Princess Beatrice, 33, is married to Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, whom she wed in 2020, and the pair have a daughter, Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi. Princess Beatrice managed to lose weight after she gave birth, and has managed to maintain her ideal weight since, thanks to a balance of diet and exercise. Dr Charlotte Norton, Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic, has previously spoken to Express.co.uk about Beatrice’ weight loss. She said: “I’m sure there would have been a lot of factors which contributed to Princess Beatrice’s impressive post-baby weight loss. “One of the things that aids with weight loss significantly is breastfeeding. “While the amount of weight that can be lost via breastfeeding varies person to person, typically an individual could look at burning between 500 and 700 calories per day.” READ MORE: Woman lost incredible 16 stone after being 'treated like an animal' As for diet, Dr Norton went on to explain that “it is likely that the Princess would have had a high-fibre diet consisting of foods such as avocados, berries, beans, broccoli and more”. According to Healthline, studies show that increasing dietary fibre can cause weight loss by automatically reducing calorie intake. Fibre can soak up water in the intestine, slowing the absorption of nutrients and increasing feelings of fullness. This is why many people eat cereal and porridge for breakfast: eating a fibrous meal first thing in the morning prevents hunger pangs later on in the day. DON'T MISS: Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACKS]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE] Dr Norton went on to add that Beatrice might have made sure to eat plenty of protein too, saying: “In addition to this, stocking up healthy proteins such as lean meats, eggs and dairy would have boosted metabolism and decreased appetite which would have aided in weight loss. “Coupling a healthy and nutritious diet with exercise would have also contributed to her weight loss, however this would of course depend on the healthcare advice provided post-pregnancy. “Lastly, sufficient water intake aids in the removal of toxins from the body and boosts metabolism. “Drinking a glass or two of warm water first thing in the morning can aid in weight loss and belly fat reduction.” Drinking enough water during the day can again reduce and prevent hunger pangs and staying hydrated can increase feelings of fullness. Exercise goes hand in hand with diet, and it has been unveiled in the past that Beatrice is a fan of exercise. Before her pregnancy, the Princess worked out with personal trainer Nadya Fairweather, who told People Magazine at the time: “She wanted to build up her stamina and just make exercise a part of her life. “We train whatever the weather and she never cancels – she’s pretty hardcore.” Nadya added: “She loves boxing and the TRX where you use your own body weight as a workout which is pretty hard.” Dr Norton also mentioned how Beatrice would have likely started doing exercise again after giving birth. She said: “I imagine that providing Princess Beatrice’s birth was healthy, then she would have certainly implemented some cardio and resistance training to aid her in losing weight.” The royal has been photographed running around London in the past, and even competed in the Windsor Half Marathon in 2010.