Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall married in April 2005, but their royal wedding was far from typical. As both Charles and Camilla were divorced, the pair had a civil wedding service instead of a big church wedding, and their nuptials were followed by a religious blessing at St George's Chapel, Windsor. Camilla had two outfit changes during the day, and there wasn't a tiara in sight for both ensembles.   Traditionally the Queen lends royal brides a tiara to wear on their wedding day, and the Queen has plenty in her jewellery collection Camilla could have chosen from. Camilla also has her own family tiara, the Cubitt-Shand Tiara, which she has been known to wear on occasion since joining the Royal Family. But Camilla opted instead for a wide-brimmed hat by Philip Treacy for her wedding ceremony which perfectly complemented her cream outfit. READ MORE: Kate's 'hands-on' and 'nurturing' parenting style shown To top off the second wedding outfit of the day, Camilla wore a vibrant feather headpiece also by Philip Treacy, who has created many of the Duchess' iconic hats over the years. Most royal brides in recent years have worn a veil, with a notable exception being Princess Eugenie when she married Jack Brooksbank in 2018. But Camilla also notably opted not to wear a veil for her wedding to Prince Charles, although she did wear one when she married Andrew Parker Bowles in 1973. Camilla also wore her hair down for her wedding day, while recent royal brides have opted for intricate up-dos for their big days.   For her civil wedding ceremony, Camilla opted for an outfit that was a far cry from the traditional white bridal dress. Camilla wore a smart cream dress with a matching coat, which she paired with pale beige suede shoes by London-based brand LK Bennett. But in a touching tribute to her new mother-in-law, Camilla carried a purse by the handbag manufacturer, Launer, with the Queen known to own several bags from the company.  DON'T MISS:Queen’s reason for promoting Kate above Camilla on Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Inside Prince Charles’ ‘wonderful’ Welsh home [PICTURES]How Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, stays slim at 74 [INSIGHT] Camilla changed her outfit for her and Charles' wedding blessing at St George's Chapel, and the bride opted for an unusual blue ensemble for this service. The new Duchess wore a chiffon gown and a gold-adorned coat, and adorably her daughter Laura Lopes' gold shoes matched her outfit. Both of Camilla's wedding outfits were designed by Antonia Robinson and Anna Valentine. 