Daisy McAndrew, a TalkTV host, and royal commentator, claimed Prince Andrew had spent so long trying “not to overshadow the Jubilee” that when the Queen’s four-day celebrations were concluded, he thought he would be “allowed back” into the Royal family. Ms McAndrew claimed the Queen had “said yes” before Prince Charles and William heard about the proposition and allegedly said ‘Over my dead body’.    Ms McAndrew said: “I think we actually need to go one step back. I think ever saying to him, to Prince Andrew, ‘Yes, you can come and be centre stage at the procession’ was a huge mistake. “My hunch is, and I’ve slightly had it confirmed, is that he sort of got his mother at a weak moment. “You know, we’ve all done it when you want something and you wait and you wait for the right moment to ask. “I think a lot of what Prince Andrew’s been doing for the whole of this year has all been concentrated on the Jubilee.    “You know, don’t let your own hideous problems overshadow the Jubilee. Sort this out before the Jubilee. “You know, pay this woman [Virginia Giuffre] off before the Jubilee. “And then I think he sort of got to the Jubilee and thought, ‘Well now what? Am I allowed back in now that I haven’t overshadowed the Jubilee?’ “And I’m guessing he sort of said afterwards ‘Well, obviously I can come to the procession’. “I suspect the Queen said yes, and then Charles and William got wind of it and said ‘Over my dead body’. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated? [POLL]   Prince Andrew was expected to attend the Order of the Garter service yesterday at Windsor Castle in a public capacity. It would have been the first time the Queen’s second son appeared publicly on royal duties since he appeared at his father Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey in March. He took centre stage to the public’s dismay at the Queen’s late husband’s memorial, walking the monarch down the aisle to her seat. The prince, who missed the Platinum Jubilee celebrations due to testing positive for coronavirus, was then expected to take part in the procession from Windsor Castle to St George’s chapel for the Order of the Garter ceremony. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew 'confident' he 'could find a role back' into family [REVEAL] 'About time!' William sends fans into frenzy with Andrew ultimatum ... [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Alarmed' William looked 'miserable' after row  [LIVE]   But a last-minute announcement from Buckingham Palace was released on Monday stating that a “family decision” had been made to keep Prince Andrew out of the public aspects of the service. Instead, the Prince attended the lunch and an investiture of new members of the ancient order, both of which were held privately. His name was reportedly struck off the order of ceremony hours before the service was due to begin. The Queen, due to persisting mobility issues, also attended the service in only a private capacity.   