A No10 source said the PM described their newfound closeness as “le bromance”. The insider said they now believed Mr Macron was “on the right page” over Ukraine. At the gathering of G7 leaders in Germany, Mr Johnson warned Western allies that any attempt to strike a peace agreement with Vladimir Putin will have painful long-term ramifications. He said that concessions now would give the Russian dictator a “licence to manipulate” sovereign countries and international markets forever. He fears war fatigue setting in as the economic impact from the invasion worsens. Mr Johnson said: “The consequences of what’s happening for the world are tough but the price of backing down, the price of allowing Putin to succeed, to hack off huge parts of Ukraine, to continue with his programme of conquest, that price will be far, far higher.” Mr Johnson, according to his spokesman, believes it is in “everyone’s interest” to push back against Russia as failure to do so “would embolden other authoritarian countries”. In talks with Mr Macron, the PM “stressed any attempt to settle the conflict now will only cause enduring instability and give Putin licence to manipulate both sovereign countries and international markets in perpetuity”. Mr Macron has previously insisted it would be for Ukraine to decide the terms of any negotiation with Putin. And speaking to Canada’s Justin Trudeau, Mr Johnson warned Ukraine is on a knife-edge and action must be taken to “tip the balance of the war in their favour”. It comes as Britain today reveals plans to work with allies to bring 20 million tons of grain out of Ukraine, including by carrying out rail repairs. Russian blockades of ports such as Odesa and attacks on farms have halted exports. Mr Johnson will tell the summit: “Only Putin can end this needless war. But leaders need to apply combined economic and political heft to help Ukraine and make life easier for households across the world.” President Volodymyr Zelensky will address the summit by video today. Meanwhile, the UK, US, Canada and Japan have agreed to ban imports of Russian gold – worth £12.6billion to Moscow last year.