After dominating the retirement market for many years, annuities fell out of favour due to the Pension Freedoms legislation of 2015. However, this could all be about to change if the Bank of England increases interest rates. While rising interest rates are bad news for many, an increase tomorrow could help Britons with savings and pension pots. An annuity is a type of pension which converts savings into an annual pension providing someone with a guaranteed income for life or a specified period. After years of lethargic annuity rates, Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown said anyone with one of these types of pensions could be in for a treat tomorrow. She explained: “After years in the doldrums annuity rates are on the rise with tomorrow’s expected interest rate rise expected to bring a further boost." READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: Tips to add £370 a month to your budget Ms Morrissey continued: “The last time we saw rates this high was almost eight years ago and there’s every chance we will see incomes breach £6,000 in the coming weeks. “After ruling the retirement market for many years annuities fell out of favour with the advent of Freedom and Choice as people embraced more flexible options such as income drawdown. “However, the higher incomes available now could prompt more people to take a closer look.” She added that the one thing that puts many people of annuities is their lack of flexibility. DON'T MISSWho qualifies for a cost of living payment - in full [INSIGHT]Yorkshire Building Society offering marketing leading 2.10% [UPDATE]Woman, 83, shares struggle with new card payment rules [ALERT]     Once purchased, an annuity cannot be changed leading people to feel they are missing out on the potential for higher rates. Ms Morrissey advised: “However, there is no obligation to annuitise your whole pension on one day, you can annuitise in stages throughout your retirement. “This enables you to secure a level of guaranteed income to secure your needs while leaving the remainder invested. “It also means you can benefit from better rates as you age.” There are a number of pension schemes and pension plans people can pay into. Annuities have been less popular recently, but with rates rising, some people may be reconsidering this option once more. These pensions provide a guaranteed income, which could be attractive to retirees right not. However, the value of income paid by annuities could fall as well as rise. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When it comes to considering annuities, Britons should consider: