Manchester United and Newcastle may have been upended by French side Lyon in their bid to sign Tyrell Malacia. The Feyenoord defender has reportedly been the subject of a £12million bid from the French giants. United, alongside the newly-rich Magpies, were linked with a move for the Netherlands international despite having strength in numbers at left-back. Feyenoord have been braced for Malacia to leave this summer after a stellar rise at De Kuip, with a number of huge European clubs interested. But according to the Daily Mirror, Lyon have stolen a march on the duo by submitting a £12m bid for the 22-year-old and now wait on an answer from the Eredivisie side. A bidding war between United and Newcastle was expected to break out after they both enquired about the availability of the pacy wing-back. Feyenoord responded with a message telling them that a bid over £15m would be acceptable before leaving the final decision to Malacia. However, there have been no concrete bids from either Premier League club as of yet despite informal talks taking place. JUST IN: Liverpool 'pass' on three Premier League stars despite 'easy' deals As such, Lyon have stolen a march by making their offer, which is likely to make the English giants sweat. United boss Erik ten Hag added Malacia to his wish-list upon his arrival at the end of last season, with elite competition for Luke Shaw required. However, Feyenoord reportedly believe that with United putting all of their eggs in one basket for Netherlands team-mate Frenkie de Jong, Lyon have stolen a march. Newcastle also wanted Malacia despite spending a similar fee on Matt Targett, with Eddie Howe wanting to add a competitive edge to his side as they aim to become top-half mainstays. Lyon are managed by former Ajax coach Peter Bosz, who is a huge fan of the youngster. Malacia is set to be part of Louis van Gaal's squad for the World Cup in Qatar that starts in November. READ MORE: Man Utd request granted as Dean Henderson transfer agreement reached He will require first-team football to stay in the mind of the former United boss before the tournament kicks off. And that may make a move to Lyon even more appealing to the Rotterdam-born player who has been described as a 'pitbull' in his home nation.