Strictly Come Dancing star Fred Sirieix has admitted that he'd have no hesitation in returning to the dance floor, in spite of confessing that his past training sessions were so intense that he was forced to vomit. The 50-year-old TV star might have been floored by the physical exertion, but he told us that braving the moves for the show was an achievement for both "body and soul". Exclaiming that he would "of course" be up for another series if the opportunity arose, he described his participation last year as "a great challenge". "I really enjoyed it. It's one of the greatest challenges that I've done," he continued. "It was a lot of fun and made me feel like I'd achieved something, so it was very good for the body and the soul." He admitted to feeling concern over whether he had a natural aptitude for dance but assured us that he wouldn't let such fears deter him. READ NOW: Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip Fred is a keen boxer in his spare time and has built up stamina skills that can assist him for the long hours on the dance floor. In fact, the First Dates star confessed that the only thing that might deter him from signing up for a full Strictly series is the time commitment. "It takes a lot of time and if it takes me three weeks to get a one and a half minute dance routine, when do you have the week to nail just one dance?" he exclaimed. "You've gotta be there all day, every day, five days a week and you have to do it for ten hours - dancing, dancing, dancing, dancing. It's very, very hard.  "Three weeks to get it and nail it and to be able to deliver it and perform it on the night... it was unbelievable." On his first training session, the strain on Fred's body was so immense that he vomited as soon as he got home. The reaction to the four hour warm-up was something that he "just needed to get out of my system". "That's just your body telling you, you've had enough," he continued. "The next day I went back to training and it was fine." Fred now feels positive about the prospect of signing on for Strictly full time - but has warned that it is dependent on his jam-packed schedule. However, the star, who is currently fronting a travel health campaign at bewareofthebugs.com, wants readers to know that he draws the line at the idea of appearing on Dancing On Ice. Although that show might be too dangerous for his tastes, he says he is happy to take on new TV challenges - and is limited solely by producers' imaginations.