The past two-and-a-half years have been horrifying, sapping our normally cheerful and resilient national spirit, turning us into a country of frightened victims, vulnerable to every panicstricken prediction (anyone for monkeypox?), easily enraged (airport chaos), full of frustration, fear and fury. Yes it’s been awful, and yes, normal life is still hard going, as we face a cost of living crisis and war in Europe. The last time such a sense of crisis hung over the country was in 1979, during the infamous “winter of discontent”, when strikes saw the UK grind to a halt, and brought down Jim Callaghan’s Labour government. Will Boris Johnson suffer the same fate? It’s looking increasingly likely. But so what? We’ve been here before and lived to tell the tale. Our national history is one of resilience and apocalyptic experience of Covid and lockdowns has destroyed our confidence permanently. Remember Great Britain’s incredible pandemic achievement when we beat the world to a national vaccine rollout? That was astonishing, but sadly we seem to have forgotten the pride we felt at the time. That’s because, unforgivably, our top public health officials (and the BBC) became so grimly negative about the prospect of ending lockdown that they ruined our initial exhilaration and starved us of hope. But that’s all in the past. We came through. If we can’t look up to our PM then our example should be the Queen, who’s weathered more crises than Downing Street’s had cheese and wine parties. Despite missing the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral yesterday, the Queen’s appearance on the palace balcony and her lighting of the principal beacon proves she’s always known the value of hope. “Look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm,” she told us in her Jubilee message, Hear hear, Ma’am. We should be proud, thankful, and for her sake, have a brilliant celebration.  To be called a bimbo was a toxic insult to an intelligent woman, but on TikTok there’s a joyous movement to reclaim all things pink and girly. I have a flighty taste in films, so loved Reese Witherspoon, right, in the hilarious Legally Blonde, where she shows Harvard she’s not just a bimbo but a brain-box. And next year we’ll see Margot Robbie as “Barbie” brought to life. It’s frivolous but fun; I’m a feminist but somebody once called me a bimbo. The couple who were “forced” to put the remains of their miscarried baby in their own fridge after a hospital had nowhere to store them were understandably traumatised. Laura Brody had a miscarriage at 15 weeks in her bathroom at home. Distraught, they placed the remains in a Tupperware box and went to Lewisham Hospital, where they sat in the waiting room for five hours clutching the box before going home and putting him in the fridge (much to their distress they could see it was a boy.) They were angry at their treatment, and a miscarriage at that stage is horrible (I know, I had one at 16 weeks) but what happened was nobody’s fault. They were not victims of NHS cruelty, but simply unprepared for nature’s brutality. Most miscarried foetuses are flushed down the loo. Tragic, but a fact of life well known to women since time began. 