Tottenham Hotspur icon Chris Waddle has labelled Antonio Conte's decision to sign Ivan Perisic' strange' because of the Premier League's demands. The 33-year-old winger will join Tottenham on a free transfer when his Inter Milan contract expires on July 1. On May 31, Spurs announced Perisic as their first signing of what's expected to be a busy summer transfer window. Conte was keen to reunite with the Croatia international after they thrived together in Inter's 2020-21 Serie A-winning season. But Waddle has doubts over whether Perisic is physically capable of making an impact in the English top-flight. He is concerned over the Champions League winner's stamina in a competition where 'you need a pair of legs' to be a success. "Ivan Perisic is a strange signing for Spurs," Waddle told BoyleSports Premier League. "They need to sign another centre-back, while Allan Saint-Maximin would annoy Antonio Conte. Ivan Perisic is a strange signing because he's not the most physical player, doesn't have the best stamina, and he's joining a league where you do need a pair of legs. JUST IN: Man Utd and Chelsea decide to target PSV star Ibrahim Sangare "He's a free transfer, and it's a little bit against Tottenham's policies to sign someone like Perisic, but clearly Conte has got his way there, and there will probably be two or three more additions. They need to get another centre-back. I know they've got Joe Rodon, who plays really well for Wales, but he can't seem to get a look in. He added: "They're linked with Allan Saint-Maximin, and the Spurs fans would be very excited to get him. But I think he'd be a very frustrating player for Antonio Conte, and he needs to be consistent and provide more of an end product if he wants to be a starter for Spurs every week." READ MORE: Alessandro Bastoni makes Tottenham transfer decision after Man Utd ... Tottenham announced their second summer signing on Wednesday morning, with Fraser Forster also set to join on a free transfer once his Southampton contract expires. The 34-year-old goalkeeper will cover Hugo Lloris after Pierluigi Gollini's departure. As Waddle suggested, Conte could be eyeing a new centre-back, with Spurs stepping up their interest in another Inter star, Alessandro Bastoni. A few more arrivals are expected at the club this summer as they gear up for a Champions League return in the Italian's first full season as head coach. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.