June is usually the month of the year where people can start to enjoy their gardens. The warmer weather and recent Jubilee celebrations mean garden lawns are getting more of a battering. June is all about maintaining garden lawns and ensuring they keep up with your busy social calendar. Tristan Sissons, garden buying manager at Homebase has shared how to get the “best out of your green space” exclusively with Express.co.uk. The gardening expert said this month it’s all about giving tools extra care, working with nature and creating a watering schedule. The gardening expert said June is a good time to look at replacing a mower’s blade. Tristan said if you can’t remember when a mower’s blade was replaced, it’s likely time to take a look. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle He said: “This quick and useful job will make cutting your grass much smoother, as well as giving you a beautiful, bright green lawn.” The Homebase gardening expert said it’s sometimes worth “going with the flow” when it comes to nature. Tristan said: “We know that the Great British weather likes to surprise us with the occasional heat wave, so if your lawn is looking dry, work with it and not against it! “Grass works to cool your good bacteria-filled soil and prevent the sun from damaging it.  DON'T MISSInterior: ‘Biggest’ kitchen trends to avoid - ‘overdone and dated' [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to remove rust from radiators - ‘easiest’ tip [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares best way to keep 'weeds down' in veg patch [ANALYSIS] “To save water, put some of your lawn clippings back onto your lawn and you’ll have yourself a nature fuelled watering solution!” Watering lawns can be a tricky business in the summer months, especially for those who are planning to go away. Even if you’re going away for a few weeks, there’s no need to invest in sprinklers or expensive watering equipment. The Homebase gardening expert said: “Don’t worry too much about watering a lawn if you’re only away for one or two weeks – it will survive however dry it gets! Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “And don’t overcompensate for your time away by water-logging it before you go. “It won’t do it any good in the long term.” June is also when lawns start to need regular mowing. Warmer weather conditions and more moisture means lawns will be growing at its best.  Gardeners should aim to mow their lawns around once a week. Dry weather means lawns will grow a little more slowly. Mowing should be less regular when the weather dries out.