Johnny Lawrence (played by William Zabka) and Daniel LaRusso (Ralph Macchio) finally had the epic rematch Cobra Kai fans have been waiting for in the Netflix spin-off’s fourth season. The Karate Kid star William recently revealed the fight was one of his most challenging endurance tests yet, though not for the reasons fans might be expecting. Daniel faced his former nemesis, Johnny, in another karate showdown in a pivotal moment for Cobra Kai’s fourth season. With another season on the way to Netflix this year, the two senseis will once again have to put aside their differences to take down a common threat. However, the series’ co-lead was still reeling from his recent bout with his long-term Karate Kid co-star. When asked if he’s starting to find the series physically challenging, William revealed: “Yes, but not because of my limitations physically, but because of the time that we have to do these things." READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen “In that fight in season four, if you talk to Ralph about it, that was a night shoot. “We started at seven at night or something, and it ended at four or five in the morning.” In the fifth episode of the new season, Match Point, Johnny and Daniel are once again at odds over how best to train their students for the upcoming All-Valley Tournament. They propose a tournament-style fight to settle the score, which ultimately results in a match point and their two dojos going their separate ways. While their grudge match was one of the biggest highlights of Cobra Kai’s latest season, shooting one of their most physical sequences in the dead of night “It was 40 degrees,” William recalled to GoldDerby. “We were barefoot out on these mats and it was so freezing. Our feet were freezing. “They would have to heat the mats up, and in between takes we’d go to the vans and warm up our legs. “Thankfully, fortunately, I’m still fit and limber, and I don’t have any injuries.” DON'T MISS:Lincoln Lawyer season 2 bags Queen of the South showrunner [LATEST]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull [UPDATE]The Last Kingdom’s Edward star pays tribute to Sonya Cassidy [TRIBUTE] William and Daniel had warm vans on-hand to take regular breaks during the fight, though it still took them several hours in the freezing cold to get the action sequence just right. The Johnny Lawrence star also recalled a minor injury he sustained during filming due to wearing the wrong footwear for another action scene. “I twisted my knee once, filming last season,” he explained. “You have to be careful, but that was more of a foot placement issue rather than not being stretched out for it. “I was wearing some Vans tennis shoes, and I skidded across a mat in a dojo, and those two things don’t go well together. It stopped me and my knee jerked forward. “I had to go and get an MRI and make sure I was okay and I wasn’t about to tear it. I was fine.” William added: “There’s kind of adrenaline that kicks in. You’re called to this, and when I’m playing this character I live like Johnny, I think like Johnny. “I know him real well, so I kind of get into his thick-headed mindset and I push through. It hurts a little bit more, you can pull something here and there, but it’s me, and that’s great.” Luckily, both William and Daniel were still in fighting shape when they returned to film Cobra Kai season five, which will be released in full after the summer. Cobra Kai season 5 will be released Friday, September 9 on Netflix.