Prince Charles welcomed guests to a garden party at the Palace of Holyroodhouse on Wednesday. Alongside the Queen, Princess Anne, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, the Prince of Wales is on a trip to Scotland to mark the annual Holyrood Week, which takes place between the end of June and beginning of July. The garden party, which the monarch did not attend, recognised Scots’ good work in the community. Her Majesty has been delegating her royal duties to other members of the Royal Family in recent months. The Queen suffered from a bout of ill health in autumn last year and has been struggling with ongoing mobility issues. Charles’ responsibilities in particular have ramped up, as he prepares for his new role within the monarchy. However, according to one royal expert, the heir to the throne once wanted to leave his royal role behind for a life in Italy. Gareth Russell, author of the upcoming book, ‘Do Let's Have Another Drink’, has claimed the Queen Mother stopped her grandson from moving abroad. Pince Charles welcomed guests to a garden party at the Palace of Holyroodhouse on Wednesday.  Alongside the Queen, Princess Anne, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, the Prince of Wales is on a trip to Scotland to mark the annual Holyrood Week, which takes place between the end of June and beginning of July.  The garden party, which the monarch did not attend, recognised Scots’ good work in the community.  Her Majesty has been delegating her royal duties to other members of the Royal Family in recent months. The Queen suffered from a bout of ill health in autumn last year and has been struggling with ongoing mobility issues.  Charles’ responsibilities in particular have ramped up, as he prepares for his new role within the monarchy.  However, according to one royal expert, the heir to the throne once wanted to leave his royal role behind for a life in Italy.  Gareth Russell, author of the upcoming book, ‘Do Let's Have Another Drink’, has claimed the Queen Mother stopped her grandson from moving abroad. He told last week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast: “She [the Queen Mother] did, at one point, get a whisper that Prince Charles was considering going to live in Italy in the early Nineties, because he was really struggling with the press. He was very unpopular at that point. “And he was considering going to live in Tuscany for most of the year. And the Queen Mother, who never spoke about Wallis Simpson and Edward VIII, invited Charles to dinner and she all of a sudden started talking about his great uncle and his great aunt. “And the way she phrased it, it became very clear to Charles that she was telling him: ‘Do not leave this country.’ “The Queen Mother never went in a straight line. She kind of wove in her point.” At the time, Charles had separated from his first wife, Diana, Princess of Wales, following a tumultuous period in their relationship. Both Charles and Diana had engaged in extramarital affairs, and reports had emerged in the public sphere. The Prince of Wales’ relationship with Camilla Parker Bowles had come to light after a recording of an intimate phone call — nicknamed ‘Camilla Gate’ — was leaked in the press. Charles and Camilla faced an onslaught of criticism from the public and the media, with the now-Duchess of Cornwall often being blamed for the breakdown of the Prince and Princess of Wales’ marriage. It was this negative attention in the press that contributed to Charles’ desire to leave the UK. However, the Queen Mother, whom the prince shared a particularly close relationship with, persuaded her grandson not to leave his royal duties behind. The Prince of Wales revealed the close bond he shared with his grandmother in 2002 during an emotional eulogy. He said: “She was, quite simply, the most magical grandmother you could possibly have.” The message was televised throughout the UK, and showed a teary Charles grieving the loss of his beloved “Granny”. “For me, she meant everything, and I had dreaded this moment. Somehow, I never thought it would come. She seemed gloriously unstoppable.” Charles and the Queen Mother’s relationship grew especially close following the accession of Queen Elizabeth II in 1952. The prince was four years old at the time and his mother’s responsibilities as monarch soon took over her role as mother, meaning the Queen Mother often looked after Charles and his younger sister, Anne. The Queen Mother’s biographer Hugo Vickers said: “You must remember that when the Queen was away on her tour of the Commonwealth from November 1953 until May 1954 the Queen Mother was really Prince Charles and ­Princess Anne’s guardian. “They were very young then and they would share weekends at Royal Lodge at Windsor and they spent a long Christmas holiday together at Sandringham.  “I think it was then that Prince Charles in particular bonded with his grandmother.”