Donning the red carpet in a grey suit paired with a black shirt, many concerned for his health took to social media. One user wrote: “Dear god how thin Tom Hanks looks?! Positively sepulchral. Hope he’s OK or is it for a film role?" (sic). Before another added: “Wow lovely Tom Hanks looks very very thin! Hope he’s ok.” With concern for the star rife after his public appearance, the same occurred after both him and Austin Butler, who plays Elvis in the upcoming film, appeared on BBCs The One Show once again rang alarm bells about the star’s health.  Many Twitter users were left pondering whether the star’s thin appearance was in preparation for another big role, whilst others joked that they had just forgotten how thin he was in real life, compared to the Colonel. @AnthonyRubio5 tweeted: “Is Tom Hanks filming Philadelphia 2? Looks poorly! #TheOneShow.” And @Ginger_Ninja27 added: “Is Tom Hanks in training for a role? #TheOneShow.” Whilst a third commented: "Has Tom Hanks become really skinny or have I just forgotten he was always skinny #TheOneShow.“  READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's battle with ‘profound’ eye issue - symptoms With no official comment from Hanks concerning his weight loss, it can not be assumed that he is suffering from any ill health. In fact, this is not the first time the 65-year-old has drastically changed his appearance. In preparation for his role in 2000 film Castaway the actor reportedly lost 50Ibs (just over three stone), in order to make the story of a man stranded on a desert island all the more convincing on screen. However, back in 2013, the star remained adamant that he would no longer take on roles that require him to change his weight, mainly due to the fact that he has type 2 diabetes. “I think that's more or less a young man's game,” he is reported to have said. When speaking about his diabetes, Hanks told American talk show host David Letterman that he has started to experience symptoms a whopping “20-years” before he was officially diagnosed. Having had “high blood sugar numbers” since age 36, the star initially ignored the risk factors of the condition, and failed to make enough changes in his lifestyle to avoid an official diagnosis. "I went to the doctor, and he said, 'You know those high blood sugar numbers you've been dealing with since you were 36? Well, you've graduated! You've got type 2 diabetes, young man,'” Hanks recalled before going on to call himself an “idiot” for not doing something to prevent the condition.  “I was heavy. You've seen me in movies, you know what I looked like," he continued. "I was a total idiot. "I thought I could avoid it by removing the buns from my cheeseburgers. Well, it takes a little bit more than that." However, for Hanks, unlike many other diabetes sufferers, doctors told him that if he could hit a “target weight” his illness would disappear. He continued to say: "My doctor says if I can hit a target weight, I will not have type 2 diabetes anymore.“ Before adding with a chuckle: “Well, I'm going to have type 2 diabetes then, because there is no way I can weigh [what I weighed] in high school.”  Hanks cited not only his yo-yo dieting in order to lose drastic amounts of weight for film roles, but also living on an unhealthy routine of junk food and very little exercise as the main causes of his type 2 diabetes. He said he was “genetically inclined” to develop the condition. Type 2 diabetes is the most common form of the condition and occurs when the level of sugar in the blood becomes too high. Diabetes UK explains that the main difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes is that “type 1 diabetes is a genetic condition that often shows up early in life, and type 2 is mainly lifestyle-related and develops over time.” Many individuals develop type 2 diabetes without noticing, but the NHS states that there are multiple warning signs that can indicate you have the condition. These include: Due to the nature of how type 2 diabetes develops, individuals are encouraged to stick to a healthy diet and keep active in order to best manage the condition. If individuals have type 2 diabetes, either the body doesn’t make enough insulin, or the insulin doesn’t work properly. This is known as insulin resistance, so managing what foods you ingest will make you feel generally better.  Although there is nothing you cannot eat if you have type 2 diabetes, the NHS recommends individuals limit certain foods. They should: Tom Hanks can be seen in some of his most memorable roles - Toy Story 2 plays on BBC One today at 3:15pm, and Castaway on Channel 5 at 2:20pm.