Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez is hoping to join Manchester United this summer, reports have claimed. Arsenal are interested in the Argentina international and have already seen one offer rejected. Arsenal have made a second bid for Martinez of around £35million, according to Goal, after a £29m initial proposal was turned down. However, United are providing strong competition to sign the 24-year-old. United boss Erik ten Hag wants to return to his former club to sign Martinez. And Dutch football reporter Marcel van der Kraan claims Old Trafford is the preferred destination for the versatile player. He says an update over Martinez's future is expected inside the next 48 hours. Speaking to De Telegraaf, Van der Kraan said: “Martinez is very high on Erik ten Hag’s wishlist, so I expect big developments in the [next] 24 or 48 hours. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plan De Jong unveiling, Spurs medical latest, Raphinha meeting  “Martinez will also have his hopes pinned on United, who are an absolute top club for him. Ajax will really cash out for Martinez and go to £38.7m-£43m (€45m-€50m), but that is the advantage if two clubs bid, as we saw with Lyon and Manchester United, then it suddenly goes higher.” The Red Devils are yet to make any new signings under Ten Hag. But that is soon set to come to an end. A £13m fee has been agreed with Feyenoord for Holland left-back Tyrell Malacia. The 22-year-old was set to join Lyon but United have pipped the French side. Van der Kraan says a deal is done and predicts Malacia to flourish in England. He added: “The deal is done, and yesterday he spoke about his own terms. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Mikel Arteta can sign obvious Raphinha alternative for just £34mChelsea deal for Raphinha in crisis as Barcelona 'new bid' sees star make requestJack Wilshere delivers Richarlison to Tottenham verdict with Arsenal transfer claim  “They were not so complicated because he already knew what he could earn at Lyon. Manchester United only had to go a little bit over that. “I think he’s going to have a great time there because it’s obvious he’s a boy who is really made for English football with his dynamism, fierceness, and physical strength despite not being that tall. He really is a top boy. “You all know that if Manchester United are in the market and you are a footballer, then yes, you go there and not Lyon.” Arsenal could also lose out on another top target, with Leeds star Raphinha wanted by Chelsea and Barcelona. Meanwhile, United remain interested in signing Barca midfielder Frenkie de Jong.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here