The Queen’s former chaplain Gavin Ashenden told how he mistakenly demoted the Countess of Wessex to a waitress because she was “wearing a smart black number” and was helping staff hand out drinks. The royal blunder took place at a “jolly reception” in Windsor Castle.  Writing for the Daily Mail, royal expert Richard Eden said Mr Ashenden told him: “It was in the course of a jolly reception at Windsor Castle. “In my defence she was wearing a smart black number and helping staff by handing round drinks to guests.” Mr Eden added: “Ashenden asked her if she was ever mistaken for Sophie Wessex. ‘Frequently,’ she said.” Sophie and her husband Prince Andrew are currently in Gibraltar following four days of public celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The visit, from June 7 until June 9, forms part of the celebrations after the extended UK bank holiday weekend. The Earl and Countess's visit was partly dedicated to watching the Royal Gibraltar Regiment display its new colours for the Queen’s Birthday Parade in the British Overseas Territory.  READ MORE: 'I'm impressed!' Sophie Wessex stuns in outfit 'to die for' The pair were met at Gibraltar International Airport by Governor Sir David Steel and Chief Minister Fabian Picardo. They then received a military welcome at Gibraltar's RAF base, with the Earl inspecting the Guard of Honour formed of the Royal Gibraltar Regiment. The trip also featured a special Queen's Birthday Parade near the 19th-century British-built barracks in Casemates Square on Thursday.  DON'T MISS Sophie Wessex gets stuck in with archery and hockey on Gibraltar tour [VIDEO]Sophie Wessex opts for bright blue dress in Gibraltar [PICTURES]Sophie and Edward surprise locals in Gibraltar [INSIGHT] The Queen said she was "delighted" that her son and daughter-in-law were visiting in her Platinum Jubilee year in a message dedicated to Gibraltar. In the message, the monarch wrote: "Over the years, I have watched Gibraltar prosper as a multi-cultural and multi-faith community, proud of its rich history while dynamic and forward looking.  "In my Platinum Jubilee year, I am delighted that my son and daughter-in-law have the opportunity to visit Gibraltar again and I am pleased that they will represent me at my Birthday Parade in Casemates Square, taking the salute of the Royal Gibraltar Regiment to whom Prince Edward presented new colours at Windsor earlier this year. "I am grateful for your continued allegiance and loyalty, and I am pleased to reaffirm the close ties that have existed for so long between the Crown and the people of Gibraltar.  "My thoughts and prayers will remain with you for your future happiness and prosperity."