Jose Mourinho will not leave his position as Roma manager despite links with a potential move to French giants Paris Saint-Germain. The current PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino is set to depart Parc des Princes in the coming days, reports suggest. According to Gianluca de Marzio, Mourinho's position at the club is "stronger than ever," and there are no signs he will depart. The Portuguese boss, who is still under contract at the Stadio Olimpico until 2024, is said to be preparing for next season "in all aspects," starting with the summer transfer recruitment. The report also states that despite the great relationship between the two parties - Mourinho and new PSG sporting director Luis Campos - they are focused on different goals and outcomes. The 59-year-old boss committed his future to Roma after winning European silverware in the Europa Conference League final against Feyernood, saying: "there is no doubt, I want to stay here." Pochettino's exit is said to be imminent, with PSG chiefs set to meet this week to thrash out the details. Campos is set to join as the club's new football director replacing Leonardo, who was reportedly sacked after the final game of the season, in a major shake-up in the French capital.  Nice's manager Christopher Galtier, who has been awarded as the Ligue 1's best manager on three occasions, is said to be on PSG's wish list as a potential replacement. Galtier's side finished fifth in the league, just three points off third placed Monaco, and Campos previously bought him to Lille back in 2017 which proved to be a success at the time. He led Lille to the Ligue 1 title in 2020/21. Pochettino however, has expressed his desire to remain at the club and face all the challenges after a rocky season with the club which led to their exit from the Champions League. But reports claim he is set to be dismissed after just one full season in charge at the Parc des Princes. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'weighing up' Allan Saint-Maximin transfer bid as Fabio Paratici pushes for deal [GOSSIP]Leeds set two conditions for Raphinha transfer with Barcelona in 'advanced talks'[RUMOUR]Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni's agent hints where client will play next season[QUOTES]  Speaking to Spanish radio show 'El Partidazo de COPE', Pochettino admitted: 'Before I said [that I want to stay] 100 percent here. Today I say 100 percent here [too]. I have one more year left on my contract. The challenges are there and it motivates any coach. "Of course I want to continue, 100 percent. PSG are a club with ambition. The big disappointment is the Champions League [elimination] because of the desire of the people." 