It's important to take steps to look after your garden during the heatwave, starting now. An expert has told Express.co.uk that taking action now could save your lawn, keeping it fresh and beautifully green. Sam is a lawn care expert who runs JayRock LawnCare & Gardening. The pro wows lawn fanatics with his insight on this YouTube channel and on his podcast, JayRock’s Lawn Care & Gardening Podcast. Water is obviously the key to preventing the lawn from drying out. Sam told readers: "Water! This is the big one, ensure your lawn is still receiving water whether it is from the house or from a water. "I advise at least giving your lawn a heavy water in the morning before the temperatures of the day start to rise. "Prevention is better than cure so people should start watering now! READ MORE: 'Secret ingredients to transform your lawn' from gardening pro - 'create lawn of dreams' Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "Fifteen to 30 minutes on each lawn should do the trick depending on size and water pressure. You want your lawn soggy but not puddling." What other steps does Sam recommend to keep your grass healthy during this hot weekend? Using a treatment is advised, according to Sam, and he recommended one particular ingredient. "Applying a product like liquid seaweed can really help the overall health of the grass and reduce stress on the plant," he said. DON'T MISSHow to teach your lawn to 'fend off weeds by itself' [METHOD] What can you do now to get rid of moss in the garden? [STEPS] 'No brainer': British mum's life-changing lawn advice [INSIGHT] "You can’t go wrong with a product like this and that application is very easy." Try changing how you mow the lawn too, during this time. Longer grass helps to protect the soil from the intense sun and stops it from drying out. More moist soil means healthier grass, so not cutting the grass too short is a no-brainer. Sam said: "It is also a great time to get a slightly higher height of cut (HOC), one or two settings higher than you usually would. "This will shade out the soil surface a bit more and hopefully help retain moisture in the soil for the roots to still uptake." It is also a good idea to avoid fertilising the grass in the hot sun. Some fertiliser can burn the grass, resulting in yellow patches.