According to the Met Office, there will be heavy rains locally in northern areas on Friday as a band of locally heavy rain sinks south through the weekend followed by the cooler weather. However other areas of the country will face sunny periods.  The breather in the weather will come after the UK is set to witness the hottest day of the year with the temperature soaring up to 34C in some parts. Netweather meteorologist Paul Michaelwaite said: “Along the divide, there'll be some rain to start Saturday, and that is going to be slowly edging further south as the day goes on. “The speed and southern extent are another question mark though. “That divide will be marking a big difference in temperature with the heat still in the south, along with far cooler air to the north of the front.   “Whenever there's a sharp temperature gradient like that it feeds energy into the atmosphere and brings a likelihood of heavy rain and potentially also thunderstorms.” The Met Office has confirmed that today is the hottest day of the year so far after 28C was recorded in St James’s Park in central London this afternoon. The forecaster added that the record would be beaten this year as temperatures are set to reach highs of 34C on Friday. Mr Michaelwaite continued: “Along with that threat, there is the chance of hefty showers and storms firing to the south of the front during the day as the atmosphere starts to destabilise. READ MORE: Malta makes huge post-Brexit passport U-turn for Britons  “Later on in the day and into Sunday is probably when we'll start to see the heaviest downpours and persistent rain develop. “Both along the front, the boundary between the hotter and cooler air, and to the south of it. “During Sunday it's really uncertain - we'll have at least one front in play, low pressure moving nearby from the south and perhaps still some residual heat to deal with as well. “So, there is likely to be heavy, thundery rain once more, most likely affecting southern and central areas. DON'T MISS:Platinum Jubilee could have caused new Covid wavePeston: Labour MP slams Rwanda policy ‘shambles’ Kate touched by ‘kind’ compliment as royal fan brings back memories... “Away to the north of all this, it should be much less dramatic, with sunny spells and a scattering of showers again. “There is the likelihood that, thanks to a very energised atmosphere over southern and central regions, this weekend 25-50mm or more of rain could fall locally within a short space of time. “That's plenty enough to cause disruption and flash-flooding.” 