Rafael Nadal’s agent has claimed that the Spaniard will be trying “everything” to play at Wimbledon this summer after declining reports that he had already withdrawn from the tournament. The world No 5 is into the French Open final but has been battling with a chronic foot injury and his post-clay schedule is yet to be confirmed. Nadal progressed to his 14th Roland Garros final after Alexander Zverev injured his ankle during their semi-final clash and was forced to retire. Shortly after reaching Sunday’s championship match, it was reported that the two-time former Wimbledon champion would not be playing at the All England Club this summer. But the rumours were quickly denied and the 36-year-old’s agent has now claimed that the Spaniard is doing all he can to be back at Wimbledon for the first time in three years as he continues to struggle with a chronic foot injury. “That information from Marca was false.  I spoke to the journalist yesterday after the press conference. They took down the article immediately,” Benito Perez-Barbadillo said of the claims that Nadal would be skipping Wimbledon. “Rafa will try everything within the limits to be at Wimbledon.” The 21-time Grand Slam champion’s foot will likely determine whether or not he returns to SW19 this summer, with his Mueller-Weiss syndrome causing him increasing trouble in recent months. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic posts four-word message to Alex Zverev after injury  Nadal skipped Wimbledon last year as a result of the injury, playing just two matches after his 2021 French Open semi-final loss before shutting down his season. He made a triumphant return in January, winning three titles and 20 straight matches but fractured his rib in Indian Wells. Just a week after he returned from the rib injury, the foot struck him down again as he crashed out of the Italian Open in the third round limping off the court and doubting whether he’d even make it to Paris. Now through to the final, the 36-year-old has still admitted it could be his “last” French Open in his recent press conferences. DON'T MISSSports doctor breaks down Alex Zverev injury and if surgery is neededWimbledon 'nearing WTA deal' so players can keep half ranking pointsDjokovic receives backing as Serb 'happy' Wimbledon punished by ATP  After his comments sparked retirement fears, Nadal clarified that he wasn’t planning to say goodbye and would just have to listen to his body as he was prepared to continue fighting. "At no time do I want this to seem like a farewell. We will continue working to find solutions to what is happening down with my foot,” he told Spain’s RTVE channel. "I trust and hope to be able to return. This last year has been difficult. Day to day, with everything that it entails, has been difficult not just because of all the effort but to stay competitive. And I play to be competitive. It’s what makes me really happy. We will keep thinking about the things we need to improve and the desire is to continue.” 