Wimbledon chief Sally Bolton has issued her regret on the impact of the All England Club’s decision to ban Russian and Belarusian nationals from competing at this year’s tournament. But she has said Wimbledon are sticking by their decision. Wimbledon announced in April that male and female tennis stars from the two countries would not be allowed to play at SW19 this year after Russia took the deadly decision to invade Ukraine at the end of February. Some players and pundits have spoken out against the ban, while others have backed Wimbledon’s stance. And Bolton admits she felt for the players who were told they weren’t welcome at the tournament. “It was an incredibly difficult and complex decision to make at the time,” Bolton told the BBC on Monday morning. “We spent a long time thinking about it and in making that decision. It was complicated but we stand by it. It was the right decision to make for the Championships. It’s still the right decision to make for the Championships. We hugely regret the impact it has on the individual players involved. But it remains the right decision for us this year.” JUST IN: Wimbledon 'tradition' row kicks off as gender-neutral toilets spotted  The likes of Daniil Medvedev, Andrey Rublev and Karen Khachanov are absent from the men's Wimbledon draw as a result of the ban, while players including Aryna Sabalenka, Daria Kasatkina and Viktoria Azarenka are not playing in the women’s tournament. And off the back of Wimbledon’s decision, the ATP and the WTA stripped the tournament of ranking points. “The ability for players of any nationality to enter tournaments based on merit, and without discrimination, is fundamental to our Tour,” said the ATP in a statement. “The decision by Wimbledon to ban Russian and Belarusian players from competing in the UK this summer undermines this principle and the integrity of the ATP ranking system.” DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu opens up on 'surreal' Wimbledon hype and pressureKyrgios continues bitter Wimbledon tirade - 'stupidest thing ever'Wimbledon hopeful has “great opportunity” as ex-coach hails qualities  The French Open, which took place throughout May and June, didn’t take the same stance as Wimbledon as it allowed Russian and Belarusian players to compete. And the US Open, which begins at the end of August, has also refused to issue any bans. But Bolton insists Wimbledon will still be a credible event. “I think when you look at the entry list and you look at the players that are present here ready to play in these two weeks, I think it speaks for itself in terms of whether this is considered to be a credible event or not,” she added. 