With Britain enjoying some of the hottest days of this year, drivers have been warned of several items that should never be left inside of a car when temperatures soar. These include soft drink cans and sun cream. Motorists across the UK got to enjoy a mini heatwave this week with temperatures soaring above 30 degrees in some places. And with summer officially starting in three days, drivers have now been warned about items that could pose a safety risk if left unattended inside a vehicle. A spokesperson for Select Car Leasing said: "When the sun’s energy enters the car and begins to heat solid objects, it begins to create what is called a greenhouse effect. "Studies have found that an outdoors temperature of 22C can cause a car to heat up to 47C in the space of an hour. READ MORE: Record petrol and diesel costs being passed onto 'hardest hit' drivers "When objects are left in such a stifling heat it can cause damage to them and potentially your car." When it comes to soft drink cans, they can pose a risk for two reasons. Firstly, heat applied to a compressed can may cause it to explode. This can happen even if the can is hidden away from direct sunlight. DON'T MISS Drivers and cyclists go head to head over helmet cam videos [SHOCKING] Drivers wanting to switch to EVs now face huge wait [REVEAL] Most economical cars you can buy right now [INSIGHT] If the can explodes while a person is operating a vehicle, it may not only cause a nasty mess but also scare the driver and potentially lead to an accident. On top of that, high heat can affect the taste and consistency of carbonated drinks. Heat can affect some ingredients, changing the flavor of the drink. When it comes to sun cream bottles, they can also explode if left in warm environments. However, the biggest issue is that heat can alter the shelf life of the cream, meaning drivers could be going without valuable UV protection and risk damaging their skin. The news comes after drivers were warned about massive £1,000 fines for not drinking enough water as temperatures soar. Motorists risk a £1,000 fine for failing to have proper control of a vehicle due to dehydration symptoms such as dizziness and loss of focus. Because of this, drivers have been urged to ensure they are well hydrated before setting off to avoid fines and minimise the risk of being involved in an accident. In the UK it is recommended to drink six to eight glasses of fluid per day. Many experts recommend for drivers to keep a water bottle handy so they can take a drink when they want to. Taking regular breaks is also key to avoiding becoming dehydrated and to keep focus. Mike Thompson, Chief Operating Officer at Leasing Options, urged drivers to keep themselves hydrated when driving in high temperatures. He said: “We’re used to checking the water and oil levels of our car before we set off but how many people check their own water levels? "When starting your car before a long-distance journey, you may not think drinking an extra glass of water before leaving the house would affect your driving abilities, but you would be wrong. “Drinking more water will not only have a positive effect on the body but will also prevent the chance of dizziness or loss of focus because of it.”