Darwin Nunez has been pictured at Liverpool's training ground as he completes the final stages of his medical ahead of an £85million move from Benfica. Liverpool could announce their record signing as early as Tuesday, with Jurgen Klopp set to make his latest attacking addition. In the opening days of the summer transfer window, Liverpool launched their pursuit of the 22-year-old striker to blow competition from Manchester United out of the water. On Monday, Benfica announced they had reached an agreement with the Champions League finalists over the transfer of Nunez. Liverpool are understood to be paying an initial £64m, with achievable add-ons amounting to £21m, to recruit one of Europe's most exciting young strikers. The fee will eventually surpass the £75m they paid Southampton for Virgil van Dijk in 2018. And the Reds look set to announce their marquee coup imminently after he was spotted taking a photo outside the club's training ground. At 9.21am on Tuesday, a Twitter user took to the social media platform to leak what appears to be a first look of Nunez on Merseyside. JUST IN: Tottenham 'agree £25m deal' for Yves Bissouma as Conte eyes four more Nunez is understood to have committed to a six-year contract at Anfield until 2028, earning around £140,000 per week. It's a lower salary than top earners Virgil van Dijk, Thiago and Mohamed Salah but puts him on par with plenty of key figures in Klopp's squad. The Uruguay international will undoubtedly play a crucial role next season and beyond after netting 34 goals in 41 games throughout the 2021-22 campaign. He particularly impressed during Liverpool's Champions League quarter-final tie against Benfica, scoring in both legs and wowing Klopp. READ MORE: Man Utd made mistake eight years ago and could do it again this summer During the tie, the German coach publicly hailed Nunez and suggested he has a 'big career ahead of him' amid a stellar season. Of course, he will hope the South American can enjoy that career with Liverpool over the next decade as they continue to battle Manchester City for domestic dominance. He said: "Extremely good-looking boy, eh? And a decent player as well! Really good, really good, you have to say. Physically strong, quick, plus calm around his finish. When he finished the goal off, he was really calm. Good, really, really good. How we say in these situations, if he stays healthy, it's a big career ahead of him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here