The BBC reported a large number of complaints about its coverage of the Platinum Jubilee, with some viewers accusing the broadcaster of modifying clips. Viewers took particular issue with footage of Boris Johnson being booed, which viewers claimed had been edited to reduce the volume of the protest in news bulletins. Viewer Dave Rees wrote: "Imagine my surprise, shock, and anger to see the BBC had censored and edited the clip of Boris and Carrie airing to booing from the crowds." And Nikki Middleton said: "What right does the BBC have to alter the public's reaction? Shocking!" But speaking to BBC News Watch, interim senior controller Richard Burgess denied any editing accusations. Mr Burgess said: "The first shot was of Jane Hill commentating live on the Johnsons arriving, and you can hear her reaction instantly that she can hear quite a lot of booing. "A considerable amount, I think she said. JUST IN: State pension: Are you one of 770,000 people due £3,300 a year? Check now "The second shot was from a different camera, we've got a number of different cameras filming events like this. "They have what we call a clean feed so, essentially, audio without commentary on in a different position. So just the volume levels were different." He added: "There was no editing of it, no attempt to censor anything. "I think if you watched our coverage in the days following this incident, you'd have seen we regularly covered the story, we even played the clip to Grant Shapps, a Cabinet minister, on Sophie Raworth's Sunday Morning programme." READ MORE: ‘I just sobbed’ HSBC customer devastated as she loses £22,000 in scam And another viewer lamented what he claimed to be the overly pro-monarchy coverage of the event. Paul Benwell said: "I felt the BBC coverage really conveyed the impression to viewers that 100 percent of the viewers are in favour of the monarchy and we're going to be out celebrating 70 years of having the same, unelected Head of State. "Now, nothing could be further from the truth because, in a recent YouGov poll, only 62 percent of the population thought that the monarchy should continue into the future. "A majority, 60-odd percent is a majority, but as Boris Johnson found out earlier this week, it's by no means a resounding majority." DON'T MISS: Kevin Clifton revealed Rose-Ayling Ellis fell during training [STRICTLY]Jason Hitch dead: 90 Day Fiance star dies from Covid-19 complications [DEATH]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk bids 'sad' farewell to 'friend for life' [INSIGHT] But Mr Burgess refuted the claims: "I don't think that's fair. "It was a major moment of national significance. I don't think you can argue about that. It was a significant story, our Head of State being on the throne longer than any other monarch. "This was a moment to reflect on that, to reflect on the reign, to consider the future. "Yes, to represent the celebrations but also to represent not everyone feels the same way about the monarchy. We did reflect, that was on our coverage as well."