Newcastle's pursuit of Manchester United goalkeeper Dean Henderson has come to an end due to Nottingham Forest's loan-to-buy offer for the Red Devils starlet, and the Magpies are now reportedly moving on to an alternative in Burnley's giant shot-stopper Nick Pope, who is said to be 'pushing for a move' away from Turf Moor. Henderson has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford throughout the summer, with Newcastle, Forest and Tottenham all linked with the England international. It appeared Eddie Howe's men were the frontrunners for his signature but Forest's keenness to fix their goalkeeping situation after current starter Brice Samba announced his intention to leave has put them in pole position for the former Sheffield United loanee. And according to the Northern Echo, that has forced Newcastle to try their hand for England international Pope, who is ready to quit Burnley despite new manager Vincent Kompany's arrival in east Lancashire. The publication states that the Magpies are increasingly confident of being able to sign the 6ft 6in stopper this summer given their financial power and Burnley's newfound Championship status. Howe is keen to sign a goalkeeper with Karl Darlow and Freddie Woodman widely expected to depart the north east for pastures new. Martin Dubravka still represents a solid option between the sticks for the money-laden side, although he is turning 34 next season, and the club could look to sign a younger option. Pope's outstanding performances for the Clarets, which saw him come within one game of winning the Golden Glove in 2019-20, are likely to see him depart Burnley for a Premier League side. The 30-year-old has one year left on his contract, although Kompany's men have an option to extend that for another year. Pope is likely to want a move back to the Premier League to keep his place in Gareth Southgate's England squad, which would be a much harder feat to achieve if he was in the second tier. With Jordan Pickford likely to start for the Three Lions, Pope would have to battle with Henderson and Aaron Ramsdale for the second and third spots - with Henderson likely to be more in the public eye should he impress at Forest. Pope's agent is supposedly aware of Newcastle's interest, and the shot stopper is set to hold crunch talks with Burnley chiefs next week in a bid to clear up his future. Howe would like to have a new goalkeeper in his squad come the start of pre-season, which begins in roughly two weeks' time. Elsewhere, the club are also reportedly aiming to close in on deals for Sven Botman and Hugo Ekitike. AC Milan are also in discussions for Botman, who is unlikely to remain a Lille player for too much longer.