Matchroom Boxing promoter Eddie Hearn has announced Derek Chisora will rematch Kubrat Pulev on July 9 at the O2 Arena in London. The pair first faced each other back in 2016 for the European heavyweight title with Pulev coming out as the victor via a split decision on the night. Two judges scored it 118–110 and 116–112 in Pulev's favour while the third scored it 115–113 for Chisora. Now, the second fight is set to take place and Eddie Hearn is promising ‘total carnage’ on fight night. Taking to Twitter to announce the fight, Hearn tweeted: “The best way to explain this fight! July 9 there will be Total Carnage @theo2london live on @daznboxing #ChisoraPulev.” In their original pre-fight build up there was plenty of carnage. During one face-off Chisora and Pulev had to be separated after Chisora grabbed hold of Pulev’s head. Then during the weigh-in Chisora was punched in the face by a Bulgarian fan causing ‘Dell Boy’ to charge into the audience. “I’m delighted to get this fight over the line," said Hearn. “Initially, we worked on some other opponents for Derek, but this fight came out of nowhere a few days ago and I absolutely love it! I think the strapline, ‘Total Carnage’, is absolutely perfect for this fight, in terms of the build-up and in terms of the fight itself. “Expect the unexpected but expect a thriller at The O2 on July 9. Both men have been longstanding fixtures of the World Heavyweight division and it’s all or nothing at The O2 for both, as defeat could lead to the end of the road. Fans can expect a huge undercard and a brilliant main event for another brilliant event live on DAZN.” Ed Breeze, EVP Rights at DAZN continued: “This rematch between two of the Heavyweight division’s most exciting fighters is sure to be a sensational showdown that takes over The O2. We look forward to broadcasting this event to fans around the world as part of a stacked and still growing slate of can’t-miss fight nights all summer long on DAZN.” MORE BOXING NEWS...Joyce calls out Usyk and backs Ukrainian to win Joshua rematchHaney suffers second blow before Kambosos Jr fight as cutman detainedCalzaghe back in training with 'long list of people' querying return Chisora is currently riding a three-fight losing streak with back-to-back losses to Joseph Parker and a single defeat to Oleksandr Usyk. While Kubrat Pulev was last seen in the ring in May with a win over Jerry Forrest a year after his knockout loss to Anthony Joshua.