The crooner is widely considered one of entertainment's greatest performers, able to turn his hand effortlessly between singing, dancing and acting. Today, from 2.20pm on BBC Two, viewers can enjoy Sinatra carry out all three disciplines as he stars in the much loved musical comedy High Society. The 1956 flick boasts an incredible cast, with the likes of Bing Crosby and Grace Kelly starring opposite Sinatra, while Cole Porter provides the music and lyrics. It follows the story of how composer CK Dexter-Haven tries to reclaim ex-wife Tracy Lord, before she marries another man. Porter was nominated for an Oscar for the song True Love, but narrowly missed out to Que Sera, Sera from The Man Who Knew Too Much. Sinatra's life has been scrutinised and talked about for years since he passed away in 1998, including his relationship with his children. He had three children – Nancy, Frank Jr and Tina, who all followed their iconic father into showbusiness. Nancy was perhaps most prominent, enjoying worldwide stardom thanks to the hits These Boots Are Made for Walkin', Somethin' Stupid, which she sang with her father. However, though she enjoyed a good relationship with Sinatra, Nancy was left upset that he and her mother Nancy Barbato were never able to stay together. Writing after Sinatra married third wife Barbara Marx in her 1985 memoir Frank Sinatra: My Father, Nancy said she cried for seven days ahead of the wedding. This was because there would be "no chance now for him and my mother to get together and grow old together". JUST IN: Dean Martin’s daughter ‘almost died’ after Elvis said how he saw him The singer noted that Sinatra and Barbara were deeply in love, but she resented the decision her father made to get an annulment from her mother. In another title she wrote, 1995's Frank Sinatra: An American Legend, Nancy added: "I found the concept of annulment shocking and my brother (the late Frank Jr.), sister and I were concerned about how it would affect our mother." Sinatra married Nancy Barbato in 1939, but as his career began to erupt, the family moving to Los Angeles, his infidelities began. Biographer James Kaplan wrote in 2010's Frank: The Voice: "The more famous Frank Sinatra got, the more women there were who wanted to go to bed with him, and he saw no reason not to oblige as many of them as possible. DON'T MISS:Frank Sinatra's Godfather outrage: Crooner 'loomed over' iconic flick [INSIGHT]Ray Liotta was sent horse’s head by Frank Sinatra’s family after snub [LATEST]Frank Sinatra’s daughters once sent Ray Liotta horse's head as joke [ANALYSIS] "Covering up the evidence was rarely his first priority." Among his affairs was with Ava Gardner, a fellow Hollywood pin-up, which started in 1951. At the time, Sinatra was riding a huge wave of popularity among music fans. This culminated in his 1954 win for Best Supporting Actor in From Here to Eternity. Barbara herself even commented on Sinatra's love of women, and their love for him. Writing in 2011's Lady Blue Eyes: My Life with Frank Sinatra, she said: "Frank attracted women. He couldn't help it. "Just to look at him—the way he moved, and how he behaved—was to know that he was a great lover and true gentleman. "He adored the company of women and knew how to treat them. I had friends whose husbands were 'players', and every time the husbands had affairs my friends were showered with gifts. "Well, I was constantly showered with gifts, but no matter what temptations Frank may have had while I wasn't around, he made me feel so safe and loved that I never became paranoid about losing him." High Society airs today from 2.20pm on BBC Two.