Former Liverpool midfielder Dom Hutchinson has claimed that he would rather keep Sadio Mane than Mohamed Salah at Anfield, after rumours that the Senegalese star could leave the club this summer. Mane has been linked with a move to German giant Bayern Munich, but both he and Salah have just one year left on their Liverpool contracts and could leave the club. Mane has been dubbed as a possible replacement for Robert Lewandowski at the Bundesliga club this summer, but Hutchinson believes Liverpool should be prioritising keeping Mane than Salah. “It feels like to me and I know I am going to be massively in the minority here, I would be all in for keeping Mane rather than Mo Salah,” he told ESPN’s Gab & Jules Show. “His form is incredible, I think he is never a problem for the manager, there are no stories. I think the job that he does for club and country is absolutely sensational. The work he does away from football, incredible. “I don’t know it feels like a massive loss if they let Mane go, I think he is one of these players where he is dependable. When he first came in from Southampton he played on the right-hand side, and then Mo Salah came in and Sadio Mane got shifted into a left-hand side position, then [Luis] Diaz came in and he got shifted into a centre-forward. “He just plays all the positions incredibly well, and I understand I am going to be in the minority but €30million (£25.65m) to me seems a little bit cheap. “This is, I wouldn’t say worrying times, but they think they are really going places, which they are under Jurgen Klopp but to lose Sadio Mane, I think it could be a bit of a big blow.” If Liverpool are forced to replace Mane, they could revisit two former transfer targets and do already have Diogo Jota, Roberto Firmino and Luis Diaz at the club alongside Salah. He will however be a big miss, as Mane has won every possible trophy with the Reds and scored 90 Premier League goals in 196 appearances since his move from Southampton in 2016. After Mane teased that he would reveal a decision on his future after the Champions League final, which Liverpool lost 1-0 to Real Madrid, he has been strongly linked with Bayern Munich who reportedly have made a first offer for the 30-year-old. Salah meanwhile has revealed that he will be playing for Liverpool next season, but refused to confirm whether he would extend his contract at Anfield.