Broadcaster Richard Keys has slammed Paul Pogba as a ‘virus’ after the Frenchman complained that former club Manchester United “didn’t care” about how he felt as he overcame an injury towards the end of his time at the club. The midfielder also suggested that the Red Devils offered him “nothing” during discussions over a new contract. Pogba will leave United at the end of June after failing to agree a new deal with the club. That is despite them making at least one proposal to the 29-year-old. The France international has not held back in a new documentary that details the final few months of his career with the Premier League side. In ‘The Pogmentary’, Pogba accuses United of making a derisory contract offer and of not helping him while he was injured last season. But journalist Keys believes Pogba was a ‘virus’ and that United are ‘well rid’ of the player. He also claims former United boss Jose Mourinho had told him about alleged rows he had with Pogba. JUST IN: Gary Neville responds to Paul Pogba slamming Man Utd Keys, who is BeIN Sport’s lead presenter, raged on Twitter: “I doubt there’s anything in the Pogmentary that will persuade me that Pogba isn’t a virus & United are well rid of him. £300,000 per week - nothing? Didn’t feel loved? Please. Mourinho told me about his rows & there’s only one side to take.” Pogba’s relationship with his late former agent Mino Raiola features prominently in the documentary. Discussing his client’s future, Raiola tells Pogba that United “absolutely” want to extend his contract beyond the summer. The former Juventus star is then seen on his own talking to cameras. He says: "It's all for the players. They have to feel important in their clubs. And they have to feel important in their teams. If you don't have that, it's over." DON'T MISS...Ronaldo could be set for Mourinho reunion after Man Utd quit decisionTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for AntonyMan Utd boss Ten Hag told when target Nkunku will be 'on the market' Back in discussion with Raiola, Pogba adds: "To be in a project that I'm involved. Here (at United), I came back from injury, they didn't help me, they didn't care how I was feeling so I had to go to the national team to get my confidence back." Later in the documentary, Raiola appears to inform Pogba of a contract offer from the 20-times English champions. But Pogba, who played in 20 Premier League matches last season, insists the offer is “nothing”. Juventus are believed to be close to agreeing a contract with Pogba, six years after the Serie A club received £89million from United for his services. He made 232 appearances across two spells at Old Trafford, and missed the final five matches of last season with an injury. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here