Neil Dubnyckyj, a carpet shop owner from Scunthorpe, was initially fined £35 after he left his motorhome parked illegally when he visited the East Coast in October 2021 with his grandson. The driver admitted he was wrong but refused to pay the full fine as he already paid £8 for a parking ticket. Instead, Mr Dubnyckyj offered to pay £27. Unfortunately for him, the East Lindsey District Council did not like the idea and doubled the fine to £70. Mr Dubnyckyj then responded to the council saying that he would rather go to jail before paying. He told LincolnshireLive: “On my 65th birthday on October 9, I took it upon myself to get my motorhome out and go to Skegness with my grandson. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £160 from today for straying into cycle lanes “We got to Skegness at around noon and we started to get hungry. "We could not find anywhere to park [at first] so we parked on this wasteland area, and I paid £8 [on the pay and display]. “We went out and had lunch and came back and got a £35 fine - which was fine, I had made a mistake. "I paid the £27 difference because they had already had the £8." DON'T MISS Driving a fuel car will be 'unimaginably difficult' after 2030 ban [REVEAL] Volkswagen to overtake Tesla for electric vehicle sales crown [INSIGHT] Major car tax changes needed or drivers will risk 'implications' [WARNING] Mr Dubnyckyj added: "It has now become a matter of principle. “Had I not paid the £8 I still would have got a £35 fine. "I thought there is no way I will pay it. “I will go to court and go to jail before I pay it. READ MORE: Drivers to ditch diesel cars amid the rising fuel prices "They've already had their £8." A letter addressed to Mr Dubnyckyj from the adjudicator, said his argument is "misconceived." It read: "The payment of £8 he made was for a pay and display ticket for the car park; it was not payment of the penalty charge. “Mr D cannot offset the payment for that ticket against the penalty charge, notwithstanding that purchasing the ticket was redundant because he not permitted to park his campervan in the car park. "He should not have paid the £8 for a pay and display ticket because he was not entitled to park his campervan there. “Mr D's mistake does not entitle him to transfer that payment to the penalty charge." A spokesman for East Lindsey District Council said the matter had been passed on to an external body as part of the appeal process. Express.co.uk has contacted East Lindsey District Council for further comment.