Cristiano Ronaldo has pledged to work with new Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag and put the Red Devils back amongst titles and trophies. The veteran striker, 37, has 12 months left on his deal at Old Trafford with an option to extend another year. His future has been called into question despite a 24-goal season, with United stuck outside of the Champions League next season. Ronaldo is the highest goalscorer in the competition's history and has only a few years left to extend his stellar record. But the club legend insists he is going to stick around to help Ten Hag put the club back where it belongs. “I am still very happy to be here and I believe that Manchester United will be where they belong,” he said. “Sometimes it takes time but I still believe.” United have gone five years without silverware with the Europa League under Jose Mourinho in 2017 their last trophy. This season they finished sixth in the table, fully 35 points adrift of champions Manchester City. Ten Hag has already started to move the pieces on his board but Ronaldo insists that he will need time and patience to effect real change. “I know he did a fantastic job for Ajax and that he is an experienced coach. But we need to give him time,” said the striker. “I hope we have success of course because if we have success all Manchester are going to have success as well. So I wish him the best. We are happy and excited not only as the players but the supporters as well. MORE MAN UTD NEWS...Man Utd have six sweeteners if Darwin Nunez swap deal consideredManchester United sent subtle Frenkie de Jong message by BarcelonaMan Utd players snub Cristiano Ronaldo when it comes to winning award “I wish him the best and let’s believe that next year we are going to win trophies.” Ten Hag said upon his Old Trafford: “I want to win. Winning is the most important, but also I have the intention to do that in a certain way and in an attacking way. “If we cannot do it like that, we still have to win. That is what we have to put in our team. I’m convinced that we can bring in the structures and the way of play that we want. If we get that done, we get that communicated to the players then we will get that success.” On working with Ronaldo, Ten Hag insisted when what the Portuguese can bring to his team: “Goals.” Asked if the ex-Real Madrid striker will be a part of his plans, the Dutchman added: “Of course.”