Valencia star Carlos Soler looks set to be on the market this summer after incoming manager Gennaro Gattuso sanctioned his sale, according to reports in Spain. Liverpool have been linked with the Spain international as Jurgen Klopp looks to bolster his midfield. After parting ways with Jose Bordelas last week, Valencia are expected to announce Gattuso as their new manager in the coming days. The former AC Milan and Napoli boss has signed a two-year contract at the Mestalla, and his arrival seemingly spells the end for Soler. According to Diario AS, via Mundo Deportivo, Gattuso agrees with Valencia that it's the correct time to cash in on Soler. The La Liga outfit plan to offload him for £34.1million (€40m) to prevent the risk of a free transfer away when his contract expires in 2023. A stay in Spain could be on the cards; the report names Atletico Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus as Soler's suitors. But Atletico will likely need to raise funds through player sales to afford him, while Barcelona are suffering their own financial woes and also need to sell stars. JUST IN: Gareth Bale doubted by Premier League icon ahead of potential return And Liverpool are understood to be in the running, with Klopp keen to freshen up his ageing midfield while improving his attacking depth. Soler operates as a creative midfielder but can also feature on the wing, scoring 33 goals in 213 career appearances for Valencia since joining at the age of eight. He has flourished into an excellent player over the last 18 months, netting 22 of those strikes in that period, and his form earned a debut in Luis Enrique's Spain side last August. Liverpool could be eyeing him to fill the void Sadio Mane is certain to leave behind if he seals a move away from Anfield. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag backed to take Man Utd back into Champions League Jurgen Klopp boasts a golden recent track record when it comes to signing attacking players. Diogo Jota has shone as a striker since joining from Wolves in the summer of 2020, and Luis Diaz made a sensational start to life at Anfield after his January move from FC Porto. While Diaz's capture would have come out of the summer budget, Klopp will undoubtedly want to bolster his squad further after narrowly missing out on a quadruple last season. And Liverpool could secure their latest coup if they can beat the traffic to Soler's services after Gattuso's arrival. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.