Angela Rippon, 77, was appointed an OBE (Officer of the Order of the British Empire) in the 2004 Birthday Honours and was presented the prestigious award by the Queen. As the Platinum Jubilee gets closer Angela has taken the time to reflect on their meeting at the Windsor Horse Show and how royal protocol was broken. Angela recalled meeting the Queen in a recent interview, as she was asked about her memories with the Royal family. She said: "My favourite memory of the Queen is at the Windsor Horse Show when an American friend of mine broke protocol, instigating a conversation with her. "My friend instigated a conversation with the Queen and said ‘Your Majesty I saw you this morning with the horse drawn carriages’. "It was wonderful to see the Queen’s face light up," Angela recalled. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie She went on: "It was ‘wind her up and let her go’, she couldn’t stop talking about something which is a passion of hers. "She told us everything she knew about the horses, carriages, training and the joy and exhilaration of competing. "It was lovely to see the Queen being herself and talking with genuine knowledge, enthusiasm and pleasure about something," Angela added. She continued to the Alzheimer’s Society: "It was as if somehow the mantle of royalty had dropped away and there she was, a carriage driving enthusiast." Angela has a strong involvement with the Alzheimer's Society and has done so since her mother was diagnosed with dementia in 2004. Speaking about her mother, Angela told Express.co.uk: "My late mother Edna, was diagnosed with vascular dementia back in 2003 or 2004, after my father's sudden death from a massive heart attack. "At that time I knew very little about dementia, and I realised I needed a bit of help because I was going to be her primary carer right at the beginning. "So I rang the Alzheimer's society, asked them for some help and advice and they were very, very supportive and since then I have felt that I wanted to give something back to them." DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [INSIGHT] Christie Brinkley, 68, flaunts her ageless appearance and toned pins [PICS] Bradley Cooper unrecognisable as he plays play Leonard Bernstein [NETFLIX] Due to this, she has had a strong involvement with the Alzheimer's Society for which she is an ambassador. For her work she received a CBE (Commander of the Order of the British Empire) in 2017 for her services to dementia care. She is also the co-chair of the Dementia Friendly Communities Champion Group as part of the Prime Minister's Challenge on Dementia. Angela also made a documentary with the BBC titled Dementia where she investigated Alzheimer's disease, furthering her knowledge. She said: "When I was making the documentary for the BBC about dementia, I was given the privilege of going to the national brain bank in Queens Square here in London and they allowed me with one of the clinicians to look at two brains that had been donated for research. "One was a perfectly healthy brain and it was painted with fat, it was heavy and then next to it was a brain from someone who had died with dementia. "When we sliced into the dementia brain, it was like having a slice of black lace because this was where the cells had died, there were just holes and they were not replenished. "And that is what dementia is. It's not just having a funny turn or being a bit forgetful. "Dementia is a serious disease of the brain. It takes away someone's personality. It doesn't just take away their memory. It takes away so many other things," the star explained. Join Angela and support people affected by dementia by wearing your Forget Me Not badge and help to fund life-changing dementia support by Alzheimer’s Society. Visit alzheimers.org.uk/forgetmenot for more information.