Phil, a businessman from Nottinghamshire, had a difficult year - first coping with cancer treatment, and then being subjected to a cruel scam. On BBC’s Dirty Rotten Scammers this morning, Phil explained his situation and how these scammers deceived him. Phil received an email from who he thought was Amazon, informing him that his account was about to be suspended and that he should call them as soon as possible. However when he contacted them, he was connected to a man from the National Crime Agency (NCA). Phil was terrified as he thought he called Amazon about an account issue and suddenly he found he was allegedly talking to the NCA. However things took a turn when he was asked to check his account. Phil discovered some unrecognised transactions in his account totalling over £50,000. READ MORE: State pension POLL: Do you think you can afford to retire by state pension age? They convinced Phil not to be a victim but a hero. They asked him to help them snare fraudsters. Crippled with fear, Phil allowed who he thought was the NCA to move money through his account believing he was helping them catch criminals. Over the next few weeks, they used Phils account to make various transactions and withdrawals. He said: “I thought it was strange but then again it’s a Government department and they work in mysterious ways.” It was only when he went to pay some suppliers for his business, that he discovered something alarming. He found that his account was frozen which made him suspicious. Phil contacted the NCA directly and found that this whole thing was a scam. He gave them the ID number and name of the person he had spoken to however the NCA employee said that person did not work for the NCA. They advised him to immediately contact Action Fraud. Phil said: “I got quite emotional I must admit. I sat there and cried my eyes out.” Phil had been scammed out of £18,000 across his personal and business account. The shows’ ethical hackers found that initially, when Phil thought he was helping the NCA, he had downloaded an app that gave the hackers remote access to his devices. Phil continued: “I just didn’t realise. When this experience happened I realised they knew far more about me than I ever thought. “Maybe I dismiss things too lightly.” Dirty Rotten Scammers continues tomorrow at 10am on BBC One.