Omid Scobie, royal executive editor for Yahoo News and o-author of the book Finding Freedom, said that the monarch's advanced age presented challenges for Buckingham Palace staff with other members of the Royal Family performing some of her duties in the lead up to the festive weekend. However, the royal expert argued that despite Her Majesty's recent mobility difficulties her presence at the Jubilee was essential as there was no "stand in" for her.  Mr Scobie said: "At the height of health concerns about the Queen a few months ago, I remember palace aides fearing she may not be able to attend any of the Jubilee events. "At 96 years old, her full-time role as sovereign has presented new challenges, with other royals now picking up some of her more physically demanding duties while she continues work from Windsor Castle. "But there could be no stand-in at the Platinum Jubilee." Mr Scobie also argued that the Platinum Jubilee was a great success with the monarch ensuring that she was able to attend at least some events and the focus being on her rather than other less popular members of the firm.   He said: "Regardless of how they may feel about the British Royal Family, the longevity of the Queen’s 70-year reign has led to deep national affection for the monarch and why so many wanted to see her. "It's what made her presence so necessary during the holiday weekend. "In the weeks building up, we saw the Queen push herself as she made herself available for pre-jubilee engagements, despite the challenges of old age and uncomfortable mobility issues. "Even behind the scenes, the monarch gave it her all, sitting for a symbolic portrait photograph (spot the King Charles II statue in the background?) and working with a film crew to create an unforgettable skit with Paddington Bear. READ MORE: Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen  "Seventy years on and Her Majesty—marmalade sandwich in hand—proved she still has the power to surprise. "Previous jubilees, particularly with newlyweds William and Kate in 2012, were not only celebrations of the monarch but also the institution of the monarchy itself. "This time, perhaps due to the increasingly divided opinions of the royal establishment in 2022 (and its declining popularity amongst young people), the focus was wisely kept on Queen Elizabeth II’s life and legacy. "As Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in his tribute to the Queen, the jubilee celebrated 'not the institution of the Crown but the individual who wears it'. DON'T MISS: Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's plane forced to U-turn [REVEAL] Louis and Harry's similarities shine through [INSIGHT] Queen met Lilibet privately more than once as Sussexes ease tensions [SPOTLIGHT]  "Even tabloid drama was kept at bay. A positive COVID-19 test took care of Prince Andrew’s eagerness to facilitate a comeback moment during the events. "And Prince Harry and Meghan’s presence at two engagements quietly came (to cheers) and went. "Their private moments with the Queen, who met great-granddaughter Lilibet on more than one occasion, were kept exactly that. "Though other members of the Royal Family continue to enjoy public interest (it’s fair to say Prince Louis became a star in his own right this past week, his playful antics receiving more social media attention than all but the Queen), jubilee events without the monarch ended up falling a little flat at times. "Intervals that served as countdowns to sightings of a woman who is still the star of the Windsor show." 