Britain got to bask in glorious sunshine this week with temperatures soaring above 30 degrees in some places. And, while this might be the perfect time to drive down to the beach, drivers have been warned about a specific type of clothing that they should be carefully wearing while operating a vehicle. When embarking on an adventure during summer heatwaves, many motorists choose to wear comfortable clothing. This might include flowy trousers, baggy jeans, or summer dresses. However, motoring experts have now warned that drivers should not put comfort over safety. This will not only guarantee reaching the getaway destination safely but could also prevent drivers from being slapped with a £5,000 fine. READ MORE: Drivers urged to check their sunglasses for a specific number Currently, a driver who is found wearing inappropriate clothing that could restrict manoeuvring can face on-the-spot fines of £100 plus three penalty points. However, these fines can increase to £5,000 plus nine penalty points and even a driving ban if the case is taken to court. This is because of Rule 97 of the Highway Code. Rule 97 of the Highway Code states: "The clothing and footwear you choose to wear whilst you are driving must not prevent you from using the controls in the correct manner." DON'T MISS Drivers urged to follow a simple fuel-saving trick to save hundreds [REVEAL] Electric cars should be taxed but only through a ‘fair system’ [INSIGHT] Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption [REVEAL] If clothes are too baggy they could get tangled on the brake or clutch pedals. And, if that leads to an accident, motorists can be charged by police with careless driving and face huge fines. The also applies to summer dresses. Maxi dresses might make motorists look beach-ready but when driving they could get caught underneath the pedals or restrict the use of them leading to a nasty accident. Other items that drivers should avoid wearing while driving include flip-flops, high heels, slippers, and sunglasses with too dark lenses or chunky frames. While sunglasses are an essential eye protection accessory, some styles can restrict vision while driving. For instance, some lenses might be tinted too dark and restrict daylight vision on the road. Additionally, bulky frames can cause a blind spot, so drivers have been advised to test them out first or stick to using just the built-in car sun visors. When it comes to acceptable shoes the rules are also quite specific. Shoes with a sole that’s less than 10mm thick are considered “unsafe” to drive in. Motorists have, therefore, been advised to use driving shoes and change to flip-flops on the beach. High-heels are also not the most practical shoes when it comes to driving. Around 40 percent of women admitted to driving in high heels. However, high heels are not practical for pushing down the pedals as the heel can get wedged underneath preventing drivers from pushing it all the way down which is vital when breaking in an emergency. Richard Owen-Hughes, Marketing Director at Driver Hire Training, said: “Drivers should make conscious decisions to wear clothing and shoes that aren’t at risk of endangering themselves or those around them. "Whilst it may be tempting to be in cooler shoes during the heatwave, we advise drivers to make use of other cooling systems in the vehicle to make the drive more enjoyable and safe.”