Her Majesty carried out one of the main engagements of her annual Holyrood Week this morning, as she met Ms Sturgeon. In a picture taken during their meeting, the Queen looked intently at the First Minister while they were shaking hands. For the private audience, the monarch donned a bright blue, pink and white dress with a floral pattern. She paired her outfit with her signature pearl earrings and necklace and wore a pair of glasses. In the snap released, the Queen was not seen standing using the support of a light walking stick, as she had done during multiple recent public appearances. The monarch also appeared to have a purple discolouration on the back of her hand, which sparked the concern of some royal watchers. For the royal audience, Ms Sturgeon donned a bright pink outfit. The Queen's meeting with the First Minister came only hours after Ms Sturgeon pushed on with her plans to hold a second independence referendum and proposed a date for when it should be held - October 19 2023. Speaking to MSPs in Holyrood, the First Minister said the question would be the same posed in 2014, when Scotland voted for the first time about possibly breaking away from the union. The question asked to voters would be: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan finally breaks silence on 'anger' at US The Scottish leader informed MSPs she had asked in written form Prime Minister Boris Johnson for formal consent to carry out the vote. However, Ms Sturgeon added, she would press on with her plan even if Westminster did not grant the permission to hold a new independence referendum. However, this vote, she continued, would need to be "indisputably lawful" and constitutional, and the Supreme Court would be asked to rule on whether the Scottish Government has the power to hold a vote without the UK Government's approval. The Westminster Government replied saying it would examine the proposal by the SNP leader, but stressed its position on now not being the time for another referendum on Scotland's independence has not changed. It also said it is "clear" the constitution is reserved for Westminster. Mr Johnson, who is today attending a NATO summit in Spain, said: "We'll study it very carefully and respond properly. "I think the focus of the country should be building a stronger economy. "That's what we're doing. I certainly think that we'll have a stronger economy and a stronger country together." HAVE YOUR SAY: Should Boris Johnson let Sturgeon have a second IndyRef? Ms Sturgeon's meeting with the Queen marks the latest engagement carried out by the sovereign in Scotland. The monarch traditionally carries out every year a week of visits north of the border, to meet locals, entrepreneurs and charity leaders. The Holyrood Week, as it is normally known, takes place across the end of June and the first days of July. Last year, the monarch was supported in her visits by Prince William and Princess Anne. This year, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward have been carrying out engagements in Scotland during Holywood Week. On Tuesday, the pair - known as the Earl and Countess of Forfar when in Scotland - were in Moray to meet community organisations, volunteers and young people across the region. Princess Anne is also in Scotland, and on Tuesday she led an investiture ceremony at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. Among the people awarded, there was Paralympics champion Owen Miller, who received an MBE for services to athletics. On June 27, when the Royal Scottish week began, the monarch took part in the Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh. During this ancient ritual, the monarch is offered the keys of the city of Edinburgh - which the Queen swiftly returns saying "they cannot be placed in better hands than those of the Lord Provost and Councillors of my good City of Edinburgh". On Tuesday, the monarch presented John Wallace - an internationally renowned Scottish trumpet soloist - with The Queen’s Medal for Music 2021.