Manchester United's squad have snubbed Cristiano Ronaldo and voted David De Gea as the Players' Player of the season. The Spain international has won the award for the fourth time over the past decade. And that comes after a fine campaign where he kept Dean Henderson at bay and regained his mojo, having previously struggled for consistency. Ronaldo scored 24 goals for Manchester United in his first season back at Old Trafford after returning from Juventus in the summer. But the club have now announced De Gea as the players’ best player this season instead. “The Manchester United squad has crowned David De Gea as the Players’ Player of the Year for 2021/22, following a season in which the Spaniard performed consistently and produced many sublime saves,” they said on their official website. “In what has been a tough campaign for our first team, the 31-year-old played every single minute of Premier League action and was regularly on hand to save his side. “De Gea accumulated a total of seven Man-of-the-Match awards during the campaign, with only Cristiano Ronaldo having claimed as many. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “The Spaniard also earned our Player-of-the-Month award for November, December and January. “The Players' Player award is viewed as a significant mark of respect from your team-mates and David should be proud of his efforts throughout 2021/22.” De Gea has now won the award for the fourth time. He first received the honour in 2014, having been a shining light during the David Moyes era. It was a similar story 12 months later, too, with the veteran flourishing under Louis van Gaal. And De Gea last won the award in 2018, having impressed as the club finished second in the Premier League table. Other winners over the years include Ronaldo, who won it in 2007 and 2009. And Ryan Giggs, Nemanja Vidic, Wayne Rooney, Nani, Antonio Valencia (x2), Michael Carrick, Chris Smalling, Luke Shaw and Anthony Martial also won it during their spells at Old Trafford. Meanwhile, regarding Ronaldo, the 37-year-old has opened up on the appointment of Erik ten Hag as manager. The Dutchman has arrived from Ajax, where he won three league titles. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Ronaldo has insisted United ‘will be back’ despite the big rebuild that awaits Ten Hag. “The records [are] coming in a natural way,” he said. “I don’t follow the records, but the records follow me so it’s good. “It’s still my motivation to carry on working hard, to still love the passion for the game, and of course Manchester and my teammates help me all the way so I have to appreciate all the people who help Cristiano. “It’s always nice to score goals for this club. When it is a hat trick it’s even more [nice]. “But the most important thing for me is to try to win the games and try to win some championship or some cup but I believe that Manchester will be where they belong. Sometimes it takes time, but I still believe.”