The Duchess of Sussex was accused of "bullying" Palace staff during her time as a working royal. Now, Buckingham Palace has completed its investigation into the accusations but will not be releasing any details from the report.  The revelation has caused Sussex fans to call on the firm to release the findings, which they say will show no evidence Meghan bullied staff.  One fan, Sussex_Archive, wrote on Twitter: "They aren't releasing anything because they have nothing if they had the tiniest thing against Meghan that would make her look bad they would have revealed it by now."  Royal expert Omid Scobie said: "Treasurer to the Queen, Sir Michael Stevens, also today briefed reporters on the palace's decision to not release the findings of their inquiry into the handling of bullying allegations made against Meghan".  He said that "in some cases" the news has "overshadowed coverage on royal spending" after the Sovereign Grant report from the last financial year was published on Thursday.  Meghan was accused of bullying staff at the Palace before she quit the firm as a working royal and moved to California with Prince Harry. An investigation was subsequently launched which led to the Palace “improving the policies and procedures” in its HR department, according to royal sources. The findings from the inquiry - which was paid for privately by the Queen - will never be published. It is understood they will be kept secret in an attempt to prevent stoking tension between the Sussexes and the Palace, as well as ensure the anonymity of those who took part. READ MORE: Princess Anne delights Scottish fans as she turns up for yearly visit Courtiers have insisted the inquiry, which was launched in March last year, should “not be played out in public” to ensure those who took part feel “comfortable”. It's understood that only "four or five" former members of the Sussexes' team were spoken to as part of the investigation. The couple were said to have had around 25 people working for them at times but nothing has been heard from those involved in the allegations since last summer. Two senior staff accused Meghan of bullying them while another former employee said she "humiliated" them. DON'T MISS: Archie had 'very special' reunion with Prince Charles [INSIGHT]GMB fans hit back as guest slams Royal spending 'They help more!' [COMMENT]Royal LIVE: Details of Harry and Meghan's trip to England laid bare [ANALYSIS] Another aide said she used "emotional cruelty and manipulation, which could also be called bullying". The HR changes made in the royal household were expected to be published in the annual Sovereign Grant report later this month. However, the Palace will not publish these changes which have been brought in by the investigation and has no plans to make a public statement, according to The Sunday Times. Harry and Meghan were not invited to take part in the inquiry, but Meghan’s solicitor, Jenny Afia, gave an interview to the BBC last year rebutting the claims. She said: "What bullying actually means is improperly using power repeatedly and deliberately to hurt someone, physically or emotionally. The Duchess of Sussex absolutely denies ever doing that. Knowing her as I do I can’t believe she would ever do that.” 