House prices finally begin to slow as the market finally reaches what could be a turning point after nearly two years of unprecedented growth. The Halifax House Price Index released this morning has found that annual price rises eased to 10.5 percent in May, the slowest pace since January, when it was 9.7 percent. The average price of a house rose by one percent, or £2,857, between April and May to £289,099 - yet another record high. Northern Ireland came out on top in May for annual house price inflation, with home prices rise by 15.2 percent to an average of £185,386. The South West came second with a strong annual growth rate of 14.5 percent, making the average home £305,173. In Wales, which has seen considerable price rises over the last two years, house prices have risen by 13.7 percent, and the average cost of a home is £216,120. READ MORE: House prices: Just one major UK city has falling house prices The findings show that despite the raging cost of living crisis, Brits are still absolutely determined to move homes and secure properties at high prices. Russell Galley, Managing Director, Halifax, said the findings are encouraging for those looking to get on the ladder, and indicate the start of a slow down in the housing market. He said: “Mortgage activity has started to come down and, coupled with the inflationary pressures currently exerted on household budgets, it’s likely activity will start to slow. “So, there is perhaps one green shot for prospective purchasers, with overall buying demand down compared to last year, we may be past the peak sellers’ market.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Unfortunately, a slow down doesn’t mean that current prices are likely to go down anytime soon according to housing experts. Amanda Aumonier, Head of Mortgage Operations at online mortgage broker Trussle, said: “Whilst we continue to see an increase in house prices, it is important to note that the level of growth we have experienced over the last two years is beginning to slow, with a modest increase in May of one percent. “Additionally, the Bank of England has revealed a significant 5.1 percent decline in the number of UK mortgages approved in April, compared to March this year, signalling a waver in demand.” DON'T MISSDad 'eats stale bread' so his children can have proper food [REPORT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘super cheap’ way to clean washing machine drawer [EXPLAINER]Property market showing ‘signs of cooling’ despite rising prices [INSIGHT] Director of Henry Dannell, Geoff Garrett, said that despite slowing buyer demand, wider issues in the market could still keep prices high. He said: “A slower rate of house price growth is always likely to follow a reduction in buyer demand and that’s certainly what we’re now seeing following a dip in mortgage approval activity at the start of the year. “Buyers are acting with more caution with regard to the sums they are willing to borrow and, at the same time, lenders are reducing their range of products and increasing the rates they are prepared to offer. “However, it remains to be seen as to whether this more tentative approach will reverse upward house price trends completely, as insufficient stock remains an issue in the current market.” James Forrester, Managing Director of Barrows and Forrester, said a crash that could mean dropping prices is highly unlikely in such an overperforming market, meaning buyers will continue to wrangle for inflated homes. He said: “Any mutterings of a property market crash have been greatly exaggerated. “The UK property market has remained impervious to the dark clouds that have been gathering over the wider economy in recent months. “While many will be struggling with the increased cost of living, the hard task of saving is nothing new for the nation’s aspirational homebuyers who continue to swamp the market while the cost of borrowing remains very favourable.”