Arsenal are reportedly set to sew up their first signing of the summer within the next 10 days. A deal for Sao Paulo youngster Marquinhos has thrown up complications, and more could be on the way, but the Gunners are supposedly closing in as the Brazilian outfit rue a contract mishap that could have seen them bank considerably more from the sale. Marquinhos broke into the Sao Paulo first team last year and has caught the eye since. At 19-years-old, Arsenal are looking to introduce him to a growing pool of young wide-men, and the Brazilian teenager could be the one to provide extra cutting edge. Expectations must be tempered given that the fee is believed to be around £3million, which is not exactly groundbreaking, but a deep dive from Brazilian outlet Globo Esporte reveals that Sao Paulo are only set to let him go on the cheap because of a contract mishap that could have seen him leave for free. The report adds that Arsenal are set to complete the signing within the next 10 days, and should have everything in place by the time the summer window officially opens on June 10. JUST IN: Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'plot two medicals', Salah favours Prem move, Tottenham latest Complications could arise down the line as Wolves have supposedly threatened to take legal action against the Gunners. They believe that a pre-agreement deal with Marquinhos had already been struck, and that he has unfairly been steered away from Molineux. Whoever lands the youngster, and it certainly looks more likely to be Arsenal at this stage, will get their hands on a promising talent in a move with few downsides. Given the minimal fee it is no wonder that Sao Paulo hold 'regrets' over how the deal has panned out, and the Gunners could be the one to benefit from his future re-sale value. DON'T MISS: Man Utd transfer target Arnaut Danjuma confirms Liverpool interest and hints he wants move  They may benefit from his on-pitch ability too. Marquinhos is yet to demonstrate that he can put up serious numbers in senior football, but he already has four goals to his name, and onlookers have spoken about his directness and versatility across the front-line. The latter element is important, given that Mikel Arteta seems to value players who can fill in across multiple positions. Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus is supposedly in the Gunners' crosshairs this summer, and he too can feature as comfortably out wide as through the middle.  Although regular first-team minutes may be hard to come by during Marquinhos' first season, Gabriel Martinelli showed that a relative unknown will be given chances if they make an instant impact. Emile Smith Rowe, Bukayo Saka and Martinelli have all stated strong cases to start on either flank, but there could be space for a fourth candidate based on the notion that Reiss Nelson and Nicolas Pepe will leave north London this summer. With comparisons between Marquinhos and Martinelli already pouring in, Arsenal fans may be quietly optimistic about the incoming star. The latter was unearthed from the Brazilian fourth division in 2019 and has since scored 18 goals for the Gunners.