Manchester United reportedly think they can sign Frenkie de Jong for lower than Barcelona’s asking price. The Netherlands international previously played under Erik ten Hag at Ajax. And the pair could reunite at Old Trafford, particularly in the wake of Paul Pogba’s confirmed exit. Manchester United announced on Wednesday that Pogba would be leaving the club after six underwhelming years. He joins Nemanja Matic in heading out the door, with the Serbia international linked with a move to Roma - who are currently managed by old boss Jose Mourinho. United’s interest in De Jong has become well-documented in recent weeks, despite the midfielder himself insisting he’d love to stay at Barcelona. Now, The Sun say the Red Devils are confident they can land the 25-year-old on the cheap. It’s stated Barcelona want a minimum of £67million to part ways with the player, who arrived from Ajax just three years ago. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Yet United, for their part, believe they can strike a deal in the region of £50m instead. That would make De Jong a bargain, especially given his immense quality and potential to get even better in the future. He arrive from Ajax in 2019 with high hopes after dazzling under Ten Hag, helping the Dutch giants reach the semi-finals of the Champions League that year. But he’s blown hot and cold under managers Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi during his spell at the Nou Camp. Despite that, Ten Hag thinks he can coax the best from De Jong over at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And he’s not the only player on United’s radar as they gear up for a summer spending spree. In defence, Jurrien Timber is in their sights even if he’s indicated he’s more than happy to remain at Ajax at the current moment in time. Pau Torres is also being looked at, 12 months after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was interested in landing the Villarreal star. A surprising move for N’Golo Kante is being considered, even if there are some concerns the Chelsea star is past his best. And, up top, United are keeping tabs on Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz If De Jong does move to England, he’ll become the ninth player to play for both the Red Devils and Barcelona. Henrik Larsson, Mark Hughes, Laurent Blanc, Jordi Cruyff, Gerard Pique, Victor Valdes, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Alexis Sanchez have turned out for both teams. And with the summer transfer window creeping closer, this looks like a saga that will roll on and on. Speaking earlier in the week, when quizzed on his future, De Jong said: "Barcelona is just my dream club. Also from a young age. I just said it too. “I’ve never regretted my choice despite the fact that I had hoped for more in terms of prizes than I've achieved so far. But I have never regretted my choice.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he added: "What I'm saying, there is absolutely nothing of an agreement or anything official. At the moment there is no question of it at all. "Not that I know of in any case. Or they must not have told me, but I don't think so." United have a good record with Dutch players. Though Donny van de Beek hasn’t set the world alight, like Memphis Depay before him, Daley Blind was a solid presence during his time at the club. And United saw Ruud van Nistelrooy, Edwin van der Sar and Robin van Persie shine when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost.