The Marvel universe just got bigger with the eagerly awaited Ms Marvel series arriving this week to streaming platform Disney Plus. Ms Marvel also marks the first Muslim superhero for the comic book franchise to appear on Disney Plus. Express.co.uk takes a look at the episode count and when episodes will be dropping for the new series. Ms Marvel will start airing on June 8 with the series opener hitting the platform across the globe at the same time, which is expected to be 8am BST. There is a total of six episodes in Ms Marvel, which will be dropping on a weekly basis on Disney Plus rather than a mass drop. Compared to other streaming platforms such as Netflix, Disney Plus usually does linear releases with instalments each week. Episodes have been directed by Adil El Arbi & Bilall Fallah, Meera Menon, and Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, while Bisha K. Ali serves as the head writer on the show. Here is a list of episodes from Ms Marvel season 1: Ms Marvel follows Kamala Khan (played by Iman Vellani), a teen living in Jersey City trying to fit in both at school and at home. The Muslim American high school student is an avid gamer, active fan fiction writer and loves superheroes, idolising Captain Marvel. From family drama to boy troubles, Kamala won’t have things easy - especially after she discovers she has superpowers. Her newfound abilities will add another twist to the tale as she soon finds outside agencies investigating her while fighting villains. READ MORE: Ms Marvel: Release time, cast and how to watch Disney Plus series Vellani was cast back in 2020 with executive producer Kevin Feige breaking the news to the Canadian newcomer over a Zoom call. Filming on Ms Marvel wrapped on June 3, 2021 with director El Arbi posting a selfie on Instagram, which he captioned: “Jumu3a Mubarak!!! Last shooting day for us on Ms. Marvel. “Working with legendary producer Kevin Feige has been a blast! Merci frerooo! Shokran to the producers Sana Amanat & Jenna Berger, the writers, the whole crew and cast! “You are family FOR LIFE! Stay tuned for the end of year insha Allah. Good luck to @sharmeenobaidchinoy with her episodes Al Hamdoulillah #msmarvel #drarriesunited.” DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry's Jubilee appearance sparks uproar 'No more!' [VIEWER REACTION]Neighbours theory: Double exit rocks Ramsay Street in deadly twist [ANALYSIS]Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting [UPDATE] Speaking in a behind-the-scenes video, actress Vellani said: “Kamala is this passionate, creative high school kid. She’s also such a huge fan of Captain Marvel.” “Kamala Khan has these superpowers. She discovers she can manifest light. But being a super hero but is not quite as simple.” The star added: “Despite her super powers, she has a strong heart.” Vellani reflected on taking on such a groundbreaking role, saying: “I can’t even put into words how cool this is. It’s very… my heart is very full.” Ms Marvel was created back in 2013 when she made her first appearance in the comic Captain Marvel #14 before she got her own series, which was published in February 2014. The first volume of Ms Marvel went on to win a prestigious Hugo Award for best graphic story in 2015. The character was created by writer G. Willow Wilson, artist Adrian Alphona and editor Sana Amanat Amanat told AP in 2013 how the coming-of-age series was born out of a "desire to explore the Muslim-American diaspora from an authentic perspective”. Ms Marvel airs weekly on Disney+ on Wednesdays