After all the hard work going into looking after houseplants, it can be annoying when pests appear. There are a variety of different pests that can infest on houseplants including gnats, spider mites, aphids and mealybugs, and it is important to control them as quickly as possible to prevent them spreading to other plants around the home. Taking notes from TikTok, the team at Essential Living have pulled together some tips for getting rid of pests as quickly as possible. The experts said: “Sticking with natural methods is best when it comes to pesticides, and there are many all-natural home remedies that work perfectly well for controlling houseplant pests. “First things first, isolate the infested plant to prevent it from spreading to your other houseplants. “Also, make sure you monitor your other surrounding plants closely for signs of indoor plant pests for three to four weeks. READ MORE: Easy ways to banish ‘pesky’ garden bugs - from garlic to coffee “Deep clean the area where your plants are situated.” The experts recommended cleaning the area using soapy water. For extra precaution, the area can also be sterilised with rubbing alcohol. The experts continued: “Now wash the infested plant with insecticidal soap, or you can use a mild liquid soap, as soap can kill houseplant bugs on contact. DON'T MISS:‘Make straight cuts’ when pruning the instead of slanted - here’s why [EXPERT]‘Handy’ way to water houseplants ‘for up to two weeks’ [EXPLAINER]‘Simple changes’ to make bedrooms feel ‘luxurious’ [COMMENT] “Some contain degreasers and detergents that can harm sensitive plants, therefore be careful with the type you choose. “Try dabbing the soap lightly on your plant before washing fully to double check it won’t cause any harm. “Use alcohol to kill any remaining live bugs. “Use a cotton swab soaked in alcohol and dab it on the bugs to kill and remove them from the plant.” Also, the experts recommended washing the pot and plant tray with soapy water as pests “can easily hide” under the rim of the pot or tray. The pests should be gone by this stage but owners should use long-perm pest control prevention to make sure they don’t reappear. The EssentialLiving experts said: “To make sure you can restore a healthy condition and avoid an infestation going forward, you can treat the plant with neem oil which works as a long-term indoor plant pest control and prevention. “Alternatively, you could use horticultural oil or a hot pepper wax concentrate which can protect up to two weeks per spray. “For flying pests, try using yellow sticky fly traps to capture and kill tiny bugs. “This can prevent them from flying to nearby plants too.” For a larger infestation of indoor flying bugs, the experts suggested using a vacuum cleaner to suck them up. They added: “Get them under control as quickly as possible before they spread even more. “Just be careful not to vacuum your plants in the process.”