Cristiano Ronaldo has encouraged new Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag to put his faith in the club’s youngsters by giving them opportunities with the first team. Ronaldo, whose future at Old Trafford appears closer to a formal resolution, is keen to pass on his vast experience. The 37-year-old superstar was one of the club’s best players last season despite United’s struggles as a whole. The Portuguese forward scored 24 goals in 38 appearances topping the United's scoring charts by a distance. His contributions alone were estimated to have helped the Reds claim 15 points this season so the disappointing season could have been even worse had he been absent. This was recognised by supporters as he claimed the club’s Fans Player of the Year accolade. While Ronaldo did not come through the Manchester United academy - he did join the club when he was just 18-years-old. He therefore understands what is needed for youngsters to thrive at Old Trafford. "I think we should give opportunities to the young generation,” Ronaldo explained to United’s TeamViewer diaries series. “I am in favour that we should give opportunities to the young generation because they will be the future.” However he was also keen to stress that the young players would need to be properly supported while they gain opportunities in the first team. He was keen to emphasise the need to let them play without pressure. “You have to help them as well to put it in the right spots,” he conceded. “The pressure is a lot to play in the Premier League, which I believe is the most difficult league in the world by far. “You have to give them time, you have to give them the opportunity and let them grow in a normal way, without pressure. “But I think we should give opportunities to the young generation,” he added. With over 1,100 professional appearances and over 800 career goals to his name, Ronaldo is perhaps the most experienced footballer still playing at the highest level. There is therefore no one better for United’s youngsters to learn from. The forward is keen to offer his help in any way he can. “If the kids ask me for advice, I will give my opinion and advice of course,” he explained. “Because I want to help.” With the Old Trafford side's on field troubles it is unsurprising that Ronaldo has been linked with a move away from the club. Manchester United fans will monitor the transfer window closely in the hope that their fan favourite does not depart the club.