Manchester United icon David Beckham has failed with a sensational attempt to take unsettled forward Cristiano Ronaldo to Inter Miami this summer. Ronaldo is growing increasingly concerned over United's lack of transfer activity on the back of their worst-ever Premier League campaign. And Beckham, who co-owns the Miami-based franchise, tried 'luring' Ronaldo to the MLS amid his discontent at Old Trafford, the Star report. He explored the possibility of securing the biggest signing in MLS history and boosting Inter Miami's brand but has been unsuccessful in his attempts. Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes has been offering him to clubs across Europe, holding talks with Chelsea owner Todd Boehly and Bayern Munich. However, it is understood he snubbed the opportunity to join Beckham in Florida after being told by United that he wasn't for sale. The 37-year-old is desperate for his ambition to be matched after a dismal 2021-22 season, but the club is yet to make a single signing ahead of starting their pre-season on Monday. Despite his qualms, United's strong stance on his future has made it increasingly likely he will play out the remaining 12 months of his two-year contract. JUST IN: Mo Salah made 'a threat' to Liverpool as Real Madrid circle Erik ten Hag will meet Ronaldo for the first time since becoming Red Devils manager within the next two weeks as his squad returns to Carrington for pre-season training. The first wave of players will be present at United's training ground on Monday. Ten Hag will hold talks with Ronaldo once he arrives from his holiday to ease his worries about the club's ambition. He could even offer Ronaldo the captaincy if he decides to take the armband off Harry Maguire, which would likely go a long way to convincing the Portuguese icon of his prominent status in his plans. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag and John Murtough make Man Utd transfer decision United are closing in on the £69million signing of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong and hope Christian Eriksen will accept their contract offer to join on a free transfer. But Ronaldo, Ten Hag and supporters will be keen for more new additions to help close the gaping gap behind Manchester City and Liverpool. After Edinson Cavani's free exit this summer, Ronaldo is arguably the only first-team player in Ten Hag's squad who currently views being a central striker as his natural position. And following his 24-goal haul last term, losing him at this stage of preparations for the new campaign would be a sickening blow for United. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here