Nigel Farage has said that Brexit could be at risk of unravelling as he pointed out that the Conservative Party was backtracking on "finishing" the decision to leave the EU. The GB News presenter and Former MEP said on his YouTube Channel of former Chancellor George Osborne's recent prediction that Brexit could be overturned within 20 years. He also referenced the migration plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda and the upcoming by-election in Wakefield as potential threats to Brexiteers. Mr Farage said: “Osborne has not given up. In the referendum, he was clear that we would lose our houses, we would lose our jobs, and that each household would be at least £4,500 a year worse off. “The globalists haven't given up. They still think we are going to rejoin the EU. “George, let me tell you something, the British people don't want that, it's done, it's history, it's behind us. “But the slight concern is that Osborne is still a Conservative, and we have a Conservative PM elected to get Brexit done, which included control of our borders.” Earlier this week Mr Osborne claimed that Brexit had “caused a lot of damage to Britain’s economy”. He told LBC: “It's not unimaginable in 20 years' time, to have a set of economic arrangements with the EU which aren't too distant from the economic arrangements we had when we were in the EU.” Mr Farage also spoke of the ruling made by the European Court of Human Rights to halt the departure of the first flight carrying asylum seekers to Rwanda. He said: “And yet a foreign judge in Strasbourg decides the plane can't go to Rwanda and there will be no flights this year.” The former Brexit Party leader also called for the UK to leave the  European Convention on Human Rights on Twitter. Earlier this week he tweeted: “Left-wing lawyers now dictate our immigration policy. Time to leave the ECHR and finally complete Brexit.” DON'T MISS: Nigel Farage’s call to leave ECHR backed: ‘Foreign court has no place’ Mr Farage then turned to next week’s by-election in Wakefield as Conservative candidate Nadeem Ahmed’s comments are a threat to the party’s commitment to Brexit. After the referendum Mr Ahmed said that the Brexit campaign was “built on lies”, sharing his regret that he voted for it. Mr Farage was critical of this and said: “The other thing that worries me is that there is a by-election in Wakefield, it is a really important Red Wall seat. “So, why have the Conservatives chosen a candidate who has turned his back on Brexit and is prepared to slag it off.” DON'T MISS: British farmers could be handed 'golden Brexit opportunity' [LATEST]EU's empty threats torn apart: VDL has no legal weapons to use on UK [UPDATE]Brexit LIVE: Liz Truss handed green light to remove gloves on EU deal [LIVE BLOG] Mr Farage said: “You begin to wonder with Osborne, with Johnson not finishing Brexit and not taking control of our borders, with candidates like this being picked in Wakefield. “We already know Keir Starmer would put us back in the single market. The Lib Dems and the SNP would at least do that as well. “I won't say Brexit is directly under threat but I am worried about the direction the Conservative Party is going in. “We have to say that any backtracking on Brexit means they will not get our vote next time.” So what do YOU think? Do you think Brexit is unravelling following Nigel Farage’s warning? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.  