Carol Kirkwood set out the latest weather maps on BBC Breakfast and made a point of highlighting the odds of Wimbledon being struck by a downpour. The weather presenter reassured tennis fans that while there was a chance of a new wet weather front unleashing rain on the tournament, the risk with less than ten percent. Ms Kirkwood: "Today what's happening is we've got a weather front moving towards the east, it's bringing rain with it and then as it clears. "We're looking at sunshine and showers, not as windy as it was yesterday. "So here is the weather front with the rain, one right behind it is going to fizzle if anything, it will enhance the shows that we have. "The lack of isobars on the charts tells you that it's not particularly windy.  Ms Kirkwood told BBC Breakfast: "Here's the rain, it's been heavy overnight in parts of the country, and at the moment is heavy across parts of northern England, especially the northeast and quite a bit of cloud around this as well and behind it. "But some of us starting off with some sunshine, the rain eventually clearing the southeast, but if you follow it north, it moves up into the Northern Isles and then showers follow on behind. "For Wimbledon today, there's a small chance of a shower later on, only about a five percent chance and as you can see, these are the average wind speeds - they're not particularly strong. "Temperatures up to about 23 degrees and 15 or 16 in the north, now as we head on through the evening and overnight period again, many of the showers but not all of them will fade." "We've got the tail end of this weather front, just clipping the southeast pushing into the North Sea," she added. "If we follow it around, you can see the big showers moving northwards eventually by the end of the night, getting into central Scotland and Northern Ireland, clearer skies in the south with temperatures falling away between about 11 and 13 degrees. "So tomorrow you can see how this weather front pushes northwards, taking it showers with it and here's the tail end of it once again in the North Sea. "So that means that there will be rain in the North Sea but looks like it's going to be close enough to East Anglia and Kent to throw in a bit more cloud for you." DON'T MISS:Israel fury as EU attempts to push Iran nuclear deal [REPORT]Liz Truss draws up plan with Ukraine to END Putin's horror war [REVEAL]Putin humiliated as Russian ammunition train derails [INSIGHT] Ms Kirkwood continued: "Meanwhile the other end of that front moves northwards, taking the rain into northern Scotland and through the Northern Isles once again. "Showers follow on behind the heaviest will be in the north in the West as well. "And it could be thundery to boot and a smaller chance again in Wimbledon compared to in the north and west. "But one thing you'll find is that it is going to be a little bit cooler."