Martin Daubney clashed with GB News panelist Amy Cameron after she insisted “we should be backing the unions”. Mr Daubney argued “working people can’t get to work today” because of the rail strikes that are causing major disruption nationwide and stressed, “working-class lads, who get paid by the day, won’t get paid today and for the rest of the week”. Speaking at GB News this morning, Mr Daubney pointed out: “Working-class lads, the sole who get paid by the day, won’t get paid today or on Wednesday or for the rest of the week. “Quite simply in the real world, working people can’t get to work today. “That doesn’t affect the people that have stayed at home and stayed away during the pandemic and beyond the who’ve got quite used to the comfort of working from home, not having to comment, not having to pay the money for that. “They are affected today.” The claims came as GB News panelist Amy Cameron said: “We’ve existed in a world where waves have dropped so low that people arena longer able to cover their own costs. “And when unions and the people who are members of unions dare to ask for a decent standard of living, they are absolutely stigmatised by the press. “I actually think we should be backing the unions and backing their legitimate calls. “Inflation is soaring, our economy is stagnating and all that this government and many of the right-wing press appear to be able to do is to blame working people and ask working people to bear the brunt of this. READ MORE: Oldham grooming ringleader worked as welfare officer “I think ordinary people working people are being blamed for a situation where they are being asked to bear the brunt. “We are in a situation right now where we far too many working people are relying on benefits and food banks”. Train passengers were facing major travel disruption and cancellations as biggest nationwide rail strike in 30 years began this morning. Most trains in the UK will be cancelled on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, causing a major travel disruption across the country. DON'T MISS: Davey urges voters to boot Boris out ahead of Tiverton by-election [WATCH]Keir Starmer picks side in Brexit debate [LISTEN]Starmer plotting major Brexit intervention in 'come clean' on plans [INSIGHT] The strike came as late talks in the attempt to stop the strike action failed to succeed. The talks were held on Monday afternoon, but failed to resolve the dispute over pay and redundancies. The RMT union, which represents rail workers, is calling for a pay rise of at least 7 percent. Following the unsuccessful talks, RMT general secretary Mick Lynch warned the industrial action will “run as long as it needs to run”. He said: “Until they allow the employers to negotiate freely, I can’t see that we are going to get a settlement. “Our campaign will run as long as it needs to run until we get a settlement acceptable to our people”.