Father’s Day is all about spending quality time with your dad or granddad. What better way is there than by spending the day drinking beer, watching his favourite show or eating at a special meal together? The day falls on Sunday, June 19, 2022, make it extra special by planning an activity together and there are plenty of unique ideas to do together. Whether he prefers being active or wants to relax, book and buy experiences now if you want to redeem them for the day. Plus, you can also find beer and food hamper gifts here. Here are the best unique experiences and activities you can enjoy for Father's Day 2022. With 23 locations available across the UK, treat your dad to two of his favourite beverages and enjoy this special whiskey and beer masterclass at the Brewhouse Kitchen. With this experience, you'll learn the origins of the drinks and the difference between the distillery and brewhouse processes with five tastings of whiskey and beer each. It's a great bonding experience and to finish off the lesson, you can enjoy a delicious meal from the Academy menu. Buy on Virgin Experience Days (£80) See all of London and experience climbing to the top of the O2 with this special adventure. Perfect for active dads, you'll get briefed, then kitted out and ascend the suspended walkway. You'll both be standing 52 meters above ground and witness beautiful panoramic views. Plus, choose early evening so you can watch the sun set over the city. Now on offer for a short time, don't miss out on this amazing opportunity. Buy on Red Letter Days (Was £84, now £69) For a truly unique gift, surprise dad with a 30 minute flying lesson where he'll soar above the English countryside. Pick from locations across the UK including Newcastle, then get one-to-one tuition from a Civil Aviation Authority-licensed instructor. He'll be able to learn how to control an aircraft and fly over some of the UK's most scenic areas. Buy on Virgin Experience Days (£95) Enjoy Father's Day celebrations on this special London Craft Beer Cruise and enjoy delicious beers by top British breweries. Different to your usual pub crawl, the cruise takes you through London and you'll nibble on delicious cheeses while drinking the beers. Ideal in the summer weather, it's the perfect Father's Day activity. Book on Red Letter Days (Was £108, now £99) Fitness dads will absolutely love this gift which includes an introductory 30 minute session to boxing with a personal trainer at TwelveThree Gym. Whether he's a novice or beginner, he'll be trained by experienced boxing coaches and learn all the basics of boxing, footwork while also working up a sweat. Plus, this experience also includes a two week membership to TwelveThree Gym so he can continue perfecting his skills. Buy on Red Letter Days (Was £165, now £99) Experience an alternative to a classic BBQ and visit Filipino restaurant, Kasa & Kin, to enjoy Filipino-style barbecue cuisine for your Father's Day lunch. Perfect for big groups, the menu includes delicious skewers that are great to share and highlights include lemongrass chicken, Lechon Kawali pork belly, smoked aubergine and beef kare kare. Be mindful that as this is an indoor barbecue restaurant, it can get a bit smoky in certain areas. Plus, leave enough room to have the infamous tsunami cheesecakes as dessert as it's the perfect sweet treat. Book on Kasa and Kin & Tripadvisor (From £20 a head) Dad will get to live out his driving dreams with this classic car driving experience. He'll be able to pick a car to drive from an impressive selection that includes Camaro SS, Mustang GT350, Caterham, Mini Cooper S, Dodge Charger, Mk1 Escort, Shelby Cobra, GT40, Lotus Cortina, ’75 Vantage, Pontiac Firebird and Ford Gran Torino. Then he can drive three miles and get a drivers score card and comments to celebrate the day. Buy on Virgin Experience Days (£29 up) Pamper your dad by gifting him with a haircut, wash and shave at Headcase Barbers. With this treatment, he'll visit this old-fashioned barbershop and sit back while an expert barber creates a personalised look for him. Whether he wants to sharpen up his shave or trim his beard, it's a relaxing experience with friendly staff that he's sure to love. Buy on Red Letter Days (£70) Treat your steak-loving dad to a luxurious three-course meal at Argentinian restaurant, Gaucho. Known across the UK, Gaucho is famous for its extensive meat menu and with this gift you'll be able to pick a starter, main and dessert from a delicious menu filled with juicy steak cuts. It's a great idea to spend time together and comes with a glass of Prosecco for a refreshing touch. Meat lovers will absolutely love this meal. Buy on Red Letter Days (Was £130, now £100) Take dad to this special interactive dining experience of Faulty Towers where he dine at the infamous 70s hotel while laughing out loud at the theatrical phenomenon. Tuck into a three-course meal and meet the show's iconic characters with this comedy extravaganza. It's available to book on Thursdays and Sundays, and times range for each day. Book on Red Letter Days (Was £159, now £118) Foodie fathers will enjoy a meal at Piazza Italiana, London's most decadent Italian restaurant. Located in a beautiful grade II building, enjoy a classic Italian meal with special dishes like Tartare di Tonno, Casarecce Al Frutti Di Mare and more. It's a beautiful old-fashioned style restaurant and be sure not to miss out on ordering the signature Tiramisu dessert. While this restaurant isn't open on Sundays, it's a great place to dine on the weekday thanks to its central location. Book on Pizza Italiana & Trip Advisor (£35 a head roughly)