At the age of 65 Fenneberg’s world was turned upside down as a seemingly normal prostate-specific antigen (PSA) test revealed that he had an exceptionally high score of 48 ng/mL. Following an MRI scan and a biopsy, the Freemason was not only diagnosed with prostate cancer but also sepsis, which occurs when the immune system overreacts to an infection and starts to damage the body’s own tissues and organs. Spending another four days in hospital recovering with his life-threatening infection, his treatment journey was only just beginning as it was then recommended he have hormone injections to reduce the aggressive nature of the cancer. “When my results came back, I got a phone call to come in immediately to my local GP surgery, and then the following day I was with a specialist in Basildon Hospital – it all happened quite quickly,” Fenneberg shared, recalling his diagnosis. “I should never have come home after my biopsy. When I came out of the biopsy and the hospital staff asked me to take a seat while I waited for an appointment for the bone scan, when I stood up, the seat was covered in blood.” Over the next three-years between December 2015 and 2018 Fenneberg would have hormone injections, which aims to either stop the body making testosterone or stop testosterone from reaching the cancer cells. This is needed because prostate cancer cells usually need testosterone to grow. Testosterone is a hormone that controls how the prostate grows and develops. It also controls other male characteristics, such as muscle strength, erections, and the size and function of the penis and testicles.  READ MORE: Peter Kay: Comic's 'first hand experience' of 'complex' disease - condition explained  This treatment method is usually used to treat low-risk localised prostate cancer, which is why Fenneberg was also given radiotherapy as well, to treat the cells that had spread from the area. Speaking from his own experience, Fenneberg added: “Having listened carefully to the oncologist’s recommendation and reading about the treatment options, I was very happy to go along with their advice. “Considering the advanced nature of the cancer, it seemed the best way to tackle it with the best chances for a good outcome. “My treatment was okay and bearable. I was in and out of hospital within a few days, and found that I was able to get back to normal quite quickly.”  For some individuals, the possibility of side effects after treatment is enough to put them off getting treatment at all. Medical professionals warn that urinary, bowel and erectile dysfunction are all possible. But through sharing his own experience, Fenneberg hopes that other men will see that this does not always happen, and treatment will be able to save their lives if done early enough. In fact, the only side effect Fenneberg suffered from was the inability to urinate, and because of this, he had a catheter put in approximately one week after the procedure took place. Three months after his radiotherapy the catheter was removed. Now at the age of 72, Fenneberg added: “I don’t suffer from any side-effects following my treatments. I find myself urinating quite often during the day, every couple of hours, but I’m no longer up during the night.” In addition, his PSA levels have dropped to a low 1.8 ng/mL, but after such a tragic health ordeal, Fenneberg remains focused on trying to prevent others from going through what he did. He mainly does this by encouraging others to go for a PSA test regularly.  The NHS explains that the amount of PSA in your blood is measured in nanograms of PSA per millilitre of blood (ng/ml). For those aged 50 to 69, a PSA level of 3 ng/mL or higher is classed as “raised”. A raised PSA level in the blood may be a sign of prostate cancer, but it can also be a sign of another condition that's not cancer, such as: About three in four men with a raised PSA level will not have cancer, but it is still important that individuals have a PSA test, for reassurance their level is normal and it may prevent the development of another serious condition. The following are some general guidelines from the charity Zero Cancer, to help individuals understand their PSA test results: Fenneberg ended by saying: “I know a lot more about prostate cancer and the tests available now than I did six years ago. You can have high blood pressure, or Type 2 diabetes without knowing, and similarly, you could have a high PSA score and prostate cancer like me, without realising it.” 