Ozzy Osbourne’s wife, Sharon, has issued an important update on the rock star's health following a major operation. She said the Black Sabbath star is now “on the road to recovery” as she took to social media to thank fans for their support. In view of her 2.3 million followers, Sharon expressed Ozzy’s family’s “gratitude” for the “love and support” sent to the musician ahead of his operation. She wrote: "Our family would like to express so much gratitude for the overwhelming amount of love and support leading up to Ozzy's surgery! “Ozzy is doing well and on the road to recovery!" Sharon concluded: “Your love means the world to him." Fans appeared to be relieved to receive the good news as they inundated the tweet’s replies with well-wishes. Jane25414674T said: “Wishing Ozzy a speedy recovery and sending lots of love and healing prayers. “Love to your family too xxx” ScottTa58290568 added: “I am relieved to hear that he is doing well and hopefully it well result in him continuing  to do what he enjoys. “As Ozzy would say ‘I LOVE YOU ALL’.” BobCarn54273276 tweeted: “Sharon, I want to thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for seeing that light in OzzY and sharing him with us all. “He and his music have been with me since the 70s. Got me through a lot. “I’ve seen OzzY and/or Sabbath 48 times live and need 48 more! God bless, we love you all.” (sic) READ MORE...John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [UPDATE]Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought [NEWS]Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [INSIGHT] Ozzy underwent a procedure yesterday after suffering from the inability to stand or walk for long periods of time. Sharon Osbourne has taken time off from her new UK TV show The Talk to be with her husband in California. She explained that the surgery is "a very major operation,” adding: "I have to be there. “It's really going to determine the rest of his life." The need for surgery came after the musician fell at his Los Angeles home three years ago. Before his fall in Los Angeles home, Ozzy also damaged his neck in a quad bike accident in 2003. Ozzy has also been diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. He recently made a statement saying: "I am hoping this next surgery will get my balance back because I am falling all over the place. I feel 95. I am still in this recovery mode. I've just got to get going again. "Everyone says 'Ozzy give it time' but how much f****** time have I got to give it?"