Radio 1 presenter and former The Saturdays star Mollie King has announced she is pregnant with her first baby. The 35-year-old posted a photo of her cricketer fiance, also 35, kissing her baby bump. In view of her 951k followers, Mollie wrote: “Stuart and I are so so happy to share that we’re expecting a baby later this year! “We’re absolutely over the moon”. Her former bandmate, Loose Women star Frankie Bridge replied: “Can. Not. Wait!” Strictly star Neil Jones wrote: “Congratulations”. “Wow! Congratulations ... So exciting,” added Denise Van Outen. Rochelle Humes, another former member of The Saturdays, typed: “Best news ever”. Stuart also commented with a row of love heart emojis. The former One Day and Twenty 20 International captain proposed to Mollie on New Year’s Day 2021, popping the question with a reported £18,500 ring. Mollie announced the news on Instagram, posing an adorable photo of her planting a kiss on her new fiance’s lips - showing off her sparkler. “A thousand times yes!” she wrote.“I still can’t believe it, the most magical start to the new year! “I can’t wait to spend all my years with you @stuartbroad.” In March 2021, Mollie told MailOnline: “We haven’t booked a date yet. It’s only been the last couple of weeks we have heard announcements about weddings [by the government]. DON'T MISS... Dame Deborah James in farewell to brother but warns 'don't come back'[LATEST]Kirstie Allsopp says show was stopped after Prince William's arrival[ROYALS]Lorraine Kelly admits struggling to watch Piers Morgan's new show[TV] “I am just grateful and lucky that I am with him and engaged. We don’t have to do this right now. “I dream of getting married to him, and want to put a date in, and I'm having so much fun [thinking about it] but we are taking it slowly. “We need to be careful with all the guidelines and stuff.” In a recent Instagram post, Mollie revealed the parents-to-be are currently house-hunting. “Although we’ve been living together for a while now, this will be the first place we’ve bought together so it means the world to us,” she wrote. “It’s been a really exciting journey so far, but also a bit of a rollercoaster. “At the start of the year we thought we had found the one, but last month it fell through, so, today marked a new day when the search began again! “I like to think that everything happens for a reason and that things will fall into place,” she added.