Players who have left both the PGA Tour and DP World Tour to join the controversial LIV Golf Series are banned from competing at next month’s Scottish Open ahead of the final major of the year, The Open Championship. The Scottish Open is traditionally used as a warm-up event to help star players find their groove before the Open. The tournament will take place at The Renaissance Club in North Berwick, Scotland from July 7 - a week before the 150th Open Championship tees off at St Andrews. The news comes after The Telegraph reported that The Scottish Open will be co-sanctioned by the DP World and PGA Tours for the first time. As LIV Golf stars are currently banned from entering PGA Tour events, it means stars like Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson, Sergio Garcia, Lee Westwood, Ian Poulter and Brooks Koepka will be forced to prepare for the Open elsewhere. PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan acted quickly to suspend all Tour members who played at the first LIV Golf Invitational event at The Centurion Club near London in St Albans. The DP World Tour are making decisions on an event-by-event basis, although the body will sanction members who played in the inaugural LIV Golf event by fining them £100,000 while also suspending members from playing in the Scottish Open, Barbasol Championship and Barracuda Championship. READ MORE: McIlroy taunts Koepka and Saudi tour defectors with 'duplicitous' dig The news could ultimately signal the start of a much closer relationship between the PGA and DP World Tours as they attempt to weather the storm that is LIV Golf. It was reported last month that the two Tours were in deep talks regarding how to combat the threat possessed by the new breakaway competition. While banning the LIV Golf players will weaken the field at the Scottish Open, all four current Major champions - Scottie Scheffler, Justin Thomas, Collin Morikawa and new US Open champ Matt Fitzpatrick - are set to compete. The move comes following news that more PGA Tour players have joined LIV Golf, with Abraham Ancer, Bryson DeChambeau, Patrick Reed and Koepka among the new recruits. Four-time Major champion Koepka is expected to play in the second 54-hole 48-man tournament in Portland next week, which has a prize fund of £20 million. DON'T MISSSaudi tour rebel Koepka looks foolish after Mickelson and US Open rantSaudi rebels grouped together in DP World Tour event as tensions growMickelson and co learn Open fate as decision made on Saudi rebels Koepka is the latest huge name star to follow Phil Mickelson in signing a lucrative, multi-million dollar deal to join the tour led by former World No. 1 Greg Norman. The announcement came just weeks after the 32-year-old had seemingly pledged his loyalty to the PGA Tour. The highly-anticipated LIV Golf series made its debut at The Centurion Club in St Albans earlier this month, with the likes of Mickelson, Johnson and Garcia headlining a mixed field in terms of big name pull and talent. Charl Schwartzel, the 2011 Masters champion, secured a one-stroke victory and a £3.86 million payout - more than the £2.56 million awarded to Fitzpatrick for claiming the US Open. The Saudi-backed LIV series is the most lucrative golf tournament in history. The lucrative eight-event series, which is funded by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF), has a prize pot of just over £200m for 2022, while an extra £1.6 billion has reportedly been secured to expand the event to a 14-event league by 2024.