The working week is almost over, but the daily Wordle puzzles just keep on coming. Wordle 362 is live for June 16, and will only be available for the next 24-hours. Needless to say, long-time fans better not delay, especially if they want to keep those winning streaks alive. Fortunately, if you need some help with Wordle 362 for June 16, then Express Online has some spoiler-free hints and clues available at the bottom of the page. Good luck figuring out the answer, and remember to check back tomorrow for the next batch of clues. The ideal game to play when you've got some downtime and need to relax, Wordle challenges players to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you can deduce that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you want to avoid losing your precious winning streak, then keep on reading for the latest Wordle hints for the June 16 puzzle... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. I also like to use the word 'CRANE' as an opening guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 362 hints and clues for June 16... 1. Wordle 362 starts with the letter A. 2. Wordle 362 contains two vowels. 3. Got to let go of these strings at some point.