Charlie Heaton was a major player for the Netflix smash hit’s first season, but has since been pushed to the sidelines to make way for more terrifying adventures in the town of Hawkins. Now the fourth season of Stranger Things has finally arrived, Charlie has defended his character Jonathan Byers’ reduced screen time in comparison to his famous co-stars. Stranger Things star Charlie has explained why it may seem his character has fallen by the wayside in the first episodes of season four. The new chapter of the nostalgic sci-fi epic was released on Netflix last week, and will conclude with two feature-length episodes in July. While fans were thrilled to see the series return, many of them were disappointed when Nancy Wheeler’s (played by Natalia Dyer) boyfriend didn’t get much of a look-in. When fans first drop in with Jonathan, he is still pining for Nancy after moving to California and wasting time with a new friend, Argyle (Eduardo Franco). READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show “I know why you’re asking that,” Charlie said when asked about his reduced role. “And I’ve definitely seen some forums [on], like, Screen Rant or something - ‘What happened to the character?’ “It is an ensemble cast, obviously every season they’ve brought in new characters, wonderful characters, and they’ve taken the story to different places.” Every season of Stranger Things so far has introduced a new set of characters to help Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) and the Hawkins gang investigate the mysteries beneath their town. Season two introduced step-brother and sister duo Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) and Billy Hargrove (Dacre Montgomery), while season three gave Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) a new friend in Robin Buckley (Maya Hawke). Now the cast is practically bursting at the seams with newcomers Eduardo, Joseph Quinn, Jamie Campbell Bower, Robert Englund and more all joining the action for season four. After Freddy Krueger legend Robert’s casting, Charlie also opened up more about the new season’s horror influences. “The Hawkins storyline this year is totally out of Nightmare On Elm Street. It’s really exciting to see the show go in that direction.” DON'T MISS:Obi-Wan Kenobi: Ewan McGregor defends Moses Ingram [VIDEO]Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco shares sad Flight Attendant update [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth on surprise change to season 5 [INSIGHT] He also revealed how fans can expect to see Jonathan’s relationship with Nancy progress while they try to commit to long-distance in the 1980s. Charlie explained to GQ: “We find him in a place of questioning himself and his relationship. “You want the people to be invested in them. Sometimes it blurs into one. “Me and Natalia have been together for a long time, so you’ve even got to separate it yourself sometimes.” Unfortunately, the star admitted there’s “not a lot” he can reveal about where their romance is headed in the final two episodes of season four. Thankfully, there’s still one more season to come once the two-part finale airs next month. Hopefully, this means fans can expect to see much more of Jonathan, Nancy and the rest of the original cast in the next couple of years. Stranger Things season 4, volume 1 is available to stream on Netflix. Volume 2 will be released on Friday, July 1.