The NatWest customer initially thought her card had been skimmed and panicked that she had been the victim of fraud. She is warning others to be careful when using cash machines in the UK and abroad. Millions of Britons will be looking forward to finally jetting away this summer but one woman is warning others to be prepared after she lost £200 to a faulty ATM. While she initially thought she’d been scammed by fraudsters ‘skimming’ the machine it turns out that she was the victim of a faulty cash machine. Although banks say this is uncommon, she is one of a number of Britons who say it has happened to them. Helen told Express.co.uk: “We were coming to the end of our Nile cruise, four days going down the Nile looking at the sights." READ MORE: HMRC warns people not to fall for National Insurance scam The mum of two continued: “It was an amazing holiday we had really looked forward to! “On the last day we were at Aswan and went to a cash machine to take out the money we needed which was £200. “Our guide took us to one on the main street. Everything looked fine and I put my card in, put the PIN in and requested the money. “It gave out the receipt and card but then no money!” DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions [WARNING]Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 [UPDATE]Retired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [INSIGHT] Luckily Helen and her husband Daniel had gone prepared and were able to use another card to retrieve the cash. The mum who runs a catering and events company called Dine wants to warn others to make sure they have a backup card with them before they jet off on holiday as it could have been much worse. “We were lucky, we always take a few different credit and debit cards when we go on holiday, and keep them in several different places, just in case we lose cards or something happens!” NatWest has since refunded the cash and Helen says they were very helpful and it was easy to resolve.  However, Helen wants to make sure that others are prepared in the unfortunate event that it happens to them. She added: “It’s also worth making sure you know the phone number for your bank from abroad as it makes the whole situation much less stressful.” If a machine fails to give out the money, make a note of the date and time in order to follow it up and get a refund. Banks are very good about refunding - the worry is people might not notice the money coming out of their account.    What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While banks say ATM faults like these are rare, I personally lost £40 at Epsom races on June 4 and it wasn’t on the horses! I phoned Lloyds bank the following Monday and have since received a full refund but I too want to make sure people are aware so that it doesn’t happen to them. A spokesperson for Lloyds Bank told Express.co.uk: "ATM issues are very rare. However, it remains true that it's always a good idea to keep an eye on your balance, as that will help you spot anything that looks out of the ordinary. "If you do spot anything that looks unusual, get in touch with your bank as soon as possible." Do you have a similiar story to share? People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. 