All Creatures Great and Small season three will air on Channel 5 and the previous season teased the start of the Second World War. Whilst Tristan Farnon (played by Callum Woodhouse) and his brother Siegfried (Samuel West) were busy at Skeldale, signs of a looming conflict were all around them. There is a chance young Tristan will be called up to join the Army in the upcoming episodes. The season two finale of the escapist family drama saw signs of hope as James Herriot (Nicholas Ralph) proposed to Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton). Fans are hoping a wedding is on the cards for the upcoming third instalment, but their plans may have to be put on hold. The Second World War is on the horizon as the second season was set in 1938. Viewers are wondering whether Tristan will be forced to leave his vet duties behind. This would be somewhat of a hurdle for him as he had just passed his veterinary exams. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton was 'scared' of co-star The character is based on the real Brian Sinclair, who joined his brother at the surgery. He worked for the real Donald Sinclair until he graduated from the Royal (Dick) Veterinary College in Edinburgh in 1943. He went on to join the Royal Army Veterinary Corps in India and, later, the Ministry of Agriculture's Sterility Advisory unit. The real Brian Sinclair was born in 1915, which means he would have been 24 when the Second World War broke out. He was posted to India during the latter half of the conflict. With this in mind, there is a chance Tristan could be sent away to India in season three. Although the timelines would not match up exactly, this storyline would definitely add some depth to Tristan's character. Actor Woodhouse opened up about whether Tristan could go to war, telling Express.co.uk and other press: "You will have to wait and see, Tristan would look very good in a uniform." On what fans can expect from the upcoming season, he added: "Speaking historically, we are entering 1939. "That is the outbreak of war, it is surrounding this tiny village and how they dealt with that and how the war affected everyday life." DON'T MISS... Callum Woodhouse age: How old is All Creatures' Tristan Farnon star? [EXPLAINER] All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Is Mrs Hall still married? [INTERVIEW] All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph jibes at co-star [INSIGHT] From this it seems there will be no escaping the subject of war in season three. However, the creators have said it will not detract from the uplifting and comical elements of the show. Writer Ben Vanstone said: "While it’s impossible to ignore the fact that war is on the horizon, we never wanted it to be something that overrides the fundamental nature of the show. "We will experience the gradual creep of looming conflict but this will be very much through our characters rather than with a bird’s eye view of the wider political context.” Fans can breathe a sigh of relief as they will still be treated to plenty of heartwarming moments. War may be on the horizon, but there is still plenty to be excited about with James and Helen's marriage. Elsewhere, Mrs Hall (Anna Madeley) was exploring a potential romance with Gerald Hammond (Will Thorp). Viewers will have to wait and see how the dynamic at Skeldale House is impacted by the impending conflict.  All Creatures Great and Small season 3 will air on Channel 5 later this year.