Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is reportedly exploring four options to replace Marina Granovskaia as transfer chief. On Monday, Petr Cech became the latest backroom figure to leave the west London club as a drastic period of transformation continues to gather pace under new ownership. Granovskaia was a key figure at Chelsea throughout the Roman Abramovich era, but when UK Government sanctions led to his departure, she was quick to follow suit. That has left Boehly handling transfer negotiations amid a summer of rapid change for the Blues, but he is also seeking out a prime candidate to take over transfer operations permanently. According to Fabrizio Romano, four people are currently on his shortlist, although nothing is advanced as yet. Among them is former Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona full-back Maxwell and esteemed ex-Liverpool transfer guru Michael Edwards. Maxwell has already served as assistant sporting director at PSG, working alongside Antero Henrique between 2017 and 2019. Having the French giants' name on his CV could spark excitement among the Blues' fanbase, given the calibre of players in the Parisians' squad. JUST IN: Harry Maguire's stance on Barcelona swap deal as Barcelona make transfer request Eye-catching links to Neymar could be boosted for a start amid reports that PSG are open to the idea of a sale this summer. Serious money would need to be coughed up in order to put together an enticing pay packet, but Maxwell could theoretically use his prior experience and Brazilian heritage to drive down the numbers. A move to bring in Edwards would also be enough to get Chelsea fans' mouths watering after a lengthy spell as Liverpool's transfer chief in command. The 42-year-old was behind deals that saw Virgil van Dijk, Andrew Robertson and Mohamed Salah head to Anfield, among others, which naturally makes him a sought-after prospect. READ MORE: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game Sky Sports claim that the Blues may have a hard time convincing him to step back into a high-pressure job, however, given that close sources believe he would be keen to take a break. PSG and Real Madrid have already enquired about his availability, and Boehly's admiration for Liverpool's 'great model' under Edwards is already public knowledge. The introduction of a new sporting director, whether Maxwell, Edwards or someone else on the four-person shortlist, would signify the latest instalment in a summer of striking change at Chelsea. Thomas Tuchel has already had to deal with a host of departures from his playing squad including star defender Antonio Rudiger, while record signing Romelu Lukaku is expected to join Inter Milan on loan imminently. All the while, arrivals have been put on the back burner. Some fans have been left frustrated that deals for the likes of Jules Kounde and Raphinha may be slipping through their fingers as Boehly beds in and completes his revamp. Cech, who won four Premier League titles with Chelsea between 2005 and 2015, is the latest casualty as he is set to vacate his role as Technical and Performance Advisor on June 30. A disagreement over Lukaku's exit is thought to have played a part, although the former goalkeeper described his stint at Stamford Bridge as a 'huge privilege' in a classy statement issued on Monday.