Richard E Grant has taken to Twitter to reflect on his wife Joan Washington's death, nine months after she died from stage four lung cancer. The Withnail actor, 65, explained how he felt "more alone" in the company of others compared to being on his own, months after "sorting through" his wife's clothes in their South of France home. In view of his 297,000 followers, the actor reflected on how he's "navigating grief" following the death of his beloved wife. Richard captained the video: "Even though it’s been 9 months since my wife died, navigating grief follows no chartered course. "Paper clip in my glasses as opticians all closed today & that’s my neighbours dog barking," he added, before sharing a link to his An Evening With performance dates. In the video, the star could be seen soaking up the sun in his garden as he spoke about the last nine months without Joan. READ MORE: Gwyneth Paltrow reunites with ex Chris Martin at daughter's graduation Richard said: "Navigating grief is the most peculiar thing because you're acutely aware of how alone you are. "Yet at the same time, there's the contradiction that when you're in company you sometimes feel more alone than on your own," he added while smiling. "You just have to do it, just have to do it," he signed off the video. Richard's confession comes two months after he told how he was sorting through his late wife's clothes seven month after her death. The Star Wars actor admitted that he was feeling "emotional" as he visited their home in the South of France. The film star explained that he and his late wife had purchased a home in the South of France three decades ago. He has since returned to their home months after her death as he sorted through her belongings. In the candid clip, he said: "33 years ago my wife and I bought a little house here in the South of France when my daughter was just six-weeks-old. DON'T MISS...Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule [INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon shares Pickle Cottage milestone after issuing apology [ANALYSIS]Gordon Ramsay reacts as daughter Holly, 22, posts sunny bikini snap [UPDATE] And it's obviously very emotional being here having to sort through her clothes and deal with other things. "But gloriously life-enhancing to be back. We swam, danced, played badminton, had parties, surrounded by flea markets." He concluded: "The sun is shining and it's utterly freezing." Richard captioned the post: "Something for the weekend. In spite of the Arctic wind!" Following the star's recent post, his fans flocked to the comments to leave supportive messages. Twitter user @RuthCrompton8 wrote: "Just hang in there Richard. Take it slow, the grief will come in waves and knock you sideways, but you will survive. "Accept help when offered and if it's not offered, demand it. I've been where you are and it's tough. Big hugs. Xx." @MarkBishop75 added: "You are such a lovely guy Richard. I hope you go on sharing your thoughts and feelings with your fans. I hope it comes as some comfort to know we care."