It is believed a person was injured on the London Underground tracks. Passengers on Central Line trains have been advised to find alternative routes on Thursday, with Tubes stopped between Liverpool Street and Leytonstone.      The Central Line is one of Transport for London's busiest Underground services. TfL said in an update: "Central Line: No service between Leytonstone and Liverpool Street whilst the emergency services deal with a casualty on the track. "SEVERE DELAYS on the rest of the line. London Underground tickets will be accepted on London Buses and Greater Anglia services." Many travellers on the Central Line on Thursday morning took to social media to suggest the incident had happened at Mile End station in East London.  Transport for London have yet to confirm the details of the incident. As trains were halted on Thursday morning, many travellers continue to experience severe delays to their journeys. Fellow TfL user @drivetheboatjc added: "Central line being suspended is hell." Frustrated traveller @Officialdjnish wrote: "Has there ever been a day where there aren't delays on the central line." READ MORE: We compared breakfasts from Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Waitrose  Some worried about how they would manage their commute with key sections of the line out of operation. Twitter user @Whitb_xx posted: "How am I getting to work without [the] central line." @thepaulbalaji wrote: "The one day I need to get to the office, half the central line is down." One trapped commuter, @villainbeomgyu, said they had been "sat on the central line for an hour" during rush hour on Thursday morning. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Boris hands Macron huge trade victory [LIVE] POLL: Are you still going on holiday despite latest travel chaos? [VOTE] Boris hit by fresh probe - Plotters ready to pounce in NEW vote [REPORT]  Unite said that 1,000 of its London members will join coordinated action on that day over proposals to cut pensions and pay. Sharon Graham, Unite's general secretary, said: "It is not acceptable that the dedicated workers at TfL and London Underground are being told to pay the price of the pandemic with their pensions, pay cuts and threats to their jobs."