 Sharon Osbourne recently broke down in tears on TalkTV when she announced that she had to step down from hosting her new chat show on the channel due to her husband Ozzy Osbourne contracting COVID-19. Now he is on the road to recovery, the TV personality is back in the UK and joined Lorraine to talk about the new additions to her family, with both of her children, Jack and Kelly expecting babies. She also touched on being able to support Johnny Depp at one of his gigs with Jeff Beck.    Lorraine dubbed the rockstar family as "the ones to do it first" when it came to reality TV. The MTV show The Osbournes aired in 2002 and helped to make the family even more of a household name. Ozzy gained his notoriety in the rock band Black Sabbath, but their reality show thrust his wife and two children into the spotlight as well. Lorraine praised Sharon's family for being "real" stating: "Sharon, but what was really good about you guys was that you were just being you. There was no playing up to the cameras like there is now with reality shows." Now back in the UK, the ITV host asked: "So obviously, when you are over here, you are able to do things, and you went to see Johnny Depp in concert. How was that?" Read More: Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance after being blasted by fans    Movie star Johnny shocked music lovers when he flew to Sheffield just days after the end of his high-profile defamation trial, to play the guitar and sing alongside the rock guitarist Jeff Beck. Having attended the event, Sharon replied: "It was great because Jeff Beck is playing on Ozzy's new album. It was just an amazing night. It was incredible." With the court case now wrapped in favour of The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, Lorraine asked: "And I guess now the court case is behind him, we don't know what is going to happen there? "But obviously, he is a friend of yours, and I just don't think that anybody won in that situation. It was a horrible situation.    "It must be difficult for you as a friend, watching that and seeing him go through that?" Sharon replied: "It's very very ugly," to which the morning host added, "Ugly is the right word." "It was ugly for both of them," Sharon continued. "Listen, what goes on at home between two people, nobody knows." DON’T MISS…Len Goodman blunder: Strictly star sparks uproar with curry powder comment- 'foreign muck' [LATEST]Top Gear's Chris Harris details painful injury sustained during filming 'Really dangerous' [LATEST]Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack's shooter to be exposed as Mel's ex's sister Stacie [LATEST]     Lorraine remarked: "And nobody really wants it to be out there, do they, that's the other thing." Sharon dubbed the coverage of their court case to have been "extreme." She added: "We all have our ugliness in every relationship, but theirs was extreme." Lorraine concluded: "It really was extreme, but hopefully, they can get on with it."    