Manchester United have now finally confirmed that both Jesse Lingard and Paul Pogba will be leaving the club, with both players leaving on a free transfer. Both stars have spent the majority of their careers at the club, but Wayne Rooney thinks that United will be happy to see the back of them. Erik ten Hag has a huge job on his hands this summer, after United recorded their worst ever Premier League finish last season. But in a period of transition, there is still hope around United, and a clear-out is already underway. Not only has Ten Hag already refreshed the majority of the training staff, several first-team stars have left United this summer. Two of those are long-time United stars Pogba and Lingard, who were never able to reach their potential at the club despite both posing promising signs. Rooney called for Pogba to leave back in April, but he also knew that the pair didn't have the winning mentality needed back in the day.  READ MORE: Man Utd have De Jong transfer belief after Pogba savings revealed United have fallen from their perch, and the side that dominated England can barely get the better of their 'big six' competition at present. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, United held a winning mentality, and there were multiple leaders in the dressing room that all performed to the required high standard. But that's since been lost, and United's dressing room has been toxic for quite some time, with a major shake-up brewing for some time. And Rooney will be pleased to see that the pair have moved on, after revealing his frustration while he was still playing for United.  DON'T MISS: Man Utd’s Paul Pogba misery continues amid seven-figure payout (NEWS)Pogba 'sent Solskjaer text' pleading for Man Utd stay before decision (INSIGHT)Man Utd ace Paul Pogba's next move obvious as PSG make final decision (TRANSFERS) The trio shared the dressing room together during the 2016/17 season, but finished sixth and missed out on Champions League football much to the disgust of Rooney. And Rooney recalled the time he had to unload on Lingard and Pogba while confiscating their speakers. The former England captain told the story in his column for The Times: "I do remember one time. Coming into training at United the day after a defeat, still feeling very annoyed and walking into the dressing room with Michael Carrick.  "We found Jesse and Paul dancing in there with the music on. I went over, turned it off and took the speakers out of the dressing room — because that’s my mindset, that’s how I’ve grown up in football." United have been blamed for lacking that mentality over the past decade, and it's hard to imagine Ferguson putting up with dancing after a poor defeat. And Rooney called for Pogba to move on earlier this season, as he said on Sky Sports: "I think it’s got to the point now where it’s probably better if he moves on.  "If Paul is honest with himself, he’s probably not had the impact he would have liked since he returned." Pogba will leave United on a free transfer for the second time, and it's likely that he will join Juventus once again, although PSG are also interested. Lingard will have a healthy stream of offers, but he too has been criticised for his toxic personality after he came to blows with Ralf Rangnick. The star posted to his social media about being snubbed on the final home game of the season, before Rangnick addressed the rumours and revealed that Lingard has asked to be sat out. There is a big issue for Ten Hag to sort out, but with so many stars leaving, his job may be a little easier. Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata and Edinson Cavani have also left Old Trafford. 