Petrol prices in the UK have soared since the start of 2022. In the last week, research from the RAC Fuel Watch has revealed that motorists heading to the pump must now pay £100.27 to fill up a 55 litre tank with petrol and £103.43 for diesel. The statistics are expected to become even more dire, as countries look to remove their dependency on Russian oil exports. Record levels of inflation and energy bills are adding to the financial pain, being felt by many around the British Isles. To help stave off effects from the cost of living crisis, residents are looking for money saving hacks, including on fuel consumption. Petrol prices are now so high that some families have warned they can’t afford to keep heading back to forecourts. So, how can you help to make your fuel go further while out driving?  READ MORE: Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel When you go to accelerate or decelerate your car it can mean extra fuel is being used, and this includes going over speed bumps. Learning how to tackle them properly can help to save “a lot of money”, according to Euro Car Parts. So, next time you come across a speed bump, make sure you’re driving at a consistent speed, which will help to avoid unnecessary fuel consumption.  Using your car’s air conditioning can increase fuel consumption by up to 10 percent. Opening your windows at high speeds will create wind resistance, and in turn decrease efficiency. When your car is stationary you should try to use your windows to keep cool and save the air con for use on the motorway. Another tip is to dress for the weather inside and outside your car, so that you don’t have to use the heat settings as much.  DON'T MISS: Drivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [EXPLAINER]Nightmare for pubgoers as smoking in beer gardens could be BANNED [INSIGHT]More holiday hell as airfares set to soar [NEWS] Most drivers barely look at the RPM (Revolutions Per Minute) count when changing gear, and rely on the sound or ‘feel’ of the engine. However, in doing so, you could be over-revving without knowing, and wasting fuel with each gear change. The most fuel-efficient RPM to change up a gear is 2,500 for a petrol car and 2,000 for diesel. So, next time you’re changing gear keep an eye on the revs count, stick to that number and “the pennies you’ll save will soon stack up”.  Driving at high speeds down dual carriageways and motorways means your engine is operating at a higher RPM, than it is on slower roads. But by simply slowing down a little on those fast roads you could end up pocketing a lot of spare change. The most efficient speed to drive at is between 55 to 65mph. Though it may seem obvious it’s worth remembering that keeping your engine idle, whilst stationary and not using your car still burns fuel. Leaving your car running on a cold winter’s morning, or keeping the engine on whilst sitting in stationary traffic, wastes a lot of unnecessary fuel. Turn your engine off if you know you’re going to be stationary for some time. It will help to conserve your petrol or diesel. 