Russell Kane has responded to Piers Morgan’s claim he was “cancelled” after he quit Good Morning Britain when he refused to apologise for his comments about Meghan Markle. Comedian Russell insisted Piers is actually “more prominent than ever”. Piers got into a fiery row about Meghan and Prince Harry with his GMB co-star Alex Beresford last year. He stormed off the set and never returned as he refused to apologise for saying he did not believe Meghan’s allegations about the Royal Family, which she made during an interview with Oprah Winfrey. In an interview with Express.co.uk, Russell dismissed the idea of “cancel culture” insisting there have never been more comedians on stage, and they can say a lot more outrageous things than ever before. “[Piers] hasn't been cancelled, he left his job and now he is more prominent than ever before,” disagreed Russell. “I think sometimes when I hear, 'It's political correctness gone mad,' it's normally a bloke that wants to touch a woman's boob in the office and can't any more. “It's stuff that always was illegal but was never prosecuted. It's very rarely, 'I want to go on stage and do this joke but I can't.' “The area you've got to be careful with is areas where there is massive political force behind the voices, such as the transgender. “I always think, why make jokes about people that have less power, is that funny? Isn't that what bullying was at school? “When I was at school you couldn't beat up someone in a younger year than you, you were looked at as a bully. Pick on someone your own size. “It's not like I am a prude or a do-gooder, but if there's someone with Down's Syndrome in the front row, to me it's not funny to humiliate them in front of the audience, it's just not my type of humour. “It's too easy if you've got the microphone and all the power, to make fun of someone that doesn't have the power.” He added: “Make fun of everything else around you, there's plenty of stuff going on. DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] “There's plenty of funny people with power that will get offended, like vegans, they're good to make fun of. “If you want a bit of trolling and you want to end up in the headlines, make fun of vegans. “They are rich and middle class, and they can take it and they will give you a f***ing fight, and it's fair.” “The last person who was seriously attempted to be cancelled and bullied was my poor mate Seann Walsh,” Russell continued. “And that was nothing to do with stand up whatsoever. “It was because of a dance show which has got nothing to do with free speech and comedy.” Seann was hit by fierce criticism after he was pictured kissing his Strictly Come Dancing partner Katya Jones in 201, while they were both in relationships. The comedian later expressed regret over the kiss, and revealed his mental health was destroyed over the backlash.