Liverpool could be set to offer Naby Keita in exchange for Inter Milan midfielder Nicolo Barella according to reports. The Italian side are rumoured to have placed a £77 million transfer fee on Jurgen Klopp's target, which is beyond what the Anfield side are willing to pay. They are therefore looking at adding Keita to the deal in order to bring the price down. Barella is one of the key stars within the Inter squad and has another four years on his contract, hence the high asking price. The 39-times capped international played 48 games in all competitions for the Serie A runners up last season, scoring four goals and contributing a further 13 assists. Keita joined Liverpool in a £50million deal in 2018, inheriting Steven Gerrard’s famous number eight shirt. He has failed to properly impress at Liverpool, however, often finding himself left on the bench at the expense of the preferred midfield trio of Thiago, Fabinho and Jordan Henderson. Now he could be set to leave the club as a makeweight in a deal for the former Cagliari midfielder. According to Calcio Mercato, Jurgen Klopp is ‘bewitched’ by Barella’s performances and would like to work with him ‘at all costs’ despite the asking price. However, the Liverpool transfer hierarchy are unwilling to part with that sort of money for the player, especially after the significant expenditure spent on Darwin Nunez. The Italian outlet have reported that Liverpool are therefore prepared to see Keita depart the club in a swap deal for the midfielder. This is unlikely to be received positively in Milan with the club unwilling to entertain the idea of losing one of their most prestigious talents. Liverpool have already been very active within the summer transfer window with Aberdeen right-back Calvin Ramsey signing shortly after the club announced they had won the race for the highly sought after Nunez. Speaking to Liverpool’s club website on the signing of the Scottish defender, Klopp said: “Calvin is another exciting young player, so we’re very pleased “He has bags of potential. He is only 18 years old at the moment, although turns 19 soon and already has a decent number of first-team appearances for a defender of his age. “He is athletic, smart, confident, with good technical ability and – always crucial – is eager to learn. So there’s lots to like.” “We’re all really looking forward to working with him and seeing him improve and develop.” With the Anfield side’s midfield arguably being the weakest area of the team, Liverpool supporters will be hopeful to see Barella join Nunez and Ramsey within the team’s squad. This would give the Merseyside club improved quality in order to challenge for the quadruple again this season.