Wordle players have another puzzle to sink their teeth into this weekend, and while it's not as tricky as yesterday's brain teaser, it's still causing fans one or two problems. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of some spoiler-free hints for Wordle 365 on June 19. Just head to the bottom of the page for the latest hints. Good luck, because you might just need it. The word game that spawned a thousand clones, Wordle is the perfect game for when you have ten minutes to spare and need to relax. The concept is extremely simple, challenging players to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you can deduce that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you want to avoid losing your streak, keep on reading for the latest Wordle hints for the June 19 puzzle... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. I also like to use the word 'CRANE' as an opening guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 365 hints and clues for June 19... 1. Wordle 365 starts with the letter L. 2. Wordle 365 contains two vowels. 3. A famous Beck song, and an insult.