Lots of women going through the menopause watch what they eat for fear of gaining weight; a common symptom caused by the change. And experts have suggested that choosing one food group wisely is key to countering that weight gain. Fats are an important part of a healthy, balanced diet. They are a source of essential fatty acids, which the body cannot make itself. "They also add flavour and make food taste better", said nutrition expert Christine Palumbo. "It isn’t necessary or recommended to completely eliminate it from your diet altogether. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "You just need to learn how to be more choosy," she advised. Healthy fats such as omega-3 fatty acids, may benefit women going through menopause. A review study in 483 menopausal women concluded that omega-3 supplements decreased the frequency of hot flashes and the severity of night sweats. The healthiest fats are the ones that derive from vegetable sources like olives and nuts. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] But healthy fats such as those found in avocados, have the same number of calories as the fat found in an ice cream sundae. "An ounce of nuts has 170 calories, so you have to be very careful," said Ms Palumbo. "The same goes with extra virgin olive oil. "The American way is to go overboard, so you have to be extremely cautious when you use it and measure the amounts of fats and oils that you consume." READ MORE: Fitness: How to 'increase fat burning' in a heatwave - expert advice She also warned that eating out can be a slippery slope. "Restaurants are not in business to make us healthy," she warned. "They add a lot of flavour carriers, which are known as fats. "Salad dressings are one of the biggest sources of added fat in our diet, so be sure to order your salad with the dressing on the side." For menopausal women, the ketogenic diet is a high fat, very low carb diet that's often recommended to provide relief from menopause symptoms.