The Umbrella Academy season three is on Netflix now and it sees the original Hargreeves siblings take on the Sparrow Academy. The TV hit welcomes Sloane, a dreamer who has the ability to defy gravity. She develops romantic feelings for Luther (Tom Hopper) in the series and fans are keen to find out more about the star. Sloane is introduced in the first episode of the new season and she is not like the rest of her siblings. While her brothers and sisters are reluctant to trust The Umbrella Academy, Sloane remains open-minded. This is partly due to her attraction to Luther, and the pair spend a lot of time together throughout the series. Sloane has become a fan-favourite, with viewers commenting on the stunning actress who plays her. The character is played by Genesis Rodriguez, a 34-year-old American actress. READ MORE: Who is Lester Pocket in The Umbrella Academy? The actress and model's first roles were in Prisionera and Dame Chocolate. Fans may also recognise her from Casa de Mi Padre and What to Expect When You're Expecting. She was born in Florida and her mother, Luisa Carolina "Carol" Pérez Rodríguez, is a Cuban model. Her father, José Luis Rodríguez, is a Venezuelan actor and singer. The star also has siblings, Liliana Rodríguez and Lilibeth Morillo. Genesis is on Instagram and she regularly keeps fans up to date with her latest ventures. She has not given much away about her personal life, but she offers insight into her work and travels. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the star's latest role in The Umbrella Academy. @dramatichuss said: "Ok but #TheUmbrellaAcademy season 3 was GOOD. Like GOOD GOOD. "Love this series so much. I think we can all agree that we love Sloane." DON'T MISS... Who is Harlan Cooper in The Umbrella Academy? [INSIGHT] The Umbrella Academy season 3 ending explained: Where is Sloane? [EXPLAINER] Who play the Sparrows in The Umbrella Academy? [INSIGHT] @yuyansx added: "Sloane is so adorable I'm in love with her #TheUmbrellaAcademy" @_amberlewis__ shared: "I’m already in love with Sloane. #TheUmbrellaAcademy" @philklizzierhi_ added: "I want to punch each and every one of the Sparrows except for Sloane, she has to be protected #TheUmbrellaAcademy." The star's other credits include a recurring role on the NBC daytime soap Days of Our Lives. As well as American television, she has taken on a number of Spanish-language roles. The star has played leads Rosita Amado and Violeta Hurtado in the series Dame Chocolate on Telemundo. Fans may be interested to hear this is not the first time she has played a 'Sloane'. She starred as Detective Sloan Womack in The Fugitive in 2020.  The Umbrella Academy season 3 is on Netflix now.