The Duchess of Sussex was spotted from one of the windows overlooking Horse Guards Parade, from where the royals watched the Trooping the Colour parade, sharing an adorable moment with three young members of the Firm. Meghan, who returned to the UK overnight with Prince Harry, was photographed playfully pulling faces with Mia, Isla and Savannah. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** In another snap, Meghan appears to be getting closer to Savannah, who is seemingly ready to give her a kiss. The adorable children appeared to be delighted by the Duchess' sweet antics. While he was not spotted among the other royals, Prince Harry was also in attendance. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were in the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade, surrounded by their relatives. This marked Meghan and Harry's first public appearance during the extended weekend of celebrations for the Queen. And it also represented the first time they have been seen together during a major royal event since March 2020. Meghan and Harry last attended together a royal engagement two years ago, when they stepped into Westminster Abbey for the Commonwealth Day service. A few days later, the couple officially stepped down as senior royals, a move branded "Megxit", and relocated to California. READ MORE: Queen's presence in our lives for 70 years touches on the mystical After the parade, Meghan and Harry did not step onto the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside the Queen to watch the RAF flypast. This is because the Queen announced last month she would only be surrounded for this occasion by working members of the Firm. Nevertheless, the Duke and Duchess' return to the UK has been widely described as an olive branch and it is hoped Meghan and Harry will be able to bridge the gap with some of their royal relatives, widened not only by their decision to exit the Firm but also by the damaging claims the Sussexes made during their interview with Oprah Winfrey. Meghan and Harry are widely expected to attend a number of events open to extended family over the next few days. Among them, there is the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, which the Queen is also hoped to attend. If they do attend, the Duke and Duchess will be joined by most other members of the Royal Family including all the Queen's children and grandchildren and most of their great-grandchildren. Another event the Sussexes may take part in is the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday. On Saturday, however, the Sussexes have their own special milestone to mark - the first birthday of Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. Meghan and Harry travelled to the UK with their children, Archie and Lili. This is the first time their daughter is on British soil and presents a great opportunity for her to be introduced in person to the Queen and other members of the Firm. The royals will also be able to see in person just how much Archie has grown over the past years, as the boy was last in the UK in November 2019. The Sussex family is believed to be staying at Frogmore Cottage, on the grounds of the Windsor estate. This has been their home from early 2019 to November that year. And, as stated by Buckingham Palace, it remains their main base in the UK.