Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. She now has more than four million followers and shares more of her day-to-day life. Her fans share their own advice on dedicated forums, including tips on how to get rid of a “smelly” washing machine. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Val Lockwood wrote: “Advice required please. My washing machine is smelly. “I put disinfectant into the drum and did an empty wash. I have also put some in the drawer, cleaned the filter. Are there any other options?” Nasty smells in the washing machine can be caused by a combination of mould, mildew and bacteria. When clothes are put in the machine, body oil, dirt, and even hair can get trapped in the gasket, seal and detergent dispenser. READ MORE: Kate & William's move to Adelaide Cottage is 'a downsize' - see inside Combined with the hot washing temperatures, they are perfect grounds for bacteria to thrive. A washing machine needs to be cleaned regularly, including the seal, drawer and drum to combat musty smells. Taking to the comments, cleaning fans shared their top tips. Nicola Murray wrote: “I use a small scoop of soda crystals in every wash.” DON'T MISS:How much water should you give plants in containers? Try the 10% rule [EXPLAINER]Pruning ‘mistakes’ to avoid ‘permanently’ damaging garden plants [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 ‘game-changing’ hack to unblock sinks [COMMENT] Lisa Lewin said: “I do too!” Gemma Morris commented: “I use soda crystals all the time, it works wonders.” There are many benefits to using soda crystals in the washing machine, both in each wash and as a deep clean every so often. They help to eliminate gunk and clean out any bacteria. Soda crystals can be picked up in a large bag for as little as 80p. The amount of crystals needed depends on the water hardness as they can also target limescale. If you live in a medium water area, 25g of soda crystals can be used in the drum, compared to 50g for those living in a hard water area. According to Dri Park, a company who produces a range of cleaning products, soda crystals soften the water to help prevent limescale building up on internal surfaces. Group members also recommended using white vinegar to clean the rest of the washing machine. Bacteria and fungus can also grow in the seal and the detergent drawer. White vinegar can help to target odours as well as kill germs due to its high acetic acid content. Lisa Chapman said: “I put white vinegar on a piece of kitchen roll and put it in the seal overnight. “I wipe it away in the morning and the gunk completely disappears.”