On Friday, Violet Cakes Bakery in London shared a photo of the custom pink floral creation for Lilibet's big day, which she celebrated in Windsor June 4 during her great-grandmother's Platinum Jubilee. The Duke and Duchess spared no expense on Lilibets first ever cake as it reportedly cost a whopping £244, the Daily Mail claims. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex brought both of their children, Lilibet and three-year-old brother Archie, for the Jubilee honouring the Queen's 70 years on the throne.  It was Lilibet's first visit to the UK and the first time she met the Queen, 96. On Instagram Friday, Violet Cakes owner and baker Claire Ptak offered details about the special birthday cake, writing: “The inside was the Amalfi lemon and elderflower cake I created for the Duke and Duchess's wedding in 2018, but this time we covered it with a strawberry buttercream specially for Lilibet.” In another post, Ms Ptak can be seen putting the finishing touches on the cake, captioning the photo: “It was an absolute pleasure to make this special cake last week for Lilibet's birthday. Wishing her a very happy year ahead!” The cake also featured white and pink peonies, and was topped with strawberries.   The one-year-old is named after the monarch, as Lilibet was the Queen's childhood nickname. On June 4, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex invited close friends and family to gather for a “casual, intimate backyard picnic” at their Frogmore Cottage home, a spokesperson for the couple shared upon the release of a photo to mark Lilibet's birthday. The family also released a gorgeous photo of their daughter, taken by family friend Misan Harriman, who attended the casual, intimate backyard picnic alongside his family. In the snap, the young girl wears a baby blue dress with a white bow in her hair. READ MORE: Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic  She has gorgeous ginger hair, similar to her father Harry and older brother Archie. Mr Harriman shared another photograph on his own Instagram account which showed Meghan and Lili smiling happily alongside his wife Camilla and his two kids. Captioning the snap, he wrote: "It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around." Members of the Royal Family also marked Lilibet's big milestone on social media, with Queen Elizabeth, Prince William and Kate Middleton and Prince Charles and Camilla's official accounts sharing birthday tributes to Lili. DON'T MISS:GB news: Boris Johnson ‘undermined’ Brexit and must step down as PMUkraine would've ‘already won war’ with better weapons ‘I'm not joking!’ Erdogan warning to Greece