BBC Breakfast presenter Jon Kay tore into RMT boss Mick Lynch about proposed rail strikes in June which are set to be the "biggest since 1989". Lynch told viewers on Wednesday train drivers have been waiting for a pay rise for years and stressed strikes are necessary to defend thousands of jobs. However, Kay reminded him the average salary of a train driver is £54,000, telling him "it's a big salary". After hearing Lynch explain why union members "need a pay deal" and "need job security", Kay read out some statistics on salaries. The journalist said: "The Royal College of Nursing says the average nurse earns £33,000 a year and we all know what they have been through during the pandemic. "According to Glassdoor the average salary of a train driver is £54,000 a year - and that's a big salary." READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting The union boss clapped back at Kay, saying: "Well that's not relevant, is it? "You are quoting a particular grain and the vast majority of the people in this dispute are on salaries between £25,000 and £30,000. "The median salary of a railway worker which we represent is £31,000 which is below the Royal College of Nursing figure you quoted." He continued: "Many of our members are low paid and they are having to take statutory benefits off the Government in order to get through this crisis."  "They are facing the cost of living crisis like everyone else," he raged. He stressed how "everyone in the country deserves a pay rise" as "their companies are ripping them off". Kay was concerned about how people across the country will be affected by the proposed rail strikes which are due to start on June 21. He stressed people who need to commute to work, and those who have booked tickets to attend music festivals and sporting events will be "really disrupted" by the strikes. DON'T MISS...Dan Walker left 'in tears' over former BBC Breakfast colleague [LATEST]'You're still under investigation!' Angela Rayner blasted by Jon Kay [UPDATE]Naga Munchetty health: BBC star on her painful injury - symptoms [HEALTH] "They can't do those things from home, can they?" Kay added. "They are going to be really shocked and upset by this." Lynch apologised for the disruption which "people may have to suffer" but explained there was "never a good time to have a railway dispute". He added: "Whichever time was chosen would cause disruption and I apologise for that as I don't want that to happen. "I want to serve the communities, I want the economy to be sound and I want people using public transport for the sake of our climate and the environment."  Scores of BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to comment on the debate, with @Hitch claiming: "This is political. Railway workers are on good pay, they have great terms and conditions, a fantastic pension and some workers have free rail travel for life. And they certainly give out fantastic redundancy packages." Keith added: "Fight for workers' rights or whatever but strikes that do affect the whole country should be banned! I will never support those who go through with a strike when thousands of other jobs are equally as affected but can't!" However, Lisa Smith said: "When on strike staff lose a day’s [pay]- at a time when most workers are struggling financially- this is not an easy decision!" BBC Breakfast continues daily on BBC One from 6am. 