Amanda Owen has come under criticism in recent months after some claimed she is "no longer a shepherd" after she switched her country look for more glamourous attire after finding fame on Our Yorkshire Farm. In a new interview, the 47-year-old has since vowed to continue wearing show-stopping outfits, as she rejected the backlash. The mum-of-nine previously spoke out after she was slammed for wearing a pair of stilettos and a bodycon dress last year. Amanda had previously told fans "it's still all about the farm" and her occasional glam appearance - and the huge media attention it brings with it - doesn't stop her from being a shepherdess. Her comments came in July, when she ditched her farm duties and swapped her work clothes for a figure-hugging long sleeved black dress. The Channel 5 star shared the photos via her Instagram account which saw some criticise the popular shepherdess. READ MORE: Kate Bush's final appearance unveiled amid Stranger Things success Amanda is now gearing up to headline The Game Fair next month in a new move away from Ravenseat Farm. Speaking about what visitors can expect to see from her, the familiar face did not hold back. Amanda commented: "Big earrings, inappropriate clothing and plain speaking "Whatever they expect I won’t be it."  The Channel 5 favourite also spoke about her personality and admitted she is a lover of dance and rave music, and added she sometimes doesn't bother taking off her makeup before going to sleep at night. "I will tell you three things: I have a love of rave and dance music," she commented. "I don’t have any neighbours so I can listen to it as loud as I like when the kids are out at school." Amanda went on: "I also sometimes go to sleep in my makeup and after a quick tidy up the next morning I am good to go. And lastly, I have a tattoo of a sheep – a tramp stamp! DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp says show was stopped after Prince William's arrival[LATEST]Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air[TV]Julia Fox makes jaws drop as she dons all-leather look[PICTURES] "Once upon a time it was a very neat Swaledale but after nine children I’m a bit stretched so it might not look so much like a sheep anymore." Meanwhile, The Yorkshire Shepherdess is headlining at The Game Fair this year – creating a farmhouse breakfast menu for the restaurant, mingling with diners, appearing on stage in the cookery theatre and being interviewed in the chat show style Game Fair Theatre. The three-day event which is being held at Ragley Hall in Warwickshire gives visitors the opportunity to meet Amanda. Elsewhere, the on-screen star recently announced she had split from her husband Clive Owen. The couple, who both appear on Our Yorkshire Farm with their nine children, have called it quits after 21 years of marriage. In a joint statement, they said: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. This hasn’t been easy, but we both believe it’s the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time." The Game Fair will be held at Ragley Hall, Warwickshire from 29-31 July. You can purchase tickets here.