Trade unions have a crucial role to play in the public and private sector and at their best are a valuable bridge between management and workers. But members should reject aggressive union bosses who love the limelight and support strikes which will hurt wider society.  Shutting down the rail network at a time when the economy is struggling is destructive and self-indulgent. Strikes that would unleash travel chaos this summer and derail family travel plans would be simply cruel. Similarly, education unions should not contemplate industrial action when young people have suffered such disruption to their studies during the pandemic. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng is right to warn that strikes are "an unprovoked kick in the teeth for small businesses across the land". And Suella Braverman has described the need to "nip union militancy in the bud". Giant pay increases would send inflation higher and heap more pain on the lowest-paid workers.  Nobody should feel nostalgia for the grim and painful days when governments were regularly in conflict with unions. The damage to the economy was only matched by the turmoil families suffered; at a time of fierce international competition, the UK cannot afford an orgy of acrimony. Britain should aspire to be a high-wage economy where people find fulfilment in excellent jobs, but this will be achieved through investment and improvements in productivity, skills and infrastructure. A spate of selfish strikes would sabotage such regeneration, and a resurgence in union militancy would only lead to misery.  Red tape has been torched and neurologists on the frontline of the fight against Motor Neurone Disease (MND) should now be able to access £50million of research funding. We were proud to back the campaign for the cash and are excited there is now the prospect that game-changing treatments will be unlocked. Bureaucracy should not be allowed to hold back innovation, especially not when families are desperate for medical breakthroughs.We are glad that Government has seen sense and wish the scientists the very best in their critical work. Armed Forces Day yesterday brought communities across the UK together to salute the courage and skills of the men and women who defend our freedoms. The sacrifices of those who battled tyrants' armies in the past will never be forgotten, and those who wear the uniforms of the services today are an inspiration. We thank them for their dedication to duty and wish them safety in every endeavour.