Haesten (played by Jeppe Beck Laursen) had a complete change of heart in his final moments protecting Uhtred (Alexander Dreymon) and his friends during the infiltration of Bebbanburg in season five of The Last Kingdom. While the Danish warrior was ultimately deemed worthy of Valhalla, Jeppe revealed his last moments in the Netflix drama initially looked rather different. Jeppe revealed his pitch for Haesten’s death scene was sadly scrapped in the final edit. The Danish warrior and enemy-turned-occasional-ally for Uhtred of Bebbanburg went out in spectacular fashion in The Last Kingdom’s final season. Uhtred’s usually cowardly friend stunned viewers when he made a stand and sacrificed his life for the siege of Bebbanburg. “I really wanted to do it well,” Jeppe explained. “I wanted to make a shift in the audience.” READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Before he filmed the pivotal scene, Jeppe took inspiration from his character’s usual MO to propose how Haesten could react to the fatal blow. He told the Screen Chronicles podcast: “But also, I had an idea first. “When you’re in big trouble, you kind of revert to your own reflexes, you know? “So, what I really wanted was to get stabbed, and then just try to walk away with the sword in… to just escape the situation.” In accordance with Haesten’s previous appearances, Jeppe believed it would fit better with the character if he once again tried to walk away from the situation. “Because of the reflexes… because that’s what he’s been doing his whole life, just, ‘Okay, get out of there’,” he explained. However, the sequence didn’t quite go according to plan, and the show’s producer’s returned to their original idea for Haesten’s valiant end. “And I tried it and I didn’t feel like I made it work the way I wanted,” Jeppe added. “So we reverted to what we have now, which is nice.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone 1923: Prequel series undergoes title change [LATEST]NCIS LA fans send tributes as Daniela Ruah celebrates milestone [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sam Heughan admits filming is ‘troublesome’ [INTERVIEW] While his character’s death scene didn’t exactly pan out how Jeppe wanted, the crew was respectful enough to give him some time to himself to reflect on the end of Haesten’s journey. “Before we did the stabbing thing, I had to just take a moment,” he recalled. “Just, ‘Can I get one minute by this bonfire right here?’ So, like, 50 people stood there and waited respectfully. It was amazing.” Jeppe also confirmed Haesten did, in fact, make it into Valhalla, as some fans weren’t sure if he had fulfilled the requirements by dying with a sword in his hands. He assured viewers: “Thing is, I grab the sword when I’m on my way down. “When I’m on my knees, I grab it and then fall over. I don’t remember if you can see it. It’s great to know [he made it].” Haesten sadly won’t be joining Uhtred for his last quest in the upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die, but his legacy will surely live on for fans of the hit medieval drama. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.