Tottenham have a number of other attackers on their radar in addition to Raphinha and Richarlison, according to reports. Spurs are expected to bolster their firing line before the start of the 2022/23 season and a dynamic, versatile forward in top of the agenda. Ideally, Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici want to secure the services of a player capable of playing in multiple roles across the front three. The Brazilian duo tick that box but neither will come cheap with Leeds and Everton set to demand upwards of £50million. For that reason, Spurs need to ensure they have other targets in mind in case there is little progress on Raphinha and Richarlison. According to Football.London, Lucas Paqueta, Brennan Johnson and James Maddison are among the names attracting interest. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations Paqueta is understood to be a target for Newcastle this summer, who are yet to make their move for the Lyon man. The Brazilian has a close friendship with Bruno Guimaraes and would welcome the chance to join forces with his former team-mate on Tyneside. Meanwhile, Johnson is a player who has been personally watched by Paratici this season, alongside Djed Spence. The Welshman scored 18 times and registered 10 assists in the Championship last season to fire Nottingham Forest to promotion. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony He is a player attracting Premier League interest but Johnson is in no rush to leave Forest now they're back in the big time. Furthermore, Maddison is a player of long-standing interest to Spurs, who have previously explored a deal for the attacking midfielder. Although he is committed to Leicester, he is a player that would represent a smart acquisition if they were to push ahead with a deal. Other names that are reportedly on Tottenham's radar are Allan Saint-Maximin and Adama Traore. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer Traore has returned to Wolves following a brief loan spell with former club Barcelona. The Catalan giants are unlikely to sign him on a permanent basis, leaving the door open for Spurs to return for the jet-heeled Spaniard. They tried to sign him in January to play right wing-back before Barca pipped them to a loan deal that quite simply hasn't worked out. Tottenham are expected to sanction the sale of Steven Bergwijn to Ajax while Bryan Gil is attracting loan interest from Marseille.