The Duke of York’s daughters have so far remained tight-lipped over the scandal surrounding their father, which prompted the Queen to strip her son of his royal and military titles. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said the princesses, who have recently become first-time mothers, would be “much distressed” by the scandal but it would not “impact” their day to day lives because of their families and high-flying jobs outside of the Firm.  There had been suggestions the Queen’s granddaughters would increase their attendance at royal engagements after Megxit, Prince Philip’s death and Prince Andrew's withdrawal from public duties created a vacuum at the top. Princess Beatrice took her place in the the royal carriage procession at Royal Ascot alongside her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi on Wednesday. It comes amid reports Prince Andrew is pushing for his daughters to become working royals as he takes a step back from the spotlight, according to the Daily Telegraph. But Mr Fitzwillaims said their roles were “unlikely to change”. He told Express.co.uk: “I don’t think their situation is likely to change in the foreseeable future. “They have jobs, families and are not working royals though they carry out occasional royal engagements.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice breaks royal tradition at Ascot with Edo “They will obviously be much distressed by what has happened to their father’s reputation, but it isn’t likely to impact on their day to day lives.” Princess Beatrice, 32, and Princess Eugenie, 31, were raised by their parents, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, as private citizens and both have careers outside the Firm. Beatrice works for a software company and Eugenie is the director of an art gallery.  DON'T MISS Princess Beatrice lets slip new title as she unveils sweet tribute [INSIGHT]Like Mike and Zara Tindall! Eugenie and Beatrice tipped to step up [OPINION]Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op [CLAIM] Although the pair are regular attendees at royal events, they do not conduct official duties. The Duke of York stopped using his HRH style and was stripped of his prestigious honorary military roles by the Queen after Virginia Giuffre brought a civil sexual assault case against him. Earlier this year, Andrew reached a multimillion-pound out-of-court settlement in the civil sexual assault case, which was not an admission of guilt.  He has repeatedly denied the claims. Earlier this week, Prince Andrew was forced out of sight at the Garter Day procession after Prince William and Prince Charles lobbied the Queen.  As the Prince of Wales, Duke of Cambridge and other senior royals processed through the grounds of Windsor Castle for a church service commemorating the Order of the Garter on Monday, Andrew stayed behind closed doors. Prince Andrew is said to have been “confused and crushed” by the decision to keep him away, according to royal sources.