On June 2, the Queen will be joined by senior working royals at the Trooping the Colour parade. During the special event to mark her 70-year reign, Her Majesty will use the traditional Buckingham Palace balcony appearance to thank those within the Royal Family that she calls her "substitutes". Speaking on Sky News, Vanity Fair's Royal Correspondent Katie Nicholl discussed this momentous occasion. Ms Nicholl said: "Don't forget you are going to have the Duke of Kent, the Gloucesters, the Wessexes, Princess Anne. Speaking to host Piers Morgan, she added: "When you think back to the Diamond [Jubilee in 2012], and you'll remember this as well, it was very much about the streamlined Royal Family. "It was just the Queen, the Cambridges, Charles and Camilla". She added: "So I think this is very important to the Queen that she is having an opportunity to thank those that she calls 'my substitutes', the people that stood in." READ MORE: Jubilee LIVE: 'Proud to be British!' Mall crowd packed - Meghan & Harry in dramatic return ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Mr Morgan calls them "the workers" and the ones who "put the work in". On May 6, a statement was released by Buckingham Palace. The statement read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen." Despite this, the sovereign will be joined by a few non-working members of the Firm. These will include Princess Anne's husband, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's three children, the two children of the Earl and Countess of Wessex. READ MORE: Lilibet Diana and Archie tipped to 'hold a route back' into royal fold for Prince Harry In recent months, the 96-year-old has had to pull out of some royal duties due to ill health, in particular her mobility struggles. For such events, other members of the Royal Family have stepped in to represent the monarch. On May 10, the Queen was absent from this year's State Opening of Parliament and Prince Charles stepped in to attend the event and read the Queen's speech. It was the first time that the Queen missed the constitutional ceremony, which sets out the government's legislative plans, since 1963. DON'T MISS Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'will only curtsy to the Queen' at Jubilee - claim [VIDEO]