Staples of a spice lover’s diet - red chillies, cayenne and jalapenos - all contain an active ingredient thought to reduce your risk of potentially life shortening conditions such as heart disease and obesity. Known as capsaicin, the chemical compound has anti-inflammatory properties. Reducing inflammation prevents the build up of plaque in your blood vessels that can cause health issues. Training and nutrition specialist from the Freeletics app, David Wiener, explained: “Eating a balanced diet packed with fruit and vegetables is always an easy answer, but now spicy foods have shown to have a great impact. “Red chillies provide you with nutrients like vitamins B, C and A. “But they also include an active ingredient called capsaicin, which protects against both heart disease and obesity, which can also be found in cayenne and jalapenos.” Popular dishes containing red chillies include jalfrezi curry from India and Thai red curry. READ MORE: Knee pain: The simple and free exercise proven to slash knee pain by 40% - new study This advice was backed by Mayo Clinic cardiovascular disease researcher, Dr DeLisa Fairweather. She added: “Hot peppers, or even green or red peppers, are able to reduce heart disease and reduce death from heart disease. "There really could be important benefits that you could have from eating hot chilli peppers, especially in their ability to reduce some of these immune cell responses that are driving atherosclerosis and heart attacks.” According to the British Heart Foundation, heart and circulatory diseases cause a quarter of all deaths in the UK.  DON'T MISS  More than 160,000 deaths nationally are caused by heart and circulatory diseases each year. This works out as an average of 460 deaths each day, or one every three minutes. And coronary heart disease is the most prevalent type of heart disease. It is the most common cause of heart attack and was the single biggest killer of both and men and women worldwide in 2019.  “Coronary heart disease is the term that describes what happens when your heart's blood supply is blocked or interrupted by a build-up of fatty substances in the coronary arteries,” the NHS says. “Over time, the walls of your arteries can become furred up with fatty deposits. “This process is known as atherosclerosis and the fatty deposits are called atheroma.” People who are most at risk of developing heart disease include heavy drinkers as well as those with high cholesterol, high blood pressure or diabetes.  The NHS recommends maintaining a healthy lifestyle to lower your risk. This includes: The main symptoms of coronary heart disease are chest pain (angina), shortness of breath, pain throughout the body, feeling faint and feeling sick. 