Izzie Balmer will be offering her expertise on the latest edition of BBC One's Bargain Hunt. The much-loved antiques show will see Izzie and fellow expert Ben Cooper help the red and blue teams in Nottinghamshire. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the valuer is. When she is not helping out on Bargain Hunt, Izzie works as an auctioneer and valuer at Wessex Auctions. Fans will also recognise her from her appearances on the BBC's Antiques Road Trip. She recently attended a charity auction along with artist Grayson Perry and continues to share her love for her job on social media. The star opened up about how she had no money or job when she left university, so she did some work experience at a local auction house. She is now travelling around the country looking for the best bargains on both antiques shows. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Danny Sebastian laments ‘lonely, tiresome' job Izzie was born in January 1989, so this makes her 33 years old. She previously opened up about working in a male-dominated industry, telling Stylist: "I do sometimes get older men presuming that I don't know anything. "It's just a matter of overcoming their preconceived ideas, winning them round and gaining their confidence." The star said she has always been a fan of jewellery and could not think of anything else she would rather do. Besides auctioneering, the expert is a classical musician and was a member of the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain. Specialising in the viola, she joined the orchestra at 16 years old. She said she had planned to be a professional musician but did not enjoy music college. The talented musician still plays to this day and she shared an Instagram update in May 2022. As the tallest member of the group in the photo, she said: "Had a fabulous time playing with my quartet at a wedding this afternoon. "Naturally any photographs have to be in descending height order." DON'T MISS... Bargain Hunt confirms three new presenters to join BBC series [INSIGHT] Bargain Hunt’s Izzie Balmer gives insight into career away from BBC [INTERVIEW] Bargain Hunt’s Izzie Balmer opens up on career change ‘Wasn’t for me' [INSIGHT] The jewellery is part of the Cotswold String Quartet based in Gloucestershire. On social media, she does not give too much away about her personal life, including her relationships. However, she often shares snaps from social days out and, of course, of her work. Her latest event was a charity auction at the Royal West of England Academy, along with Grayson Perry. Posing alongside the renowned artist, she said on Instagram: "Thank you @rwabristol for inviting me to be your auctioneer at your fantastic charity evening in support of underprivileged and disabled children and making art accessible to them. "I was completely out-styled by Mr @alanmeasles, what an absolute legend." Her favourite items at auction include Georgian furniture, Arts and Crafts silver and jewellery, Scandinavian jewellery, Art Deco textiles and Lalique glass. As well as her television appearances, Izzie travels the country to hold talks and valuation days. She also takes part in radio interviews and takes to the rostrum at Wessex Auction Rooms.  Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One on weekdays at 12.15pm