John Fury has picked Anthony Joshua to overcome the odds and reclaim his titles against Oleksandr Usyk in their second fight later this year. Joshua’s do-or-die rematch with Usyk will see the Brit attempt to win back the WBA 'super', WBO and IBF titles after losing them to the Ukrainian in September. The pair are set to square off again on August 20 at the Jeddah Superdome in Saudi Arabia with the winner rumoured to face WBC champion, Tyson Fury, for the undisputed crown next. In a recent interview, Tyson’s father John weighed in on his prediction for the Saudi showdown and revealed he is picking AJ. “I just want AJ to achieve,” he told Pro Boxing Fans. “Because for my money now he’s underachieved, because he’s better than what you’re seeing. He just needs the right people around him. I’ll always have time for AJ. He’s given us some great nights, he’s ducked nobody, he’s fought them all. “Whoever they’ve put in front of AJ, give him credit he’s fought them. Yes, ok he’s lost, but he’s boxed hasn’t he. So, give the kid credit, he’s still only a very young man and I do believe with his size and strength and a bit more oil in his can and a bit more brain used, he can win his title for the third time and then who knows? You might get the big GK [Gypsy King] back! But, good luck to Anthony, he’s a nice kid.” ‘The Gypsy King’ announced his retirement from professional boxing in April after stopping Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium. Since the announcement, Tyson has claimed he would return to the ring to face the winner of Usyk-Joshua for a staggering £500m purse. MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul vs Fury finally gets green light after last gasp breakthrough Fury shares theory why Joshua has picked a 'good time' to rematch Usyk Joshua gives brutally honest verdict on first Usyk The statement came after reports suggested Tyson would unretire for a £200m payday, but Tyson told talkSPORT: “Even that £200million report today, that didn’t even tempt me. That would be like half of what I would want to come out of retirement. I’d probably want half a billi to come out of retirement. I’m telling you the truth, if you want me out of retirement it’s gonna cost half a billi.” John’s prediction for the rematch is not shared by his son Tyson because the Mancunian puncher believes Usyk is ‘too good’ of a boxer for AJ. "I just think that Usyk's too good of a boxer for AJ and I don't think AJ has got the ability to pressurise him for 12 rounds, drag him into a dog fight and knock him out," Fury told combat sports reporter Gareth A Davies during an interview on his YouTube channel "You have to be an elite, special human being for that and I don't think Joshua possesses that will to win to do that. He's happy to come second place, he's too easily happy to come second position. If you're willingly settled for second, say no more.”