The Sussexes secretly arrived by private jet and were greeted by three of the Queen’s protection officers, reports claim. Bullet-proof cars took them, plus children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one on Saturday, from Farnborough Airport, Hants, to Frogmore Cottage, Windsor.  An insider told the Sun: “The Queen believed it was the right thing to do.” An official photograph of the Queen has been released ahead of celebrations to mark her Platinum Jubilee. The portrait, by Ranald Mackechnie, was taken in the Victoria Vestibule at Windsor Castle earlier this year. In her Jubilee message the monarch thanked people for organising events to celebrate her milestone, saying “many happy memories” would be created.   Millions are gearing up for street parties to mark 70 years on the throne over the four-day bank holiday weekend. There are also a series of official events starting with Thursday's Trooping of the Colour parade and ending on Sunday with a Jubilee Pageant through London. In her Jubilee message the monarch said: “I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last 70 years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm.” In a message shared in today’s official Platinum Jubilee programme, the Queen sent her thanks to the millions preparing street parties and hanging out the bunting. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry awarded 'exceptional status' ahead of Jubilee  She said: “Thank you to everyone who has been involved in convening communities, families, neighbours and friends to mark my Platinum Jubilee, in the United Kingdom and across the Commonwealth. “I know that many happy memories will be created at these festive occasions. “I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last seventy years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm.” The 96-year-old monarch, who has mobility issues and has recently cancelled several public appearances, is likely to join members of the Royal Family on the balcony at Buckingham Palace to watch the display. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'Snobbish!' Breakthrough plan savaged as 'best' excludedRussian Ministers accused of committing over 15k suspected war crimesOlaf Scholz loses grip in EU as Eastern Europe turns away On Thursday evening, more than 3,000 beacons will be lit across the UK and the Commonwealth in tribute to the Queen, with the Tree of Trees beacon illuminated outside the palace. The monarch is to lead the lighting of the principal Jubilee beacon in a special ceremony at Windsor Castle, Buckingham Palace said. 