Danny Miller has revealed his upcoming new role, after he quit Emmerdale back in 2021 and starred on I’m a Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! The 31-year-old will be performing on stage in a pantomime. Former Aaron Dingle actor Danny announced he would be playing the lead role in Jack and the Beanstalk in Bradford. The Twitter account for Bradford Theatre posted a promotional photo featuring Danny in his costume alongside comedian Billy Pearce, and Ru Paul’s Drag Race UK star Divina de Campo. “We're so excited that @emmerdale star & King of the Jungle @DannyBMiller and RuPaul’s Drag Race UK runner-up & musical theatre performer @Divinadecampo will be joining @1billypearce in this year's #alhambratheatrebradford panto Jack and the Beanstalk,” read the message. The post also gave the running dates for the production - Saturday 10th December 2022 to Sunday 22nd January 2023. Danny re-posted the tweet, adding: “Oh yes I am! Etc,” alongside starry eyed emojis. His fans were delighted at the news and flocked to share their congratulations. Katy gushed: “Just sooo happy @DannyBMiller eek you're wonderful and actually doing panto at one of my local theatre's really means everything and I seem to keep crying lol cant wait to see you xx”. Ian added: “What fantastic casting. Totally brilliant to hear this.” Jez wrote: “So excited for this!” Danny first shot to fame when he played Kyle Brown in the BBC drama Grange Hill at the tender age of 16. He then took over the role of Aaron in Emmerdale in 2008, before announcing he was leaving three years later. His final scenes aired in 2012, and Danny went on to star in the ITV drama Lightfields and the BBC film Jamaica Inn. DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [PICTURES]Tearful Fern Britton admits her children 'kept me alive' in dark times [ADMISSION]Paul O'Grady urged to move house after finding 'cursed' item in garden [WARNING] Jack and the Beanstalk isn’t his first panto either - the dad-of-one previously starred as Prince Charming in Cinderella. Danny went on to play Rob Waddington in detective drama Scott & Bailey from 2013-2014, before returning to Emmerdale to reprise his role of Aaron, and leaving once again in 2021. That same year, he won the 21st series of I’m a Celebrity, with Coronation Street’s Simon Gregson coming in second place and Frankie Bridge third. Danny had recently welcomed a baby boy named Albert with his fiancee Steph Jones, after they had been previously told they would struggle to conceive. Danny hit back at criticism he faced for leaving Steph with a newborn for several weeks while he was in the Welsh castle. Speaking on the Act On This podcast, he said: "People think it's out of order, but there are people who work for a [lower] wage who have to go away and provide for their family who work in the Army, who don't get contact and don't get to see them for six months. "This is three weeks of my life and Albert isn't really going to remember me being there or not. "Steph is doing amazing with breastfeeding, she's an amazing mum. It gave me even more confidence to want to go to the Castle and provide for the family."