Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has begged the government to take action regarding the farming industry in a desperate video on Twitter. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has now responded to his plea for them to “prioritise” farming in a video of his own. In view of his 7.7million followers, Jeremy said in the clip: “Hi, I’m Jeremy Clarkson, and in the next Parliament I would like to see the government prioritising farming. “We’ve been asked to diversify, and when we try to do that, the local authorities tell us we can’ - that needs addressing,” he added in the post uploaded this morning. By the afternoon, the Prime Minister’s official Twitter account had replied. “Thanks for this Jeremy, the PM has seen this and his response is incoming,” read the message from Boris Johnson’s spokesperson. Shortly afterwards, Mr Johnson appeared in a video filmed on a farm, responding to Jeremy's concerns. He said he hoped Jeremy had taken a look at his food strategy, which promised to "back British farming" and "eating more of what we grow here". The PM said he was keen to ensure farmers have access to the labour they need, and support when it comes to fuel and fertiliser costs, as well as "innovation". "We are putting alot of money into new technology," he continued. "I have just been looking at a machine that can plant 150,000 cabbages, Jeremy, every day. "But what we want to do particularly for farmers, and I know you care about this a lot, is to ensure that we say that when farmers want to develop their property, when they want to turn a barn into a bistro or whatever they want to do, we will make sure the computer does not say no and we help them. "Help farmers make the most of their crops and the most of their land as well." Jeremy has since replied to Mr Johnson's video with another tweet. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden, 51, stuns fans as she goes braless in all-white outfit [PICTURES]Victoria Beckham stuns as she unveils hidden side to personality [INSIGHT]Robbie Williams slept with drug dealer before first date with Ayda [ADMISSION] "Excellent news. Let’s hope the district councils and the silly red trouser people now back down," he wrote back. "Britain needs food grown in Britain." Some Twitter users took issue with the speed at which Jeremy received a reply, insisting it was only due to his fame. Andrew wrote: “Policy by TV personality now!”  Liam replied: “Could also be to do with the fact he owns and runs a farm…” Andrew retorted: “D'you think so? Never thought of that. The one he's has for, ooh, 2 years. “Other farmers have the same access to the PM? “I'm not suggesting what JC says is wrong but that the PM listens to him and reacts. Just shows how policy is made.”