Arsenal may be wise to snub a transfer for Manchester City ace Gabriel Jesus this summer and instead turn their attentions to either Victor Osimhen, Alexander Isak or Gianluca Scamacca. The Gunners have been tipped to prise Jesus away from the Etihad Stadium a year before his contract runs out. Arsenal are set to lose striker Alexandre Lacazette at the end of the month when his contract expires. The France international, who made 205 appearances for the club, will return to his former team Lyon in his homeland. The north Londoners also lost Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January after they agreed to terminate his contract so he could sign for Barcelona. That means Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is currently relying on Eddie Nketiah, who penned a new deal last week, as his main frontman. So the Spaniard will want to bolster his attack ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. Arteta worked with Jesus during his time as Pep Guardiola’s assistant at the Etihad Stadium. And a move for the Brazil international could yet prove to be a sagacious piece of business. But Jesus is set to link-up with his country later this year to play at the World Cup in Qatar. JUST IN: Arsenal told to buy alternative Prem star despite Gabriel Jesus belief  Brazil have an outstanding record at World Cups and are among the favourites to land the trophy for a record-extending sixth time this year. And that means Jesus could rack-up plenty of minutes and expend invaluable energy before the halfway stage of the Premier League season has even been reached. Napoli star Osimhen plays for Nigeria, Real Sociedad ace Isak is Swedish and Sassuolo genius Scamacca represents Italy. And, incredibly, none of those countries have qualified for this winter’s tournament. Arsenal have been linked with all three players recently. So if Arteta can get his hands on one of them, he could land a player who could prove to be a lot fresher than some other forwards in the Premier League come the start of 2023.    Arsenal will be desperate to secure a top-four Premier League finish next season after missing out on Champions League qualification on the final day of the last campaign. And they have discovered that a top-four spot can often be decided by fine margins. With Tottenham striker Harry Kane and Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo set to spearhead their respective countries’ attacks in Qatar, those players could be jaded by the time the latter months of next season arrive. And if Arsenal are in possession of a striker with a bit more left in the tank, they might well seal their return to the Champions League. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 