He was reportedly struck down by a "sharp sickness". The Russian leader is said to have been advised against making "lengthy" public appearances. Speaking on the General SVR Telegram channel, reportedly run by a Kremlin insider, it was claimed that Putin "needed urgent medical assistance" from doctors after suffering from "sharp sickness, weakness and dizziness". His symptoms developed after he stood up from his desk following a 90-minute virtual meeting. The Telegram channel claimed that this recent spell of poor health is the reason the Kremlin leader has postponed the annual "Direct Line" live broadcast. The broadcast traditionally sees the Russian leader answer questions from ordinary Russian people. While it was initially thought to be taking place in late June or early July, it has now been taken off the agenda with no date fixed for the event. There has been mounting speculation over Putin's health in recent months.  Last month, an oligarch with close ties to the Kremlin was reportedly recorded claiming that Putin is "very ill with blood cancer". In the recording obtained by US magazine New Lines, said to be from mid-March, the unnamed oligarch discussed Putin’s health. He was also heard saying "we all hope" Putin dies, adding: "He absolutely ruined Russia’s economy, Ukraine’s economy and many other economies — ruined [them] absolutely. "The problem is with his head. One crazy guy can turn the world upside down." New Lines magazine also reported that officers in Russia's main security agency, the Federal Security Service (FSB), have been ordered not to speculate about Putin's health. A memo was reportedly sent out ordering people to ignore speculation that the president only had months left to live. This comes as Putin's invasion of Ukraine appears to be stalling, with Russian forces taking heavy losses. Since the invasion of Ukraine began on February 24 2022, more than 25,000 Russian soldiers have been killed, according to Ukrainian estimates.  The UK Ministry of Defence's more conservative estimate puts Russian casualties at at least 15,000. This is the same number of soldiers that were killed in the Afghanistan war, which lasted for nine years. Ukrainian forces have also claimed to have destroyed 199 Russian aircraft, 155 helicopters and 341 unmanned aerial vehicles. A total of 1,122 tanks, 2,713 armoured vehicles and 509 artillery systems are also thought to have been destroyed.