Those who have kitchens that have seen better days but they don’t have a huge budget to transform it, take inspiration from this budget renovation. Sarah Weds, 45, a carer and mum of two from Newcastle upon Tyne, transformed her kitchen from an uninspiring room into a gorgeously on-trend space full of on-trend accents. She used budget materials such as tile stickers, vinyl floor tiles and B&M accessories to keep the costs down. Sarah told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK: "The council fitted a new kitchen in March 2020 just before lockdown. "I decided it was my chance to get my kitchen just how I’d like it at last. "I supplied my own worktops, oven and hob and the council fitted them for me. "I then got to work on painting the walls, fitting vinyl tiles on the floor and gradually buying my accessories. READ MORE: DIYer transforms drab kitchen into a masterpiece for under £200 "I made my own prints for the walls and used tile stickers for the splashback and behind the sink.” The council fitted her with new units and tiles but she saved a lot by decorating and doing the floor, blinds and shelves herself and shopped around for bargains in the sale from Amazon, ebay, B&M and supermarkets and got ideas from looking at Instagram, Pinterest and home magazines. Sarah shared the cost of the renovation work, she said: “The vinyl floor tiles were £25 for four packs from Studio, the tile stickers for the splashback were £6.50 for 24 stickers from Amazon, the paint was £50 from Wilko, and the worktops were £90 for three metres from Wickes. “The oven, hob and cooker hood were £350 from Argos, the blinds were £60, made to measure and fitted by me from Blinds2go, the rug was £25 from ebay, the shelf was £40 from ebay, and the accessories were £100 from Tesco, B&M, Amazon and ebay. DON'T MISS: ‘Two key methods’ to ‘control’ and stop the spread of tomato blight [EXPERT]How to give lawns the ‘best chance to flourish’ - step-by-step guide [TIPS]‘Best time of day’ to water plants ‘when it’s hot’ - when to avoid [INSIGHT] "In total, it cost me under £800. I’m so pleased with the finished results.” The DIY pro shared how she has always had an interest in interior design and spends a lot of her spare time on Instagram for inspiration, which is where she also shares photos and tips on her home account @interio_design_on_a_budget. Sarah said: “I enjoy being creative and trying out what different textures and designs go best together. I love the boho style with a Scandi mix thrown in. "I’m on a very tight budget so I try to hunt for bargains. B&M is a godsend! You can also pick up some bargains in the local supermarkets too, and keep an eye out for end of season sales.” The DIYer shared her love of all things painting and decorating. She said: “I’ve been painting and decorating since I showed a huge interest while watching my dad when I was young. I was decorating my parents' house from the age of 11. "I try to do most of the work myself wherever possible. I’ll try my hand at anything. 'I can’t do that' is not in my vocabulary. “I was really pleased with how much I saved - I love shopping for bargains!" Sarah noted that her next project is panelling a wall in her bedroom, adding that she had just finished a “scalloped wall” in her spare bedroom. Tom Church, co-founder of LatestDeals.co.uk commented: “Sarah’s Pinterest-perfect kitchen ticks so many style boxes - I love it. “It’s always so inspiring to hear about these drastic transformations done with a tight budget. “It shows you really can totally change the look and feel of a room without spending a fortune."