Motorists driving in the capital have been left stunned after a “free parking” sign was spotted in Park Royal, London. Many drivers were convinced that the sign was “too good to be true” and branded it fake. However, it turns out that the sign is in fact completely real. According to MyLondon, the whole ordeal started when a photograph of the sign was posted on Facebook. Knowing how difficult it is to find a parking space in London, the locals were not convinced by the sign. Many Londoners pointed out that it’s a nightmare trying to find any parking space, let alone a free one. As soon as the photograph was posted, most people started calling it fake. READ MORE: Drivers risk massive Platinum Jubilee fines for having Union Jack Some even suggested that the sign could have been photoshopped in. One social media user wrote underneath the post: “That can’t be right.” Another added: “It’s a trick.” While a third wrote: “Photoshop. Has to be…” DON'T MISS Nearly 100,000 drivers at risk of losing their licence [REVEAL] Platinum Jubilee traffic chaos to start today [WARNING] Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice [SHOCKING] However, there were some believers among the sceptics. Several Facebook users claimed that the “free parking” sign located at 21 Commercial Way in Park Royal was indeed real. One person said: “So the legends are true.” Another commented: “It’s like seeing a unicorn.” MyLondon approached the photographer of the “free parking” sign, Tomasz Nowak. Mr Nowak was then able to confirm that the sign is not fake at all. He added that there is a very easy way of proving it by going on Google Maps and searching up the address. Motorists can then go onto street view and see the sign for themselves. Not long after the whole debate, many other Londoners pointed out that there is a number of “free parking” signs across the capital. Areas, where the signs were spotted, included North Acton, Deptford, Hackney, and Greenwich. One Facebook user wrote: “One not far from where I live in Greenwich. “A single bay. Been staking it out night and day but never once found it vacant."