This summer England hosts the women’s European Football Championships and the England team’s group matches are already sold out despite being staged at huge Premier League stadiums. So great is the interest in women’s tennis that top players such as Britain’s Emma Raducanu can earn as much as the men from prize money and even more once commercial endorsements are taken into account. Given how hard women have had to struggle even to be allowed to take part in many sports – in 1972, for example, the 800 metres was the longest distance they could run in the Olympics – it is wonderful to see this flowering of opportunities for them. But what has been so hard-won is in danger of being stolen away by the intrusion of male-bodied athletes into women’s sport. Transwomen competitors such as the British cyclist Emily Bridges and the American college swimming champion Lia Thomas are seeking and increasingly winning the right to race against biological females. In football, transwoman Blair Hamilton was selected for the English universities women’s squad this year. In weightlifting, the New Zealand transwoman Laurel Hubbard took the place of a biological female at the last Olympic Games. What is currently a trickle could easily become a flood as more and more people in our society identify as the opposite gender to the one they were born into. This is no threat to men’s sport – to date not a single transman has been able to compete successfully at the top level against men in any athletic discipline. That is hardly surprising given the well-known advantages of the male sex when it comes to size, power and speed. But it is a potential disaster for women’s sport, with trans- women retaining inherent athletic advantages over female competitors, even when they have taken testosterone-lowering medication. Normally when women’s rights are being undermined, one might expect the political Left to come to their aid. But not any longer. Keir Starmer’s Labour Party is unable even to say what a woman is, so scared is it of offending the militant trans lobby. The Liberal Democrats banned a woman from standing as a candidate when she wore a t-shirt bearing the factual slogan: woman – adult human female. So it is falling to a mixture of retired sportswomen and Conservative politicians to fight the good fight. During her own career as a swimmer the former Olympic medallist Sharron Davies was often deprived of podium finishes by drug-assisted Eastern European athletes, so she knows what unfairness feels like. That has prompted her to become a whirlwind campaigner to protect women’s rights to fair competition. As she puts it: “Females are not small males with less testosterone. We are a totally different sex with different biological challenges to juggle with in training and life. "We deserve our own classification in sport and absolutely not to race with opposition who we know have an unfair advantage.” She has found an ally in the Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, who is determined to protect women’s sport either through legislation or a code of conduct signed up to by sporting governing bodies. To the horror of powerful trans advocacy groups such as Stonewall, which has supporters embedded right across Whitehall, Ms Dorries has shown herself uncowed. While she is arguing for a sympathetic approach to be taken to all people who feel they are trapped in the wrong body, she has drawn a line in the sand when it comes to fairness for biological women. “You can choose your gender and we will support you and help you to do that, but you cannot change your biology. "The bottom line is you cannot have transwomen competing in females’ sports,” she recently said. While Ms Dorries has told allies she would much prefer to agree a voluntary approach with sporting bodies, she has not ruled out passing a new law to protect women. Given that the governing bodies of several key sports are dragging their heels about beefing-up protections for women and are still allowing trans athletes to compete against them, she should now bring forward draft legislation in order to concentrate minds.