Electric vehicles have seen a sharp rise in popularity over the last few years. British drivers have purchased more EVs this year than ever before. However, some questions about electric-powered vehicles remain and that includes taxation. In March 2022 alone, British drivers registered more EVs than in all of 2019. And with the rise in popularity of EVs, many have started to question the taxation system around them. With that in mind, Express.co.uk spoke to a couple of experts who were able to answer some questions. Neil Greig, Director of Policy and Research at IAM RoadSmart, said: “Today the Government gets billions of pounds from motorists through fuel duty and CO2-based car tax. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow a little-known rule to save on fuel “As more and more electric cars come on the market that lost revenue will have to be raised in new ways. “The most obvious replacement is ‘road pricing’ or pay as you drive. “We accept this inevitable change at IAM RoadSmart but want to see a system that is fair for all road users and doesn’t add to motoring costs. “Good consumer information on the lifetime emissions of electric cars is still hard to come by. DON'T MISS Boy racers use 'road closed' signs to stage street races [SHOCKING] Drivers urged to stop using brakes to save fuel and prevent damage [ADVICE] Britain’s supermarkets accused of driving fuel prices up [INSIGHT] “They still emit road dust from tyres, use precious metals in their batteries and can be hard to recycle. “IAM RoadSmart is working with other motoring clubs to develop a simple Life Cycle Assessment Tool that will allow owners to search for information on the lifetime costs of their new car.“ James Andrews, personal finance expert at Money.co.uk, echoed Mr Greig’s comments while adding some insight. He said: “Pure-electric cars are currently taxed at 20 percent through VAT on the purchase price but they escape vehicle excise duty and a lot of local emissions charges. “Currently car taxes are based on how much carbon vehicles produce while driving. “It makes sense to do this because it’s a great way of incentivising the purchase of greener vehicles, a transition we’re going to need to make as a country if we are to reach net zero.” Mr Andrews added: “While it’s true electric vehicle production is hardly environmentally friendly, neither is production of petrol or diesel cars. “At least, when it comes to charging, they are capable of consuming green energy, even if fossil fuels still feed into our electricity grid to some degree for now. “It’s good news at the other end too. “At the tailpipe, they produce nothing at all, so if your goal is to clean up air quality then encouraging their use makes sense.” Some experts are predicting that electric vehicles will become the most registered car type by 2025. However, some barriers still remain including the lack of chargers within the public charging network and the high upfront cost.