Frankie de Jong may have publicly refused to be drawn on Manchester United’s interest in him. But the Barcelona playmaker’s private thoughts on a move have since emerged, suggesting he could be set to make a dramatic U-turn on his future. The Dutch midfielder has reportedly accepted his fate that he could be sold this summer, despite previously stating he was happy to stay at the Camp Nou. De Jong has made very little indication in public about where he will be playing football next season. And he has thus far refused to discuss Man United’s interest, given that the clubs are yet to get close to reaching an agreement over a fee. READ MORE: Man Utd have three other priorities as De Jong deal worked on But the player and his agent, Ali Dursun, have not discouraged United from lodging an offer this summer suggests there is some interest from the player’s side. And according to The Mirror, the 25-year-old privately knows he will be leaving the La Liga giants after three years in Catalonia. When asked for his view on United’s interest, the playmaker admitted he was “flattered” but pledged his future to his current employers. “You're always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player but I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment and I feel fine there, so no news,” he said after the Netherlands’ 3-2 win over Wales. United head coach Erik ten Hag is yet to make his first signing since his arrival in May. And the Dutchman is keen to reunite with De Jong — who he worked with at Ajax — at Old Trafford this summer. DON'T MISSEriksen has 'accepted' element of Man Utd transferTen Hag ‘picks Man Utd’s first-choice defensive pairing’Man Utd have key reason for completing both Eriksen and De Jong deals De Jong was brought through the Ajax academy which focuses on the same philosophy of football that Ten Hag is aiming to bring to the Premier League club next season. And he is seen as the perfect fit to replace Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic, who are leaving as free agents. While Barca are demanding a fee close to £85million for the Netherlands international, United chiefs are growing confident they will be able to pay a lower fee due to the Blaugrana’s unfavourable financial situation. It is understood De Jong has accepted that his time at the Nou Camp appears over after Barca coach Xavi Hernandez admitted he could be sold for "economic reasons." De Jong joined Barcelona in a £65m deal in 2019 after impressing while helping Ajax reach the Champions League semi-finals. He has scored 13 goals in 140 appearances for the Catalan outfit, playing in 47 games for the club last season after enjoying a key role under Xavi.