Gareth Bale is unlikely to make another return to Tottenham Hotspur this summer, according to a new report. The Welshman - who spent the entire 2020/21 campaign on loan at Spurs last year - is a free agent after running down his contract at Real Madrid. Bale is expected to find a new club if Wales manage to book a spot at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar later this year, with some speculating that the 32-year-old could return for a third stint at Spurs. However, a new report from football.london has revealed that Bale is 'unlikely' to link up with Antonio Conte's side this summer. It's claimed that both Bale's camp and insiders at the club believe that another return isn't on the cards, despite the fact that Spurs director of football Fabio Paratici is a 'big fan' of the former Southampton man. Bale has also been linked with an emotional move to his hometown team, Cardiff City, now that his nine-year spell at the Bernabeu has officially come to an end. READ MORE: Man Utd recommended 'very good' winger: 'Everything United are about' Although Bale has become a peripheral figure at the club over the past two years, the winger's £85million transfer to Los Blancos that was agreed in the summer of 2013 has been a resounding success. Bale has won a host of trophies and accolades, including five Champions League crowns. The former Spurs favourite - who also lifted the Spanish title on three separate occasions - had a rocky relationship with the club's fans at times, but was cheered during the club's recent Champions League celebrations. And Bale paid tribute to the clubs fans in an emotional farewell message on Wednesday. He wrote: "I write this message to say thank you to all my team mates, past and present, my managers, the back room staff and to the fans that supported me. I arrived here 9 years ago as a young man who wanted to realise my dream of playing for Real Madrid. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'still want to sign Traore' but face competition from duoMan United confirm Jesse Lingard departure ahead of transfer battleBarcelona warned Chelsea defender pursuit 'may fall flat on its face' "To wear the pristine white kit, to wear the crest on my chest, to play at the Santiago Bernabeu, to win titles and to be part of what it's so famous for, to win the Champions League. I can now look back, reflect and say with honesty that this dream became a reality and much, much more. "To be a part of this club's history and to achieve what we achieved while I was a Real Madrid player, has been an incredible experience and one I will never forget. I also want to thank President Florentino Perez, Jose Angel Sanchez, and the board for giving me the opportunity to play for this club. "Together we were able to create some moments that will live forever in the history of this club and football. It has been an honour. Thank you! HALA MADRID! Gareth Bale."