Stranger Things season four has received critical acclaim as one of the scariest and darkest instalments yet. The Netflix hit series revealed Vecna's (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) origins after he almost killed Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink). Max was saved by her favourite song, Running Up That Hill by Kate Bush. Max was going through a difficult time at the start of Stranger Things season four. With the friendship group forced to disband after the Battle of Starcourt, she was mourning the death of her brother Billy (Dacre Montgomery) alone. Her emotional vulnerability made her a prime target for Vecna and she unknowingly succumbed to his curse. Vecna was close to ending her life once and for all, but thankfully the gang discovered the key to her survival. Her favourite song, Running Up That Hill by Kate Bush, would pull her back into the real world. READ MORE: Stranger Things theory: Eddie survives as star teases return The lyrics to the song from 1985 are as follows: It doesn't hurt me. Do you want to feel how it feels? Do you want to know that it doesn't hurt me? Do you want to hear about the deal that I'm making? You, it's you and me.  And if I only could, I'd make a deal with God, And I'd get him to swap our places, Be running up that road, Be running up that hill, Be running up that building. If I only could, oh... You don't want to hurt me, But see how deep the bullet lies. Unaware I'm tearing you asunder. Ooh, there is thunder in our hearts.  Is there so much hate for the ones we love? Tell me, we both matter, don't we? You, it's you and me. It's you and me won't be unhappy.  You, It's you and me, It's you and me won't be unhappy.  And if I only could, I'd make a deal with God, And I'd get him to swap our places, Be running up that road, Be running up that hill, With no problems. DON'T MISS... Stranger Things fan predicted season 4 Vecna twist 6 years ago [DISCUSSION] Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna [THEORY] Stranger Things star pays tribute to Max Mayfield star Sadie Sink [INTERVIEW] The song was initially going to be called A Deal with God, however, Kate agreed to change it so it would appeal to a wider audience. Back in 1992, she spoke to Radio 1 about the meaning behind the song, which is essentially "put yourself in their shoes". She said: "I was trying to say that, really, a man and a woman, can’t understand each other because we are a man and a woman. "And if we could actually swap each other's roles, if we could actually be in each other's place for a while, I think we’d both be very surprised. "And I think it would lead to a greater understanding. And really the only way I could think it could be done was either… you know, I thought a deal with the devil, you know. "And I thought, 'well, no, why not a deal with God!' You know, because in a way it’s so much more powerful the whole idea of asking God to make a deal with you." The star is also known for her 1978 chart-topper, Wuthering Heights. She released a statement following the release of Stranger Things season four, which included her track. She said: "By featuring Running Up That Hill in such a positive light - as a talisman for Max (one of the main female characters) - the song has been brought into the emotional arena of her story. "Fear, conflict and the power of love are all around her and her friends. "I salute the Duffer Brothers for their courage - taking this new series into a much more adult and darker place. "I want to thank them so much for bringing the song into so many people’s lives. "I’m overwhelmed by the scale of affection and support the song is receiving and it’s all happening really fast as if it’s being driven along by a kind of elemental force."  Stranger Things season 4 part 2 arrives on Netflix on July 1.