The likes of Kevin Costner, Cole Hauser and Kelly Reilly all returned to Montana back in May as production on the fifth season of Paramount’s Yellowstone got underway ahead of its November 13 premiere. As is usual when it comes to the hit western drama, plot details and spoilers are being heavily guarded, but Rip Wheeler star Hauser has shed some light on how things are going on the show’s set. Speaking in mid-June, Hauser revealed a handful of episodes were already in the can and ready for post-production. Exactly what happens in the episodes remains to be seen but in regards to Rip specifically, he’ll likely be in high spirits after his wedding to Beth (Reilly). Beth, on the other hand, whilst elated to tie the knot with the ranch’s resident enforcer, will be dealing with having adoptive brother Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) under her thumb after blackmailing him in season four. Delivering his filming update, Hauser said: “We just finished two and we’ve started three. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Rip to kill Lloyd as star drops huge clue “The first two episodes were fantastic,” Hauser teased to Gold Derby. He continued: “And I love - Taylor (Sheridan) [showrunner] has given me the opportunity to be a part of the bunkhouse. “To have wonderful scenes with John (Costner) and beautiful scenes with Beth, so you know, it’s more of the same. “I hate to say it, but the good thing is the writing is obviously top-notch again.” Hauser also touched upon the long break he and his cast mates had endured away from the set. “Getting back, you know it’s been almost a year and eight months since we got back together, we’ve taken a pretty big hiatus. “But we slipped right back into the fold and it feels like we stopped working with each other yesterday. “The scripts are getting better and better - I have six… four, five and six here and I just finished six and Taylor is just on fire right now as a writer. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone tributes pour in as season 4 star diesYellowstone’s Kelly Reilly tried to axe Beth’s wedding dressKelly Reilly 2022 net worth: How much is the Yellowstone star worth? “I think everyone knows it’s but yeah, my buddy is killing it,” Hauser added, praising the show’s creator. While plot details for these episodes remain under wraps, there has been some big news from the world of Yellowstone in the form of new cast members. Familiar faces Wendy Moniz, who plays Governor Lynelle Perry, and Mo Brings Plenty, who plays Mo, have been bumped to series regulars for season five - and the announcement came alongside some new faces. Kai Caster, Lainey Wilson, Lilli Kay and Dawn Olivieri are four new figures Yellowstone fans will see in the fifth run. According to Deadline, American Horror Story star Caster will take on the role of a young cowboy, Rowdy. Wilson will play musician Abby while the star of Showtime’s Your Honor, Kay, will play Clara, a new assistant to one of the Duttons. Rounding out the new cast members is Olivieri, who’ll play Sarah Atwood and is described as “a confident, corporate shark and a new arrival to Montana”. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network on November 13. Seasons 1-4 will be available to stream on Paramount+ when it launches in the UK later this month.