Coronation Street continues to be an ITV hit and the TV soap has seen many characters come and go since it started airing. Spider Nugent, a former politics student who had dropped out of university, was part of the Weatherfield community for six years. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actor, including his age. Eco-warrior Spider Nugent was the nephew of Emily Bishop (Eileen Derbyshire) and became Toyah Battersby's (Georgia Taylor) teenage crush. He ruffled feathers as soon as he arrived in Weatherfield, making his opinions about local matters well known. The character left the street to go on a spiritual journey to India, returning to Weatherfield after his aunt was attacked. He ended up leaving the country to do volunteer work and ended up at a school in Peru. Fans were excited to hear he would be returning to Corrie this week. READ MORE: Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ Maria Connor’s online troll The actor is now 53 years old and he was born in 1969. This means when he first joined the soap back in 1997, he would have been about 28 years old. By the time he left six years later, he would have been around 34 years old. Almost 20 years down the line, he is making a comeback and he explained how the surprise came about. He said: "I’ve always said if I was asked I would come back." "Then towards Christmas last year Georgia [Taylor] put a photo up of us, a Toyah and Spider photo of us arm in arm when we were very young." "My wife said, 'You’ve always said you’d go back and you’re not getting any younger so pull your finger out and have a word with your agent', he told The Metro. Since leaving the soap he went on to star in episodes of Holby City, Cradle to Grave and Doctors. He has also landed some major film roles, featuring in Blaze of Glory, Hannibal Rising and The Physician. Having been away from the world of soaps for so long, he admitted he was very nervous. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Sam Aston addresses future farewell to soap [INSIGHT] Coronation Street theory: Spider Nugent's link to Imran Habeeb exposed [THEORY] Coronation Street theory: Sarah Platt to become Toyah's next victim [DISCUSSION] At this moment in time it is not known how long his visit to Weatherfield would be. However, the star did say he was happy to stay as long as the crew were happy to keep him in. Friday’s episode will see Spider return during ex-girlfriend Toyah’s protest against waste incineration. She has been on bail after she was arrested for the murder of Imran Habeeb (Charlie de Melo), to which she pleaded her innocence. Toyah will end up opening up to Spider over Imran's death and it could be a chance for them to rekindle their relationship. He is heard saying: "Long time no see!" as he sits next to her in a vehicle during the protest. Looking shocked, Toyah asks what he is doing back in Weatherfield. He exclaims: "Well, it looked like you were having so much fun, I thought I’d join in!"  Coronation Street airs on Friday at 8pm on ITV.