Boris Johnson said international players have no right to push Ukraine into accepting a compromise deal to end Russia's invading forces. Emmanuel Macron faced backlash after suggesting Kyiv should agree to a peace agreement that could see several miles of land pass under Russian control. Addressing the ongoing conflict during a speech in Blackpool, the Prime Minister said: "I know there are some who may argue, not in this country perhaps but elsewhere, that the price of supporting the Ukrainians is now too high, and they should be encouraged to accept whatever terms Putin may ask.  "I don't believe that option is really open to us. "Never mind that abandoning the Ukrainians would be morally repugnant since they are the victims and have an absolute right to defend a free and independent country. "We're simply not in a position to tell them what to do." He warned agreeing to concessions would be a "terrible" move not only for Ukraine but for the whole world as it would send a message to Moscow that "violence pays off." Mr Johnson continued: "Putin has made a colossal strategic error, he's fundamentally misunderstood the psychology of his opponents and what Ukraine really is. "He will never succeed in subduing Ukraine, and the sooner he gets to that understanding, the better. "But nor should he be allowed the partial success of swallowing some of the country as he has done before, and declaring a ceasefire. "He would be able to continue to twist the knife in the wound, the crocodile would simply come back for more, and he would be able to claim that his aggression and his violence had paid off. "That would be a disaster for Ukraine and all other parts of the former Soviet Union he might attack, and for countries beyond former Soviet boundaries. "To encourage a bad peace in Ukraine is to encourage Putin, to encourage all those around the world who believe that aggression pays." France and Germany sparked the furious reaction in Ukraine after suggesting peace could be achieved if Kyiv agreed to concede invaded territory to Russia. But Macron attracted direct fury on himself after suggesting Ukraine should not seek to "humiliate" Vladimir Putin. DON'T MISS:Macron accused of 'destroying' bloc unity as he defends Putin [ANALYSIS]Macron's bid to end war mocked by Russian media for being desperate  [REPORT]Macron shut down by Ukraine as French President defends Putin's pride [REVEAL] Speaking to French media last week, President Macron said: "We must not humiliate Russia so that the day when the fighting stops we can build an exit ramp through diplomatic means." He added: "I am convinced that it is France's role to be a mediating power." The French leader has maintained active communications with Putin throughout the conflict despite the majority of EU leaders cutting Russia off within days of the invasion of Ukraine. Mr Macron insisted he has been pressing Putin to stand down. He said: "I think, and I told him, that he is making a historic and fundamental mistake for his people, for himself, and for history."