I suppose some of them will end up crossing the floor in the end. But I don't believe any one politician should think they are more important than the people of this great nation. And having a go at Mr Johnson with everything else that is going on in the world at the moment shows they are far more interested in themselves than anybody else.  In my humble view, they are a bunch of snivelling cowards and should never be elected again. If I had space in this column, I'd list all their names. But the next general election isn't that far off and we the people can decide once again who we want to lead the country - not this shower of smug idiots who think they can do it better themselves. Meanwhile, the Labour-led devolved government in Wales is trying to make holiday homes unviable, with plans for a 300 percent council tax premium on second homes. At the same time they want to make it harder for those properties to be eligible for business rates instead of council tax. Second home owners can currently avoid council tax by registering their properties as a business, as long as they are let for 70 days per year. But the proposed changes would increase this number to 182 days per year to qualify for business rates - unviable for some. Anyone who has worked hard and invested in property shouldn't be bullied by politicians who come up with these ridiculous ideas. Other suggestions that older people should downsize or that anyone lucky enough to own a second home should be forced to rent it out or give it to the homeless are just as ridiculous. I wonder who comes up with ideas like this? Probably young advisors straight out of college who know nothing about life. Before you ask, I don't have a second property and I have absolutely no intention of down-sizing! Am I the only person concerned that what is happening in Ukraine has slipped from our national consciousness and our news media? Russia continues to commit war crimes - killing innocent people and desecrating a sovereign nation - while we in the West are still largely standing by doing nothing, despite the heroic efforts of President Volodymyr Zelensky, above. Ukraine used to lead the news agenda, but I've just watched a bulletin and the top story was free school meals. Although important, I know what the priority is. If we allow the appalling behaviour of those in the Kremlin, and quite a high percentage of the Russian people, to stand, there is a danger that we will not have a planet, let alone a country. We must not countenance any sort of peace treaty if even part of Ukraine remains in the hands of Russia. Anyone who thinks that is acceptable is mad. Thank goodness we're no longer part of the European dictatorship. The time it dithered has probably cost hundreds of thousands of lives. What happens in Ukraine remains important to us all. It should still be leading the news. It's been remiss of me not to wish Her Majesty the heartiest congratulations on her Platinum Jubilee or "Platty Joobs" as it's been dubbed this week by social media wags. The Queen - who succeeded to the throne when I was just one - has done a marvellous job my entire life and is the best reason why we need a monarchy. The Royal Family may no longer have any real power, but they are what makes Britain different. Yes, some of the family have been an embarrassment. But look at our own families. We're all the same at heart. When she sadly leaves the stage and Prince Charles takes over, I think his interest will be focussed on green matters, which will no doubt be popular with those who are concerned with the future of the planet. After that, William and Kate will, I think, be a stabilising influence on the nation for many years to come. So well done Your Majesty and thank you for everything you've done for us. Why are our educators all so Left-wing? Apart from the fact they want to teach children as young as three about so-called "white privilege", which in my view is in the minds of people with no idea what they're talking about, now we discover a university worker has been throwing eggs at the statue of Margaret Thatcher. She did more for this country than any other prime minister since Winston Churchill. That indisputable fact may not be palatable for those people who believe socialism is a workable idea (it hasn't been so far) but the man who threw the eggs at the memorial to the Iron Lady clearly thought he was being clever. Police were called and he was handed a £90 fine. I think he should be in prison. There's no need for a trial, he was filmed doing it. These people are lucky they live in a democracy that favours free speech and doesn't really wish to control people - unlike the Lefties who would probably cancel people like me, and others they disagree with, given half a chance. Kurt Zouma, the appalling football player who kicked his cat, has been handed 180 hours of unpaid community service and banned from keeping a feline for five years. It's hardly punishment in my view; the man should have been locked up for a couple of years and made an example of. He's obviously a bully who thinks he can do whatever he likes because he knows how to kick a little round thing - and I'm not talking about the cat. Why we let people like this off so lightly I've no idea. I'm not a football fan - as I've said many times - and the sport doesn't feature in my life at all. But I do care about animal cruelty. If he were handed a couple of years in prison, a high-profile case like this would put off other people from behaving like this. It should be made quite clear this sort of behaviour is unacceptable.