 Harmony Tan’s doubles partner has backtracked after slamming the Frenchwoman for withdrawing from their women’s doubles match following her three-hour and 11-minute victory over Serena Williams in the singles. Tamara Korpatsch took to Instagram to rant about Tan’s late withdrawal and injury excuse but has since made a u-turn and deleted her previous posts.  Tan upset seven-time champion Williams in what was the 40-year-old’s return to singles competition after a year. The world No 115 needed a final set tiebreak to dispatch the former world No 1 in a late-night thriller that lasted until 10.30pm on Tuesday evening, and she was then due to partner Korpatsch in the doubles the following day. But the Frenchwoman withdrew citing a right thigh injury and left her partner fuming, as the German took to Instagram to share two separate posts claiming it was “not fair to tell [her] so lat She added: “She can't run cause she played three-hour match yesterday. Sorry but I've played 6:33h in one day and played a singles match the next day. It is really not fair and I'm very sad and disappointed that I can't play my 1st Grand Slam doubles." Now the world No 110 has backtracked and issued a new statement on her Instagram story, explaining that she and Tan were back on good terms after discussing the situation. On Thursday morning, the German wrote: “Hey Everyone, Me and Harmony have talked and figured out all misunderstandings. JUST IN: Fans are left FUMING over Andy Murray's match being dumped from TV “She made me clear about her injury now and we already apologized to each other. As a fact I will delete my previous post regarding this situation. And I will ask not to write bad comments to her, don't want that she get insults! Hope for your understanding!” Korpatsch had slammed her doubles partner in both an Instagram story and a main post on her Instagram feed the day before. “She asked me before the tournament if we wanna play doubles and I said yes, I didn’t ask her, she asked me!” the 27-year-old wrote. DON'T MISS Murray insists Wimbledon return next year hinges on ‘difficult issue'Andy Murray 'very frustrated' at missed opportunity at WimbledonAndy Murray delivers blunt three-word response to John Isner loss  “If you’re broken after a 3H Match the day before, you can’t play professional. That’s my opinion.” After making up with Korpatsch, Tan will now be back in singles action against Sara Sorribes Tormo following her win over Williams.  Speaking about her thrilling victory on Tuesday night, the French star said: “It's a dream because, you know, I saw Serena on the TV when I was young. My coach, Nathalie Tauziat, played her 20 years ago. So, yeah, it's a big generation, yeah. She's a legend. I mean, she won 23 Grand Slam. When you play her, I was scared. I mean, I was scared when I was on the court, but really happy to be there.” 