More and more Brits are now looking escape the rising cost of energy bills, interest rates, petrol and house prices and are instead considering moving overseas to Spain. New data from Rightmove has revealed that the number of UK buyers contacting estate agents in Spain about properties jumped by more than a third in April compared to last year.  The data from the Land Registry in Spain also shows that the number of British buyer transactions is now at its highest level since 2018, Manchester Evening News reports. British buyers continue to be the biggest overseas market for Spain, accounting for 12 per cent of foreign transactions at the beginning of this year, according to Rightmove. The seaside town of Islantilla, Bahia De Marbella in the Costa Del Sol and the town of Vera in Andalusia are each proving to be hotspots for UK homeowners looking to move abroad. With the average house price in Greater Manchester now at £244,236, here are a few examples of what you can buy for the same price over in sunny Spain: £243,982  For just less than Greater Manchester's average house price, you could buy this stunning three-bed villa in the south-eastern Spanish city of Murcia. On the market for €287,000, which equates to £243,982, the property is set around a central lagoon and boasts a Mediterranean terrace and a private pool. Inside on the ground floor, there is a modern open-plan lounge, dining area and kitchen, as well as one bedroom and a bathroom. Upstairs are two further bedrooms, one of which is a suite with an open bathroom, with a 12-square metre outdoor terrace. £244,747   You could become the owner of this beautiful three-bed home which costs the same amount as the standard property in Greater Manchester. With a price tag of €287,900, equalling £244,747, the lavish home is located in the traditional Spanish town of Los Montesinos and sits close to a golf court, shops, schools and transport links.  The home is complete with a fitted kitchen, living and dining area, three-bedroom each with fitted wardrobes, two bathrooms and a large rooftop terrace. Outdoors there is a private garden and a pool which spans five metres, as well as an optional solarium.  £244,832  Also on the market for the same price as an average home in our region is a new build villa in the popular coastal town of Aguilas. Sitting in a prime location just a four-minute walk to the beach, the brand new home comes with a private swimming pool, basement and outdoor patio area.  Inside it boasts three bedrooms, three bathrooms and an open-plan kitchen, living and dining area with bifold doors that open out onto the outdoor area with plenty of space for relaxing and entertaining. This property is on the market for €288,000. £245,682  A ground-floor flat in Malaga that is surrounded by beautiful mountain views and is just a stone's throw away from the beach is on the market for £245,682 - just slightly more than the average home in Greater Manchester. For the same price you could buy this beautiful property that is located just 20 minutes from the cities of Fuengirola and Marbella, and just 12 minutes from the beach at La Cala de Mijas.  The two-bed flat is surrounded by the beautiful natural park of Sierra de Las Nieves and has access to large communal terraces, a pool and gardens with breath-taking views. The flat spans almost 1,000 square foot and has two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, living room and large outdoor patio area. £246,532  On the market for £246,532, which equates to €290,000, is this three-bed villa in the Spanish port city of Alicante. For just a little more than the average price of a home in Greater Manchester, you could live in this luxury home which boasts multiple upper terraces that overlook a private pool and great views of the town. The villa comes with three bedrooms, three bathrooms, a modern kitchen and spacious living area with large doors that open to bring the outside in.  