Hundreds of wellwishers and royal fans have turned out to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee but US talk show hosts have slammed the UK's festivities. The View host Joy Behar claimed the UK needs the Royal Family for tourism. She said: "I don't think that they will ever get rid of the monarchy because they need it for tourism. "Even though they spend a lot on the monarchy, it's not like Italy and France where you have food and weather. "England hasn't got the weather and they don't have the food. "They have the history and they have pomp and circumstance. "I love British TV and British products but to go there and it's great and everyone speaks English there, it's not like going to Italy where every minute you're eating something delicious, same in France." READ MORE: Kate and William step out at Jubilee visit with George and Charlotte Co-host Sunny Hostin added: "You're absolutely right. I hadn't thought about it that way but the weather is terrible, the food is awful. "Everything is terrible except for the monarchy and the accents." It comes as the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge are to take to the stage to pay public tributes to the Queen during the star-studded Jubilee concert. The father and son - both future kings - will speak separately in honour of the monarch towards the end of the BBC's open-air show, staged in the front of Buckingham Palace on Saturday evening. Diana Ross, Queen + Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Hans Zimmer, George Ezra, and Eurovision 2022 runner-up Sam Ryder are among the celebrity acts preparing to entertain a live crowd of 22,000 people and a television audience of millions. Clarence House and Kensington Palace announced both Charles and William would address the crowds at the high profile Platinum Party at the Palace, which falls on the third evening of the four-day Jubilee festivities. It is thought unlikely the Queen will attend the concert but confirmation of any movements will be released on the day. She will not attend Saturday's Epsom Derby Day, but the avid racegoer will be glued to the TV, watching the developments from Windsor. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's appearance TORN APART: 'Buried in royal B-list!' [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [ANALYSIS]'Sorry your Majesty' Matt Tebbutt issues warning over 'filthy' recipe [VIDEO] Jubilee celebrations at the course will still go ahead as planned, with the Princess Royal expected to represent her mother. The track intends to honour the monarch with 40 jockeys who have ridden for the owner-breeder donning the royal silks to form a guard of honour, while a number of her former racehorses will parade. The Queen, 96, who has been facing ongoing mobility problems, pulled out of attending the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday after experiencing discomfort following two balcony appearances and a beacon lighting on Thursday. Nearly 50 members of the royal family including the Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined in honour of the absent head of state for the religious occasion.