You may have recently swept a few things of a financial or business nature under the carpet. This will be brought to light. It is time to get your affairs in order. Dealing with correspondence won’t be as time-consuming as expected once you discard the junk mail and rubbish emails. There are many things in your life that are changing, some unexpectedly. You might feel excited about the promises and opportunities now on offer. Someone in the family will announce they’ve made a decision, and due to this, you may have to adapt your routine around the plans they are making. Confirmation of a new job or the results of a recent test or interview will give you something to feel proud about. You should be pleased with yourself as you start seeing the results of something you have put your heart and soul into, although you really shouldn’t be surprised.  It doesn’t matter whether they made a false accusation or you misunderstood their words; you get the strong impression a friend is ready to make amends after a recent misunderstanding. What’s important for this friendship is that you both make an effort to resolve your differences. Allow yourself to shine. Have fun and do what makes you happy. You shine when you are enjoying yourself and this inspires other people too, to be creative. There is more to discover about yourself through group activities. A team effort will lead to some worthwhile accomplishments. Life is starting to speed up, and you’re in the thick of all the action. It’s not easy to keep up with everything, and you’re aware of the intense energy around you. You have the power to make things happen, and others are looking to you for leadership and guidance.  Conflict causes delays and occasionally, disappointment. When an argument occurs, stand back and you will notice new options that others have missed through spending too much time in disagreement. Stay calm and keep control of your emotions when a discussion heats up and sparks start to fly. You can’t feel content with anything that is on a surface level. Your inclination is to delve more deeply. You have been through some tricky situations, and you realise there will be benefit from remaining behind the scenes where you can watch, listen and observe to discover more. You’re ready to set yourself free from a situation that’s starting to feel too restricting. You just need to find a way out. Talking to someone who has been through something similar will help. Dancing, writing, painting, and singing will allow your creativity to flow.  You are in the middle of a chapter where health and career matters occupy a lot of our time. Nothing will seem to happen very fast, but you are making steady progress. A meeting linked with your job or a study course will put you in touch with someone who will be helpful to you in the future. While you’re waiting for a perfectionist friend to make sure all details of a joint project are correct, you might give jobs that need a touch of creativity your attention. Whereas progress is slow in some areas, this is where you will see the best results. You sense what others expect from you, and you are trying your best to please everyone you meet. Is it time to take off the mask you’ve been holding up to the world? Show people who you really are. Be true to yourself and live in your authenticity. 