As summer takes hold alongside the cost of living crunch, many people are holding back on the summer vacation for fear of the costs. However, Manchester resident Emma Stretton shared how families can have a relaxing week away without breaking the bank. The Instagrammer is hoping to give Britons help to get more bang for their buck as they head on holiday. She shared her top seven money saving tips for holidays with Express.co.uk through Little Loans. While budgeting is not a top priority for many when enjoying themselves, Ms Stretton said it is vital to avoid going overboard on expenses. She said: “I have the Google Drive app on my phone which has my various budgeting spreadsheets in. I’ll make one before we go away with a rough idea of what to spend each day. “Whilst there, I keep a note of what we’ve spent in the notes section of my phone and at the end of each day I spend two minutes checking we’re on budget.” READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money  Proving that it doesn’t have to take away from the fun of a holiday, Ms Stretton’s budgeting technique saves her roughly £140 over the course of a week away. Packing for a getaway is often one of the most dreaded tasks of a vacation, but ensuring everything fits into one’s luggage as economically as possible could save a few pretty pennies. Ms Stretton encouraged Britons: “Roll, don’t fold! You can fit so many more clothes into a case when you roll them. Tuck underwear into shoes as well, that’s a great space saver.” She pointed out that the real upside to this technique is avoiding extra baggage fees at the airport, and said: “The point of this is that we only have to pay for one case and then take hand luggage. I’m not about to pay through the nose for the sake of an extra pair of shoes, and with my tiny toiletries as well it’s fairly easy to manage with one case.” “I also double up evening clothes as beachwear the following day, and don’t take a lot for the kids because they really don’t care what they wear.” “We flew with Ryanair this time and paid £20.99 for one large case then took rucksacks. A second case would have cost us another £20.99 which I’d much rather put towards a meal on the marina, overlooking the ocean as the sun sets.” Marketing gurus show off their expertise at airports, enticing travellers to buy unnecessary items at exorbitant prices for the sake of convenience, and Ms Stretton noted that planning ahead for this can save a good £20. She explained: “I’ll load my kindle with new books from the 99p offers before we go, so there’s no need for the magazines, and take snacks in my bag for the boys. I also take their water bottles so they don’t need to buy drinks at the airport; these also come in handy later when we’re away.” Ms Stretton advised: “Find a local market that sells basic things like bread and cereal, maybe some cheeses and fresh veg too. “This saves money and means we can enjoy our evening meal even more. All told, I reckon we save around £250-£300 eating in.” Eating out, especially for those interested in trying the local cuisine, is a staple of a holiday but can also see bank accounts taking a massive hit. Ms Stretton highlighted a unique trick that could solve this: Avoiding expensive spirits and getting ice cream for dessert. She said: “I’ll always have the local beer and my husband has the house wine. It’s less expensive and I've actually found some of my favourite beers that way. “If the kids insist on dessert we’ll just get them ice cream which is often the least expensive option. By not buying expensive spirits or desserts, we probably keep back about £10 to £15 a night.” Plenty of hotels and inclusive trips offer a range of freebies, which can often be ignored by holiday makers wanting to try every trending experience in the area. Ms Stretton advised against this, especially for families with children, saying: “With kids, it’s just easier to let them enjoy themselves and means we don’t need car hire. Also, after three years stuck in the UK, I’m excited for some sun and a break from normal life so lying around a pool all day, spending absolutely nothing but time together, sounds perfect.” “This holiday will be the first we’ve ever booked where the hotel has a free kids club. We’ll also be going to the beach where we only have to pay for sun beds and, in the evening, will take advantage of the free cheesy entertainment. We won’t be spending money on water parks, days out or boat trips.”