An older colleague or neighbour is full of advice. You realise they are trying to be helpful but what they think you need and what you do need are two entirely different things. If only people would leave you alone, you would do much better without their interference. A friend or relative thinks they know best, but if it’s your money they are trying to spend, they are wrong. Let them splash out on expensive pleasures if that’s their goal, but you won’t be joining them. You will want to insist on making your own decisions when it comes to all and anything financial. Setting clear boundaries in relationships should be your first priority. In love, friendship and business, it will be beneficial to both sides for each of you to be growing and thriving. You know what to do to bring improvements into your life, and you have the strength and willpower to bring about your goals.  You do such a lot for others; it’s time to make your own needs a priority. There is something you are going through alone that is getting you down. You really need to lean on someone you can trust to help you through it. Learn to love yourself again. People are relying on you. You just couldn’t turn your back on work and family commitments even though you would love to give in to a sudden impulse to get away from it all. Ideas that excite you now need more planning. You might start by discussing travel plans with your family. Dealing with one difficulty after another can feel deflating. You’re almost ready to give up but don’t lose your inner fire. You can be triumphant, and success will feel exhilarating. Stand your ground. Keep fighting for what you believe in and you will succeed.  A sense of loss or disappointment makes you want to hide away from the world. Whether your hopes for a dream job or relationship have been shattered, you need to accept it is not meant to be. Allow your emotions outlet. Cry, grieve, feel hurt; get angry as this is part of healing and growing. Ties of the past are holding you back. Reflect, decide on what needs to be changed, pick yourself up and be prepared to start again. Release anything that is keeping you from following your dreams. Trust you have it within you to manifest your goals. An old way of thinking, outworn daily habits or a toxic relationship is draining you and preventing you from finding true happiness. You need to let go of things in order to clear the way for something new. This is your chance to cut ties with anything that no longer serves you.  Be mindful of the words you choose to use, not just with others but with yourself. Are you being too critical of your efforts, your work or your abilities? Do you keep putting yourself down? If so, it is time to change your inner dialogue. Be kind to others and be kind to yourself. In order to bring an idea about it now has to be out in the open. You feel nervous and excited at the same time. Some people will try to influence you and make you change your mind, but you won’t let them. For this to be successful, you need to stand your ground. Talk over worries that have been keeping you awake at night. A close friend will have advice that will help put your thoughts at ease. An older relative will suddenly decide to go along with plans they recently objected to. Take immediate action before they change their mind again. 