Hayley Cragg, 34, was only 18 weeks pregnant when she noticed a cancerous lump on her breast. Having the tumour removed a few weeks later Hayley was then subject to three rounds of chemotherapy whilst also trying to manage morning sickness. Due to the threat that the cancer posed to both Hayley and her son Louie, he was delivered prematurely, to give both of them the best chance of survival. Fortunately, Louie was born perfectly healthy, but Hayley is now sharing her remarkable story after at first being delighted at the news of her third pregnancy, to then be handed a devastating cancer diagnosis, which she is currently still battling. Hayley shared: "If I hadn't got pregnant I wouldn’t have realised I had cancer. The cyst was pregnancy related, so when I went to get it checked out, that's when they found it. "The chemotherapy combined with the pregnancy sickness was absolutely horrific - it was the toughest time of my life." Not only concerned for her own life but her unborn baby’s as well, Hayley was unaware of how the cancer would affect her pregnancy.  READ MORE: Neil Fox health: DJ found a way to better manage his chronic condition over lockdown  In order to administer three more rounds of life-saving chemotherapy, Hayley was induced at 35 weeks pregnant so doctors could deliver Louie safely. Brave Hayley then battled through the rest of her treatment which concluded in April. After a short burst of radiotherapy next month, she expects to be given the all clear. Now Louie is 16 weeks old and progressing well, and Hayley can now start looking forward to a bright future with all three of her children. Reflecting on her health ordeal and the lasting effects of the chemotherapy, Hayley added: “I still feel constantly tired now and have tingling in my hands and feet from the chemo - although this should fade over time. “I have to undergo some radiotherapy in July but doctors are positive this is just a precaution to make sure they kill any remaining cancer cells in my body.  "It's crazy to think if I hadn't have gotten pregnant I may have never noticed the cancer until it was too late. I guess everything happens for a reason. It's been a difficult journey, but I can't wait to put this chapter behind me and start enjoying life again." The NHS explains that breast cancer may be diagnosed after a routine breast screening or after individuals notice specific changes and symptoms and seek the advice of a GP. It is advised that people see a GP as soon as possible if they notice any of the following: If an individual is experiencing symptoms and has been referred to a specialist breast unit by a GP, they will also most likely be invited to have a mammogram, which is an X-ray of your breasts or an ultrasound scan.  Ultrasound scans use high-frequency sound waves to produce an image of the inside of your breasts, showing any lumps or abnormalities. Once diagnosed with breast cancer, the main treatments to try and cure the condition include surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, hormone therapy and targeted therapy. Individuals may be offered a combination of these treatments depending on the stage of their cancer. There are two main types of breast cancer surgery: The NHS notes that getting back to normal after surgery can take time. It's important to give yourself time to recover. Some other treatments, particularly radiotherapy and chemotherapy, can make you very tired. Due to this individuals should not be afraid to ask for practical help from family and friends. 