Members of Russia's state Duma Andrey Gurulyov and Vladimir Solovyov came together to boast about Russia's military strength. The pair claimed Russia would be able to destroy the West with their high-powered missiles and claimed nine out of ten of their missiles reach their intended targets. Russia has been waging war on Ukraine for over four months now and Russian President, Vladimir Putin has continued to threaten Western countries with an attack if he believes they pose a threat to his country. Mr Gurulyov claimed the West had been provoking Russia into using their nuclear weapons on them but did not explain how. Mr Solovyov told Russia 1: "After the conversation of the president, people in the West were having heart attacks. "When Lukashenka and Putin have spoken and it all became clear." Mr Gurulyov added: "They had a very good conversation." Mr Solovyov said: "About Iskanders (missile systems) and Su (Jets)." Mr Gurulyov said: "Iskander stationed along the Western border of Belarus, would cover 100% of Western Europe, up to 500km covered by the ballistic (missile system)." JUST IN: Israel fury as EU chief attempts to meddle in Iran nuclear deal: 'Strategic mistake!'     "And that is a stealth cruise missile with our air defence systems, including imported ones their efficiency output is 90 percent, 9 out of 10 missiles reach their targets and ones they try to shoot down, it happens. "Believe that to be a great result, that should give out enemies some serious thoughts regardless of how much the West is provoking us into using nuclear weapons. "First we should keep them fully combat ready, understanding that their time may come but not to use them. "Considering the threats posed by nuclear weapons) develop and realise the plans as needed, so liquidate all means of an attack that threaten the territory of Russia, we're capable of accomplishing that." Mr Solovyov added: "That's why it's understood why we're currently using less than 18% of our armed forces which is our peacetime army." READ MORE: Michael Jackson's horrifying physical reaction to his father's abuse     Putin has been threatening the West with nuclear action for some time now, in order to intimidate NATO-aligned countries and stop them from defending Ukraine. NATO-aligned countries have been sending weapons and supplies to Ukraine to help them defend themselves from the Russian onslaught. They are training Ukrainian troops but have refused to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine, or put boots on the ground. Recent fears that Putin may escalate the war by dragging in countries from the West, like France and the UK have become heightened. Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg has given reassurance that the British armed forces are trained and ready for any international threats that Russia may try to impose. DON’T MISS:Covid: The texture of phlegm may be 'at the heart' of 'severe' and ‘long’ Covid infections [INSIGHT]Calm down! US abortion decision is just democracy working - CHRISTOPHER SMITHERS [COMMENT]We must show no sign of weakness on Ukraine [COMMENT] Speaking exclusively to the Daily Express, Mr Stoltenberg said: "Britain has some of the world’s most highly trained and effective forces. I have met them many times. Most recently, when I visited the battlegroup in Estonia with Prime Minister Boris Johnson in March, and when on board HMS Queen Elizabeth last year off the coast of Portugal." "I am always deeply impressed by their dedication and their ­professionalism and by the high-end capabilities the UK brings to our alliance." He then said: "Putin wants Europe and North America divided, but we stand united in the face of Russia’s aggression. We are an alliance of 30 nations.  READ NEXT