The Loose Women panellist was rushed to hospital after she tripped over a rug and fell on her face. The 82-year-old returned to the ITV programme on Wednesday after recovering from the nasty accident which left her with a cracked bone under her eye. As she updated her co-stars about the fall, she admitted she was still "black and blue" underneath her makeup.  Gloria had to miss out on the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations after she tripped over a rug at her son's house and took the fall "totally" on her face. During her appearance on the latest episode of Loose Women, she thanked a makeup artist for covering up any signs of bruising. "I took the fall on a very hard wooden floor, it was all on my face," she explained. "I cracked a bone under my eye, unfortunately." Panellists Judi Love and Brenda Edwards gasped when they saw a picture of Gloria's injury. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns Describing the damage to her face, Gloria explained: "There's a bone under your eye that sort of holds the socket in place and that is actually broken. "So as long as it does not take the muscle down, my eyesight at the minute is good." The broadcaster's x-ray was shown to viewers at home so they could see Gloria's broken eye socket. Co-star Jane Moore, who thought Gloria looked well considering the horrific fall, said: "Looking at you now, you look like you always do because they have done such a sterling job."  Gloria went on to admit she was terrified of falling over again following her recent injury. "Your whole body just goes a different mode in a way," she added. "I'm a reasonably confident person usually as I don't want to sit at home doing nothing. "That is why I am here today, but it does affect your confidence." She revealed she is now anxious about using steps around her garden at home. DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter calls out Loose Women's Denise Welsh's nasty habit [LATEST]Denise Welch causes stir with Rebekah Vardy comparison pic [UPDATE]Denise Welch breaks cover after angry viewers told host 'to be quiet' [REACTION] "I didn't want to walk on today and make some stupid mistake," Gloria told her co-stars. "I am petrified because underneath this makeup I am black and blue all around here. "I am just petrified of falling again," she repeated as the panel tried to reassure her. Reflecting on missing the Jubilee celebrations, Gloria said she was due to join Cliff Richard on a bus heading down Pall Mall to represent the decade the Queen ascended the throne.  "I missed the bus," Gloria told ITV viewers with great disappointment. Despite being concerned about falling over again, Gloria revealed she felt "safe" in the Loose Women studio. "I feel happy coming here, it's good for my head," she added. "I've always worked and want to come back to do what I've always done, what is normal." Loose Women airs on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 