 Just two hours before the plane was due to take off, the European Court of Human Rights issued an order to stop one man joining the flight. The remaining six made similar claims against deportation, leaving the flight from a Ministry of Defence site grounded, with no clear answer as to whether it will take off. Mr Johnson, asked if it would be necessary to pull out of the European Convention of Human Rights to hinder legal challenges, said: "Will it be necessary to change some laws to help us as we go along? It may very well be and all these options are under constant review." The Prime Minister accused barristers intent on thwarting the government’s plan of “abetting the work of criminal gangs” smuggling people across the English Channel. A Whitehall source said: "It's a shame that lefty lawyers are exploiting the system to block the removal of those who have no right to be here.” By this morning, just seven individuals were still scheduled to fly out to Kigali out of the 130 initially expected to join the flight.   Ministers already planned to restrict the use of the rules that protect an individual’s right to a family or private life through a new Bill of Rights - but the Government had planned for Britain to remain signed up to the convention, which allows claims to be taken up with the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg. Mr Johnson said he had always been braced for “bumps in the road” when he announced the radical plan to tackle the small boats crisis. He said: “It may take a while to get working properly, that doesn’t mean we aren’t going to keep going. “I think it is very important we continue to show the people traffickers their business case is going to be undermined and they are cheating people.” But he said all options are under review to ensure he can enact the policy. “The legal world is very good at picking up ways of trying to stop the Government from upholding what we think is a sensible law,” he said.   The Government struck a deal earlier this year with the Rwandan government to take thousands of migrants who illegally enter the UK. Security guards at the Hope Hostel in the Rwandan capital said they were ready to process the new arrivals tomorrow. The plan has been the source of widespread backlash from more than 160 charities and campaign groups, a number of which have launched legal challenges. Prince Charles reportedly bashed the policy when speaking in private, describing it as "appalling". Opposition to the flight intensified further today as Stop Deportations protesters blockaded Colnbrook Immigration Removal Centres at Heathrow. Meanwhile, the archbishops of Canterbury and York along with 20 other bishops signed a joint letter condemning the plan, describing it as an “immoral policy that shames Britain”. It said: "Many are desperate people fleeing unspeakable horrors. These are people Jesus had in mind as he said when we offer hospitality to a stranger, we do it for him. "We cannot offer asylum to everyone, but we must not outsource our ethical responsibilities, or discard international law - which protects the right to claim asylum."   Conservative MP Tom Hunt blasted the “hysterical” criticism levelled at the policy by bishops and other members of the “elite”. He said: “Many of the most vocal critics have been from elite society and have never had to live with the consequences of uncontrolled illegal immigration, for example, some of those bishops who have intervened into the debate. “I think it is quite clear that some of the most vocal critics of this who have been the most hysterical over this policy have been individuals who have never had to live with the consequences of uncontrolled immigration and the impact that has on public services. “They have never had to wait for a GP appointment, they have never had to battle to get a school place for their child, they have never faced a battle to get a council house. So I do find it a bit rich to be hearing lectures from them.” Lord Coaker, shadow spokesperson for home affairs and defence, branded the Rwanda policy “unethical, unworkable and expensive", saying it "flies in the face of British values”. He argued, during a House of Lords debate on the policy, that it is not only “shameful” in a moral capacity, but that the Government putting an RAF base on standby just to facilitate the flight of around seven people would be costly for the taxpayer, asking what the cost will be for each person. 