It means even some of his ministers have used the privacy of the ballot box to stick the knife in and push for change. This goes beyond a Rejoiner plot or disgruntled MPs who think they should be ministers. The PM now has to take notice and listen if he is to hold on. But these are serious times and there is a need for serious people to guide us. In Boris Johnson we have – whatever his detractors may say – a serious politician and leader. That is not to say he is not flawed, as the issues over rule-breaking in Downing Street have somewhat brutally exposed. But let us not forget that this is the Prime Minister who has consistently got the big calls right. He was right about supporting Brexit and then getting Brexit done with a very good deal with the EU. This is the Prime Minister whose judgment on Covid was sound and who made the EU look like lumbering fools with the speed of his vaccine rollout to end the crisis. This is also the Prime Minister who mustered the international effort to defend and stand with Ukraine. Without his support, it may have been overwhelmed. It is his record on the big calls that has saved the Prime Minister. But only just. The misdemeanours over lockdown rule-breaking are just a small part of the concerns MPs and many others have. It was reassuring that he has promised MPs serious leadership and a policy-heavy approach to Government. After-tax rises, a series of nanny state reforms and interference, as well as an over protracted lockdown, Mr Johnson needs to be a genuine Tory Prime Minister again. Too often many have believed we may as well have a Labour government – that is not what the people of this great nation voted for. It is good that he has promised to listen to his MPs and their concerns. He must do that and not just pay lip service to it. He must also now move fast on ensuring the UK can enjoy the benefits of Brexit. A poll for the Express website over the weekend shows 54 percent, unsurprisingly, believe he has been too slow. But Mr Johnson is not the only one who must listen. Tory MPs need to listen and be serious too. The vote is over and it is time to move on and give the PM a chance to prove himself to be true to his word. He has 12 months to show to the country and his party that he can be a great Conservative leader in the tradition of his Hero Winston Churchill.