Comedian Jo Brand joined Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley and weighed in on the sensitivity that has been put on the comedic industry. When touching on her own career, talk turned to the backlash Ricky Gervais and Jimmy Carr have recently received over their jokes. Jo slammed the negativity they received and claimed there were no "legal rules" when it comes to making jokes. Comedians Ricky Gervais and Jimmy Carr are most known for their controversial comments and jokes during their shows. They have always expressed that their shows aren't for the light-hearted and have previously spoken out against the backlash they had received. When speaking to Richard and Susanna about her own career and how she has survived any negativity she had received, she explained: "I think having a thick skin. "Because I know a lot of people fell at the first hurdle because they didn't like people shouting abuse at them, whereas I quite like it." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson Richard asked: "What do you think about the Ricky Gervais and Jimmy Carr argument and that there are some things you can't make jokes about?" "I think there aren't actually any literal legal rules about it," Jo quipped. "So at the moment, you can say anything you want pretty much unless you are breaking some sort of law. "I think lots of things are going to upset lots of people," she argued. "And I think we know about it much quicker these days because of social media. "In my day, if I upset someone, I didn't hear from them for four weeks," she joked. Ricky's latest show, Armageddon, sparked an uproar on social media with people who had seen and heard the show. Hitting back at the backlash, he took to his Twitter account and joked: "Another amazing audience at @lsqtheatre for my #Armageddon new material night. "They laughed at things that shouldn't be laughed at, and I have reported them for hate crimes. I'll do more soon." The successful comedian previously admitted that he wanted to "try and get cancelled" as he wanted to push the boundaries as far as he could after his long-awaited return. DON'T MISS...David Baddiel 'hopes Jimmy Carr is still a friend' despite criticism [INSIGHT]Katherine Ryan addresses backlash aimed at co-star Jimmy Carr [LATEST]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [WATCH] He told Heat: "I'm treating it like it's my last one ever. It won't be, but I want to put everything into it. I want to try and get cancelled. No, I just want to go all-out there. "It's about the end of the world and how we're going to destroy ourselves for lots of reasons, whether it's media stupidity or the actual end of the world." Jimmy Carr was also the recent victim of cancel culture warriors as his new Netflix special, His Dark Materials, faced a storm of negativity from viewers. The special saw him joke about the mass murder of Romanie and Sinti people during World War II and offended the LGBT community. He recently took to the stage during a stand-up show at the Whitley Bay Playhouse, where Jimmy told the audience: "I am going to get cancelled, that's the bad news. "The good news is I am going down swinging. The joke that ends my career it's already out there. It's on YouTube, Netflix, or whatever, and it's fine until one day it f***ing isn't." Celebrity Big Brother and My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star Paddy Doherty said of the holocaust joke: “He should be investigated by the police. “That wasn’t a joke. He’s talking about mass murder being a positive thing – there’s a level you don’t go to. More than a million of my people were killed.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.