Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall was one of a selected few members of the Royal Family to join the Queen on the balcony at the end of Trooping the Colour. The Duchess ensured Prince Charles could best enjoy the outing with his mother by swiftly helping him position himself next to Her Majesty. She could be seen placing her hand gently but firmly on the Prince of Wales's arm and moving him to the side closer to the Queen.  Camilla then passed behind him and took her own place by his side to the right of the balcony. The Duchess of Cornwall earlier travelled to Horse Guards Parade with Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and her three children. The two royal brides looked down from an off-side building as Prince Charles and Prince William stepped in for the Queen to take the salute of the Irish Guardsmen on behalf of the Queen. Princess Anne also joined in her role as Colonel of the Blues and Royals on a horse named Sir John. JUST IN: Queen beaming as she shares precious moment with Prince Louis on palace balcony  The joint outing with the Queen was the second of two appearances from the monarch on the balcony on Thursday - the start of the special extended Jubilee weekend marking her 70-year-reign. Earlier, Her Majesty joined her cousin the Duke of Kent on the famous frontage to take a salute of her soldiers returning from Trooping the Colour, after the Prince of Wales deputised for her on the parade ground. Eighteen royals including the Queen stepped out to watch the high-profile flypast, with the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and their three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis flanking the monarch. The Queen leaned over to chat animatedly with her four-year-old great-grandson Louis, who at one stage covered his ears, and reacted with his mouth wide open and eyes tightly shut as the aircraft thundered overhead. READ MORE: Prince Harry beaming with Meghan as couple seen for first time together in UK since Megxit Fifteen RAF Typhoons paid a special tribute to the monarch's record-breaking reign, flying in the formation of the number 70, prompting smiles from the Queen. Dressed in a dusky dove blue Angela Kelly coat which she wore for her official Jubilee portrait, and a matching hat, the 96-year-old Queen was holding a walking stick and wearing the Guards' Badge on her coat. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were among the guests who earlier watched Trooping the Colour at Horse Guards from inside the Duke of Wellington's former office, overlooking the parade ground. They joined a host of more than 30 royals including Camilla and Kate and the Queen's extended family including all of her grandchildren.