Sue Barker admitted she was welling up after Matteo Berrettini paid a touching tribute to the outgoing BBC presenter following his victory over Filip Krajinovic in the Queen’s final on Sunday. The 66-year-old is set to stand down from her role with the BBC following the conclusion of this year’s Wimbledon.  “I just want to say congrats for your career,” Berrettini told Barker after the presenter had interviewed him on court following his Queen’s title success. “I heard it’s going to be your last Queen’s and last Wimbledon. So good luck with the rest of your beautiful life. And congrats.” Barker thanked the star for his kind words before turning to BBC pundit John Lloyd and saying: “I’m welling up now, oh dear. What a nice guy.” Barker’s BBC departure was announced earlier this month as the veteran broadcaster explained the time was right for her to walk away from the corporation. “What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world,” the former tennis star said. “I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best.” READ MORE: Matteo Berrettini makes Wimbledon choice between Djokovic and Nadal   Barker spent over a decade on the tennis tour throughout the 1970s and 1980s and was crowned French Open champion in 1976 after dispatching Renata Tomanova in the final. She also reached two Australian Open semi-finals and the Wimbledon semi-final. Having struggled with a series of injuries during the latter stages of her tennis career, Barker brought her playing days to an end in 1984 before moving into broadcasting initially with Australia’s Channel 7 and then BSkyB. She joined the BBC’s Wimbledon coverage in 1993 before taking on main presenting duties at the turn of the century. DON'T MISSNadal told he may face shock Wimbledon exit after 'vulnerable' warningNadal will look to achieve what Djokovic couldn't with Wimbledon newsDjokovic joins Nadal at pre-Wimbledon event that Raducanu could play    Barker initially appeared to be taken back by Berrettini’s on-screen tribute but composed herself to dissect his performance alongside Lloyd. The Italian ace was in imperious form in London as he raced to a 7-5, 6-4 victory over his Serbian opponent. Berrettini also won the Queen’s title last year and has illustrated his ability to dominate on grass. He reached the final of Wimbledon 12 months ago, before going down to Novak Djokovic on Centre Court, despite winning the opening set. And the 26-year-old will once again be among the favourites to lift the trophy at the All England Club when the third Grand Slam of the year gets underway later this month. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here