From the earliest Roman times, when crop cultivation and ornamental gardening first began to be documented, common salt has been recognised as beneficial to ward off pests and encourage healthy plant growth. Now, as we look for more ways to create an eco-friendly garden, this common household staple is back in fashion. From killing weeds to aiding in healthy plant growth, there’s lots this kitchen ingredient can have to offer to gardens. Bob Flowerdew, organic gardening expert for Amateur Gardening said: “Salt is said to be so valuable it entered our language from salarium, which was the salt ration in a Roman soldiers’ pay. “A pinch of salt, in small doses, can really benefit your garden.” Gardeners are advised to proceed with care, however as it “will kill almost anything”. Bob explained: “It’s true that a very high concentration of salt will kill almost anything – including weeds – as can almost any dissolved substance. READ MORE: I used a 13p fruit to remove stubborn limescale from my bathroom tap “But that’s a really strong solution, and it would need to be a very large quantity, as salt will wash out of the soil so quickly.” Of course if there are plants gardeners want rid of in their garden, salt can do the trick, chemical-free. Those who want to get rid of poison ivy, for example, gardener Kelly Keating, founder of Gardener Basics, says salt can be effective. She said: “Simply mix salt and water together to create a saltwater solution, and then apply it directly to the poison ivy plants. DON'T MISS: How to clean ‘greasy’ wooden blinds using tumble dryer sheets [TIPS]Mrs Hinch fans share 29p way to fix ‘rough’ and ‘crunchy’ towels [INSIGHT]Easy kettle trick to knock £300 off your energy bills each year [COMMENT] “The salt will work to kill the plants, and you won't have to worry about putting any harmful chemicals on your property.” Gabriel J. Croteau, Certified Master Gardener at Juliei Salone, also likes to throw a handful of salt into his organic compost. He said: “Salt will help break down organic matter faster so that you can use it sooner in your garden or yard.” Salt is a fertilizer, in the sense that “small amounts help to improve the growth of some plants”, says Bob. He explained: “I’ve tried it experimentally on turf and, as long as it is dissolved and watered on, diluted salt helps to green and boost things up and has remarkably little damaging effect, until reaching a handful a square yard.” READ MORE: ‘Most underrated’ features that you ‘need’ in your kitchen It’s particularly good for asparagus, he adds, doing double duty for fertilising plants and as a weed killer. The expert said: “Strong solutions are used in asparagus beds for the likes of ‘Jersey Giant’ and can keep weeds in check.” Coastal plants which are well-adapted to salty soil and are likely to benefit from extra sodium rations include sea holly, samphire, statice and sea kale, and many other plants originating from the seaside, says Bob. He added: “Both beetroot and cabbages originated as maritime plants, so they too benefit from salt in their diet, but as with us, best to use it sparingly.” When used correctly, salt can help plants become healthier. It is also organic and inexpensive. The main thing to know when considering its use as a fertiliser is that it has to be diluted. The proper way to dilute sea salt will vary depending on what plant it is being used to benefit. It should not be applied right into the ground. Instead, many experts suggest mixing it with water or water-soluble fertiliser. Start by dissolving the salt into a bit of water and run it through a strainer. Add one teaspoon of the filtered salt to a gallon of water and pour it into a garden sprayer.