Princess Anne and her close family led the carriage procession on the third day of Royal Ascot, normally known as Ladies' Day. The Princess Royal was accompanied in the first carriage by her doting husband and former Navy officer Sir Timothy Laurence. Mike and Zara Tindall were also with the couple, as announced by Ascot racecourse. The second carriage included another member of the Royal Family, believed to be much loved by the Queen - Lady Sarah Chatto, Princess Margaret's daughter. Princess Anne, Zara and Mike have already been spotted at Ascot in recent days. The Princess Royal had already taken part in the carriage procession on the first day. However, she was not in the first carriage to enter the racecourse, occupied instead by Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Princess Anne's son Peter Phillips was in their company. Unlike the two previous day, the leading carriage saw four people taking their seats. This peculiar choice of leaving a spare seat on Tuesday and Wednesday was noted by many royal watchers, and ITV commentator Ed Chamberlain said leaving an empty seat could have been a deliberate choice to pay tribute to the Queen, who did not attend the first two days of the races. READ MORE: Royal Family must work to preserve ‘magic of monarchy’ Mr Chamberlain said: "I'm just assuming that the seat is left empty as a mark of respect because Her Majesty The Queen is not here today. "Let's hope she comes tomorrow, tomorrow is the day of the Gold Cup. "But the Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles are very much at the forefront again." Royal Central editor-in-chief Charlie Proctor commented on the first carriage transporting four people today with a tweet. He said: "Some media commentators have speculated that the empty seat in Carriage 1 on the first two days of #RoyalAscot could have been to respect The Queen. "A good sign that it is filled on Day 3 perhaps?" However, the monarch skipped today's races too, as it was later announced. In past years, the Queen would normally attend all the five days of the races at Ascot, which is believed to be one of the events she looks forward to the most every year. In 2021, she only headed to the races on the last day, accompanied by her racing manager John Warren. While she has still to make an appearance at Ascot this year, the Queen issued a message to racegoers on the first day of the event. Included in the race meeting's programme, the monarch's statement read: "I am delighted to welcome you to the first Royal Ascot with a full attendance since 2019. "After the challenges of recent times, this year's Royal Meeting provides a long-awaited opportunity for supporters of racing from all over the world to come together for five days of outstanding sport. "Once again, it is thrilling that horses from around the globe have travelled to Royal Ascot to compete at the highest level." She then referred to the Queen' Green Canopy launched last October, a tree-planting initiative which aimed at creating a lasting tribute to the monarch on the year of her Platinum Jubilee. She said: "I have been most grateful for the continued kindness shown to me by the racing community. "In my Platinum Jubilee year, I was interested to learn that in support of The Queen's Green Canopy initiative, Ascot Racecourse and the Crown Estate have planted 70 oak trees in Windsor Great Park, each of which is linked to a local school. "I hope you all have an enjoyable and memorable time, and I wish connections of the horses running this week the very best of luck."