Dennis Cahill died with his wife Mary by his side on Monday evening. Tributes have since poured in for the renowned guitarist and Irish traditional musician. His death was announced by pal Jimmy Keane on his website, posting: "Our dearest Dennis passed away peacefully on Monday evening, with his beloved Mary by his side as she has throughout his journey. "Just moments before — we were comforting Dennis while The Lament for Limerick from Dennis’ album with Martin was on in the background — and as the track advanced to My Love is in America, Mary turned off the player, leaned over to hug and kiss Dennis one last time – and then he was gone… "Too heartbroken to write any more… Play a tune today. Sing a song. Tell a corny joke. Sip a whiskey. Cherish a memory… "My loving condolences to Mary, Cliodhna, the Cahill family, and all of Dennis’ many friends… Love you Dennis and rest gently in peace…" READ MORE: Amanda Owen addresses Ravenseat struggles amid split Tributes have since poured in for the musician, Ireland's President Michael D Higgins offered his condolences. He said: "It is with great sadness that those with a love of traditional Irish music across Ireland, his native Chicago and around the world will have heard of the death of Dennis Cahill. "Dennis brought a unique and innovative style to his guitar playing, while being deeply respectful of the essence of traditional Irish music. "He will, of course, be best remembered for his collaborations with Martin Hayes both as a duo and within the group The Gloaming. "I had the pleasure of hearing Dennis perform on many occasions and will always remember in particular the performance by The Gloaming as part of the concert Ceiliúradh, held in the Royal Albert Hall in London in 2014 as part of my State Visit. "On behalf of Sabina and myself, I would like to express my deepest sympathies to Dennis’s wife Mary, to his family and to all his friends and colleagues across the world." Dennis' The Gloaming bandmates posted: "16 June 1954 - 20 June 2022 R.I.P. We love you Dennis." Dennis, whose parents were from Co Kerry, Ireland was born in Chicago on June 16 in 1954. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp says show was stopped after Prince William's arrival[LATEST]Abbey Clancy flashes underwear in tight see-through dress with husband[PICTURES]Emma Willis' husband Matt admits to family 'I can't control myself'[ADMISSION] He began learning guitar at nine years of age, eventually studying at the Chicago Music College. Dennis was regarded as one of the most respected and innovative guitar players in the world of traditional Irish music, developing his own unique style of playing and performing his music around the world. He was probably best known for his musical partnership with fiddler Martin Hayes. The two played as a duo and also as part of the Irish traditional supergroup The Gloaming. Dennis and Martin collaborated or played with artists including Sting, jazz guitarist Bill Frisell, Grammy-winning bluegrass and country star Ricky Skaggs, newgrass artists Darol Anger and Mike Marshall, and the Irish Chamber Orchestra. In 2011 they were the featured performers at the White House for President and Mrs. Obama, the Vice-President, and the President of Ireland. With The Gloaming, they performed in Brussels in 2013 to celebrate Ireland’s Presidency of the European Union. In 2014, the duo performed at London's Royal Albert Hall for the historic first state visit by the Irish President. 