The Crown Jewels will delve into the history and symbolism of the jewels during this momentous four-day bank holiday weekend. The BBC documentary is one of the many shows airing during this time to commemorate the Queen's 70 years on the throne. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch The Crown Jewels.  The Crown Jewels is a one-off special airing as part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The documentary is going to air on Friday, June 3, at 7.30pm on BBC One. The Crown Jewels will have a one-hour running time, showing just after The One Show. But don't worry if you miss it as The Crown Jewels will be available to watch on the channel's free streaming service as well. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret   Presenting The Crown Jewels will be journalist, newsreader and Mastermind presenter Clive Myrie. The 57-year-old has recently been reporting from war-torn Ukraine but returned to the UK to film the special. Myrie is a multi-award winning journalist, working as one of the BBC's most experienced foreign correspondents. He later became a presenter for the BBC News channel back in 2009.  Myrie spoke to What to Watch about viewers being able to see the jewels in a new light in the show. He explained: "We used high-resolution cameras and special lenses that can really get inside them, and see how the light bounces off the different facets so that it practically glows – they call it the ‘fire’. "I think we managed to nick the kit Sir David Attenborough normally uses!" He also revealed how there was a lot of "protocol" surrounding getting close to the jewels as "you can't look down on a crown, because only God can do that". DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [EXIT]Prince Charles and Kate in touching moment as future King blows kiss [ROYAL]‘Monarchy means nothing to me’ says Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones [EXPLAINER] The official synopsis gives more detail as to what fans can expect from the documentary. It reads: "A single jewel in the Tower of London has seen the rise and fall of more empires, caused more bad luck and been more prized than any other precious stone on Earth. "The Kohinoor is the most famous - and infamous - diamond in the world, but it’s only one of tens of thousands of jewels and numerous crowns that make up Britain’s most valuable treasure, the Crown Jewels. "Now, to mark the Queen’s historic platinum jubilee - 70 years on the throne - Clive Myrie explores the objects that symbolize her authority.  Myrie will get access to the priceless collection which features 13 crowns and almost 24,000 gemstones which are held in the Tower of London. He will then take a look at the story of how Scotland's Crown Jewels were saved from being destroyed by Oliver Cromwell. In addition to this, Myrie is going to be seen trying his hand at making his own crown. The Crown Jewels airs on Friday, June 3, at 7.30pm on BBC One.