Sara Thompson, an experienced gardener, has offered advice on how homeowners can make the most of their outdoor spaces this summer. The 59-year-old woman, from Coventry, West Midlands, said there are inventive ways to create the illusion of larger gardens, including by painting fences light hues. This helps reflect natural light and therefore makes spaces outdoors look larger. Speaking to Manchester Evening News, Sara said: "It’s as simple as painting your fence. Small outdoor spaces can look a lot bigger by making use of the right colour scheme. "To make a small garden look bigger, you want to avoid using dark colours on your fences as these will suck up any natural light and give the appearance of less space. "Instead, use light colours as these reflect natural light, making your space look bigger."  The expert, who runs comparison site Compare the Gardeners.com, suggests fences should be painted light blue, cream, soft pink or a cool grey to emphasise space. "In the summer, when the sky is a nice light blue colour, blue colour fence paint can help to blend the fence panel with the sky and give the illusion of space," Sara said. "Neutral tones such as a cream help colourful flowers to pop out and stop the fence from being a focal point. "Like cream, a soft pink will also allow your garden’s natural features to shine and create zones of light and colour that promote the illusion of space. "Just like blue paint, cool grey can make a small garden look bigger as it also blends nicely with the sky."  The gardening expert also shared some more tips to help transform your small outdoor space - such as decluttering your garden, using mirrors and changing the layout. She continued: "It seems obvious, but keep your garden-clutter free. "A cluttered garden can suddenly appear even smaller. When you have a small space, you'll want to use garden storage and other space-saving products to make it feel bigger. Small plant containers might also help you save space. "If your garden space is small, plant tall, slender trees along the sides to help the space feel larger and contribute to the length of the garden. Large things, especially those that are wide, should be avoided. "Garden mirrors are an excellent method to bounce light about, create the illusion of more space, and extend portions of a small garden. "Sometimes, you might have all the right pieces but the layout could be better. Play around with different layouts until you find one that seems right. A simple arrangement can make a tiny garden appear larger, with limited space you have to be smart."   