George Michael ended Martin and Shirlie Kemp's plan to move their family to the US, the Wham! singer has revealed. In a new interview, the blonde-haired half of Pepsi & Shirlie, 60, explained that she, Martin, 60, and George had a "big argument" about the move, before the Careless Whisper singer put forward the reasons why the family couldn't move to the States. George played a helping hand in getting the couple together when he dialled the phone for Shirlie to speak to Martin for the first time. He also went on their first date with them after Martin slipped the Wham! star his number. Following the birth of the couple's two children, Roman and Harley, Martin and Shirlie made George their godfather. So when it came to the couple discussing the possibility of moving their family to America, George naturally wanted to have his input, expressing his reluctance over the move. READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question Shirlie said: "We had such a big argument about it. “[George] said, ‘You can’t take them away from me, we’ve got the best schools.’ "He really loved our family. It was so special," she added. The star went on to reveal that he especially bonded with her and Martin's son. Shirlie explained: "He had a lot in common with Roman in particular – George really connected with him. "They both loved having debates and were massive Simpsons fans. "He bought Roman his first PlayStation – that really changed Roman’s life," she added, explaining that they'd play the games console together. Earlier this year, Martin revealed that he and Shirlie have been "struggling" since their children moved out of the family home. DON'T MISS... James Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies [INSIGHT]Demi Moore shares new pics with rumoured 'boyfriend' Daniel Humm [ANALYSIS]Hailey Bieber, 25, stuns in cleavage-baring sparkly dress [UPDATE] Despite it being “a while” since they all lived together in Hertfordshire, Martin recently explained that although the experience is known to most parents as “empty nest syndrome”, he believes it is better described as “empty heart syndrome”. While discussing where his home is in a new interview, the former EastEnders actor candidly said: “I grew up on the Essex Road when it was kind of left-over bomb sites from the Second World War. “But my home now is Hertfordshire — just me and Shirlie [Holliman], it’s been a while since the kids lived at home. “They call it empty nest syndrome, but I think it should be called empty heart syndrome. “I’ve also got a place in Nine Elms in Battersea for when I’m in London for work.” Further emphasising his sweet relationship with his children, Martin revealed how he chose to celebrate his milestone 60th birthday “just the four of us”. When quizzed on the best meal he’s had, the dad-of-two divulged: “My favourite restaurant by miles is The Ivy Chelsea Garden on Kings Road, the most beautiful restaurant in London.” “We recently went for my 60th birthday — just the four of us: me, Shirlie, Harley and Roman,” the star added to the Evening Standard.