Reporting from Wimbledon, Ms Kirkwood predicted a “breezy” though “mostly dry” day today as a weather front builds up from the west. She said the midlands will begin to see that “cloud building” later on in the day and by the end of tonight, the rain will have “hit London”. As the clouds continue to move through the UK, there will be some “widespread showers” heading into Wednesday, with “heavy and thundery” conditions expected to beset the summer.    Ms Kirkwood said: “Now, the forecast for Wimbledon today, as we were just saying, is mostly dry with just a small risk of a shower as we go through the afternoon. “And we are looking at breezy conditions, breezier than it was yesterday, and a bit warmer than it was yesterday as well. “Temperatures could get up to about 22 or 23 degrees celsius. But the forecast for us all is different. “If you are in the north and the west, it is already wet and windy and that is going to continue through the day.    “Whereas in the east, we are looking at drier conditions but a bit blustery. “We’ve got a weather front that is coming in from the west and moving east. That is what’s bringing the rain. Some of it is heavy; it has been through the course of the night as well. “And as we go on throughout the day, we’ll find the cloud building ahead of it. So, it will cloud over across the midlands throughout today, for example. “But the far south east could still see the odd shower but most will stay dry and don’t forget windy. READ MORE: Wimbledon wash out: Heavy rain to POUR over tennis championships [REVEAL]   “Temperatures ranging from about 14 in the north to about 23 as we come further south. “Now through this evening and overnight, that rain continues to push further eastward, coming into the London area by the end of the night and behind it there will be a fair few showers. “So, with all this going on, it’s not going to be a cold night. It won’t be as chilly tomorrow as it was this morning. “Tomorrow the rain does clear away from the east. Then, we’ll have some widespread showers. They will be heavy and thundery, but it’s the summer, so in between we’ll also see sunshine as well.” DON'T MISS: Met Office issues flooding warning as torrential rain batters Scotland [REPORT]Maps show exact dates UK will BAKE in 30C heat [INSIGHT] Thunderstorms to sweep UK as Scotland issued flood alerts [REVEAL]   Wimbledon will be hoping for sunshine and clear skies today as some of tennis’ biggest names take to Centre Court for their first round in the major competition. Tennis titans Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal will be among those in action at Wimbledon's grass courts on Tuesday. Day two heralds Williams' first match in the 2022 tournament as her efforts to reach a record-equalling 24th grand slam singles title begin. The US athlete will face France's Harmony Tan, who at age 24 is 16 years her junior. READ NEXT: BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood forecasts 'heavy persistent' rainTwo flood warnings issued as unpredictable weather sets inMrs Hinch fans share how to clean a BBQ with simple 13p natural hackHot weather forecast: Exact July date heatwave will scorch Britain'See a doctor' if you've been 'sweating consistently for two weeks or  