The French President and his ministers are deep into campaigning ahead of Sunday's ballot, which will set the balance of power for Mr Macron's second term in the country's top job and determine how much of a say he'll have both at home and in foreign policy matters. Mr Mélenchon's alliance, known as the Nupes or the New Popular Ecological and Social Union, is the biggest challenger to the re-elected leader's National Assembly majority. Ms Borne, who is running for the first time in a Normandy seat, on Wednesday said the party posed a threat to France. She told the 20H of France 2: "The project carried by the Nupes is the project of Jean-Luc Mélenchon. "It is a project of massive tax increases, it is a project that is dangerous for our economy and, on the international level, is a project of leaving the EU and colluding with Russia." Already in 2017, Mr Mélenchon's La France Insoumise proposed an exit from the EU in case treaty reform was not achieved as well as from NATO. Mr Mélenchon has essentially become the heir to France's victorious "non" campaign, which rejected ratification of a European Constitution in a 2005 referendum. In January this year, ahead of the general election, the 70-year-old said he hoped to push EU member countries to break away from bloc treaties "that block us" if he won in April. Although it was Mr Macron who won then (with 58.54 percent of the votes), the législatives are decisive in either granting or depriving the French President of the support he needs to have a free hand for his proposals to cut taxes and make changes to the welfare system. The first round, last Sunday, suggested Mr Mélenchon's efforts to increase the seats of his historic alliance and reduce the number of Macron's centrists could prove successful. DON'T MISSRoyal Family tree: Is Queen Elizabeth II related to King Henry VIII? [ANALYSIS]What next for Boris? Look back at Theresa May's last months [INSIGHT]The two scenarios in which NATO could declare war on Russia [EXPLAINER] According to results published by the interior ministry on Monday, Mr Macron's Ensemble! party took 25.75 percent of the vote, while the Nupes took 25.66 percent. Shortly after the first projections emerged, the far-left runner-up urged voters to go to the polls on June 19 to "reject definitively the disastrous policies of Mr Macron’s majority". Ms Borne, who won the first round of the législatives in Calvados, added in her televised remarks on Wednesday: "The Republic is the defence of republican values." She warned: "Other projects, including that of Mélenchon, do not carry these values. "In this context, it is obviously important that we can have a strong majority in the National Assembly to continue to hold our place in Europe and in the world and to implement the project carried by Emmanuel Macron and my government to protect the purchasing power of the French." Additional reporting by Maria Ortega