Prince Louis of Cambridge delighted royal fans with his antics over the Platinum Jubilee weekend as he watched the events with the Royal Family. And while royal fixtures are likely a bit of a novelty to the four-year-old at the minute, Louis may go on to become a working member of the Royal Family in the future to support his grandfather Prince Charles, his father Prince William and his brother Prince George. Like the Duke of Cambridge, Louis could also get a Dukedom of his own one day.  Based on royal precedent, it stands to reason Prince Louis will receive a Dukedom in the future. The reigning monarch of the time has traditionally granted their sons a Dukedom, and this was the case for all of King George V's surviving sons. The King allocated the Duke of York title to his second son, Prince Albert (later King George VI), the Duke of Gloucester title to his third son Prince Henry, and the Duke of Kent title to his fourth son Prince George.  READ MORE: Prince William stuns as future King spotted selling Big Issue Although Prince Harry received the Dukedom of Sussex in 2018, there were several vacant dukedoms the Queen could have chosen from that may still be vacant when Prince Louis is older. These dukedoms included Clarence, Connaught, Kendal, Ross and Windsor. The Duke of Windsor title is shrouded in controversy, however, as it was held by the Queen's uncle, the former King Edward VIII. Edward prompted a monarchical crisis in 1936 when he decided to abdicate the throne to marry divorcee Wallis Simpson, so this title might not be allocated again any time soon.   The Queen's son Prince Andrew is the current holder of the Duke of York title, and it has traditionally been allocated to the monarch's second son. As Andrew has two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, the Duke of York title will pass back to the crown when Prince Andrew dies and will subsequently be left vacant. As Prince Louis is Prince William's second son, William could create the Duke of York title again for Louis in the future. However, Andrew is no longer a working royal and he has faced significant controversy in recent years, so William could opt for a different title for his son. If Prince William is King, his Cambridge title may have reverted back to the crown and may therefore be re-created for Louis.  DON'T MISS:Kate sparks royal fans frenzy as she blows kiss to Prince Louis [INSIGHT] Mike Tindall speaks of 'trying to keep lid on' Mia, Lena and Louis [ANALYSIS]Kate has 'strongest of bonds' with Prince Louis and his 'playfulness' [INTERVIEW] Peerages can be bestowed by the monarch whenever he or she sees fit, but in recent years, the Queen has opted to give family members a new title to mark their wedding days. Prince William was created the Duke of Cambridge upon his marriage to Kate Middleton in 2011, while Prince Harry was made the Duke of Sussex when he married Meghan Markle in 2018. Some titles are more unique than dukedoms or earldoms, however, such as the Prince of Wales title. The Prince of Wales title is reserved only for the heir apparent to the throne, and the Queen gave Prince Charles the honour in 1958. The Princess Royal title has only been created a few times in British royal history, and it has been held by Princess Anne as the monarch's only daughter since 1987. 