Mr Zahawi also discussed how his own family came to the United Kingdom seeking refuge from Iraq. The Education Secretary explained how people-smuggling gangs were putting whole families' lives at risk, by targeting those most vulnerable in society and putting them on unsafe boats. Home Secretary Priti Patel's new policy on immigration processing kicks off the week, and it has caused many divided opinions amongst the British public. The Education Secretary also expressed how proud he was of the British Governments handling of Afghan, Hong Kong, and Ukrainian refugees that have been settling in the UK Mr Zahawi told Sky News: "I think that the important thing to remember, is we have legal routes for immigration or for asylum and refuge in our country. "And we want to make sure that people come here legally, I'm very proud of what we did for the Afghan resettlement program for the Hong Kong families. "And of course for the Ukrainian families, that I met last Friday in Hexham as well. "You've got to remember that these gangs are putting people's lives at... They're praying on the vulnerabilities of families, putting them on unsafe boats. JUST IN: Putin's thugs 'force protesters to strip and squat' and 'film humiliation' of 20 women Mr Zahawi added: "Probably committing manslaughter or murder, and we've got to break their business model. "So that actually the legal routes are the way forward if those people have arrived in a safe country in France, my family fled directly from Iraq to a safe country which is the United Kingdom. "And I'm very proud of that, but to actually try and conflate or argue that actually, we're somehow not proud of our record on whether it's immigration or asylum and refuge for the people that really in most need, then I'm afraid I directly disagree with you." Despite Mr Zahawi's justification and backing of the Home Secretay Priti Patel's new Rwanda policy, many members of the British publish are outraged. READ MORE: Macron to ‘choke on his croissants’ as UK crushes France in post-Brexit investments  Protestors demonstrated outside the airport to try and halt the flight from taking off to Rwanda. A Government source had previously told The Times that the likely hood of the flight taking off for Rwanda, with migrants onboard was "very slim." He said: "All the lawyers who have been fighting in the courts will now turn their collective might elsewhere and direct all their resources at the remaining individual's due to be on board. "They'll be exploiting every single loophole possible and using every trick in the book to get those last people removed from the flight. "[The chances of the flights going ahead as planned] are very, very slim."  DON’T MISS: Sturgeon’s IndyRef2 pipe dream: Scotland's shocking defence outside UK a barrier to NATO 'We want them to make up!' Americans rally around Meghan and Harry over family rift Princess Eugenie to keep rights to Kensington Palace flat despite Portugal move  Like Mr Zahawi some other MPs believe the new immigration policy will help to stop human smuggling, a dangerous practice which can result in death by drowning as the routes used to transport people into Western countries can be deadly. Northern Ireland secretary of state Brandon Lewis said: “The reality, is this is a policy that is going to deliver to ensure that modern slavery and these people smugglers know that their criminal methods will be broken down. “And saying to people around the world ‘if you are a refugee, if you are an asylum seeker, if you are a legal migrant coming to this country, we want to give you the support to properly help you be part of the UK economy, part of the UK way of life, which is what you want’, and that’s right.” “We’ve got to do that in a proper, legal, managed way and people who are encouraging you to travel illegally are wrong, and we’re going to break their business model.” 