Manchester United have been urged to beat Chelsea and Tottenham to a string of transfer targets after they missed out on landing Darwin Nunez. Striker Nunez left Benfica earlier this week to pen a six-year deal with Liverpool. United endured a miserable season last time around as they struggled to keep pace with the Premier League high-flyers and ultimately finished sixth. They were also knocked out of the Champions League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup in the early rounds. The Red Devils appointed Erik ten Hag as their new boss earlier this year - and the Dutchman has been given the unenviable task of restoring the 13-time Premier League champions to their former glory. But Ten Hag will be desperate to bolster his squad ahead of the new season to ensure his side can compete on all fronts. And Express Sport readers have made their thoughts clear about who the 52-year-old should bring to the club. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer We asked our readers who United should sign as an alternative to Nunez. And, of the 10,502 people who responded, well over a quarter of them (28.2 per cent) named RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku as the player Ten Hag should attempt to get his hands on. The 24-year-old was pushed further forward last season after spending the early part of his career in midfield and on the wing. And he rewarded his club with a staggering 35 goals and 19 assists in all competitions as he became one of Europe’s hottest prospects. Meanwhile, 15.7 per cent of readers think United should go after Everton striker Richarlison, while 13.3 per cent of them believe his Toffees team-mate Dominic Calvert-Lewin would be a better purchase. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited   Elsewhere, 11.1 per cent of respondents have recommended Napoli striker Victor Osimhen to Ten Hag, while 4.8 per cent of them think Bayer Leverkusen star Patrik Schick is the man to go for. Lille striker Jonathan David also made it onto the shortlist, with 4.2 per cent of readers opting for the Canadian, while Sassuolo frontman Gianluca Scamacca was named by 3 per cent of respondents as the best player to sign. But a staggering 19.8 per cent of people who took our poll think United should actually target a completely different player if they want to experience a precipitous upturn in fortunes when the season gets underway later this summer. United begin their 2022/23 campaign by hosting Brighton on Sunday, August 7. And Ten Hag will want his squad to look much stronger than it does now for the season-opener. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 