Mr Myers discussed Prince Andrew's name being printed on the original Order of Service for Garter Day despite his no-show at the ceremony. The Royal Family have been under the spotlight again over the role the Duke of York could be allowed to have despite no longer being a working family member. Mr Myers claimed Prince William and Prince Charles "put themselves front and centre" to essentially contain Prince Andrew's chances of appearing alongside the Queen. Mr Myers told Lorraine: "He's still trying to potentially put himself back into the frame. "And this has caused another Royal row, can you believe. "And William and Charles literally said, this cannot happen the public will be absolutely revulsed on this. "The people at Buckingham Palace had his name on the Order of Service, which had already been printed can you believe. "So it seems as though this decision was taken right at the 11th hour, so I mean who knows what's going on. JUST IN: Putin's thugs 'force protesters to strip and squat' and 'film humiliation' of 20 women     Mr Myers added: "The Palaces are definitely not talking to each other, but it's very interesting that a new power play is emerging. "Even though the Queen is as you say, was still there, we saw her looking fantastic with Charles and Camilla. "Wasn't able to attend the full ceremony due to her mobility issues, but there is a bit of a power struggle going on I would imagine. "And Charles and William putting themselves at the front and centre to tell Andrew to clear off essentially."  READ MORE: Macron to ‘choke on his croissants’ as UK crushes France in post-Brexit investments Prince Charles and Camilla the Duchess of Cornwall stepping up as senior Royals comes as no surprise to other royal commentators. The Queen confirmed earlier this year that Camilla would be granted the role of Queen consort when Charles takes the throne as King. And his son Prince William is also likely to become King in the future after Charles. Charles has been preparing for his role as King for decades and even sat in for the Queen last month to open Parliament. Prince Andrew missed out on the Queen's Jubilee celebrations as the Palace reported him to have been infected with COVID-19. The Duke of York was expected to appear at St Georges Chapel service as he was named in the Order of Service as a participating guest. Prince Andrew was supposed to be part of the procession of Garter knights, but in the end, did not attend. Managing editor of Majesty Magazine, Joe Little said: "Clearly it was the intention he would be there, as he does feature in one of the lists, so it's not a media invention he was going to be there until recently that was the intention. "Interesting that the family should need to intervene on something like this and to pull him back but clearly that's what it takes." 