Last week, the European Parliament voted to support an effective ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2035. Around 15 percent of the EU’s total greenhouse gas emissions comes from road transport. People will still be able to drive petrol and diesel cars and re-register the existing ones past this date. EU lawmakers also endorsed a 55 percent reduction in CO2 from automobiles in 2030 compared with 2021. Joel Teague, founder of Co Charger, reacted to the decision to ban petrol and diesel cars, and whether the deadline is too far away. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “I think the market and the demand for electric vehicles will drive it far more quickly than the 13 years they're talking about. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined £1,000 for not drinking enough water “In some parts of the EU, the vehicle fleet is a very different age and have different attitudes so it may take longer in some countries. “But this idea that people will be forced legally across into EVs in 13 years' time is a bit like claiming in 1910 that people would be forced off their horses by 1925. “It’s not going to be a thing. “On the one hand, 2035. Really? We’re 13 years away and we’re in a climate crisis now. DON'T MISSMan slapped with parking ticket at his wedding [SHOCKING]Warning to drivers: Police coming down 'hard' on license offence [WARNING]Electric car grant cut was 'inevitable' with new calls for loan scheme [INSIGHT] “Belgium and Germany had villages washed away two years ago and it’s only getting worse. “In 13 years, it’s going to be unimaginably worse. On that side, I’m thinking how are they even debating this as something that’s too soon.” The UK Government announced in November 2020 that the sale of new petrol and diesel cars would be in 2030. This puts the UK on course to be the fastest G7 country to decarbonise cars and vans. Step two of the plan will see all new cars and vans be fully zero emission at the tailpipe from 2035. Between 2030 and 2035, new cars and vans can be sold if they have the capability to drive a significant distance with zero emissions, including plug-in hybrids and full hybrids. The ban was initially planned for 2040, but was brought forward by the Government, with the 2050 net zero emissions aim still standing. Mr Teague added: “On the other hand, when I’m looking at it, I think it’s irrelevant anyway because we know that once people make the switch to electric cars, they don't want to go back. “It’s good that it’s a debate, but the fact that they’re debating a date so far in the future is at the same time pathetic and laughable. “In 2030 in the UK, it’ll be all over before then. “No one is going to want to buy a car with an engine in it in 2029. Nobody. “That’s the way I see it, on the one hand shocking that it’s that far out. “The other hand, who cares, it’s going to be over long before then anyway.” The Government has invested billions of pounds into zero emission transport solutions like electric vehicle charging infrastructure and clean technologies. This includes more than £2.5billion into EV charging infrastructure, individual car grants and incentives for home electric chargers.