Prince Louis put on an animated display during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations and it was all thanks to a stash of sweets, former England rugby star Mike Tindall has revealed. But Loose Women presenter Jane Moore has put forward another theory, as she cheekily quipped the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have felt the effects of having a third child. Mike, whose wife Zara is the Duke of Cambridge's cousin, says the royal children were energised during the festivities after eating sweets behind the scenes. As the pageant came down The Mall on Sunday (June 5), four-year-old Prince Louis won many hearts with his cheeky antics by pulling faces and putting his hand over his mother, Kate's mouth. Writing in her latest column, Jane, 60, addressed the young royals' behaviour. She began: "Mike [Tindall] has a theory on why Prince Louis came close to outshining grandma with his wriggling, gurning and raspberry-blowing at the Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux "He says the royal kids were on a 'sugar high' after eating too many sweets. "But several medical studies have already disproved the supposed link between sugar and behaviour." Jane quizzed: "So, in Louis’s case, may I suggest another theory?" The ITV favourite claimed it was the "classic antics" of having a third born child where fewer restrictions and boundaries are placed on the youngest compared to their eldest child, Prince George.   "It’s the classic antics of the youngest child whose exhausted parents rarely have the energy to impose the same boundaries they instilled in their firstborn," she continued in The Sun. The Loose Women presenter offered a useful solution for the Cambridges' pals when seeking out presents for the royal children as she shared the slogans written on a set of mugs that were gifted to her three daughters. They read: “'I’m the first child. I make the rules. I’m the middle child. I’m the reason we have the rules.' "'I’m the last child. The rules don’t apply to me.'" DON'T MISS... Kerry Katona quits UK after regretting 'move back up north'[LATEST]Crossroads legend Jane Rossington diagnosed with Alzheimer's[HEALTH]Christie Brinkley, 68, leaves fans speechless in tiny bikini[PICTURES] Addressing the young Prince's behaviour, Mike said: "Louis was just wanting to have fun. My two are always mischievous." "There were a lot of sweets out back though. So they had complete sugar highs," he said on The Good, The Bad & The Rugby podcast. "It is tough for them. They are all young. It was from two till five or whatever. It is a long time," the former rugby star added, referring to Prince George, 8, Prince Louis, 4 and Princess Charlotte, 7. Mike was pictured on the day jokingly warning a boisterous Prince Louis - who at one point spent time on his grandfather Prince Charles' lap - while he was watching him during the pageant. Elsewhere, the Duke of Cambridge was presented with England shirts bearing the names and ages of Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis, when he visited the England Women’s squad to wish them luck for this summer’s Euros. Thanking the players, he said: "Charlotte wanted me to tell you that she’s really good in goal! She said 'please tell them that'. Budding star for the future!" He added that his eldest son George was "very competitive" when it came to football. Dropping in on a training session at St George’s Park, William showed off his own skills – getting a ball past the goalkeeper on his second try today.