Ronnie Wood's ex-wife Jo Wood has revealed her jealousy over her sister meeting the late Princess of Wales. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the former wife of the Rolling Stones rocker, 67, candidly recalled her meetings with various members of the royal family. Jo explained: "Ronnie and I met Prince Charles. "We went to his house near the palace, I can't remember what it's called now. "It's where they used to live or where he lives," Jo explained. She went on: "We went there with Patrick Holden, who is head of the Soil Association. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies shares racy bedroom selfie "And we went there to discuss organic lifestyles. "And then I met princess Anne," she revealed. Jo added: "She was lovely." The star continued: "I did something for Oxfam, I did an eco-Christmas tree. "And she was there, she was lovely." However, the star revealed that she was envious of her sister who met another royal. Jo explained: "My sister met Princess Diana. I was jealous about that." Jo also addressed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's move to America in 2020, branding the couple "free". DON'T MISS... John Cleese slams Jacob Rees-Mogg over taxpayer’s money [INSIGHT]Demi Rose puts on eye-popping display in busty, barely-there top [ANALYSIS]Catherine Zeta Jones stuns in unearthed snaps with Sir David Jason [UPDATE] In January 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced that they were stepping away from their royal duties and planned to split their time between the UK and North America, where they now live with their family in Montecito, California. When asked about her thoughts on the couple's departure to California, Jo told how the couple can do "whatever they want." She said: "They can do what they want, they're young, they're free. "Whatever they want to do, it's not it's not up to me to have an opinion about what they do, it's not my business." In 2020 Harry and Meghan announced their shock departure from the Firm, while also revealing they will spend more time in North America. The pair had initially spent time in Canada before relocating to California, where they are now based with their two children, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor and Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. The duo are set to make the journey to the Uk this week where the Queen will meet her great-granddaughter Lillibet for the first time. According to royal insiders, the Queen is set to spend Lillibet's first birthday with her, along with Harry, Meghan and Archie.