While the car doesn’t appear to be at risk of being cancelled completely, Ford’s production plant in Germany could be under threat in the long term and numbers of the Focus are due to be slashed considerably in August this year. The factory in the west of Germany currently produces the standard Focus and the performance model the Ford Focus ST. However it will cut production considerably after 29 August, reported Auto Car. The plant opened some 52 years ago and is one of the largest in Europe. A long-term decision is due to be announced by Ford by the end of this month. READ MORE: Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel Just last year, Ford closed all of its factories in India and in 2020 it shut its engine plant in Bridgend, Wales, with the loss of 1,700 jobs. Ford Saarlouis works council chairman Markus Thal told Automotive News Europe that the production cut increases fears of major employee lay-offs in Germany. Some 6,190 workers are currently involved in Focus production at Saarlouis. Ford recently chose to invest £1.59billion into its factory in Cologne, where it currently builds the Fiesta, instead of Saarlouis. It’s believed that decision was taken in order to concentrate on electric cars in Europe. DON'T MISS Drivers could be hit with a £27.50 fee to drive in London [REVEAL] Private parking firms to increase fines to £120 [SHOCKING] Partially blocked parking space in London up for sale for £60,000 [INSIGHT] The Focus has slipped down the list of Europe’s best-selling cars recently as buyers have pivoted to more SUV-based models. Ford has also diverted supply of scarce components to more popular cars, such as the Ford Puma crossover. Only 5000 Focus models were sold in April compared with 10,000 the year before. The Puma is similarly-sized but rides much higher, and sold almost 13,000 models in the same month this year. It comes as sales of new cars in the UK have fallen to one of the worst levels in 30 years amid the cost of living crisis and inflation. The number of new UK registrations fell by over 20 percent in May compared to last year. This in turn made May’s figures the second-lowest in 30 years. The number of new cars registered in the UK stood at 124,400 last month. The data was provided by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT). Mike Hawes, SMMT chief executive, said: “In yet another challenging month for the new car market, the industry continues to battle ongoing global parts shortages, with growing battery electric vehicle uptake one of the few bright spots. “To continue this momentum and drive a robust mass market for these vehicles, we need to ensure every buyer has the confidence to go electric. “This requires an acceleration in the rollout of accessible charging infrastructure to match the increasing number of plug-in vehicles, as well as incentives for the purchase of new, cleaner and greener cars.”