Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni reportedly wants to play for Antonio Conte again. But his transfer to Spurs from Inter Milan is at a standstill as the defender is said to be happy at the San Siro and reluctant to leave. Conte is desperately trying to bolster his squad this summer after helping the Lilywhites cement their place in next season’s Champions League. Inter bought Bastoni from Atalanta in the summer of 2017 when he was just 18 years old. But by the time Conte took charge at the San Siro two years later, the centre-back hadn’t made a first-team appearance following loan spells with his former club and Parma. But Bastoni instantly impressed the ex-Chelsea manager and was soon handed a key role at the heart of the Inter defence. And the 23-year-old proved key during Conte’s second season at the San Siro as the Nerazzurri won their first Serie A title in 11 years. Bastoni’s form under Conte resulted in a call-up to the Italy squad. And the player has gone on to win 12 caps for his country, with one of those coming during Euro 2020, where Italy lifted the trophy after defeating England in the final following a penalty shootout. READ MORE: Liverpool's new incentive to seal £38.3m transfer as Mane replacement Bastoni impressed once again last season under Simone Inzaghi as Inter fell two points short of retaining their Italian title. And he is now a wanted man. Conte is well aware of the impact Bastoni can have and wants to take the defender to England this summer. According to football.london, Spurs are willing to pay Inter’s asking price of £51million to get their hands on the young star and will also stump up whatever wages he demands. But the prospect of working with Conte once again might not be enough to lure the player to the Premier League at this stage. And he could be set to stay where he is for now, as he is reluctant about moving abroad.  Meanwhile, Conte is also keen to prise Chelsea and Manchester City target Josko Gvardiol away from RB Leipzig. But Gvardiol’s situation is akin to Bastoni as the 20-year-old centre-back is also happy at his current club. And that means Conte could soon be facing a major transfer headache. The Spurs boss secured the signature of Ivan Perisic earlier this week, another player he had worked with at Inter. And the 52-year-old is said to want five more signings this summer as he looks to build a squad that can compete in the Premier League and in Europe.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here