News that people on disability benefits will receive an extra £150 has been welcomed by millions who are struggling financially due to the cost of living. Some 2.8 million people who rely on Personal Independence Payments (PIP) could be eligible for 10 other freebies worth thousands. As the cost of living crisis continues to squeeze Britons’ finances, people on a low income are being reminded to check they are receiving all the help they are entitled to. Benefits like PIP are awarded by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to Britons who are disabled or suffering from a long term health condition. Disabled people face extra costs in their day-to-day lives, with some relying on energy-intensive equipment. While the cost of living payment will be made in September, there are ten other ‘freebies’ PIP claimants could benefit from. READ MORE: DWP 'still making state pension assessments errors' PIP acts as a gateway benefit to 10 other benefits and freebies that could save people thousands of pounds. Millions of people could be entitled to free prescriptions, help towards energy bills and a discount on their council tax. These extra benefits have the potential to lift thousands of people out of poverty, yet many aren’t claiming. Below is a full list of things that people on PIP may be able to get for free or for a reduced cost. DON'T MISSGas boilers MUST be banned Boris Johnson’s ‘tsar’ insists [ALERT]Millions to get extra £650 payment in next few weeks [UPDATE]Smart meter warning: Households losing £429 a year [WARNING] 10 freebies you can claim on PIP: PIP replaced the Disability Living Allowance in 2013 and is worth up to £627 a month. Exactly how much someone receives depends on how their condition affects their daily life and mobility. Sometimes people are turned down but it’s possible to appeal a DWP decision. Citizens Advice claims more than half of those who appeal, have the decision overturned at tribunal. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On the Citizen’s Advice website it states: “It can take a long time to get to a tribunal hearing - how long it takes will vary depending on where you live. "The process can be draining but it’s worth remembering that more than half of people who appeal their PIP decision win at a tribunal. “If you feel the decision is wrong, don’t be put off appealing. “You can get help with your appeal from your local Citizens Advice, or a local disability support agency.”