Temperatures dramatically plummeted by nearly 15C in some parts of the country this weekend after the British heatwave peaked on Friday. However, the latest BBC forecast shows that the summer heat looks set to return next week as temperatures steadily climb throughout the week. BBC meteorologist Louise Lear told BBC Breakfast viewers that temperatures will reach 27C in London on both Wednesday and Thursday. This comes as thunderstorms and cloudy weather dominated the UK this weekend. On Saturday, the Met Office urged people to stay indoors where possible as the south of England is struck by a “huge cluster” of thunderstorms. There were showers in many places, with the Met Office issuing a yellow warning for southwest England as the lightning and heavy rain approached. This cloudy weather looks set to continue today, as Ms Lear said: "Clouds will continue to develop throughout the day. "The winds, coming largely from the north, will have an impact on the temperatures, with 13C to 17C in the north while it could reach 22C in the south." JUST IN: Boris faces ex-pat fury if they are denied pension increases  She told BBC viewers: "On Monday, we have a weather front moving into the far northwest of the country, so gradually we will see more clouds arriving into Scotland and Northern Ireland. "But, temperatures will steadily climb in the south as temperatures again reach 22C. "On Tuesday it looks like the summer warmth is set to return, but like before it looks like there will be a north-south divide. "There will be more clouds into Scotland, Northern Ireland, and northern England, while more sun and warmth in the south."  Ms Lear said temperatures on Tuesday will peak at 25C in London. She added that the south of England could see 27C on Wednesday and Thursday but warned that the weekend will see the weather again turn more unsettled. Meteorologist Becky Mitchell echoed this, saying that people going to Glastonbury could enjoy a warm start to the festival. DON'T MISS: Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [INSIGHT]Nigel Farage points to three signs of Brexit backtracking in warning [VIDEO]Brexit LIVE: The Liz Truss masterplan has an unforeseen consequence [LIVE BLOG]  She said: “It looks like the start of Glastonbury, particularly Wednesday or Thursday, is likely to be dry hot, and sunny. “Heading into the weekend from Friday onwards it looks like we could see more in the way of showers, probably some sunny spells and showers.” Friday saw the third consecutive hottest day of the year in the UK, triggering an official heatwave. Health officials even warned about the dangers of hot weather, as the government imposed a level three heat health alert for London, the south-east and east of England. The Met Office also pointed out a marked difference in temperature further north with Glasgow recording just 13.7C at midday. 