It's difficult enough to solve the daily Wordle puzzle, and that's just the one word with six guesses. Quordle, on the other hand, challenges players to figure out four words in nine attempts, which is every bit as hard as it sounds. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of a selection of spoiler-free clues for the daily Quordle. Just head to the bottom of the page for the latest hints for Quordle 152 on June 25. Good luck! Quordle is a Wordle clone with a rather fiendish twist. Instead of using the process of elimination to figure out one word, you're going to need to discover four. Doing so requires players to make a guess and then see how many letter tiles turn yellow or green in each different grid. A yellow tile means that particular letter appears in the word, just not in that exact spot. If it goes green, then the letter is in the word and in the correct position. Grey tiles mean the letter doesn't appear in the word at all. When you guess a word in Quordle it will appear in all four answer boxes, so it's worth focusing on the words with the most yellow and green tiles first. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter M. 2. The first word contains two vowels. 3. Really, really, really, ridiculously good looking. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter D. 2. The second word contains two vowels. 3. Celtic religious leaders. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter T. 2. The third word contains one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. Abrupt statement. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter U. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. Someone who hasn't been to the gym for a while.