Tonight’s Top Gear saw Chris Harris handed the keys to the beautiful new Maserati MC20, a supercar worth almost £200,000 that will do nearly 200mph and can go from 0-60 in a staggering 2.9 seconds. However, some might be surprised to see that once he’d finished rocketing it round the famed Top Gear track, he filled the boot with takeaway pizza. Harris’ reasoning was that although the rear of the car is sizeable for a supercar, it’s also right next to the engine. That apparently makes it perfect for keeping things warm, including enough pizza to make deliveries for the evening. Harris couldn’t resist tucking in himself, managing to burn his mouth and declaring it was “too hot”. READ MORE: George Russell to make a surprise appearance at Goodwood A convertible version of the MC20, named the Cielo, made its debut this weekend at Goodwood Festival of Speed. Elsewhere in the episode the trio of Harris, Freddie Flintoff and Paddy McGuiness were given the chance to pick a car to enjoy from used examples worth £500. They then had to take their chosen motors through a tank-testing course. After failing to pull a huge tyre over a hill, they ended up trying to push each other over, with disastrous results. DON'T MISS Drivers wanting to switch to EVs now face huge wait [REVEAL] The ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT] Drivers and cyclists go head to head over helmet cam videos [WARNING] Freddie Flintoff was also able to test the new all-electric pick-up truck from US company Rivia. The firm aims to rival Tesla’s Cybertruck with its R1T vehicle that could put a dent in some of the sales of the best-selling Ford F150. Flintoff travelled to the UK to test drive the EV, which retails for around $69,000 (£55,000). The former cricketer was amazed by the speed of the R1T, which he described as a “weapon” and “immense”. He then headed to a drag strip with the three tonne truck. There he faced off against traditional muscle cars like the Dodge Viper. Despite the huge weight off the Rivian it can still do 0-60 in around three seconds. But the Dodge Viper held its own due to the colossal power under the bonnet. The hosts then returned to the used car challenge. The final scenes saw them race around a scrapheap attempting to avoid having their cars crushed. Some of the sub-£500 bargains included a Mazda 323, a Rover 75 and a Mercedes C-Class. And at the end of the episode tensions mounted as the scrapheap crusher beckoned.  Watch Top Gear tonight at 8pm on BBC 1