Through the scheme, the Government is encouraging Britons to move away from traditional gas boilers to heat pumps by providing sizeable grants to pay towards costs and installation. This is part of the Government's initiative to install low carbon heating systems while also providing an alternative for families who are hoping to reduce their energy bill. However, a recent survey by Shakespeare Martineau has found that less than one in five consumers consider the heat pump to be affordable for their household. Furthermore, 37 percent of respondents said they would replace a broken gas boiler with another model instead of moving to a green alternative. In comparison, only 12 percent of those polled said they would install an air or ground source heat pump. As part of the Government’s scheme, grants worth £5,000 are being offered to households for air source pumps to be installed. Grants of £6,000 are being given to people who install ground source heat pumps into their homes. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Other moves by the Treasury have been to get rid of VAT on climate friendly technology to encourage people to convert from gas boilers to heat pumps. However, experts are warning that more needs to be done to incentivse people into making a move which many consider to be unaffordable in the short term. Sushma Maharaj, a partner at Shakespeare Martineau, cited the current cost of living crisis as the reason why people are less likely to spend money on heat pumps. Ms Sushma explained: “With the ‘average’ household having little understanding of community energy and only a minority of this group considering low carbon technology (heat pumps) as an affordable option, more must be done to educate and financially support this group. “The Chancellor’s announcement to scrap VAT on energy saving technology is a step in the right direction, but will still leave the public – particularly the average ‘able to pay’ household – well out of pocket. “When consumers are already combatting the rising cost of living, if they are required to fork out large sums for new technology there needs to be further incentives, such as additional grants, interest-free loans, reduced council tax or greater influence of EPC rating on the value of their home.” Currently, households on the energy price cap are experiencing an annual energy bill hike of £693 with the price cap expected to reach £2,800 by October. While many advocates of heat pumps highlight the potential reduction in costs down the line for homes, the price of installation seems too steep for many. Boiler Central estimates that heat pump installation alone could cost a household upwards of £35,000. With the Government’s scheme, those wanting to make this transition would only see a £6,000 reduction on their final bill.  In comparison, it would cost £2,000 for a hydrogen-ready boiler and £7,000 for an air source heat pump, according to Boiler Central. Those interested in still receiving this concession are able to apply for the Boiler Upgrade Scheme via the gov.uk website. Applications for the initiative opened on May 23, 2022 and households can start getting quotes now for how much it will cost their home. Future applicants are encouraged to register their interest with MCS-certified heat pump installers via Ofgem.