The 46th President joined other world leaders in congratulating the Queen as Brits celebrate Her Majesty's 70th year on the throne. Joe Biden, who met with the 96-year-old monarch last June on a state visit to the UK, used the opportunity to laud the relationship forged between Britain and America. In a video recording with wife Jill, Mr Biden said: "Your Majesty, congratulations on your Platinum Jubilee. "For seventy years, you've inspired people with your selfless devotion and service to the people of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth. "And throughout your reign, the relationship between the United Kingdom and the United States has grown stronger and closer than ever." He added: "On behalf of the people of the United States, we send you our best wishes to you and the people around the world marking this momentous and historic occasion." JUST IN: 'Difficult waters ahead' Ellwood tables plan to rejoin single market to tackle cost crisis The First Lady also said: "Throughout the years, the joy your visits to the United States have brought Americans and your solidarity with the American people in times of tragedy have deepened the friendship and profound connection between our countries. "And Joe and I were so touched by the generosity and welcome you showed to us when we visited you at Windsor Castle last year, during our first visit overseas as President and First Lady." The President and First Lady's comments came just weeks after Mr Biden urged Boris Johnson not to walk away unilaterally from the Northern Ireland Protocol. A spokeswoman for the White House said: "The best path forward is a pragmatic one that requires courage, co-operation and leadership. "We urge the parties to continue engaging in dialogue to resolve differences and bring negotiations to a successful conclusion." Mr Biden, who is extremely proud of his Irish roots, previously played down the chances of a UK-US trade deal. Before defeating Donald Trump in 2020, Mr Biden said: "Any trade deal between the US and UK must be contingent upon respect for the [Good Friday] Agreement and preventing the return of a hard border." Brexiteers have considered a US trade deal as a golden opportunity from severing ties with the European Union. DON'T MISS:Brexit superstars: Patriotic companies fly flag for Britain [REPORT]Brexit Live: Tory MP savaged for suggesting re-joining single market [LIVE]Café shuts as owner complains he 'can't get enough staff' after Brexit [REPORT] According to the Office for National Statistics, total trade between Britain and America stood at £215.2billion in 2021. European Research Group chairman Mark Francois told Express.co.uk that Washington should reconsider its position on the Protocol. The Rayleigh & Wickford MP said: "We absolutely have to address this in order to uphold and maintain the Good Friday Agreement and that’s an argument that I think we need to explain to our partners in the United States." However, ahead of a trip by US delegates to the UK, Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi warned that Congress would not support a bilateral free trade agreement with Britain if the Government discarded the Northern Ireland Protocol. Several architects of the Belfast Agreement have called on more action to be taken on the Protocol. Former First Minister David Trimble claimed the UK-EU deal has "ripped out the heart of the 1998 Belfast Agreement". Ex-Prime Minister Tony Blair, who supported Britain remaining in the Brussels bloc, called on the UK and EU to "show maximum flexibility in order to reach an agreement".