Kate Middleton and Crown Princess Mary of Denmark are both incredibly stylish and in many instances have taken a leaf out of each other's style books. The Duchess of Cambridge looked pretty in pink at Wimbledon last year, but this wasn't the first time royal fans had spotted her look. Kate Middleton stepped out on Day 13 of Wimbledon 2021 wearing a vintage blush pink midi-dress. This wool ensemble was the 'Ahana' from Beulah London. It featured a short stand neckline and cropped sleeves. It also boasted little buttons down the front of the dress, and the Duchess' tiny waist was nipped by a chunky belt. READ MORE: Meghan Markle & Sophie Wessex match in red 10 years apart - pictures She accessorised with a dark green and purple bow, which she is permitted to wear as patron of the All England Tennis and Croquet Club. On her feet, Kate opted for her Aldo nude Nicholes block heel pumps. She also wore her silver Mappin & Webb Empress earrings. Ever responsible as well as stylish, the Duchess opted for a sweet floral face mask from Amaia Kids. She wore her her down in loose curls and went for a very minimal makeup look. But this was not the first time royal fans spotted the Beulah look. Crown Princess Mary of Denmark stepped out looking almost identical just a year before at Frederiksborg's National History Museum on June 16, 2020. But rather than blush pink, Mary stunned in a cream version of the frock. READ MORE: Queen Letizia never wears her 'exceptional' diamond engagement ring However, she styled it much the same as the Duchess of Cambridge. Like Kate, the Crown Princess wore her hair down in loose waves. She wore fabulous diamond and red drop earrings and minimalistic gold bangles on each wrist. The royal opted for a bronzed makeup look complete with a deep pink lip. She added a pop of colour with a funky clutch, which boasted geometric lines and patterns in yellow, turquoise, navy and pink. Under an Instagram post dedicated to the style similarities of Duchess Kate and Princess Mary, @silveringqueen said: "They are both amazing and have great fashion sense. "Both always dress impeccably." @nicquilartigue added: "Both have impeccable style."