Daily Express Royal correspondent Richard Palmer said that according to sources “close to the Royal Family”, Netflix will not be allowed to film anywhere near the vicinity of Buckingham Palace or intervene in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Mr Palmer said the crew will need a licence to film there, which they have not been granted, and that such a barrier should provide as a “deterrent” to Netflix over this weekend.    Speaking to The Royal Round-Up host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: “I think sources close to the Royal family have made it abundantly clear there will be no toleration of any Netflix crew. “If they are found in the area of Buckingham Palace, they will be moved on. “It’s a bit of a weird situation but what some people don’t often appreciate is that the streets around Buckingham Palace, the area outside the forecourt, by the Queen Victoria memorial, and the surrounding parks are all controlled by the Royal parks. “Technically, you are supposed to have a licence to film there and while they never bother with members of the public who are taking tourist photos, if they see professional crews and they have not got a permit, then the police do get involved. “So I think that will be a deterrent for any Netflix crew that might be around.”    Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who signed a multi-million dollar deal with Netflix following their acrimonious split from the Royal family, are due to engage in their first official visit to the UK since their departure several years ago. While the exact timing of their arrival is not publicly known, they are expected to attend the trooping the colour ceremony at Buckingham Palace on Thursday morning. Over fears that they will use this opportunity to get inside access to the Jubilee celebrations, sources confirmed that Netflix will not be tolerated in the Palace. The Queen, after “careful consideration”, has ruled the couple out of a “balcony moment” during the ceremony, limiting the event to working members of the Royal family. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reacts as Meghan and Harry's popularity at 'all time low' [REPORT] Prince Harry and Ms Markle are planning to travel with a limited number of security personnel during the visit, according to ITV royal editor Chris Ship. Their appearances will be strictly capped to a small number of events, with no official engagements planned until Saturday. On that evening, they will attend the Derby at Epsom Downs and later the Platinum Party at Buckingham Palace. Diana Ross will headline an open-air concert for the latter event, with a host of other acts entertaining the guests. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'going to have tough week' [REVEAL]Balcony then and now: Queen's 'significant ritual' mapped in pictures [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's Jubilee stint slammed by GB News guest [REPORT]  There has also been speculation there might be an intimate birthday gathering for Lilibet, the couple’s youngest child, at Frogmore Cottage over the weekend. Whether the Queen attends or not, she is expected to meet her great-grandchild for the first time on the weekend of Lilibet’s first birthday. It could also afford the opportunity for Prince Charles to see his two grandchildren, with whom time together has been limited by their residence in America. Unsurprisingly, critics of the couple have been aplenty ahead of the Jubilee, with photographer Arthur Edwards writing in the Sun this week that Prince Harry and Ms Markle should be mindful that the celebrations are “not about the pair of you”.   