Becoming Elizabeth is the new Starzplay period drama which follows the early years of the last Tudor monarch. German actress Alicia von Rittberg is portraying the Virgin Queen for the miniseries and spent months trying to master an English accent and learning to horse ride. While preparing for the iconic role, Alicia revealed something she has in common with Dame Helen Mirren who has also played Queen Elizabeth I.   Long before she ascended the throne, Elizabeth Tudor was an orphaned teenager after her notorious father King Henry VIII ordered her mother Anne Boleyn to be executed in the Tower of London. Elizabeth spent her youth embroiled in the politics of the English court, and the Starzplay series focuses on the years before she was crowned Queen of the nation. Alicia has opened up exclusively to Express.co.uk about how she approached the historic role. The 28-year-old admitted when she heard about the part, she thought there was "no way" she would play Elizabeth I. READ MORE: Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit    However, the actress said she liked the idea of playing a historical figure and was blown away by the script for Becoming Elizabeth. Alicia said: "It’s just something I am absolutely a fan of and absolutely loved reading the script [as] it was never black and white. "They captured that young girl so well who is trying to find her way in life. "It really sold me and I thought I would love to play that character."    After Alicia secured the role, she revealed some advice from Dame Helen that helped put her mind at ease about playing Queen Elizabeth I. She explained: "I think in a way I am quite lucky because that time of her life was not covered that much, so I feel like you don’t have the comparison to other brilliant actresses who have portrayed Elizabeth I before which I think really helped. "On the other hand, I was still incredibly intimated because you don’t want to get it wrong, you know. "One, because so many great actresses have played her and secondly, because she was a person who lived and you want to do her justice."  DON'T MISS...Becoming Elizabeth star Alicia von Rittberg details pressures of role [EXCLUSIVE]Andie MacDowell, 64, and Helen Mirren, 76, dance together in Cannes [PICTURES]Helen Mirren, 76, unrecognisable in heavy makeup and hair extensions [MUST SEE]  What helped Alicia prepare for the role was learning she and Dame Helen both felt "intimidated" to portray the monarch. "When I was researching for it, I read an interview by Helen Mirren who said she was also intimated to play her," Alicia exclaimed. "Then she read something a painter said which read, ‘He can only show his vision of that person in a picture and the only thing she can do is the same.' "It’s just another portrait, we are not trying to get it right or wrong, it is just our vision."   In the Starzplay series, the death of King Henry VIII sees his nine-year-old son Edward (played by Oliver Zetterström) ascend the throne. A dangerous scramble for power emerges with Elizabeth, Edward and their sister Mary (Romola Garai) getting caught between the great families of England and the powers of Europe. Other historical names who feature in the drama include King Henry's widow, Catherin Parr, (Jessica Raine) and Thomas Seymour (Tom Cullen). Becoming Elizabeth launches on Starzplay on Sunday, June 12.  