Tottenham are confident they will pull off the signing of Richarlison this summer from Everton. That is despite late pressure arriving as Antonio Conte continues splashing the cash in the transfer window. Tottenham are closing in on the signing of Richarlison for £60million with Everton under pressure to sell the forward this summer. The Toffees have major financial problems and need to offload players to balance the books. It means there could be a few exits under Frank Lampard's watch over the next couple of months but it is hoped that they can keep the number of departures to a minimum. However, it has allowed Premier League rivals to come and take a closer look at their wares. That includes Richarlison, who is valued at £60m and there has been heavy speculation over a move away this summer. The likes of Chelsea and Arsenal have been interested in the past while Barcelona have also been tentatively linked. Everton recorded a loss of nearly £121m last season and that means it is now three years in a row where they have exceeded losses totalling over £100m. As a result, they might not be able to comply with the Premier League's profit and sustainability rules. According to the Evening Standard, that has given Tottenham a huge boost in their chase to sign Richarlison this summer. The Brazil international is the top target of Conte's as he looks to spruce up his attack. The likes of Lucas Moura and Steven Bergwijn are expected to depart and Conte wants to partner Harry Kane and Heung-min Son up with another big talent. Spurs are confident they will pull off a £60m deal to wrap up a move for Richarlison. However, a double to sign Anthony Gordon as well looks unlikely with Lampard a huge fan of the 21-year-old. He wants to start building around the youngster, who also a contract until 2025. Despite reports that Tottenham are prepared to bid £50m for the youngster, Gordon is considered untouchable while interest in Dominic Calvert-Lewin has quelled since talk that Arsenal could sign him as a striker.