Harry Maguire is determined to remain Manchester United captain and will stage critical talks with new manager Erik ten Hag during pre-season. The under-fire defender was one of many United players to endure dismal 2021-22 campaigns, calling his status into question. Maguire hasn't yet had the chance to meet Ten Hag, who is on holiday before starting his regime on June 27. But showdown discussions are on the agenda once he joins United's pre-season party after finishing England duty and enjoying a break of his own, the Daily Star report. The 29-year-old was made somewhat of a scapegoat for United's worst-ever Premier League season. But his confidence-shot performances and lack of vocality in the media prompted supporters in their masses to call for him to surrender the captain's armband under Ten Hag. Maguire isn't ready to lay down, though, and will clarify his role in the Dutchman's plans when he returns to Carrington for pre-season. Due to his international involvement this month, he is expected to be a part of the later wave returning in early July rather than 25 days' time. JUST IN: Lineker's reaction to Liverpool closing in on £85m Nunez transfer  David de Gea, Bruno Fernandes and Cristiano Ronaldo are standout options to inherit the role of skipper from Maguire next season. But Ten Hag's decision isn't yet known, and he could be happy for the £80million star to continue as the dressing room leader. Since ending his reign at Ajax last month, Ten Hag has closely analysed video footage of United's woeful campaign just gone. He also tapped into ex-interim boss Ralf Rangnick's mind via a two-hour phone call as part of planning as he inherits a squad in dismay this summer. READ MORE: Arsenal learn price for 'Martin Odegaard alternative' against Spurs  Ten Hag will get a good look at his new crop of players throughout United's pre-season tour of Thailand, Australia and Norway. The Red Devils face Liverpool, Melbourne Victory, Aston Villa, Crystal Palace and Atletico Madrid throughout their warm-up schedule. He is known to be a hands-on coach and will be chomping at the bit to get one-on-one training with United's underperforming stars underway. Ten Hag will add new players to his squad this summer, but he is understood to be confident in the potential of his squad and will be aiming to improve the names he has at his disposal, including Maguire. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.