The Queen owns an incredible array of jewellery which she both inherited, and has added to over the years. But one precious gem she turns to time and again is the classic pearl, and she owns some stunning pearl necklaces, earrings and tiaras. The Queen has always shown a fondness for pearls for both everyday and formal occasions, even when she was a young princess. On her wedding day in 1947, then Princess Elizabeth donned the Queen Anne and Queen Caroline Pearl Necklaces. The historic necklaces belonged to the last Stuart Queen Anne and Queen Caroline, the wife of King George II. Since becoming the nation's monarch, the Queen has been pictured wearing pearls throughout her reign, and she wore a memorable set for her grandson Prince William's wedding in 2011. READ MORE: Pauline Quirke's 'bed linen' confession about the Queen and Philip Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks, said: “Whether it’s a wedding, a state banquet or any royal occasion, Queen Elizabeth II is rarely seen without her precious pearls. "Pearls have been at the heart of royal tradition for centuries, with the Queen’s love of pearls dating back to her early childhood when she was gifted two pearls each birthday by her father, King George VI. “The piece she wore for her grandson’s wedding was made with graduated pearls finished with a diamond clasp and accompanied by a matching set of stud earrings. "Subtle, but ethereal in their glow, her pearls are arguably one of the most iconic pieces of jewellery worn by Her Majesty." The Queen has been known to turn up the glamour with her pearl jewellery when necessary by wearing pieces that also incorporate diamonds. Ms Haddon highlighted a particular pair of diamond and pearl earrings that the Queen wore for a formal occasion in the 1970s. DON'T MISSArlene Foster was 'incredibly sad' for Queen [QUOTES]Which Jubilee engagements will Prince Harry and Meghan be in? [EXPLAINER]Meghan and Harry head to UK for Queen's Platinum Jubilee [LATEST] She explained: “Worn by Her Majesty at a state banquet in 1976, the earrings were often paired with a matching necklace and the famous Grand Duchess Vladimir Tiara. "The droplet shape is both classic and timeless – and if you can’t choose between diamonds or pearls, why not have both?" The Vladimir Tiara has been one of the Queen's favourite tiaras during her reign, and pearls are often the key component of it. But the tiara can also be worn widowed (without any gems) or with emeralds, and it once belonged to the wife of Tsar Nicholas II's uncle, the Grand Duchess Vladimir. The tiara was smuggled out of Russia following the revolution and it was purchased by Queen Mary, the wife of King George V. The Queen also owns another famous pearl tiara, the Lover's Knot Tiara, and over the years it has been worn by the late Princess Diana and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge.