The madcap and riveting third season of The Boys is already at its midway point, and viewers can’t wait to see what awaits Billy Butcher (played by Karl Urban) and the team in the next four episodes of the Amazon Prime Video smash hit. After last Friday’s unconventional and brutal action scene starring Kimiko (Karen Fukuhara), Frenchie star Tomer Capone has paid tribute to one of the series’ hardest working members of the cast. Israeli actor Tomer has praised co-star Karen for her dedication to this season of The Boys’ challenging action sequences. As the best fighter and strongest member, Kimiko is often at the centre of the show’s brutal fight scenes in the team’s war against the Supes. In episode four, the series stepped it up a notch by pitting Kimiko against a Russian oligarch to find intel on a Supe-killing weapon. Her weapon of choice? A collection of novelty sex toys based around members of the celebrity superhero team, the Seven. READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser “All I can say is I’m a fan of what she did this season,” Tomer told Express.co.uk. “I’m saying it now, and I’ll keep on saying it because I’ve seriously never seen someone work so hard as Karen did this season.” Kimiko kicks off one of her trademark fights by ramming her weapon of choice, the ‘Silent Screamer’, through the mouth of their Russian target. A Russian language version of I Will Survive blasts over the soundtrack while the martial artist uses the remaining dildos to easily dispatch the oligarch’s four guards. Tomer explained how Karen has one of the hardest jobs of the cast playing Kimiko, in spite of her character never speaking. “[She worked hard] on her action, on her choreography, navigating with signing, you know, learning the language,” he said. “Fighting, dancing… It was impressive.” Once her targets had been taken down, one of the sex workers in attendance manages to get her hands on a gun and shoots the silent assailant. Thankfully, Kimiko’s healing powers make quick work of her wound but, unfortunately, the same can’t be said when Butcher and the team encounter a resurrected Soldier Boy (Jensen Ackles) at the end of the episode. DON'T MISS:Stranger Things plot hole: Creators admit major Will mistake [BLUNDER]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly tried to axe Beth’s wedding dress [INSIGHT]Blocco 181: Salmo didn’t include new music in Italian drama [EXCLUSIVE] Fans will have to tune in later this week to find out if Kimiko can recover from the veteran hero’s deadly laser blast. In the meantime, Karen has remained just as enthusiastic about her role despite the barrage of endurance tests thrown her way this season. “I’m always game for everything!” she confirmed. “I mean, when else will you get to do any of this stuff? “That’s the joy of being an actor, you get to learn these skills. You get to experience what it’s like to be inside of a whale, and things like that.” “So I’m always just really excited to read the scripts.” The trailer for season three has revealed a completely different challenge for Kimiko in an upcoming episode - the show’s first musical dance sequence. Plus, Prime Video has now confirmed The Boys will be back for season four so, hopefully, Kimiko makes a speedy recovery and comes back for more unhinged action next year. The Boys season 3 continues Fridays on Amazon Prime Video.