Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is Manchester United’s top transfer target. But reports claim the 25-year-old is being advised against a move to Old Trafford by ‘people around him’. That’s due to the fact Erik ten Hag can’t offer the midfielder Champions League football after the club finished sixth in the Premier League table thanks to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Manchester United have made De Jong their priority target as they look to replace Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba, who have both left on free transfers. At the moment, they’re yet to agree a fee with Barcelona - despite the La Liga giants’ willingness to sell. Reports have suggested that De Jong is open to moving to United, having previously played under Ten Hag during their time at Ajax together. But, now, Mundo Deportivo say that ‘people around’ the 25-year-old are advising him against a move to Old Trafford. Instead, those close to the player have been saying he should only leave the Nou Camp for a team playing in the Champions League. United had hoped to finish in the top four last term, especially after landing the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez But they endured a horrendous season in the end, finishing sixth in the table. United were, in truth, lucky to finish that high given how poor they were - especially when Rangnick took over. And whether De Jong ends up making a blockbuster move to the Premier League this summer is something only time will tell. The report says that Ten Hag is continuing to convince De Jong that his future lies with United as they plan for the start of yet another new era. Barcelona boss Xavi, though, wouldn’t be against keeping hold of De Jong as he looks to re-awaken his own sleeping giant. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Xavi would supposedly be ‘delighted’ if De Jong continues, even though the 25-year-old has often struggled for consistency during his spell in Catalonia. However, the Spaniard is aware that Barcelona’s need to balance their finances could end up counting against them. Barcelona are hoping to register Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie, who are poised to join from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. And it’s claimed they’re also looking to make three other signings, too. Jules Kounde is on their radar, though they face a fight with Chelsea when it comes to securing the signature of the France international. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Barcelona are also aiming to land Bernardo Silva from Manchester City, especially if De Jong goes. And Robert Lewandowski is their priority target, with the Poland international determined to leave Bayern Munich for a new challenge elsewhere. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick thinks he’d be a great signing for Ten Hag’s project. “I definitely think the club should go for someone like De Jong. United need new options in the middle of the pitch, and he’s a hugely gifted player,” Chadwick told CaughtOffside. “We’re not privy to his situation or everything that’s being said behind closed doors, but it does seem like every Ajax player past and present is being linked with United since Ten Hag got the job. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m sure those Dutch players in that incredible team that Ten Hag built at Ajax would relish the opportunity to work with him again. “I’m sure someone like De Jong would at least want the opportunity to speak to the club. “He fits the profile, he’s a completely different character to Pogba in terms of how he conducts himself off the pitch. “In my eyes, looking at the player, but not knowing the entire situation, admittedly, I think United should go for him. “I think he should be considered because of what he did at Ajax under Ten Hag previously.”