Gerard Pique has vowed to bounce back after Barcelona boss Xavi decided he was expendable this summer, according to reports. The Spain international has been at the club ever since 2008 and won every trophy possible during that time. But, with the 35-year-old approaching the twilight years of his career, his future at the Nou Camp is now up in the air. Barcelona have seen the best of Pique ever since his arrival from Manchester United 14 years ago. But it emerged on Monday that Xavi was ready to part ways with the veteran, who recently split from pop star wife Shakira. Xavi, it’s been claimed, wants to jettison Pique because he believes his off-field commitments, coupled with his injuries in recent years, have seen him regress. But Esports 3’s ‘Onze’ programme, via Sport, have claimed the 35-year-old is now getting tough behind the scenes. Pique has promised Xavi that he’ll changed in order to save his Barcelona career, even though his manager’s decision remains ‘firm’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, in a meeting with Joan Laporta, the defender bullishly claimed he’ll be a starter next term. Pique has vowed to put his private life aside to focus solely on footballing matters. That means he won’t have much of a social life, while he’ll also take a step back from the businesses he currently owns. And he even told Laporta he wants to stay for two more years, at least, while accepting he needs to lower his salary to help the club’s financial situation. Pique reportedly challenged Barcelona chiefs to sign the ‘best central defender’ in the world so they can sit on the bench. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Xavi has now earmarked Jules Kounde as his dream signing to replace the Barcelona legend. How the situation pans out remains to be seen. But Pique will be hopeful of getting back to his best having been a standout performer for Barcelona during their glory years. It’ll also be curious to see how the former Manchester United star reacts following his split with Shakira, too. The duo have been together ever since 2010, when they grew close on the set of her video for ‘Waka Waka’. They’ve had two children, too, named Milan and Sasha. And while there have been claims Pique cheated on Shakira with team-mate Gavi’s mother, those rumours are completely false. Shakira’s agency confirmed their split at the start of the month, saying in a short statement: “We regret to confirm that we are parting ways. "For the well-being of our children, who are our highest priority, we ask that you respect their privacy. Thank you for your understanding.” Reports in Spain have claimed Pique has been living a ‘party lifestyle’ since the split was announced. But latest developments suggest he’s focusing on football more than ever instead. Regarding other Barcelona targets, they’re still expected to register Andreas Christensen. Franck Kessie is being eyed for midfield with his AC Milan contract expiring. And, up top, they remain keen on recruiting Bayern Munich hitman Robert Lewandowski. That deal won’t be easy, however, with the Bundesliga titans adamant the Poland international won’t be allowed to leave the Allianz Arena behind.