Last year, it was announced that Prince Harry is set to release a "intimate and heartfelt memoir" about his life. Although the contents of the book remain unknown, it is expected to cause added controversy between the prince and the rest of the Royal Family. Speaking on Palace Confidential, royal expert Richard Eden suggested that Prince Harry could be "keeping a distance" from the family until after release date because he "can't face them". Palace Confidential's host Jo Elvin asked Mr Eden: "What could he [Harry] do at this point to bridge the gap [in the fued]." Mr Eden said: "There's a lot Harry could do but I really do think he is keeping his family at a distance until his book is published. "I really, really do." He added: "I think that he is going to be saying some things which will be unpleasant and will go down badly with Prince Charles and Prince William and he almost, sort of, can't face them." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's popularity faces 'further dent' after 'victimhood messaging' "I think that partly explains the awkward situation we had during the Jubilee and why they didn't want to spend time with eachother". No actual publication date has ever been confirmed, but it was previously expected to be released in 2022. This date, however, is looking to be pushed back. Speaking previously about the memoir, Harry said: “I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. READ MORE: Kate and William's Windsor move rushed after Harry's 'slap in the face' interview - claim "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learnt — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think". "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” Earlier this month, Meghan and Harry returned to the UK for their first official visit since they decided to step down as senior royals. Aside from ongoing tensions within the family, the Sussexes did visit the Queen over the Jubilee weekend, with their two children. The visit was the first time that the 96-year-old got to meet, in person, her namesake great-granddaughter, Lilibet, who celebrated her first birthday over the Jubilee weekend. It was also the first time, the Queen got to see Archie, the couple's three-year-old son, since he moved with his parents to the US. The couple didn't make many appearances at the Jubilee and reportedly flew home to the US before the celebrations had concluded. READ NEXT: