Romeo Beckham, 19, has shared his heartache on social media as “distance” became an obstacle between him and girlfriend Mia Regan, 19. The couple appeared besotted as they celebrated the Beckhams’ eldest son Brooklyn’s wedding back in April. However, distance has now separated Romeo and Mia, who have been forced to resort to video conferencing apps to stay in touch. Romeo shared a video yesterday on Instagram that showed his 3.5 million followers an insight into his relationship. The clip, posted originally by Mia on her profile, showed her shaking her head as she hummed the song September by Earth, Wind & Fire. Romeo could be seen on her laptop screen watching on as she recorded herself dancing. She captioned the Story: “Long distance,” along with a red heart. Romeo reposted the video, adding: “I miss youuuuuu”. Similarly, Romeo’s parents, David and Victoria, have recently spent some time apart. The former footballer and the singer-turned-designer took to Instagram earlier this month to share the separate activities they were getting up to while away from each other. David opened up about his beloved motorcycle adventures, while Victoria went out for dinner in Beverly Hills with Brooklyn and his new wife Nicola Peltz. The sportsman explained he "loves the feeling of freedom" and spending time with his friends in new surroundings. In a video shared to the social media site, David was interviewed while taking a break from his motorcycle excursion. When asked why he loves motorbikes, David replied: "Freedom. Clear your head, it's all you have to think about. DON'T MISS...Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT]Lewis' wife Lara covers scars with 'heavy make-up' after injury [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose stuns in series of very busty selfies as she returns to UK [UPDATE] "You're out in the open. Especially when you're in the US and you're riding through the canyons. "Different temperatures you have different smells. “Being with friends, you know, even when you break down, you don't care." He went on: "Our last ride, we broke down and we were literally in a trailer park for seven hours. “And the one guy that was there, had the part that we needed, or he could get the part in a few hours. "So we just sat with this guy, we didn't know him. We had lunch, we waited for the part to arrive, then we moved on." The post included the hashtags #GoExplore and #DavidBeckhamFragrances. It is not clear when the clip was filmed but the clip soon received over one million views.