But that, in effect, is what Boris Johnson asked Tory supporters to do yesterday after two heavy by-election defeats – one in the north and one in the south – inflicted by a pincer movement of Labour and the Liberal Democrats. “We will keep going, addressing the concerns of people until we get through this patch,” was the reaction of the Prime Minister after the Tory defeats in Tiverton & Honiton and in Wakefield. Given that some of his own flapping MPs tried and failed to unseat him less than three weeks ago, setting in place the worst possible backdrop for these by-elections as far as Tory prospects were concerned, a period of calm reflection and collective discipline does not seem like too much to ask for. Of the two defeats, the one down in Devon at the hands of the Lib Dems saw by far the biggest vote swing. Yet this is what the Liberals do to the Tories in mid-term by-elections, time and again. And on almost every occasion, the seat in question returns to the Conservative fold at the general election.  Up in West Yorkshire, where the Tory party machine was badly at fault for installing a flaky candidate, the extent of the defeat against Labour – their real rival for power – was much less clear-cut. Indeed, victorious Labour candidate Simon Lightwood actually got 8,000 fewer votes than his party received when losing the seat in 2019. There was no sense of Keir Starmer’s party surging or reconnecting with Red Wall voters. The Conservatives lost simply because a big section of their support went on strike. That they only need to claw back these voters from the abstention column, rather than from the arms of an alternative suitor whose sweet talk has won them over, should bring some comfort to the Tories. But if they are to do that they must first work out why so many Tory-leaning voters are currently sitting on their hands rather than turning out to support them. In some cases the direction of Conservative policy, particularly those policies set in train during Mr Johnson’s “liberal lurch” year of 2021, will be to blame. His hyping of a very expensive dash to Carbon net zero and other hobby horses of the metropolitan elite did not go down well. Since then, with new advisers in place, Johnson has corrected course and is now emphasising issues such as the need to get a grip on illegal immigration and be tough with Brussels over reforming the Northern Ireland Protocol. But this agenda will take time to make progress.  In many other cases it is the return of rampant inflation and the cost-of-living crisis that will have turned normally sympathetic voters off. When the price of a weekly shop is racing ahead of household incomes, no prime minister can expect to be popular. But in some cases, clearly more so in normally true-blue Devon than in Red Wall Yorkshire, it is undoubtedly correct to observe that a personal beef with Johnson is part of the story. A section of the Tory electorate is not yet ready to forgive him for the “partygate” furore. As someone who, as he yesterday reminded us, saw his party “elected with a historic mandate just over two years ago”, Mr Johnson is surely entitled to some time to try and turn things around. Some pollsters claim to be sure that a big chunk of Tory-leaning voters will never come back to the fold while he is PM. 