Apple cider is a supplement that has become a trend in recent years, and has been linked to weight loss success stories. But it has other added benefits, too. Apple cider vinegar is created by chopping up apples, soaking them with water and leaving them until the natural sugars ferment and form ethanol. Known as fermentation, the bacteria then convert this alcohol into acetic acid, which is where the apple cider vinegar gets its famous strong smell and sour taste from. Vic Coppin, a nutrition expert at MuscleFood, spoke about the true benefits of apple cider and how it might help weight loss. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake In the past, the supplement has been highlighted as a "go-to" weight loss aid, with the phrase “apple cider vinegar for weight loss” reaching almost 100,000 searches a month. It’s very clear that some are still looking to use it for this purpose. But Vic notes more studies need to be done to prove that it effectively helps people lose weight. "There isn’t yet a confirmed link between apple cider vinegar and weight loss due to the majority of studies only being run with a small number of participants," she said. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] According to a UK study published in the National Library of Medicine, it may be that vinegar can suppress appetite, therefore limiting the amount of calories a person consumes a day. About 100g of apple cider vinegar has about 22 calories, which means it makes for a low-calorie drink that can help boost weight loss, too. So, adding a tablespoon of it into a glassful of water and drinking first thing in the morning could help burn belly fat. Aside from weight loss, apple cider vinegar can also help to manage blood sugar levels. Vic said: "Eating starch-heavy meals can cause your blood sugar levels to heighten, but the consumption of apple cider vinegar can help to level this out due to the acetic acid in the supplement. "It works by blocking the enzymes that help our bodies digest starch, resulting in a smaller surge of blood sugar." She continued: "Apple cider vinegar can be a great addition to your diet. "Although it contains very little vitamins and minerals, the substance is high in amino acids and antioxidants. "These work to protect against any cell damage that free radicals cause - known as oxidative stress." She noted that this damage might be known as tissue trauma, or environmental pollution. It's also very diverse, and can be used in many other ways that just drinking it. "A great way to get it into your diet is by using it as a salad dressing, or some prefer to add it to their daily juices," Vic advised. "You can also consume it by drinking it on its own if preferred, but it needs to be diluted properly as it’s highly acidic and can cause damage to your stomach and teeth if ingested without. "It’s recommended that anywhere between a teaspoon to a tablespoon is mixed with around 250ml of water."