As a teenage paratrooper most of our officers who were majors or above had parachuted into North Africa and Europe. I knew Monty because he would stop and talk if you wore an Airborne Forces tie. I knew Louis Mountbatten because my boss was on several of his committees and he came to our cocktail parties and was very good with young people. I was lucky enough to know Lord Lovat who led the commandos on D-Day. My first trip to France was a night landing on Omaha Beach. Until COVID-19 struck from China, every summer I took American families visiting London on day trips to the places made legendary on D-Day and to the huge cemetery above the cliffs overlooking Omaha Beach. We were a very good Anglo-French team where everyone knew their job and could be relied upon without fail. Yet for over 50 years I have never believed that our destiny lay as the plunder province for the new Franco-German European Reich. I can hear gasps of disagreement but an old friend and his wife came to our home for supper; one of the three most senior officers in German Intelligence; and told us: "We need you Brits, Adrian, you make rule by France and Germany acceptable to the rest of Europe." That was shortly before the 2016 referendum. Today the Swiss are under the same kind of attack from Germany and its EU satraps. Within two years of our referendum Mutti's defence minister, Ursula von der Leyen, drew up plan Vorausshau 2040 which describes Germany as the economic Sun and further urges that its planets are brought into closer orbit - including Britain. I was a member of HM Diplomatic Service for almost 30 years and still regard the FO take over of the old Commonwealth Relations Office as a victory for the FO defeatists. That vote of confidence in Parliament on June 6 this year was another. Many of the 148 who voted against Boris are Remainers, the new Jacobites to quote David Frost. They are the modern squires who regard themselves a cut above the rest of the population. That's anyone who isn't a Remainer MP, because Labour and the Liberal Democrats enjoy their share of Walter Mittys as do the nationalist parties. Some will encourage the EU to attack UK exports to Europe. Many Jacobites plot to vote with Labour, so what's the point of voting Conservative in their constituencies? May I strongly urge fellow Brexit voters to boycott all imports from the EU. We have to change our trading habits and revive our global ocean trade routes rather than rely on thousands of trucks converging on a couple of choke points that make us vulnerable to the slightest hitch or hold up in all senses of those two words. Fourteen million people voted for the Conservative Party at the last General Election. Some of them had stopped voting for anyone but voted Conservative because Boris vowed he would get Brexit done. So far he's done half the job. People like my wife and I support what the Government is doing for Ukraine, though regard making the break from Europe as almost more important. We've only been able to help Ukraine this much and so fast (thanks to Ben Wallace, the FCDO mandarins would surrender to a Russian squeaking doormouse) because we are no longer in the EU. We support David Frost's approach over Northern Ireland - invoke Article 16 of the Northern Ireland Protocol as many times as necessary, that's why it's in the Protocol. Margaret Thatcher and I used to have a quick chat whenever we crossed paths in Downing Street. ( She liked young people. ) Dennis and I were Monday and Friday regulars at the Trafalgar Square photography shop - ( our wives loved family photos ) - Margaret Thatcher won the votes of more than 13 million people in two General Elections and nearly 14 million in a third. I had never voted for anyone until she became party leader. I liked Jim Callaghan, who was a wise owl and always gave me very good advice but I thought it was high time a woman had a go. We who had voted for her three times had nothing but contempt for those who thought their ambitions more important than ours. Two stabs in the back is twice too often. Two insults to the electorate. Those behind these plots are not fit to hold any public office. The Tory party is not going to change. Never again are we going to vote Conservative. We are not the only ones. Allow me to propose an alternative party. Ursula's strategic planners have a point. All political parties need a gravity field which holds them together. Without one a party soon breaks apart and the debris becomes lost in the vast political rubbish dump. We saw last week how the gravitational field of the Conservative Party remains crawling back to the ' safety ' of rule from imperial Berlin, biting their lips and accepting Martin Selmayr's punishment amputation of Northern Ireland. Abolishing the pound and swallowing the Euro, thereby the ending the United Kingdom as a separate country. Tory wets will succeed where Hitler failed - unless we the people stop them. All MPs, party workers, sponsors and supporters of both the Conservative and Labour Parties, if you believe that Brexit is the way ahead, ditch the party you support at the moment. Form a party that supports Brexit.    Do it today. Cross the floor of the House of Commons. Let the 148 Tory wets become the rump of the party. Let Jeremy Hunt lead his sneaky shower. Let Smarmer Starmer lead the hard left rump of Labour. You may find that nearly the same number of Labour MPs and Ulster Unionist MPs join the 210 MPs who voted for Boris. This is a national challenge. Bring some Labour people into the Cabinet. Invite David Frost to become your strategist and pursue whatever he suggests; he was the FCDO's strategist and knows what he's doing. There is a huge gap in the political market. Reform is owned by one person and attracts barely three percent of the vote. YouGov produced a poll that suggests there's a big opening for anyone bold enough to leap into the future. Replace the Tories and Labour with a new Brexit Party. A lot of people are searching for a party they can support in the long term. Right now there isn't one unless you're a Remainer, hard left or an English loathing nationalist. Parties that are against something offer nothing. Close down the EU Embassy in London with their branch offices that co-ordinate and finance Jacobite campaigns throughout Westminster and the British Isles. And bring in Swiss style direct democracy to replace an eighteenth century parliament that was evolved when most people couldn't write their names - why else would we still put a X in box to show who we're voting for..... Welcome to the new century even though you're about 50 years late. Adrian Hill is a veteran British diplomat now based in Switzerland 