The Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK with Prince Harry to mark the Queen’s 70 years on the throne last weekend. The pair kept a low profile during the four-day bank holiday celebrations but received a “frosty reception” at the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral. Fans have been quick to compare the treatment of Meghan to Kate, who was present at a number of events during the weekend and stood on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Trooping The Colour event alongside the Queen and other senior royals.  One user tweeted: “The disparity [between] how these pics [have] been reported [and] commented on this [weekend] on socials is disgusting. “Both doing [the] same thing, during [the] same celebrations but one praised [and] the other torn apart. “Can't think why they [Meghan and Harry] wanted out.” Alongside the tweet was a series of images comparing Meghan and Kate during their appearances at the events, with one showing Kate and Louis during the final pageant.  Meghan fans were quick to respond, with one referencing a picture of Meghan interacting with children and comparing it to a shot of Kate and Louis, saying: “Meghan is interacting with distant relatives by marriage and kids seem not only receptive but joyously engaged. “On the other hand, Kate is trying to engage her own who she, presumably, sees daily and he's not only not having it, but is disrespecting her openly in the process.” Another said: “One is being physical and can’t handle one kid who is also not only physical with her mother but sister too. “And one playfully with a smile asks the kids to be more quiet as the kids look back with smiles and [copy] Meghan.” READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'ran into a brick wall' at the Jubilee  Referencing the video of Louis raspberries at the Duchess of Cambridge, one user said: “Meghan seemed more friendly and [approachable] because the children were smiling. Kate seemed so annoyed and embarrassed in the video.” Prince Louis became an overnight viral sensation after his hilarious facial expressions during the celebrations last weekend. But this has led to a backlash as some trolls criticised the four-year-old's behaviour during the lengthy royal engagements. Gemma Arnold, a behaviour, wellbeing and mental health specialist, said: “Prince Louis was definitely comfortable enough to be himself and displayed all the self-confidence typical of a secure attachment and bond between him and his family. He was, however, bored at times just waiting and watching! This is totally normal and to be expected, as a four year old’s attention span is very short – only about 20 minutes!” It has been reported there was no private interaction between Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton, with Prince William said to be questioning his “trust” in Prince Harry.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry's Jubilee plans ruined as Sussexes failed get snap [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance [LIVE]Lilibet’s stunning first birthday cake created as tribute [PICTURES] The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were present at the thanksgiving service on Friday June 3 where they were met with a mixed reaction from crowds outside. The Queen met Lilibet for the first time as the couple held a picnic to mark their daughter’s first birthday, but Kate and Will were absent from this due to prior commitments. One person went on to tweet: “Could you imagine the reaction if Archie were acting the way Louis was? Media would've excoriated the Duchess, blaming her bad parenting for the fall of the British empire.” Another added: “The double standards seems to be the British way when it comes to H&M but the Queen invited her family there and that speaks volumes. H&M are still her family so why don't the haters stop trying to disgrace them...just terrible to say the least!” 