The Good Morning Britain host was visibly choked up as she heard the harrowing details from both men on Tuesday's instalment of the ITV show. She emotionally stated: "Someone has to face the consequences," as the two reflected on the death of a 12-year-old girl, Jessie, who rushed to the higher floors to escape the billowing smoke. Firefighter David explained how he had rushed to save young girl Jessie after her older sister pleaded with him to find her. "I can imagine that pain just doesn't go away, does it?" Susanna asked Jessie's uncle. "It doesn't," he replied. "And I just try to keep her memory alive by doing all the fundraising that I do. "Hence my walk that I finished yesterday, so yeah that's what I do to keep her memory alive and also the other 71 people that lost their lives that night." READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser David remembered the horrifying moment he had tried to save Jessie. "I went downstairs to get my breathing apparatus, but as I was making my way to the fire engine, I met who I didn't know at the time was Manny's niece, Jessica's older sister. "She told me that her little sister was up in the building on the 20th floor. "At this time, I hadn't been outside so I didn't know how much the fire has escalated. "Jessie's sister wanted to come with me, but I said, 'Stay there, I'll quickly go up and get your sister.'" "Presumably using the stairs?" Richard Madeley asked.  "I jumped in the lift because I still imagined that the fire was just on the fifth and sixth floors," he explained. "I heard on the radio there were reports it has spread maybe one floor. "I got in the lift, pressed the 20th floor to quickly get Jessie and bring her down and would carry on what I was doing, the lift doors opened on the 15th floor and a big rush of black smoke filled the lift." He added: "I was in quite a bit of trouble then, I didn't have breathing apparatus yet, I hadn't got to the fire engine so I managed to make my way out of the lobby area, got back into the stairwell and decided I needed to get my breathing apparatus because there was smoke everywhere, to try and get Manny's niece. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau's Dick scolds Angel 'Don't bring it up!' [LATEST]ITV viewers furious as Mark Wright takes Chunkz's Soccer Aid penalty [VIDEO]Soccer Aid fans distracted by Robbie Williams' appearance 'Different!' [REACTION] "I ran back down the stairs, went to the fire engine and as I got outside that's when I looked up at the tower and it was... one whole side of the building was alight and that was the first time I'd seen it, and it was like, 'Oh my God.'" David went on to recall running up the 20 flights of stairs trying to find Jessie before realising, devastatingly, that she had gone further up to escape the smoke. "Look, I can see how hard it is to hear," Susanna told Jessie's uncle as her voice trembled. "It's hard for me and all I did was report on it here in the studio. "I just can't imagine how hard it is for you to listen to. I know you're friends, you and David.  "And I know that at the time David, you didn't realise you were looking for your friend's niece, but to find out that someone was in the building trying to get Jessica back, to get her to safety and she'd done what she thought was the safe thing to do. "And unfortunately, at that moment she was getting further into danger... it's hideous. "I find it remarkable that you are both able to speak so well with such courage, that courage is remarkable and I admire you both for it, and we are so grateful that you're able to talk about that. "Because it is so important and it's also extraordinary that the inquiry that was set up in 2017 is taking so long. "And I can only hope, and I'm sure you do, that that is because they are being scrutinous and meticulous about the detail because somebody has to face consequences." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.