The poll by Techne UK exclusively for Express.co.uk found 54 percent say the Government has not acted swiftly enough to make the most of Brexit. Some 24 percent said it had and 22 percent did not know. Remainers were more likely to say the Government had been slow to take advantage of Britain's departure from the EU at 66 percent. But the figure was still high among Brexiteers, with 48 percent concerned about the pace. Some 46 percent said the Government had moved quickly enough. There was a bigger split between Labour and Conservative voters. Some 86 percent of Labour backers said the Government had not moved fast enough to capitalise on Brexit, compared to 23 percent for their Tory counterparts. The polling comes as the Prime Minister battles to save his premiership amid the fallout over partygate. Tory MP Andrew Bridgen, who has handed in his letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson's leadership, said the saga had distracted the Government from making the most of Brexit benefits. The Brexiteer said: "I think clearly the Government has been occupied with Covid for two years and as soon as Covid was over they're occupied with trying to keep the Prime Minister in his position because of partygate. READ MORE: Brexiteers give Boris 2,000 ideas to obliterate EU rules  "These are the important policies that the Government has not been concentrating on and other matters. "It's a natural result that because of the Government's fixation on trying to control the partygate scandal it's not got on with other priorities."  Our poll comes after the British public handed the Government 2,000 ideas on tearing up hated EU red tape and raking in the benefits of Brexit. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: Lord Hannan says UK should have REMAINED in single market [LIVE BLOG]Brexit plot for EU laws bonfire torn apart with warning UK goods [ANALYSIS]'Denial of responsibility' Boris cornered with 'Brexit dilemma' [INSIGHT] Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg last month published the top nine proposals which included abolishing the bloc's regulations around vacuum cleaners, vans and electric bikes. The Government is drawing up plans to remove swathes of EU laws with "sunset clauses" that would force ministers to keep them, change them or scrap them within five years. While the move will be welcome to Brexiteers, there will likely be frustration at the sluggish timetable.  It comes as the Prime Minister is bracing for a make or break week amid intense speculation that enough Conservative MPs have written to 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady to trigger a confidence vote. Mr Johnson was booed by members of the public on Friday as he attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral as part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. In a further blow to the embattled Prime Minister, Express.co.uk's weekly tracker poll shows the Tories dropping eight points to 32 percent, while Labour is on 40 percent and the Lib Dems on 12 percent. Techne UK polled 1,624 British adults from May 31 to June 1.