Amid suggestions Manchester United have lodged a bid to sign Darwin Nunez, Jorge Mendes could be key. The super-agent is the one charged with the task of finding a new club for the Benfica star. And his good relationship with the Red Devils over the years can be a trump card when it comes to landing the Uruguay international. Manchester United appear to be accelerating plans to sign Nunez, who scored 34 goals for Benfica across all competitions. It’s been reported the Red Devils are willing to pay £64million up front for the forward, with another £17m in bonuses. And they’re also apparently willing to include Andreas Pereira in the arrangement, too. Mendes has been given the mission of finding Nunez a new team, with the 22-year-old open to leaving Benfica for a new challenge elsewhere. And United’s positive relationship with the super-agent works well in their favour. He currently represents Cristiano Ronaldo and helped broker the Portugal international’s sensational move back to Old Trafford last summer. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Mendes formerly represented goalkeeper David De Gea, too, helping negotiate new contracts with the Spaniard in both 2015 and 2020. De Gea did, however, part ways after falling out with the 56-year-old two years ago. Mendes used his close relationship with United into getting Angel Di Maria there back in the summer transfer window of 2014, too. And he was also involved when Radamel Falcao joined from Monaco that same year though, like Di Maria, the Colombia international would go on to become a major disappointment. Mendes wasn’t best pleased when United sacked his client, Jose Mourinho, in December 2018. But the fact he was willing to negotiate Ronaldo’s return, as well as De Gea’s contracts, bodes well. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Nunez, if he joins, would be a major addition to United. Erik ten Hag knows all about the Uruguay international, having seen his goals eliminate his Ajax team from this year’s Champions League. And it’s feasible he’d play in tandem with Ronaldo in the Dutchman’s attack. Nunez could go on the left, having played there for Benfica at times this season. Ronaldo would then play down the middle, having transformed into a centre-forward since leaving Real Madrid in 2018. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And United may then decide to move Jadon Sancho across to the right, where the England international often started matches for Borussia Dortmund during his time in Germany. Meanwhile, back in April, Nunez was asked about his Benfica future. And he responded to comments made by Jurgen Klopp, too. Klopp had hailed Nunez after he flourished for Benfica against Liverpool in the Champions League, saying: Extremely good-looking boy and a decent player as well. Really good, really good, I have to say. "I knew him before, of course but he played pretty much in front of me with these tough battles with Ibou Konate. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Physically strong, quick, was calm with his finish when he finished the goal off. Good, really good. If he stays healthy, it’s a big career ahead of him." And Nunez responded by saying: "What the Liverpool coach [Jurgen Klopp] said, I take it as a compliment, but my mind is on Benfica. "I won't say anything, and I'll leave everything for this shirt. "My job is to continue like this, to take advantage of this luck that is happening to me. Last year I didn't play at all, but this year I'm having an incredible season. "I have to continue like this, and there is also a lot of merit from my colleagues."