Rafael Nadal’s uncle Toni has challenged Stefanos Tsitsipas to beat Novak Djokovic at this year’s Wimbledon after the Greek ace defeated Roberto Bautista Agut in the final of the Mallorca Championships on Saturday. Tsitsipas has been in fine form this year and claimed his first title on grass after winning the deciding set on a tiebreak. Tsitsipas is ranked at No 6 in the world but has only progressed past the first round of Wimbledon once in the past. Last year, the 23-year-old was dumped out of the tournament by American Frances Tiafoe on the opening day. But he has illustrated that he has what it takes to succeed on the surface over the last week after seeing off the likes of Ilya Ivashka, Marcos Giron and Benjamin Bonzi on his way to the Mallorca final. Tsitsipas would face Nadal in the Wimbledon semi-finals if both players make it that far and could then come up against reigning champion Djokovic in the final. Toni Nadal, who coaches world No 9 Felix Auger-Aliassime, thinks the Greek star has a good chance of claiming his first Grand Slam trophy at the All England Club. And he has urged the player to topple Djokovic if he gets the better of Rafael in the last four. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic risks tennis fury with fresh Covid vaccine stance after US Open concerns  “Congratulations Stefanos,” uncle Toni said after Tsitsipas’ triumph in Mallorca, according to Blic. “You play great on this surface and for me you are one of the favourites at Wimbledon. I hope you don't beat Rafa or Felix. Try to beat Djokovic.” Djokovic has been imperious at Wimbledon in the past and has won the last three editions of the tournament. In 2021, the Serbian dispatched Matteo Berrettini in the final, despite losing the first set on a tiebreak. In 2019, Djokovic got the better of Roger Federer in the showpiece event at SW19 as the duo played out the longest final in Wimbledon history. And in 2018, the veteran saw off Kevin Anderson. DON'T MISS:Serena Williams outlines fierce Wimbledon motivation as painful memory lingers onRafael Nadal's admission could spell bad news for Novak Djokovic and co at WimbledonRafael Nadal lifts lid on biggest Roger Federer regret ahead of Wimbledon   “This was an incredible fight and an incredible battle,” Tsitsipas said after his victory in Mallorca. “I know it can be difficult for one person to deal with the loss, but I think for tennis it is great that we are able to play at this high level and show our sport [at its limits].” “I’d like to congratulate Roberto on your run to the final. You are one of the toughest competitors out there and one of the toughest guys I have played.” 