Manchester United have reportedly asked Ajax to be kept informed of any developments regarding the future of Lisandro Martinez after Arsenal upped their offer for the highly-rated, versatile defender. The Red Devils are prepared to rival the Gunners for the ball-playing centre-back but they are yet to make their move for the 24-year-old, who looks set to leave Amsterdam this summer. Heading into the transfer window, Martinez was among Xavi's shortlist of defensive targets for Barcelona but the Catalan giants have been hampered by financial struggles off the field. That left the door open for Premier League clubs to pounce and Arsenal's opening bid of £25m was recently rejected by Ajax. Martinez was among Erik ten Hag's favourites during their time together at the Johan Cruyff Arena and the 52-year-old Dutch tactician is open to an immediate reunion at Old Trafford - should the money be right. Arsenal have since tabled a fresh offer worth £35m upfront and £5m in add-ons, while United are still yet to enter transfer negotiations with Ajax. READ MORE: Man Utd transfer blow after Frenkie de Jong private message to Ronald Koeman 'days ago' However, Goal are now reporting that United have asked their 2017 Europa League final opponents to keep them informed of any developments on the player from here on in. It would suggest they are indeed seriously interested in a deal, although they would like to build a picture on the price required to secure a deal. Initially, Ajax ruled that Martinez was not for sale but now there is strong interest in the centre-back and they could look to encourage a bidding war. They are no strangers to a high-profile sale either and have already lost Sebastien Haller (to Borussia Dortmund), Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui (both joining Bayern Munich) this summer. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIP Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraMan Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck' Martinez himself is believed to be keen on a Premier League switch, although the specific destination he prefers is not yet clear. United and Arsenal reportedly met with intermediaries working on behalf of Martinez in London last week. They were allegedly told £42m could be enough to entice Ajax into a sale. Express Sport reported on Saturday that Arsenal were set to up their offer for Martinez and two days later, their second bid was submitted to Ajax. The Eredivisie champions are yet to respond to the proposal as Arsenal patiently wait for an answer from their counterparts. United are yet to make a summer signing but they are now expecting to up the ante in their pursuit of new recruits now the first team squad is back at Carrington for pre-season. Talks were held over a deal for Martinez's centre-back partner Jurrien Timber but he looks set to remain with the Dutch giants, following the advice of Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal. There has also been interest in attacker Antony although United are yet to make a formal offer for the £60m-rated Brazilian forward. Villarreal's Pau Torres was another name considered earlier in the window but United are seemingly exploring other alternative targets.