Michaela Strachan has hosted BBC’s Springwatch and its sister-shows Autumnwatch and Winterwatch since 2012. She is back on screens for the latest series of the wildlife programme alongside co-hosts Chris Packham, Iolo Williams and Megan McCubbin. Chris has spoken previously about the abuse he receives because of some of the campaigns he champions but Michaela revealed she’s “hopeless” at handling the same negative attention. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Michaela began: “We are really lucky with our audience because I think Springwatch is the sort of programme that people only watch if they like wildlife and they tune in because they like the programme. “It’s not like so many other programmes that people tune into whether they like it or not and then they just seem to really enjoy abusing it. “I would say at least 90 percent of our social media is very positive which is good because I’m not very good at not being liked, I like to be liked! “Chris is good at taking abuse and with his campaigns he gets abuse.” Read more: Chris Packham's stepdaughter Megan McCubbin opens up on 'struggles' “But I would be absolutely hopeless if people chucked the abuse at me that they chuck at him," she continued. “I must say, I am very glad that social media wasn’t a thing when I started out presenting. Chris’ stepdaughter Megan returned to the show after stepping in for Gillian Burke in last year’s Winterwatch. She continued: “I think, you know, Megan is the newest member of our team and I think she is lucky again that she does a programme that people tend to like. “But I'm sure if there had been social media when I started television doing the Wide Awake Club 35 years ago, it would have mortified me to think what people were saying because it would have been one of those programmes where it would have been thrown at us with all the ridiculous things that we did. “It is a harsh world, the social media world, and I am very glad that we do a programme that most people seem to like.” Meanwhile, Michaela’s co-star Chris urged nature lovers to avoid installing plastic grass in their gardens when sharing advice on how to make outside spaces hospitable to wildlife. The naturist advised: “Don’t make it tidy because nature is not necessarily tidy in the way that we see tidiness. DON'T MISSWhere is Gillian Burke from Springwatch? Star's absence explained [INSIGHT]Megan McCubbin details simple tips to encourage wildlife in gardens [INTERVIEW]Chris Packham calls for public to stop using plastic lawns [INSIGHT] “We see tidiness as an order, generally by separating things and putting them into different units,” he continued. “But nature has a tidiness which is a different type of order in that it works and the complexity of it knits together to make something that is sustainable and harmonious. “So leave a dead tree if it is safe to do so, if it isn’t going to fall down then leave it there, allow your grass heads to rise and fruit and wither, just be a bit less tidy and be more tolerant of the fact that nature's apparent disorder is something which is remarkably beautiful when it is all working. “Some people like really manicured gardens and they take it to an extreme.” “One of the things that is making nature lovers really irate at the moment is the increasing use of plastic grass. “We mustn’t get onto plastic grass otherwise I’m going to start sweating and hitting the table,” Chris added. “But that is the extreme that people will go to when they want to manicure their environment and it should be the complete opposite. “I don’t have a lawn, I've got a wildflower bed which is not as rich as it should be but it Is all overgrown, I cut it once a year, there’s butterflies and bees and everything out there.” Springwatch continues on BBC Two from Monday to Thursday at 8pm.