Kremlin forces pose a “serious hazard” to Ukraine after reports claimed Putin's troops assembled six cruise missile carriers in the Black Sea. Ukraine 24, which has almost 2.3million subscribers on YouTube, revealed Putin's six carriers had mobilised in the region after the Ministry of Defence claimed Russia's air force had “underperformed” in the conflict. In an update on Twitter, Ukraine 24 said: “There is a serious hazard of rocket attacks on #Ukraine! “All six carriers of Russian cruise missiles lined up in the Black Sea and are most likely preparing for a massive launch of missiles on the territory of Ukraine.” The post added: “Oleksiy Arestovych, Adviser to Ukraine’s President, agrees not to ignore the air alarm signals in the next four days, especially in Pechersk district of Kyiv where the 'decision-making centres' are located.” Ukraine's south operational command responded by saying “permanent missile ships” in the area had recently been reduced due to military “actions” from Kyiv. JUST IN: Ukraine given green light by EU for bloc membership - ‘now is the time’ Ukrainian state-media outlet Ukrinform also claimed: “In addition to two Russian missile ships, three submarines and three large landing crafts are remaining in the Black Sea. “The enemy is ready to launch 28 cruise missile strikes from the sea.” In an intelligence update released yesterday, the UK's Ministry of Defence (MoD) revealed Putin's troops “remained focused on the central Donbas”. However, the MoD added: “In the conflict to date, Russia’s air force has underperformed. “Its failure to consistently deliver air power is likely one of the most important factors behind Russia’s very limited campaign success. “It cannot gain full air superiority and has operated in a risk-averse style, rarely penetrating deep behind Ukrainian lines. “Some of the underlying causes of its difficulties echo those of Russian Ground Forces. “For years, much of Russia’s air combat training has highly likely been heavily scripted and designed to impress senior officials, rather than to develop dynamic initiative amongst air crews. DON'T MISS: Putin is ‘stoking tensions’ in Transnistria - will war spread there? [REVEAL] Hell-bent Putin has Moldova 'in crosshairs' - new 'tactical advantage' [INSIGHT] Butcher of Bosnia Radovan Karadzic to serve jail term in British jail [SPOTLIGHT]