Manchester United risk producing a repeat of Memphis Depay's failed move to Old Trafford with Antony this summer. Erik ten Hag wants to reunite with the 22-year-old winger after enjoying a successful relationship at Ajax, but his arrival would undoubtedly carry risks. Memphis joined United as one of the Dutch Eredivisie's most exciting young talents in 2015, completing a £31million move from PSV Eindhoven. Louis van Gaal requested the transfer to help him further install his style of play in his second and final season. But the then-21-year-old struggled to adapt to English football, and it wasn't long before he went down as one of United's more disappointing flops of the Ed Woodward era. Memphis scored just five goals in 43 games throughout his only full campaign in England before jumping ship shortly after Jose Mourinho's 2016 arrival, joining Lyon for around £22m. United could be about to sign their first senior player from the Eredivisie since Memphis, reportedly sending officials to Amsterdam to close a £40m deal for Antony. Ten Hag is said to want the left-footed Brazilian to kick start his rebuild at Old Trafford, similar to Van Gaal's request. JUST IN: Man United outline Anthony Martial stance as Ten Hag faces re-think Ahead of his move to United, Memphis had registered 34 goals and 12 assists in 62 league games across the previous two seasons for PSV. In comparison, Antony has scored 17 goals and provided 12 assists in 55 league outings throughout his two campaigns at Ajax. With the Red Devils understood to have a net budget of between £120m and £150m, it presents a significant risk to splash potentially a third on an exciting young player who could easily disappoint. Edinson Cavani's exit, Mason Greenwood's absence, Cristiano Ronaldo's age and uncertainty over Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial's form make a forward capable of regularly starting crucial this summer. READ MORE: Newcastle 'plotting Fulham transfer raid' as four deals bubbling Even if Antony joins United and doesn't hit the ground running, it would leave Ten Hag worryingly short of quality attacking options throughout the hectic 2022-23 schedule that awaits. The Red Devils have wingers for the future in Amad Diallo, Facundo Pellistri, Anthony Elanga and Alejandro Garnacho - to name a handful. Antony must be that but also ready to make an immediate impact. A major difference from Memphis is Antony's tendency to play on the right and cut in on his left foot, a void United have struggled to fill for years. If the Brazilian can enter the club and make that position his own early on, with the help of his former manager, he has every chance of doing what Memphis couldn't. But it's undoubtedly a risk... and a risk Ten Hag seems willing to take. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here