Limescale build up in toilets can look unsightly, especially if left to fester. Over time, toilet limescale can turn dark brown and can even have an impact on the material of the toilet bowl. Fortunately, fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have taken to dedicated cleaning pages to share their top tips on how to “effectively” get rid of toilet limescale using cheap and natural methods that most will find in their kitchens. Posing on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked how she could get rid of ,what appeared to be brown limescale build up, from her toilet after numerous failed attempts. Catia Lagoa wrote: “I bet someone already asked this question a few times... But how can I get rid of this in the bottom of my toilet? “I already used bleach overnight and coke, didn't work, always looked dirty. I don't know if it's limescale or something?” Limescale is often thought of as white chalky stains around taps and showers, but it can look brown and dirty when found in the bowl of a toilet. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from taps using ‘easy’ 13p method Hard water is the main cause of these unsightly brown marks, leaving limescale to build up with every flush of water that runs through the toilet. As the deposits of minerals - such as iron, calcium and magnesium - build up, they can turn green, orange, brown and even black sometimes. While flushing and scrubbing might seem like the easiest way to get rid of it, hard water stains will not budge this way. Luckily Mrs Hinch fans were on hand to offer up their top tips for cleaning toilet bowl stains. DON'T MISS: Hydrangeas not blooming? How to ensure ‘vigorous growth’ [INSIGHT]Pests: ‘Effective solution’ to repel bugs from outdoor lights [EXPERT]Stop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [TIPS] According to cleaning enthusiasts, all that’s needed for the “very effective” trick is a lemon. Maura Cooper said: “These no need to use chemicals as lemons are very effective when it comes to cleaning the toilet. “Start by emptying the water then cut a lemon in half and squeeze it over the entire bowl. “Leave to sit overnight to let the acid do it’s work and the limescale will be gone by morning. Kirsty Cole agreed: “Yes I do this too, it’s amazing and costs next to nothing.” Daniel Freeman commented: “Had same issue so I tried using lemons and it worked better than bleach.” Owen Simmonds suggested: “Take the water out first because if you leave water in you are not really getting to it. “Then squeeze the juice of a lemon around the bowl and leave it a few hours then scrub it with a toilet brush. It works so well.” For those who don’t have lemons to hand lemon juice can also be used with just as good results. Charlotte Lyon wrote: “Take water out then put lemon juice in, it’s brilliant. It reaches the places your toilet brush can’t.” A pack of lemons can be picked up from Asda for 50p. This works out as less than 13p per lemon. As well as removing nasty toilet stains, the citric acid in lemons help to whiten up the bowl. It can also be used to remove limescale anywhere else in the home such as on taps, shower heads and in kettles.