Moving into a spotlessly clean home is something many of us wish for when buying or renting a new place, but it’s not always the case. Getting that first deep clean done is often tough to do, with little in the way of cleaning products to get it over with quickly. Express.co.uk spoke to the cleaning experts to find out the best hacks to help you blitz everything from dirty appliances to odorous carpets and mould, using nothing more than a few cupboard staples. According to the London-based removal and storage experts, Davis & Mac, it is not mandatory for property owners who are selling their home to clean it before moving out. While there is no single rule that says it should be done, Davis & Mac recommended that people should still spend the time cleaning before the big move, mainly as an “act of goodwill” to the new homeowners. They said: “No one wants to arrive at their new home excited for a new chapter to find a property that is filled with dust, dirt and grime. Making an effort to create a welcoming atmosphere for your property’s new occupier will most definitely be appreciated.” If you are unlucky enough to be faced with a filthy home or rental property upon moving in, there are plenty of quick hacks that can help you tackle even the toughest stains and smells in no time at all. READ MORE: ‘Will flower through summer’: Monty Don shares how to plant dahlias Moving into a property with integrated appliances takes the stress out of shopping for essentials like a washing machine and oven, but it can be off-putting if they’re left covered in grease, dirt and grime from the previous homeowner. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Laura Harnett, founder of Seep, shared her quick fixes to leave old appliances looking brand new, and all you need is lemon juice, baking soda and white vinegar. She said: “They’re things we already have in the cupboard so there’s no need to go out and buy more products, and they’re also all natural, so far better for the environment and for our own health unlike harsh chemicals you find in things like oven cleaners.” Laura’s top tips include: Just fill a microwaveable bowl or jug with water about halfway, then cut a lemon in half and put it in the water, squeezing some of the juice out of the fruit Microwave on high for about three minutes, take the bowl out of the microwave and do a quick wipe around the inside of the appliance with a clean cloth. Laura said: “Lemon juice and salt is a fantastic antibacterial cleaner that is great for cutting through grease.” Use the flesh of a fresh lemon and coarse salt to exfoliate ovens, and dishwasher racks. Sodium bicarbonate and lemon juice can be used to cut through dirt and detergent stains in washing machine drawers too, just be sure to rinse the residue away with warm water. This acidic condiment is particularly effective in hard water areas which are more susceptible to limescale around the home. Use this simple ingredient to banish the white residue from your kitchen, bathroom and even the washing machine. Laura said: “ One of my favourite hacks for cleaning a dirty washing machine is adding white vinegar with sodium bicarbonate on a quick wash at 40 degrees. "The reaction helps remove limescale and gets into all the hard to reach places in the drum and dislodges any dirt.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove rust from radiators - ‘easiest’ tip [INSIGHT]Garden fit for a Queen: Grow Her Majesty's favourite plant [REVEAL]‘Most cost-effective’ method to get rid of invasive plants in gardens [ANALYSIS] A paste of baking soda and water is ideal if you’re trying to soften burn marks. Laura recommended leaving it overnight to work its magic, or as a scrub to remove stuck-on dirt. You can do this by sprinkling a layer of baking soda over the inside of your oven and rubbing it with half a lemon -the acid in the lemon will help cut through grease, whilst the baking soda will help to break down hard to shift grime. To deal with stubborn grease on a stovetop, turn the appliance up to a high heat to help melt and soften solidified grease, then spray with white vinegar and wipe away with a damp cloth. According to Laura, copper scourers are naturally antibacterial and are perfect for scrubbing kitchen appliances. Tumble dryers can become less efficient if they haven’t been emptied in a long time, and could even pose a fire risk. For a really deep clean, Laura recommended using the small nozzle attachment on your vacuum to blitz the filter and the area around it to make sure you get all the dust and lint up. Finish with a small spray of white vinegar over the filter to kill any bacteria that may have grown there. Floors, walls and surfaces can harbour unpleasant odours, dust and dirty residue, but they can all be easily cleaned using just a few natural ingredients. To banish dirt and dust from any room of your new home, Queen of Clean Lynsey Crombie recommended: Lynsey explained that “chemicals will just mask the problem, they won’t eliminate it”, so it is best to use natural alternatives instead. White vinegar will polish the surface while tackling limescale and removing soap scum. Simply spray the acidic liquid undiluted over the bath, leave for 20 minutes, then wipe it down using a clean cloth and water. Hidden dust can quickly fill the room when furniture is removed, leaving skirting boards and corners looking unsightly. To get rid of every speck of dust in the room, Lynsey recommended using a damp microfiber cloth to glide over problem areas. The dampness will help the cloth to pick up dust, grease and dirt with ease, instead of simply dispersing the irritating particles. The smell of smoke and pets are known to linger on household fabrics, and carpets are often one of the worst affected areas. Luckily, there is one easy way to refresh odorous carpet fibres using just one simple ingredient, according to Andrew Bramley, commercial cleaning professional at Pure Freedom. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Start by mixing equal parts of white vinegar with equal parts of water into a repurposed spray bottle. “Spray all over the surface of the carpet and let it sit for 30 minutes. “Then use a damp cloth to dab the vinegar out of the carpet neutralising any bad smells.” To banish musty mould spores from your home, Andrew recommended using the winning combination of white vinegar and baking soda. Sprinkle baking soda directly onto the surface, or pat it on using a dampened cloth for walls and ceilings. Once the affected area is completely covered, leave the powder to sit for at least one hour. Scrub the mould with a hard bristle brush and wipe off the remaining residue. Finish by wiping the area with a cloth soaked in undiluted white vinegar, to remove and prevent any remaining mould spores from reappearing.