Trooping the Colour will bring the best of British patriotism to London today (June 2) and several members of the Royal Family are taking part in the event. Prince William is on horseback alongside his father Prince Charles and his aunt Princess Anne in honour of the Queen's official birthday and her incredible 70 years on the throne. Prince William is wearing the uniform of Colonel, Irish Guards, Guard of Honour Order, at Trooping the Colour 2022. He is also wearing two medals given to him by the Queen, the Golden Jubilee Medal and the Diamond Jubilee Medal. This year William is also wearing the new Platinum Jubilee medal. Members of the Royal Family receive a medal to mark a jubilee, and William's father Prince Charles also owns a Silver Jubilee Medal and a Coronation Medal.  READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' The Duke of Cambridge is also wearing his RAF Wings, The Most Noble Order of the Garter, and The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle. The Most Noble Order of the Garter is the most prestigious order of chivalry in Britain and it was established in 1348 by Edward III of England. Prince William was made a Royal Knight Companion of the Most Noble Order of the Garter in 2008. He was also the 1,000th Knight of the Garter to be appointed. Trooping the Colour will be especially poignant for William today as he is is Colonel of the Irish Guards, and this year the regiment's colour will be trooped.  William was pictured leading the full dress rehearsal at Horse Guard's Parade on Saturday in preparation for the military spectacular. The future King was appointed Colonel of the Irish Guards in 2011, becoming the first Royal Colonel of the regiment that is affectionately known throughout the Army as 'The Micks'. Like his father Prince Charles, William had a military career before committing to full-time royal duties in support of the Queen. After graduating from St Andrews, William joined the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst as an Officer Cadet.  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton battled with key royal responsibility in early days [ANALYSIS]Kate and William to miss Lilibet's first birthday [INSIGHT]Prince William embraces Mike Tindall - 'provider of support & banter' [PICTURES] After 44 weeks of training, William was commissioned as an Army Officer in 2006, going on to join the Household Cavalry (Blues and Royals) as a Second Lieutenant. Within a year, William was promoted to Lieutenant, and he began training as a Search and Rescue pilot in 2009. After qualifying, William joined C Flight, 22 Squadron at RAF Valley in Anglesey in 2010. He served for three years in the role and would qualify as an operational Captain, serving on 156 search and rescue operations during this period. 