Bear Grylls has hinting at a collaboration with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle as he films the latest series of his programme, Running Wild. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the explorer didn't hold back as he gushed over the royal family and his close pal Prince William for their conservation efforts. Bear said: "So I think all the royal family are incredible like that and super dialled in to the conservation stuff. "Prince William and myself are very closely involved with a conservation society. "And I know that something that is really close to Prince George's heart as well, he loves all of that," he added. Discussing the young prince, Bear went on: "So they are incredible at what they do for so much for conservation around the world. READ MORE: Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot "He already is a wildlife campaigner which is amazing to see. "I also think he's living proof that adventure is a state of mind. "It's about having life in your eye, having a big heart for other people and for our planet. "And then a determination to actually do something about it," he explained. It comes as the explorer is filming the latest season of his Running Wild series. But Bear wasn't giving anything away when asked if he'd like to feature the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on the next series of his adventure programme. Bear replied: "Well, you know, we're not announcing anything yet. "We have probably our most amazing guests we've ever had on Running Wild coming up this year. DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson, 54, says she's in her 'sexual prime' [UPDATE]Louise Redknapp, 47, sports sun-kissed glow while wearing black bikini [INSIGHT]Jane Seymour, 71, displays incredible figure in hot pink dress [ANALYSIS] "We've got probably our biggest announcements for Running Wild. So yeah, nothing official to say yet," he added. He went on to address the prospect of environment campaigners Harry and Meghan appearing on the show, which has previously seen the likes of former US president Barack Obama take on the elements. Bear said: "That would be a great one and talk about stuff that, you know, the environment is so key. "It's very key for all of us. You know, not just young people, so that message is always front and centre for us and Running Wild anyway, because we live in these extremes." The popular programme has featured some famous names including the likes of Hollywood actress Julia Roberts, tennis champion Roger Federer and model Cara Delevingne. Speaking about the celebrities on the show, Bear said: "We always get these great guests, we try not to jinx it beforehand by announcing them. "But I think the reason we get these sorts of guests is that they don't need the fame or the money. "You know, they're not there for that, they're there for what the wild can give them," he explained. Gone Wild Festival is on from 25 - 28 August. Tickets are available to buy here.