Based on their personality traits, needs and appearance, the study unveiled the best houseplants to freshen up a home for each zodiac sign. Which one is the perfect option for you? An air plant is a great fit for the mystical healer Aquarius as they grow beside other plants or in suitable gaps, not in soil, breathing new life into everything they touch. Mist them regularly to keep them hydrated, or immerse them in water for an hour if in need of rejuvenation. The jade plant is best suited for the conflicted nature of the Pisces sign. The houseplant can fade if not given enough water but quickly bounce back when its needs are met. With proper care, these plants can grow to up to six feet tall. READ MORE: How to stop grass turning yellow - 4 tips Aries generally like the look of a big plant in a room which is why the calathea (or prayer plant) is a perfect fit. They have nice multi-coloured foliage but can wilt from a lack of attention. The ponytail palm only needs sunlight half the time to thrive. Their low maintenance watering needs of once every few weeks also align well with Tauruses’ trademark patience and perseverance.  Gemini's best houseplant match is the bromeliad. This long-lasting plant doesn't like too much attention, like the star sign, so water sparingly. Those under the Cancer sign are attractive and intuitive. An asparagus fern is similar in that it can thrive in the right environment but also possesses a need for healthy attention. This fire sign is known to enjoy the sun while holding a natural air of regality, much like the yucca plant and its expansive plumage. The vivid plant is great to bring a taste of nature indoors. READ MORE: ‘Incredibly easy’ vegetables to grow on a balcony or patio Virgos are practical and perfectionists which is why they match begonias perfectly. Its beautiful blooms come in a variety of colours and patterns that need minimum upkeep when situated well indoors. This allows detail-orientated Virgos time to focus on other areas of their lives. The best houseplants for Libras are peace lilies. The plant is great for detoxifying the home, beautiful to look at and considered one of the easiest plants to care for. This combination makes it suitable for any space or situation, just like Libras. Scorpios embody independence and persistence and the cast-iron plant shares similar traits. Considered one of the hardiest plants to grow indoors, it’s comfortable at extremes that others wouldn’t survive, just like members of this water sign. Spontaneous Sagittarius always have a thirst for adventure. In African violets, a Sagittarius would find a good match with one of the most popular houseplants across the world. The plant will produce an elegant display of purple petals. Capricorns are known for being practical, ambitious and self-reliant. The Guiana chestnut is a perfect match with a low-maintenance personality. The Feng Shui belief is that this plant brings luck to its owner and will also help with this sign’s lofty aspirations.