Prince William and Kate's seven-year-old daughter was pictured leaning across the carriage during Trooping the Colour on Thursday to rifle through the Duchess of Cornwall's bag. The hilarious moment by Charlotte, who is known for her sassiness, sent royal fans into a frenzy on Twitter. One with the handle @KaylaAdams___ tweeted a crying with laugher emoji and wrote: "Princess Charlotte snooping in Camilla’s bag yesterday is everything." Her post prompted thousands of likes and a string of comments from other Twitter users. One with the handle @camilla17071947 wrote: "Looking for some sweets." Another, Heather Coleman, replied: "My Grandmother's handbag always held something I needed when I was younger - money, sweets, gum, pen and paper, etc. Fun to see that some things are the same for all of us!" One, @dagmar_Marie77, commented: "Awww this might be one of my favourite photos now!" William and Kate fan account @loveforcambridg shared a series of heart and crying with laughter emojis, adding: "So cute." Another Twitter user, @biggabreakfast1, said: "That is a lovely image." One with the handle @martinemcph gushed: "Sweeties! I think Camilla would be a fun step-grandma." READ MORE: Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'big test' with royals TONIGHT  One more, @MrsMarvelous3, added: "I think Camilla is a wonderful granny to the children." Charlotte travelled in a carriage with her mother the Duchess of Cambridge and step-grandmother the Duchess of Cornwall during the Trooping the Colour. Her brothers Prince George, eight, and Prince Louis, four, also rode in the carriage. Huge crowds of well-wishers gathered to catch a glimpse of the royals on The Mall near Buckingham Palace. DON'T MISSKate and William step out at Jubilee visit with George and Charlotte [PICTURES]Royal POLL: Were the crowd right to boo Harry and Meghan? VOTE [POLL]Kate steps into mother role during sweet balcony moment [INSIGHT] Charlotte looked sweet in a summery cornflower blue dress with bow shoulder detail. At one point, the confident youngster could be seen pushing Louis's arm down when he was mid-wave. During the Trooping ceremony, the children peered out of the window of the Duke of Wellington's former office. They later made an appearance on Buckingham Palace's balcony along with other members of the Royal Family for the flypast. Little Louis, next to the Queen, stole the show on balcony by covering his ears, shutting his eyes and pulling funny faces. It comes as George and Charlotte have stepped out with their parents during a visit to Cardiff Castle in Wales today on the third day of the bank holiday weekend. 