  Naga Munchetty was left dumbfounded on BBC Radio 5 Live today after learning that Anton Du Beke has “never cooked in his life”. The Strictly Come Dancing judge made the candid confession on ITV’s Cooking with the Stars yesterday evening.   Naga, 47, spoke about Anton, 55, as she opened up a discussion with her listeners on BBC Radio 5 Live today. She said: “The thing that has tickled me today: confessions about the everyday tasks that people have never done. “It sparked off a conversation in the morning meeting today when Anton Du Beke had said, ‘I don’t cook at all. I’ve never cooked anything in my entire life.’ Naga continued: “On the first day of production for ITV’s Cooking With The Stars, he said, ‘It was the first time I’d been in a kitchen and cooked something with a pan on a stove.’     “Can you believe it?!” Naga added incredulously. The radio host then went on to invite her listeners to send in their own confessions of “things they’ve never done”. Strictly judge Anton made his debut on Cooking With The Stars yesterday, learning from scratch under mentor chef Rosemary Shrager. Vowing that he would “never cook again” after the competition had concluded, he admitted: “I don’t cook at all. I’ve never cooked anything in my entire life.    “That is difficult for the judges to comprehend and understand. When I said to producers, ‘I don’t cook’, they said, ‘That’s fine but what’s your signature dish?’ “I said, ‘I don’t cook, so I don’t have one’. The first time I cooked anything was the first morning of training with Rosemary. “It was the first time I’d been in a kitchen and cooked something with a pan on a stove.” Anton added: “My wife does all the cooking, but it’s something I felt I’d like to do.      “During lockdown, I had thoughts about wanting to learn to cook, but I didn’t, as I had no way of learning.” Anton’s lack of culinary experience is all the more bizarre given that he trained as a baker when he was younger. “They are both very different skills,” the star insisted when pressed on the matter. Anton has been married to his wife Hannah Summers, 46, since 2017.      The pair, who share five-year-old twins, George and Henrietta, like to keep their lives fairly private. Hannah is a successful businesswoman and Chief Marketing Officer at leading mobile network security company AdaptiveMobile. Anton and Hannah met back in 2010 when they were attending a dinner as members of the local golf club. Naga Munchetty presents BBC Radio 5 Live Monday to Wednesday from 11am.  