State pension payments are considered to be key for millions of people right across the UK, but they often hinge on National Insurance contributions. To get any of the new state pension, individuals need to have at least 10 qualifying years on their NI record. Similarly, for the full new state pension, people will typically require 35 qualifying years of contributions. Some Britons may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. However, not everyone will have the full number of National Insurance contributions required, and as a result, they could fall short when it comes to the state pension. There are several ways by which this could potentially be rectified, however, it may be a simple process for those who are grandparents. READ MORE: Britons urged to check as pensioner couple get £15,000 in back pay Many grandparents will delight in looking after younger children, and sometimes it may be necessary while parents are at work. But there could be an additional way to be rewarded through a National Insurance boost for this action. The process is known as the Specified Adult Childcare Credit, and it aims to help family members who offer free childcare for parents. The family member, for example, the grandparent, looking after the child can apply for National Insurance credits for the state pension. DON'T MISSPIP: Britons with long Covid or other conditions could get up to £156 [INSIGHT]‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands [EXCLUSIVE]Frustration as Windrush pensioner, 83, forced to live on £74 per week [VIDEO] It can be claimed by anyone under state pension age who voluntarily looks after a child under the age of 12. This could occur if a parent is working during the day and receives free childcare from the grandparent of the young person. The Specified Adult Childcare Credit involves parents sacrificing the National Insurance credits they would otherwise receive from Child Benefit. If a parent is at work, it is unlikely they will need these credits as they are building up their own National Insurance contributions. READ MORE: Six questions you need to ask for a dream retirement As such, through this system, the parent can sign over the credits to the grandparent or other family member who temporarily looks after the child. It is designed to be a simple win-win process which many families will make use of. Specified Adult Childcare credits can be awarded retrospectively. They can date back as far as April 6, 2011, it should be noted. Experts have previously stated this could secure £2,340 worth of state pension in a valuable boost. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Government website explains: “We cannot accept applications for a particular tax year until the following October at the earliest. “For example, for the tax year 2018 to 2019 applications must not be made until October 2019. “This is because we need to check the parent already has a qualifying year for National Insurance purposes, and that can take until the October.” To apply for these credits, individuals will need to complete an application form. It requires the following details: