Searches for nasal tanning sprays are up by 50 percent in the last month after several products have gone viral on the popular video platform. Users can be seen using the nasal tanning sprays before going on sunbeds to help aid the skin in achieving a bronzed look.  The fake tanning method involves the inhalation of Melanotan, which causes skin darkening. But Dr Arif Aslam, a consultant dermatologist at Spire Fylde Coast Hospital, said nasal tanning is “very risky” with the risk of skin cancer “increased” by using this method. He added: “Nasal tanning is very risky, and your overall health is at serious risk if you use a nasal tanner. “Your risk of skin cancer is increased and therefore, in the long term, there is a risk of your moles changing into unusual variants making it difficult to detect changes for melanoma.  “Nasal spray tan products are not licensed in the UK, which means they have not undergone rigorous safety testing. Apart from being linked to an increased risk of skin cancer, they are known to cause several other side effects including headaches, nausea, and kidney damage.” Sunbed users are often on the hunt for tan accelerators to help achieve a darker look, but in turn, this can lead to even more damage than just using a sunbed alone. The search for tan accelerators has gone up by 60 percent in the last month as people get ready to go on holiday and achieve the bronzed look before stepping on the plane. Dr Arif added: “Using a tan accelerator and a sunbed at the same time can speed up the rate at which your skin darkens. However, these will significantly increase your risk of skin cancer whilst using tanning beds. Other side effects of oral tan accelerators include headaches, itchy skin, and nausea.  READ MORE: BA staff vote for strike action “Using a sunbed is not good for your health as it increases your risk of skin cancer. They emit the same type of harmful radiation as sunlight and could be even more harmful depending on other factors such as how strong the rays from the bed are and how often you use them. “Tanning beds give out UV rays, and some might even be stronger than midday rays when they are at their strongest.” And with the search for sunbeds up by 100 percent in the last month, doctors are becoming concerned with the number of people seeking them out. Shockingly, the search term "how many sunbeds should I have before going on holiday" is up by 350 percent. DON'T MISS:Easyjet passengers have suitcase broken into by thieves after check in [PICTURES]Airport chaos: Hundreds of UK travellers TRAPPED [INSIGHT]Ryanair plane evacuated on runway as passengers complain of smell [COMMENT]  Dr Arif said: “It is not recommended to use sunbeds at any time, including before a holiday, as using a sunbed increases your risk of developing skin cancer. “Getting a ‘base tan’ using a sunbed before going on holiday does not provide any added protection from the sun, you are simply burning burnt skin. If you want tanned skin, a safer alternative is to use fake tan and use a strong SPF sun cream over it.” Dr Arif said the key ways to protect your skin this summer is by wearing a “high-factor sunscreen 30 or higher” and by avoiding the sun during peak times between 10am and 3pm. He also encouraged holiday goers to avoid exposing the skin for long periods of time, and to avoid sunbeds, revealing that “one tanning session increases your chances of cancer”. 