Pierre Gasly has admitted he may be forced to leave the Red Bull setup after the drinks manufacturer decided to award a new two-year contract to Sergio Perez. The deal appears to have ended any chance Gasly had of returning to the top team after struggling for them during a nine race stint in 2019. The Frenchman has been part of the Red Bull driver’s programme since 2014 and initially joined Formula One for the Red Bull junior team Toro Rosso in 2017. He was promoted to the senior setup as a replacement for Daniel Ricciardo in 2019 having impressed in his first two seasons in the sport, however he was quickly relegated back to the sister team after failing to adjust to life at the front. Gasly has been a standout in the midfield for the past two seasons since the team’s rebrand to Alpha Tauri. He has regularly threatened the front of the grid, particularly during qualifying, in a car that should have been firmly within the middle of the pack, with the pinnacle of his impressive highlights reel being a victory in the 2020 Italian Grand Prix. His performances led many to speculate that he would be given another shot in the Red Bull senior team however he has struggled this season and the new contract given to Perez seems to have extinguished any opportunity he may have had. Gasly now admits he will be forced to consider his choices and move away from the Red Bull set up. "Beyond 2023, I will consider all options as I don’t have anything beyond that," he said. “For now, we will see at the time. As I said, these are things that we need to discuss with Helmut Marko. “They want to keep me and they want to keep me in the programme but, as I said, we need to see how to make this work and it is just normal conversations that are ongoing.” Despite once again being snubbed for his dream drive, the Frenchman holds no grudges towards Red Bull for their contract decision, describing the decision to resign Perez as ‘logical’. "It is not like it is a surprise because I am a very objective person and based on what they expect from a second driver, Perez ticks all of the boxes,” Gasly explained. “He is having an amazing season and he is a good fit for the team with his financial backing and experience. “It was not a surprise for me but it has obviously had an impact on the career ambitions that I have.” The 26-year-old may find that his options are limited should he decide to move on from the Red Bull fold. Most teams already have two drivers signed up for next season with just seats at the traditional backmarkers yet to be officially filled. One opportunity that may incite him however is the opportunity to replace Ricciardo again, taking his seat at McLaren. The British outfit are said to have a clause to terminate the Australian’s contract should he continue to struggle in the car. The team are rumoured to be impressed by Gasly and he may be the first choice should they decide to move Ricciardo on. The Frenchman’s future is sure to be one of the major talking points as Formula One travels to Baku this weekend. The race is the eighth instalment of the 22 race season with the Championship currently led by Max Verstappen.