Members of the Royal Family have been invited to attend Trooping the Colour this year in honour of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. But the Queen's respect for one royal was particularly evident when she appeared on the Buckingham Palace balcony today (June 2) and the Duke of Kent was given the prestigious honour of joining her. The Queen did not travel to Horse Guards Parade for this year's Trooping the Colour, but she did appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch her troops return. While commentating on the BBC's coverage of Trooping the Colour today, Huw Edwards highlighted the key role the Duke of Kent played in the day's proceedings. He said: "Certainly since the late Duke of Edinburgh stopped attending public events some years before his death, the Duke of Kent is a very prominent participator in these great state events." It was also noted that the Queen and the Duke looked very deep in conversation as they took in their surroundings. READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome'  Prince Edward, 86, has dedicated his royal life to supporting the Queen, and the Queen is known to have depended on her cousin at state events in recent years. Smaller editions of Trooping the Colour took place at Windsor Castle in 2021 and 2020 due to the pandemic. But in 2021, the Queen was still joined at the event by her beloved cousin. Prince Edward is a working member of the Royal Family, and he represents the Queen both at home and abroad. As per the Royal Family's website: "The Duke of Kent is involved with over 140 different charities, organisations and professional bodies which cover a wide range of issues, from commemorating the war dead, to fostering the development of British technology and industry.  "His Royal Highness undertakes numerous engagements each year in support of these organisations, both in the UK and across the Commonwealth." The Duke has often appeared at Wimbledon's annual tennis tournament to hand out the trophies too. The Queen has known Prince Edward since her childhood, and he was born to Prince George, Duke of Kent and Princess Marina in 1935. Edward became the Duke of Kent at the age of six following the death of his father in a plane crash.  DON'T MISS:Huw Edwards 'fascinated' as Queen and Duke of Kent chat on balcony [INSIGHT]The Queen chooses stunning brooch for Trooping the Colour [PICTURES]Queen's presence in our lives for 70 years touches on the mystical [COMMENT] The Duke was present for the funeral of the Queen's father King George VI, and he was one of the first people to pay homage to the Queen at her 1953 coronation. Edward has younger siblings, Princess Alexandra and Prince Michael of Kent, and the Queen is known to get on very well with her two other cousins too. Princess Alexandra, 85, has been described by commentators as almost like a 'sister' to the Queen. The Princess is also a working member of the Royal Family, and she has supported the Queen with her royal duties throughout her reign. 