Backache is a common affliction, affecting roughly one in four adults. Up to 90 percent of people, however, are expected to suffer some degree of suffering at some stage of their life. Fortunately, a number of health measures can help ward off the complication. Gluten, sugary foods and fatty foods may have been identified as "common culprits" behind the condition. In 2018, The Lancet revealed back one was one of the leading causes of disability around the world. What's more, the World Health Organisation expects the prevalence of the condition to climb steadily in the coming years. There are a host of factors known to contribute to the development of back pain, but one of the most overlooked is diet. Gluten The findings of a 2020 study published in the journal of Medical Hypotheses, highlighted the detriments of gluten to our back. READ MORE: NHS doctors to stop issuing prescriptions for 35 minor medical conditions - what are they? The study departed from the understanding that gluten sensitivity is associated with chronic low-back pain and that a gluten-free diet has therapeutic effects on such patients. The study focussed specifically on low-back pain related to spondyloarthritis, which is interlinked with gut health. Spondyloarthritis is a group of diseases driven by inflammation in the spine and joints, in the back arms and legs. According to the findings, adherence to a gluten-free diet improved low back pain by 80 percent. In a similar fashion to gluten, sugar also fuels back pain triggering an inflammatory response. It can also lead to weight gain, however, which increases weight load and leads to pain in the joints of the back. Being overweight is in fact one of the common causes of back pain, particularly in the lower back. Michelle Zive, PhD, a researcher at the University of California, San Diego and co-author of NASM’s Certified Nutrition Coach course, said: “There is no doubt that the food and beverages we eat in our bodies affect our health and well-being. “This is also true of the relationship between what you eat and drink and inflammation and pain.” Sugar consumption prompts the body to release insulin glad stress hormones into the bloodstream. The health platform twin Cities Pain Clinic adds: “These chemicals, in turn, can trigger inflammation, which is one of the most common causes of chronic pain. “Inflammation occurs when the body sends white blood cells to an area of injury or infection.” Occasionally, fatty foods that cause inflammation of the gallbladder, a small pear-shaped organ that sits below the liver. The organ releases bile which helps the body break down and digest fats. When the gallbladder is faced with an excess of fat, however, it comes under attack causing it to become inflamed. This pain is usually concentrated in the upper abdomen, but it can someone radiate to the back. The health platform Capital Brain and Spine adds that any excess weight caused by a high-fat diet can put extra stress on the spine and joints. “This creates a permanent and rough arch in the back, which causes pain," explains the health body.