Putting aside the travel restrictions from the last few years, the average holiday-goer will venture away twice a year – equating to 126 trips over their adult lifetime. But one in three (32 percent) admit they find packing stressful, and half leave it until the very last minute. The research, commissioned by online personal styling service, Stitch Fix, also found over two-thirds (68 percent) have not been abroad since the start of the pandemic, with 48 percent planning to dust off their suitcases for a holiday abroad this summer. Rich Simmons, styling team lead, said: “It’s exciting that we’re able to pack our bags and jet off on holiday once again. “But it’s important to not get carried away with those pre-flight purchases – particularly as our research shows that 45 percent of holidaymakers purchase items for their summer holiday, but never wear them again. “As with packing smart, it’s crucial to shop smart. Eighty-one percent of the nation typically treat themselves to something new for a trip away, and given that this is our first restriction-free summer in two years, it’s not surprising that many of us will be looking for something new. “The key here is to invest in a few quality pieces that you absolutely love, so that you can rewear and restyle them over the course of your trip.” The study also found when packing for a summer holiday, travellers' top suitcase staples are t-shirts, shorts and sandals. But 53 percent regularly pack items that go unworn – notably jumpers, jeans, and heels. More than half (56 percent) find pre-planning outfits alleviates the pressure, while the same number make lists to avoid falling into the trap of overpacking. It also emerged four in ten find holiday shopping a challenge, and 31 percent would prefer a stylist to take the reins. Rich Simmons added: “Don’t ignore what’s in your wardrobe already. “Take the time to look through your clothes and you’re sure to find some summer staples that you’ve forgotten about. “At Stitch Fix, our expert stylists focus on selecting items that are tailored to your unique style, while ensuring that they work with your existing wardrobe – so we can help pair up those uncovered gems with new, quality items, leaving you with a versatile holiday wardrobe that you’ll love to wear time and time again.” To help people truly master their pre-holiday preparations, stress-free, Stitch Fix has enlisted the expertise of organisational expert, Sophie Liard (@thefoldinglady), to share her top tips: