Eastcott Veterinary Hospital in Wiltshire has said that sunglasses could be "absolutely appropriate in many different settings". Ida Gilbert, who heads up the Ophthalmology department at Eastcott, said “very active dogs” or those who suffer from certain conditions should consider donning the protective eyewear. She added: "Some dogs out there could benefit from being on them. It could even reduce the amount of medication they would require," One of Ms Gilbert's patients who has a new lease of life from dog sunglasses is Milusa Vojtiskova's miniature poodle, Celine. As Celine developed iris atrophy, Milusa said the 14-year-old pooch began to act oddly in bright sunlight with no visible explanation. Milusa told Express.co.uk that it “shook” her to see her beloved dog behaving strangely on previously uneventful walks. She recalled how Celine would leap behind vehicles with no explanation and her frustration at having “no idea at all what was going on”. She described how her long-time companion would freeze, or back up unexpectedly - but never in the evening. She added: “She came into the sun and she froze, and in the shade, she did not.” She recounted how, “from an active life, she went to zero, and that was very sad.” READ MORE: Oxford Street emergency: Londoners in rush hour panic As Celine started to do this more and more, Milusa then resolved to take her to the vets for a full examination. After being referred to an eye specialist, Milusa was told Celine could not filter brightness from her eyes, but was most taken aback by a different piece of news. Milusa said the discovery that Celine was nearly constantly in pain “shocked me the most”, and appealed to the vet: “What can we do about it?” To her surprise, the specialist responded: “Well, she can wear sunglasses.” DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Red-tape nightmare as Irish 'floury spud' shortage looms [LIVE] POLL: Will you 'spend to save' by replacing gas boiler with heat pump? [POLL] Sir Keir Starmer urges Brits to celebrate Queen's Platinum Jubilee [REPORT] Milusa described her disbelief, questioning whether the eye specialist was sure with no small about of humour. But Milusa went ahead and placed an order from the US, and just like that, “Celine got her goggles”. But Milusa had to train Celine to get used to her new specs, although she insisted her pet was “special”. The process of easing Celine into her goggles took around three weeks, she explained, although “of course, she tried to take it off”. Milusa initially just placed the frames, without the lenses, on Celine’s nose, before working their way up to a band around the miniature poodle’s head and ears. The final step of acclimatising Celine to the new equipment was to place the lenses into the frames. Now, “if she wears the sunglasses, she can go out”, Milusa explained with audible happiness. “She can do what she used to do.” She added: “She can do everything again - morning, afternoon, sunny day, cloudy day, any day.” Celine’s goggles have given Milusa’s pet back “a normal quality of life”, which “brings a smile to my face again”, she said. And many other pet owners “absolutely” should consider canine specs if their pets are suffering in brightness. She said: “It’s really great, so simple a solution.”