Exporting isn’t easy, however. Now that the UK has left the European Union and become a free-trading nation once again, the opportunities are greater than ever. At the same time, taking full advantage of those opportunities can pose huge challenges as firms come up against complex rules and restrictions. The Government is stepping in to remove these hurdles and help British businesses realise their full potential. This is exactly what the UK needs. If we are to be truly global players then we need to free ourselves from red tape and get on with doing business quickly and easily, with as little bureaucracy as possible. We will find there are plenty of willing partners overseas, as shown by the trade restrictions that have been eliminated or reduced so that British businesses can sell beauty products to China, pet supplements to India and poultry to Mongolia. This is just the start. If the Government succeeds in its ambitious goal of igniting a “bonfire of barriers” then it will provide new opportunities to employers across the nation and help shape our economy for decades to come. -------------------------------- In Today’s world, it’s not enough to do the right thing. You also have to be seen to get it right. There’s no suggestion that Prince Charles did anything wrong when he accepted cash donations on behalf of his charitable fund, which does amazing work across the UK, the Commonwealth and elsewhere. But as he clearly accepts, what may have been acceptable at the time doesn’t look good now. There’s an expectation today that money will move through the banking system, with every transaction recorded for posterity. The Prince of Wales has very sensibly made it clear that he and his charities now do things differently. His charitable fund is quietly supporting projects which transform lives, including many local schemes which are hugely important to the people they help. This is vital work that deserves all our support. -------------------------------- Enjoying the great outdoors, taking regular exercise and valuing your family are the keys to happiness, according to a survey of older people. But avoid taking offence or arguing about politics if you possibly can. It all sounds like good advice – and not just for those in their golden years. People of all ages could benefit from heeding such pearls of wis.