Rumours have been swirling for years regarding the health of Russian President Vladimir Putin. After Russia invaded Ukraine in February, the mental and physical state of the despot has come under the spotlight, with experts trying to work out what is motivating his violent assault of Ukraine. One man who used to work with Putin believes his health has deteriorated, and adds that this could even lead to a coup in the Kremlin. Putin's former speechwriter Abbas Gallyamov told Times Radio: "He definitely looks bad, and all the Russian elites including the Kremlin...they notice that. "Of course they don't believe the official reports saying he is healthy. "This is one of the factors which weakens Putin's position. People are afraid of him, but when the person is sick, you are no longer afraid of him. "This is one of the factors which brings the coup attempt closer. But the main thing which is necessary for it to happen is a public revolt. "There should be growing public activity. Russian elites will not start first, but they might follow a popular revolt." It is unclear exactly what Putin's health condition is, but independent media outlet Proekt reported in April that Putin travels with an oncologist. READ MORE: Putin warned UK will crush Moscow in revenge for nuclear strike The outlet claimed that Putin has become increasingly concerned with his own health in recent years. Proekt alleged that Putin makes regular trips to the resort city of Sochi in the company of doctors from Moscow’s Central Clinical Hospital. They even claimed the Russian leader attempted to boost his health by bathing in deer antlers. Reports have previously claimed that among Putin's medical entourage is an oncologist surgeon. Also, a former FSB (Russian security services) official recently claimed Putin “has no more than two to three years to stay alive”, adding the Russian president has “a severe form of rapidly progressing cancer”. An FSB spy told the Sunday Mirror: “We are told he is suffering from headaches and when he appears on TV he needs pieces of paper with everything written in huge letters to read what he’s going to say. “They are so big each page can only hold a couple of sentences. His eyesight is seriously worsening.” He added that Putin’s limbs are “now also shaking uncontrollably”. While Putin's aggression against Ukraine has been condemned outside of Russia, the story is being portrayed very differently by Moscow. Kremlin-backed media has tried to spin the invasion as an act of self-defence, and protests against the war have been snuffed out brutally by Russian police. But Mr Gallyamov also explains that while many are too scared to come out and protest, there are signs that Russians are opposing the war in Ukraine. He continued: "People are too frightened to come out on the streets but people are trying to find new forms of protest. "Recently something new appeared, something we didn't see for 100 years probably. They are setting ablaze the military conscript offices in Russian regions. "Within the last month we have had maybe eight or nine cases, and this is speeding up. "This indicates that the Kremlin has not managed to suppress people and it has not managed to suppress the revolt." He was referring to reports that Russian protestors targeted Russian military conscription centres with Molotov cocktails. According to the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) these attacks were "likely in protest of covert mobilisation," citing Russian media and local Telegram channels. Recently, Russia scrapped the upper age limit for Russians and foreigners to join the military. Previously, the army had age limits of 18 to 40 for Russian citizens and 18 to 30 for foreigners wishing to enlist.