The streets around Trafalgar Square and Embankment were packed with people gathering on the approach to Green Park and Buckingham Palace for those eager to catch a glimpse of the monarch. Union Jack flags in every shape and size, hats in patriotic red, white and blue and matching clothes, as thousands smiled and joked in the joyous, fun atmosphere. Crowded streets were filled with families with children, students, and pensioners, while some even brought their own chairs with them as they waited to enjoy Trooping the Colour. Many people tried to enter the Green Park but without success, because of the crowds gathered. And so they made themselves comfortable in other smaller parks such as the Whitehall Gardens and the Victoria Embankment Gardens, and waited for the RAF flypast. People sat in parks and streets soaking up the the sun as they munched on crisps, fruits, and snacks such as scones, sausage rolls, and more, and enjoyed prosecco, wine, soft drinks and beers. On this warm first day of the four-day bank holiday, the atmosphere triggered strong feelings of warmth to the monarch as the nation celebrates. Taha, 29, a technology consultant from London who attended with his friends, believes the Queen’s reign means a lot to matters of identity. He told Express.co.uk: “I think the Royal family is great and they serve a purpose. It’s fun for days like this but also they are part of the British story. “When you think about your identity as a British person, having the royal family gives you that kind of rock to hold on to, a little relic of the past. “They do all the stuff with the Commonwealth which is relevant. I think it’s generally a good thing.” Shamima, 25, who is a student nurse and works for the NHS, also praised the Queen and expressed her enthusiasm for the sunny bank holiday and the monarchy, but didn’t share Taha’s appreciation for the royal family. She told Express.co.uk: “The Queen is ‘sick’, she’s cool - the others not so much. “Thank you, Queen Lizzie, for giving us a four-day holiday, and it’s super sunny, so thanks for telling on the sunshine as well.” Evelyn, 32, who works as a researcher, noted that the monarchy is an emblem of Britain to the world. She told Express.co.uk: "The Platinum Jubilee is only going to happen once in a lifetime, so we thought we would come down, see what was going on and it’s a nice atmosphere as well to be fair. “I like the Royal family, but a lot of people my age don’t like them and I’m not sure why. “They generate a lot of tourism. I think they generate more than they cost to keep. It’s nice to have them”. But the monarchy seems to excite not only Brits, but also people from other parts of the world. Helen, 23, a student from Germany, came to London to attend the Jubilee celebrations and also meet with her British friends. She told Express.co.uk: “I think it’s a huge event so we have to see it. I think the monarchy is really important and nice. In Germany we don’t have that. “I think it’s amazing to have one leader and be with them, see them and live with them. It’s great to have such huge supportive base. A monarchy is better than a republic. Maybe I’ll move in the UK but not yet.”