Liverpool agonisingly missed out on the Premier League title to Manchester City again last season, despite another lofty 92-point tally. And while Pep Guardiola has added one of Europe's best forwards to his ranks in Erling Haaland, Jurgen Klopp looks set to lose one of them, Sadio Mane. This summer, the 30-year-old wants to leave Liverpool one year before his contract expires. But with the Reds' biggest domestic rivals strengthening in the same area, Klopp will undoubtedly be keen to respond with a statement signing of his own. Express Sport identifies four potential strikers Liverpool could lure to Anfield this summer as a warning to Man City's Premier League reign. Darwin Nunez was a standout player over both legs as Liverpool edged past Benfica en route to the Champions League final. The 22-year-old Uruguayan netted 34 goals in all competitions last season and is understood to be one of Erik ten Hag's primary summer targets. But the lure of playing in Europe's elite competition while challenging on all fronts could sway his head, dealing both Manchester United and Man City a blow. A bid in the region of £60m should be enough to secure his services if he doesn't already have one foot inside Old Trafford. JUST IN: Newcastle are 'most interested' in Benfica star who got exiled Christopher Nkunku enjoyed an even more impressive 2021-22 campaign, and it's no surprise RB Leipzig are unwilling to sell this summer. The Frenchman, who can play centrally and on the wing, registered 35 goals and 20 assists in 51 games, including nine direct involvements in six Champions League outings. Still only 24, he is undoubtedly one of the most coveted talents in Europe and would suit Liverpool's style to perfection. Whether the Reds or any suitor will be able to cough up a significant enough fee to tempt Leipzig to part ways with their most prized asset remains to be seen. READ MORE: Manchester United 'set price' for Diogo Dalot transfer exit Like Nunez, Lautaro Martinez caught the eye during Liverpool's run to the Champions League final. The Argentine produced a sensational strike at Anfield and has been linked with a big-money move away from Inter Milan in recent years, most notably to Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur. Martinez scored 25 goals in all competitions last term and would be a statement addition, but he has publicly stated his desire to remain at San Siro beyond the summer. Klopp's pull factor could have to come into play if the 24-year-old is to make the switch. A rogue entry to complete the list... Robert Lewandowski is one of the greatest strikers of his generation and, aged 33, is showing no signs of slowing down. The Pole has publicly announced his intention to leave Bayern Munich this summer, with Barcelona in pole position for his signature. But with the La Liga giants' current financial woes in mind, a move could easily break down, and there wouldn't be a bigger statement than Klopp reuniting with the star he spent four years with at Borussia Dortmund. It's unlikely, but not out of the realm of possibility. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.