Christian Horner has admitted Michael Masi did make “one mistake” at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix last year when Max Verstappen beat Lewis Hamilton to the world title. The Red Bull team boss said Masi’s error was not allowing all of the lapped cars to un-lap themselves before the restart. Hamilton was dominating the season finale and was en route to secure an eighth world title when a late race safety car saw Verstappen close up on fresh tyres. Masi decided to allow lapped cars between Hamilton and Verstappen to pass but no one else behind could. It meant the only beneficiary was Verstappen as cars near the back of the field were left almost another lap behind their rivals heading into the end of the race. However, Horner claims that was the “only mistake” Masi made in Abu Dhabi and claimed the FIA were still “tremendously harsh” to punish him. Speaking to the Cambridge Union, Horner said: “He made one mistake in that he didn’t allow all lapped cars to un-lap themselves. I think there was three cars that were kept at the back of the field and unable to [un-] lap themselves. That was the only mistake that he made. READ MORE: Christian Horner opens up on 'sparky' F1 team principals meeting “So I thought it was tremendously harsh for him to be hung out to dry, particularly in public, and then the trolling that he got and the abuse that he got online without really support the federation behind him. There was a lot of decisions he made last year that we felt went against us, whether it was yellow flags in qualifying in Qatar or the Silverstone incident with Lewis. “But I did feel sorry for him that there should have been more support after that championship because he was in an incredibly difficult position.” Horner has previously claimed blaming Masi for the Abu Dhabi fiasco was a “smokescreen”. He even claimed blaming the race directors was a move to try and “discredit” Red Bull's achievement. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen has changed since beating Lewis Hamilton, warns Horner [COMMENT]Wolff fires back at Horner 'politics' after Hamilton injury struggles [INSIGHT]Horner called out over constant FIA complaints as Mercedes point made [ANALYSIS] Speaking at the Cambridge Union, he said: “Obviously a lot has been made out of Abu Dhabi. It was a shame that actually Max’s achievements during the course of the last year were, if any way, diluted by what happened in Abu Dhabi. The reality is, a championship is won over a season, not over a single race.“And I think the way that Max drove last year, sometimes is not the best car, but some of the performances that he put in last year, he deserved that championship 100 per cent. And I think that these things occasionally happen. There are sometimes close calls in sport.”