Russian President Vladimir Putin has sparked fears that he could attack other countries as he compared himself to Peter the Great, the former Emperor of Russia who built the country into a global power. Speaking this week, Putin appeared to suggest that he could follow in the footsteps of the historical figure. He said: “Peter the Great waged the great northern war for 21 years. It would seem that he was at war with Sweden, he took something from them. He did not take anything from them, he returned [what was Russia’s]. “Apparently, it is also our lot to return [what is Russia’s] and strengthen [the country]. And if we proceed from the fact that these basic values form the basis of our existence, we will certainly succeed in solving the tasks that we face.” Putin has already invaded one former Soviet territory – Ukraine – and Olga Lautman, an academic and Russia expert, believes there are a number of countries that could be invaded next. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: "The West must supply Ukraine with as much military support as it can, because if Russia succeeds in Ukraine they will expand their war. "The war will come out of Ukraine into other parts of Europe." Asked if Putin would invade other European countries, she added: "Absolutely. We have already seen Russia laying the groundwork in Transnistria to try and destabilise Moldova, we saw the same in South Ossetia to destabilise Georgia. "Then of course Poland, we have heard the former Russian prime minister Medvedev's comments about Poland. "We have also seen the threats against Finland and Sweden because they wanted to join NATO, and you have the Baltics too." Finland and Sweden have applied for membership of NATO in the wake of the Ukraine invasion – a move that represents a huge shift in the countries' defence policy. Kremlin figures have already told the Scandinavian countries that they could face "military consequences" as a result. Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, also believes Russia will attack other nations. Speaking in April, he said: "All the nations that, like us, believe in the victory of life over death must fight with us. They must help us, because we are the first in line. And who will come next?" READ MORE: Desperate Putin resorts to 'highly inaccurate' weapon  In the same month, a Russian military general stated Moscow’s intention to control the whole of southern Ukraine to better access Moldova. Rustam Minnekayev said: “Since the beginning of the second phase of the special operation … one of the tasks of the Russian army is to establish full control over Donbas and southern Ukraine. "This will provide a land corridor to Crimea, as well as affecting vital objects of the Ukrainian economy, Black Sea ports through which agricultural and metallurgical products are supplied to [other] countries." He added: “Apparently, we are now at war with the whole world." The Baltic states – Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania – have also called for more military support from NATO allies after the invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISSUkraine would've ‘already won war’ with better weapons [INSIGHT]Putin's plans backfire as UK fighters' trial to 'invigorate people' [ANALYSIS]Putin humiliated as leading battalion REFUSE to fight [INSIGHT] This week, a member of the Russian legislature submitted a bill to the country's parliament to repeal the recognition of Lithuania's independence. Yevgeny Fyodorov, a member of Putin's United Russia party, argued that the independence of the Republic of Lithuania in 1991 was "illegal". Lithuanian Foreign Minister Gabrielius Landsbergis responded furiously to this. He said: “Only a state ruled by beasts could start a war like the one Russia started. I am not surprised that in politics they do not behave according to human standards. "We must respond accordingly - be ready to defend ourselves both by ourselves and together with our partners, by political, diplomatic or other means."