The star, who is appearing on the popular Channel 4 show alongside old-friend Gyles Brandreth tweeted to say that the pair of them “don’t hold back,” when commenting on the latest programmes aired on television, with many of her followers showing their excitement about her upcoming appearance on the show in the comments. At the beginning of the year, the 61-year-old took to her Instagram to wish her followers a happy new year, before going on to explain that due to a “lack of light” throughout the whole month of December, she suffered from what is known as seasonal affective disorder or S.A.D.  Appearing in good spirits as she returned from a holiday in Wales the former Countdown presenter shared: “Hope you're well my lovelies. I feel like a new woman. “I think I was suffering from that seasonal affect disorder you know SAD, because of lack of light because it never got light during December. “Had a few days in my beloved West Wales," she added. "And BOOOOOMMMMM she's back in the room... Yeeeeeee haaaaaaaaa. Sending best #backintheroom." [sic] As always Vorderman’s loyal fanbase took to the comment section to show their love and support for the star. One user wrote: “SAD the days haven't got much brighter yet, it's the feeling of hope and freshness a new year brings!”  READ MORE: Neil Fox health: DJ found a way to better manage his chronic condition over lockdown Interestingly, when light hits the back of the eye messages go to the part of the brain that controls numerous bodily functions such as sleep, appetite, sex drive, temperature mood and activity. If there isn’t enough light, then these functions either slow down or stop. Another way in which the lack of light during winter months affects the body is by disrupting the body clock. One theory is that if you experience SAD in the winter, the part of the brain that sets the body clock does not work in the same way. This could mean the body clock is out of sync with daylight, leading to tiredness and depression. Some researchers think this is because your sleep pattern starts at a different time. In darker light the brain also produces more of a hormone called melatonin, which helps your body get ready for sleep. Levels of another hormone, serotonin, which affects your mood, are also disturbed by how much sunlight an individual gets. Due to this it is thought that people who suffer from winter SAD seem to produce higher levels of melatonin and lower levels of serotonin during winter.  As with any type of depression, SAD can be difficult to live with. It can make you feel tired, stressed and unhappy. Other symptoms that typically occur at various times of the year include: Most people’s symptoms start in the autumn or winter and improve in the spring. These symptoms are usually fairly mild at the start of the autumn and progressively get worse as the amount of sunlight decreases. However, it is important to note that the nature and severity of the symptoms of SAD will vary from person to person. The NHS explains that some people with SAD also experience recurring episodes of “unipolar depression,” while others may find they experience mild episodes of bipolar depression. The term unipolar depression is defined as individuals who only experience depressive symptoms. Whereas bipolar depression involves depressed periods (lows) followed by manic periods (highs) where you feel happy, energetic and much more sociable.  