Christopher Hope, associate editor of The Daily Telegraph, speaking on the Jeremy Vine show, said there would be “huge problems” if the Tory Party decided to get rid of Mr Johnson. He said the PM was a proven “election winner” and if he were to be relegated to the backbenches, he would become a “commentator” and would “undermine” the Government in power. Ayesha Hazarika, columnist and political journalist, said such a suggestion was ridiculous, predicting that Mr Johnson would be “straight back on the after dinner circuit” if he was forced to resign as PM because he was “lazy”. Jeremy Vine said: “Let’s put together the Boris case. This is a guy that won London twice. A labour city, right. “He won an absolute majority in the general election. The biggest since 1983. He wins votes when he is on form.” Mr Hope said: “That’s why I think the Tory party should not drop him before the next election because I think it’s going to create huge problems. “If they drop an election winner, which Boris Johnson is, you cannot deny that, through two elections in a Labour city as mayor and then a general election in 2019.    “If you drop him on the backbenches now, he becomes a sort of Thatcher figure for 20 years, commentating and undermining the current leader.” Ayesha Hazarika said: “What are you talking about? He’s so lazy he’ll be straight back on the after dinner circuit.” Mr Johnson said today voters can "beat me up" all they want but he will "keep going" after suffering a double by-election defeat that triggered a Cabinet resignation and renewed calls for him to step down. Cabinet minister Oliver Dowden quit as Conservative Party co-chairman, saying he and Tory supporters were "distressed and disappointed by recent events" and telling Mr Johnson that "someone must take responsibility". READ MORE: Tory MPs gear up for another no confidence vote against Boris [REVEAL]   Former Conservative leader Michael Howard urged the Prime Minister to resign for the good of their party and the nation, as he urged the Cabinet to consider resigning to force him out. Conservative MPs voiced their fears of losing their seats after the Tories lost their former stronghold of Tiverton and Honiton to the Liberal Democrats and Wakefield to Labour. But Mr Johnson said he was confident his own side was not plotting to oust him as he was attending a Commonwealth leaders summit 4,000 miles away in Rwanda, before heading to the G7 in Germany. He said: "There will still be some tough times ahead, no doubt people will continue to beat me up and say this or that to attack me. That's fine, that's quite right, that is the job of politicians.” DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris call a General Election after by-election defeat? [POLL] Boris Johnson 'greased piglet' and can 'wriggle out' of trouble [INSIGHT]Boris risks Charles Rwanda row saying critics should keep ‘open mind’ [REPORT]   He added: "In the end, voters, journalists, they have no-one else to make their complaints to, I have to take that." The Prime Minister spoke to Chancellor Rishi Sunak by phone for his daily meeting after receiving a warning call from Mr Dowden following an early-morning swim at his hotel. Moments later, Mr Dowden published his resignation letter. He wrote: "Our supporters are distressed and disappointed by recent events, and I share their feelings. "We cannot carry on with business as usual. Somebody must take responsibility and I have concluded that, in these circumstances, it would not be right for me to remain in office." READ NEXT: Have your say: Is Boris wrong man for Tory Party?'US and UK have to burn' Putin's puppet ramps up threat as he vows RusLord Heseltine warns Boris Johnson's 'toxic' Brexit to cost him Boris Johnson LIVE: Nightmare for PM as favourites for Tory leader ‘Tories had a walloping' as by-elections record major Tory defeat 