Manchester United are disregarding most of their scouts’ recommendations and are instead preferring to pursue Erik ten Hag’s own personal targets, according to reports. The Dutchman will rule the roost at Old Trafford going forward after being appointed as Ralf Rangnick’s replacement. And it appears the club are hard at work as they look to turn their current situation around. It’s already been a busy summer at United, with the likes of Jesse Lingard, Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Nemanja Matic, Lee Grant and Juan Mata all leaving on free transfers. They’re currently working to land Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, while Christian Eriksen is another target following the expiry of his Brentford contract. United are yet to sign anybody, however, with anger rising among fans on social media. Liverpool, Manchester City, Tottenham and Arsenal have already added to their squad so far. But United haven’t. However, a new report from the Manchester Evening News has now provided an intriguing update. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez It’s claimed that the Red Devils are ‘disregarding’ most of their scouts’ recommendations and ‘effectively starting from scratch’. And that’s because they’re choosing to go off Ten Hag’s shortlist instead. The Dutchman has his own targets in mind, with both De Jong and Eriksen among them. United have spent the last few weeks trying to land De Jong, believing they’ll be able to acquire the 25-year-old from Barcelona. But there’s still no agreement at the current time of writing and it’s possible the Red Devils will switch focus if they end up deeming a deal too difficult to broker. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Eriksen had, until recently, been widely expected to return to Tottenham. But Spurs have now distanced themselves from their former No 23, with Antonio Conte’s team appearing to be considering other signings instead. Usually, United conduct their shortlist of summer targets in January. Yet the publication says this wasn’t possible this summer due to the fact Ten Hag wasn’t brought in until April. United have apparently informed Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams they’re surplus to requirements. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Dean Henderson’s exit has been delayed, while United are also yet to receive any offers for the likes of Eric Bailly and Phil Jones. Nobody is in for Anthony Martial just yet, either, with the France international scoring just eight goals for United over the past two years. Meanwhile, former United star Louis Saha is adamant his old side must get their recruitment right in order to be successful again. “Man United have to make the right choices and sign the right players for the club,” he told BoyleSports. “It's very important not to panic buy, those in charge of signings need to make sure the philosophies at the club are right and that the players coming through the door are buying into the project. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It doesn't matter how much you're spending, it's about quality. “You don't need to spend £100million on a player who is going to disrupt your club. “They don’t need to worry about being left behind by their rivals. “Obviously the big teams are going to attract big names, but every team has problems that they have to deal with and United shouldn't be pushing the panic button.” As well as De Jong and Eriksen, United also admire the likes of Pau Torres, Antony and Christopher Nkunku as they seek an improved campaign next time out.