Arsenal have reportedly agreed a deal to sign Porto midfielder Fabio Vieira - so which shirt number could he wear? The Gunners are claimed to have agreed to pay around £30million plus add-ons for Vieira. Arsenal have made one signing so far this summer, with Brazilian youngster Marquinhos agreeing to join. Mikel Arteta is desperate to sign a new striker following the exit of Alexandre Lacazette. But the Gunners boss is also looking to recruit in other areas. Vieira, 22, is an attacking midfielder who has sometimes played as a second striker. Portuguese journalist Pedro Sepulveda broke the news on Thursday that a deal had been agreed and the player was set to fly to London, with Fabrizio Romano also claiming a fee has been set at around £30m plus add-ons. Express Sport looks at the shirt numbers he could wear if a deal is completed. READ MORE: Avram Glazer’s promise as Man Utd push to make six signings for Erik ten Hag  With the No 9 jersey likely to be reserved for a striker, and No 2 for a defender, 12 is the lowest number Vieira could take. Willian and Stephan Lichsteiner were the last two players to have donned the jersey for the Gunners. Vieira would hope to have a bigger impact than those two if he were to take it on. Olivier Giroud and Thierry Henry, during his brief loan spell back at Arsenal, also wore 12. Henry was most famous for the No 14 jersey during his glittering first spell at Arsenal. Theo Walcott and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang have both worn it well since. There would be big shoes to fill for Vieira. Perhaps a less famous number would put less pressure on the youngster. Ainsley Maitland-Niles is the current No 15 at the Emirates. However, his future is likely to be elsewhere following his loan spell at Roma in the second half of last season. Vieira wore 15 at Portugal under-18 level as well as in the youth team at Porto several years ago. Cesc Fabregas and Ray Parlour are famous previous occupants of the number.  DON'T MISSArsenal trying to reach Gabriel Jesus agreement 'today' in crunch Man City talksErik ten Hag faces third possible Man Utd snub as Chelsea consider hijacking moveZinedine Zidane set to crush Chelsea transfer hopes as boss makes two PSG requests  Calum Chambers' departure to Aston Villa in January leaves 21 available for the first time since 2007. Goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski had previously held the jersey before his exit in 2014. Vieira has worn the No 50 throughout his 75 first-team appearances for Porto. However, Arsenal usually reserve numbers so high for youth players. The Nos 22, 27, 28 and 29 are the other numbers below 30 available at the Emirates. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 