Alexander Zverev was forced to retire from his French Open semi-final with Rafael Nadal after picking up a horrific ankle injury, which left him needing a wheelchair to exit the court. Nadal was battling to hold his serve and force a tie-break at the end of the second set when the world No 3 attempted to return a forehand, only for his ankle to collapse underneath him.  Nadal won the point to force a tie-break, but there was serious concern for Zverev as he hit the deck in agony. Zverev dropped his racket and cried in pain with audible gasps around Court Philippe Chatrier. The 25-year-old immediately grabbed at his right ankle with Nadal making his way over to his opponent's side of the net to console his rival. The physio team were quick to rush to Zverev's help, but it quickly became apparent that the injury did not look good. The French Open crowd tried to get behind Zverev as loud applause sound echoed around the arena. JUST IN: Djokovic coach backtracks with new Nadal claim after French Open loss  Zverev was brought to his feet by the physio to see whether he could put any weight on his injured ankle. But he was unable to make his way to the changing room on his own accord, with the wheelchair soon being brought out. As Zverev went back to the medical room, Nadal sat back down and shook his head when looking at the umpire. After several minutes, the German tennis ace returned to the court on crutches to confirm he was unable to continue. He was given a standing ovation from the crowd with Nadal walking by his side. Nadal paid tribute to his opponent immediately after the match, admitting it was "very tough" seeing Zverev cry. DON'T MISS  Nadal said: "Very tough and very sad for him [Zverev]. He was playing an unbelievable tournament. He's a very good colleague on the tour, I know how much he is fighting to win a Grand Slam. "For the moment, he was very unlucky. The only thing I am sure is that he is not going to win just one but more than one. I wish him all the best and a very fast recovery. "It had been a super tough match, over three hours, and we didn't finish the second set. It's one of the biggest challenges on the tour today when he's playing at this super high level. It is difficult to say a lot of things in this situation. "Being in the final of Roland Garros one more time is a dream, no doubt, but at the same time, to finish that way... I have been there in the small room with Sascha before we came back out. To see him crying, it is a very tough moment. all the best to him and all the team."  