Weeds grow wherever there is space for them, making them plants simply in the wrong locations. They can grow in flowerbeds, on the lawn as well as on driveways and patios. While they can be incredibly annoying, there are ways to prevent them from growing in the first place, including using newspaper. William Mitchell, gardening expert at Sutton Manor Nursery told Express.co.uk: “There are plenty of rumours circulating the internet about newspapers helping to prevent the growth of weeds in your garden. “The truth is, this is correct. “Newspapers can be used as a cheap and effective way to stop weed growth.” According to the expert it is useful in the garden because it is porous. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to get your lawn to ‘thrive’ for summer - ‘important’ This means it lets water though. The expert added: “It is also a phenomenal blocker of light and also biodegradable so therefore is harmless to the environment. “You simply lay the newspaper on the desired area making sure all edges overlap and do not leave any gaps. “Then, water the newspaper to help it stay down.” DON'T MISS:Brighton locals call for second home ban [COMMENT]Watering tips: ‘Best’ time of the day to water plants in summer [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap and quick’ way to clean kitchen tiles [EXPLAINER] Gardeners should also add a layer of mulch on the top and then water thoroughly. Watering can help to provide the soil underneath with moisture. Wetting the paper can also help to keep it in place. Using newspapers to prevent weed growth is a great way to reuse them. They tend to decompose in the garden within six weeks, although this is shortened when watered. What’s more, once the mulch is placed on top, you can’t even see the newspaper underneath. For anyone who doesn’t have newspaper, the gardening expert recommended simply pulling them up. Nick explained: “While it is a very tedious task, constantly weeding your garden is actually extremely effective. “You should gently pull weeds at their base and remove them from the garden. “Closing the gaps is another good way of preventing weed growth. “This method helps to suffocate emerging weeds by providing shade for the soil in-between plants.” Aerating soil is also another good way to prevent the growth of weeds. William explained: “Aerating your grass and allowing it to breathe will make sure that the potential of deep rooted weeds is significantly reduced.” Gardeners should also avoid watering weeds as this will help them to continue to grow.