Tim Henman has admitted Rafael Nadal has swayed him away from Novak Djokovic when discussing the Grand Slam race following the Spaniard's title win at the French Open. The 36-year-old extended his all-time men's Major record to 22 titles, extending his lead over Djokovic and Roger Federer who have 20 each. Nadal broke his own records following his 6-3 6-3 6-0 win over Casper Ruud in Sunday's French Open final. As well as becoming the tournament's oldest male champion two days after his 36th birthday, the Spaniard also extended his record to 14 French Open titles and 22 overall Grand Slam trophies after winning his 21st in Melbourne at the start of the season. It means he pulls further ahead of Djokovic and Nadal, who remain tied on 20 with their rival now on 22. And Henman has now confessed that Nadal's latest victory has made him change his mind on who would finish with the most Grand Slams, having previously backed the Serb to end his career with the record. "In terms of who’s going to end up with the most Grand Slams. Couple of years ago I would’ve said Djokovic for sure," the former world No 4 told Eurosport. "Right now with that little bit of distance, I think Nadal has got a great chance." JUST IN: Coco Gauff sets out bold Wimbledon goal after French Open heartbreak  The retired pro also claimed the world No 5 could win Wimbledon in less than a months' time if he was fit and healthy, and decided to compete. His comments came after Nadal told Henman and the Eurosport team that he played the final with his foot "asleep" after receiving "injections" to the nerve to dull the pain his chronic foot injury causes him. The newly-crowned French Open champion is in doubt to play Wimbledon - which begins in just three weeks - as he continues to struggle with the injury. But Henman said: "I mean if Nadal is healthy, which is a big challenge now with his foot injury, can he win Wimbledon? Absolutely." DON'T MISSFrench Open boss to introduce five sets to women's gameFrench Open champ Swiatek stunned as reporter asks 'make-up' questionDjokovic 'disrespected' at French Open as coach launches bitter tirade  Henman, who is on the AELTC board, said it would be an "incredibly exciting" prospect to see Nadal competing at Wimbledon and winning the title. And he noted that the Grand Slam race could change in as soon as a month with the third Major of the year fast approaching, adding: "I mean it’s going to be fascinating to see. You’ve got another opportunity in three weeks’ time so fingers crossed, I so hope Nadal can be there on grass."