Red is most certainly Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia's colour. Both royals share a love of one crimson designer skirt in particular. Meghan Markle stepped out October 25, 2019 to attend a roundtable discussion about gender equality as part of the One Young World summit. She donned a below-the knee red pencil skirt by Hugo Boss. The skirt was reportedly £368 at the time. While the red skirt is currently unavailable, the retailer currently sells below-the-knee pencil skirts for £389, in blue, light brown and black. The Duchess paired this with a V-neck burgundy jumper from Joseph. READ MORE: Kate & Meghan step out in same Zarita dress years apart - pictures She accessorised with some burgundy suede pumps. She opted for one dainty gold bracelet and small studs. Meghan went for a chic up-do with two loose tendrils framing her face. As for makeup, the Duchess was minimal with a pale pink lip and smokey eye. But the Duchess of Sussex wasn't the only royal dazzling in Hugo Boss. Queen Letizia of Spain wore the same pencil skirt just one day before as she attended a meeting in Seoul. While both royals were stunning in the red garment, they accessorised them differently. Letizia paired her skirt with a white blouse with sheer detail and embroidery. Like Meghan, the Queen went for burgundy pumps, but Letizia's were patent rather than suede. She clutched a purse that perfectly matched her skirt. As for makeup, Letizia too went for a minimal look but did boast a smokey eye. She wore her hair down with a middle parting. It is unlikely that Meghan was inspired by Queen Letizia's ensemble as they were only spotted in the same skirt one day apart. In fact, it may have been Meghan who started this royal fashion trend. The Duchess of Sussex stepped out in the Hugo Boss skirt previously in 2018 - just this time it was dark green. In a visit to Bognor Regis, Sussex, the Duchess looked chic in the Boss skirt, casual green blouse and nude pumps. Of course, royal fans took to social media to decide who wore it better. @sharon6863 stated: "Beautiful Sussex." @swift7alpine added: "Wow!!!!! Meghan looks amazing!!!!" But others thought the Spanish monarch took the style crown on this occasion. @seugnet777 said: "Beautiful ladies. Letizia is the most beautiful." @marianne_kutela seconded this: "Letizia of course! Queen Letizia just exudes class, elegance and sophistication."