The arrival of summer in the UK means that the sweat and greasiness can make the skin more prone to breakouts. However, top Austrian skincare brand Augustinus Bader has just unveiled a new moisturiser that claims to be the solution to all problems. But don’t worry about it’s hefty price tag – shoppers can now save money off it. Augustinus Bader skincare is always led by science and research when developing new products and the brand’s latest Light Cream is a result of 30 years of science. Having being voted the ‘Greatest Skincare Brand of All Time’ by WWD Beauty, all skincare formulas are handcrafted by Professor Augustinus Bader in his own laboratory. Light Cream is a ground-breaking moisturiser that’s perfect for oily skin types, hot summer weather and specifically targets an overactive sebum, which causes greasy skin. It’s powered by the brand’s patented TFC8* technology and feels weightless yet super hydrating with a matte look that doesn’t make the skin look oily. A 12 week clinical trial of 60 males and females showed that the cream visibly reduced wrinkles by 45 percent. The test also showed that skin radiance was improved by 66 percent and that pores looked 54 percent less notable. Shoppers can now buy it for £135 but there is also a secret trick they can use to uncover 20 percent off its original price. The best way to get a discount is to shop directly through the brand’s website via its Auto-Replenishment programme. How it works is that customers need to select ‘Auto-replenish’ when they buy the Light Cream and then they need to select how often they would like it to be delivered. And customers can change the delivery frequency anytime. When they do this, they can get 20 percent off each delivery cycle and receive loyalty points as well. Shop the Augustinus Bader Light Cream here. There is free worldwide delivery. Other bestselling products include The Rich Cream, The Cream, The Serum, The Face Oil, The Body Cream, The Eye Cream, The Essence. Discover Augustinus Bader here.