As chaotic and unpredictable as family life might be, you won’t find it difficult to cope. You can see that no one is deliberately trying to make problems whatever is going on. Others are as surprised as you are at the consequences of a recent decision and how this brings challenges you hadn’t expected. You aren’t keen on change, but there are no two ways about it. To reach a current aim, you need to be flexible, you need to prepare yourself for challenges to come and you need to accept that changes will and are going to happen. Through the guidance of an older man you’ve always been able to trust, you are starting to recognise your true potential. New plans are forming in your mind. A financial gift from a generous relative will allow you to afford something you have needed for some time.  Any effort made to deepen the bonds of a close relationship or friendship will provide the emotional security you seem to be in need of at the moment. Just be sure it is your head that rules your actions and not your heart. You don’t want to make an impulsive move on the spur of an emotional moment. Changes are taking place in your career. It will be a while before any real action takes place, which will give you a chance to get used to the idea. A new job, a move within your existing company or taking control of a big organisation are all excellent possibilities for you now. Putting together a phenomenal proposal will make it more likely that you will land a plum assignment. Those in positions of power appreciate your determination to get ahead. The same kind of attitude can be put into any obstacles obstructing your progress with a family-related issue.  A group project you had high hopes for isn’t going anywhere. It is hard to admit it but it would be better to call it a day. You’re wasting your time continuing with something that isn’t ever going to work. You have better things to do. Even if others complain, you are ready to move on. You’re seriously considering enrolling on a course of study. This may have nothing to do with your career, but it will be a subject you’ve always been interested in and you just want to find out more. Your primary focus is on plans and ideas that might bring you greater happiness in the future. A group or friendship arrangement will be an absolute pleasure for you. People will be quick to praise you for your talents and thank you for the big help you are making to a team effort. As you start seeing your ideas taking shape, this will also add an extra impetus.  Someone who has just started working for your company seems uncertain about where they fit in. You can sense they are struggling to adapt and can understand their nervousness. Draw them into the centre of what is going on. You may need to get it into other people’s minds that you are serious about some major plans you are planning. Someone may not be ready yet to consider these changes but they need to know they are being considered and you do intend to move ahead with these when you feel the time is right to do so. You will be called upon to make a quick decision and you will wonder whether you are doing the right thing. Your common sense will guide you in the right direction. By the end of the day, you will feel slightly better about the choices you are making. 