The Undeclared War is set in 2024, during the run-up to a UK general election. The analysts at GCHQ (Government Communications Headquarters) will be working around the clock to fight off a cyber attack on the country's electoral system but will they be able to do it before the public cast their votes? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Undeclared War. Daniel Patrick is the Head of Operations at GCHQ, leading the fight against the unknown enemy nation attacking the UK through cyber warfare. Taking on the pivotal role is actor, screenwriter and comedian Simon Pegg. He famously starred and co-wrote the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy which consists of Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and The World's End. In recent years, Pegg has featured in Mission Impossible, The Boys, Truth Seekers, The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance and Star Trek Beyond. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition Actor Adrian Lester has been better known for his theatre work, winning him a Laurence Olivier Award, an Evening Standard Theatre Award and a Critics' Circle Theatre Award over the years. In terms of his onscreen projects, Lester has been starring in Sky Atlantic's Riviera as Robert Carver. Some of his other work has included Hustle, Undercover, Grey Lady, Euphoria, The Rook and Life. He will be playing the UK's first black Conservative prime minister in The Undeclared War. Helping to try and take down the unknown online threat will be American cyber-analyst Kathy Freeman. She will be Daniel's right-hand woman as they try to stop their online enemy before it's too late. Actress Maisie Richardson-Sellers portrayed Eva Sinclair in The CW's The Originals for three years. She also starred in Netflix's romantic-comedy movies The Kissing Booth 2 and 3 as Chloe Winthrop. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes slams label of 'British' players 'Raducanu's English!'  [REACTION]‘I would never’ Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star details ‘pet peeve’ [CAST]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton's secret son identified in huge twist [THEORY] When the team is unsure of what to do next, they turn to retired Cold War veteran John Yeabsley. He is brought back to GCHQ to help combat the latest virtual threat to the UK. Oscar-winning actor Mark Rylance famously played Thomas Cromwell in BBC's Wolf Hall. Some of his other parts have been in Bing, Dunkirk, The BFG, The Trial of the Chicago 7 and Don't Look Up. Actress Hannah Khalique-Brown is a newcomer to the entertainment industry with only a couple of projects under her belt so far. She has been in the drama Doctors as Anita Chandola as well as the movie Muse as a character called Bonnie. Khalique-Brown will play Saara Parvan in The Undeclared War, a student who is doing work experience at GCHQ's Malware Department. The Undeclared War premieres on Thursday, June 30, at 9pm on Channel 4.