Tommy Sheppard, MP for Edinburgh East, told Andrew Marr on LBC it would be “untenable” for the Prime Minister, whether that be Boris Johnson or not, to oppose a second referendum or indeed the independence of Scotland should the nation vote in favour of it. He said it would be “showing contempt to the Supreme Court” and that it should be avoided. It comes as Nicola Sturgeon announced an official date for indyref2 yesterday.    Mr Sheppard said:“We will press the case. We will enlist international support and we will enlist legal support as well, and we will make the arguments. “I am absolutely convinced that it will be an untenable position for Boris Johnson, if indeed he is the person on the other side of the table. “It would be an untenable position for him to say, ‘We’re simply not talking about this’. “That, in many ways, would surely be showing contempt to the Supreme Court, it having decided that this should take place.”    Mr Marr said: “But it does not put England and Scotland on a dangerous collision course at that point?” Mr Sheppard said: “No, I don’t think so. See, I believe Scottish independence is better for the people of Scotland and the people of England. “I believe that it is time to rethink the relationship between the nations and I believe we can do much better and have a much better partnership. “So, English people have nothing to fear over Scottish independence.” READ MORE: Sturgeon wasn't begging for a referendum - she was begging for her job [OPINION]   Scotland’s First Minister yesterday published her Referendum Bill, detailing how Scotland would seek a lawful second independence vote, and set October 19, 2023 as the date for that referendum. Speaking to Holyrood, Ms Sturgeon said: "My determination is to secure a process that allows the people of Scotland, whether yes, no or yet to be decided, to express their views in a legal, constitutional referendum so the majority view can be established fairly and democratically. The steps I am setting out today seek to achieve that." "If it does transpire that there is no lawful way for this parliament to give the people of Scotland the choice of independence in a referendum, and if the UK government continues to deny a section 30 order, my party will fight the UK general election on this single question: should Scotland be an independent country?" DON'T MISS: Scottish independence: What happens now? Route map in full [INSIGHT] Nicola Sturgeon announces 'route map' to Indyref2 [REPORT] Sturgeon's marriage to SNP chief Peter Murrell: 'Nicola is in charge!' [REVEAL]   Ms Sturgeon said she had written to Boris Johnson to ask for formal consent for the vote. She also said Scotland's top law officer, the Lord Advocate, had referred the case to the UK's highest court, with court papers being served on UK government law officers on Tuesday afternoon. Next, the president of the Supreme Court will decide if there are preliminary matters to be addressed and when the case will be heard. Responding to the written request, Mr Johnson said: "We'll study it very carefully and respond properly. I think the focus of the country should be building a stronger economy. That's what we're doing. I certainly think that we'll have a stronger economy and a stronger country together." READ NEXT: Sturgeon risks fury as SNP 'almost certain' to have changed lawsNicola Sturgeon slapped down over Indyref2 'Clear people don't want!''How can it be lawful?' Kay Burley skewers Sturgeon 'breaking the law'Edinburgh residents throw weight behind indyref2 'Will be a landslide'Scottish nationalists spark fury with burning Union Flag  