Bridesmaids actress Rebel Wilson, 42, has announced she is in a relationship with a woman. The much-loved star introduced her girlfriend Ramona Agruma to fans on Instagram, revealing she found a “Disney Princess” after previously searching for a “prince”. Sharing the happy news with her 10.9million followers, Rebel wrote: “I thought I was searching for a Disney Prince… but maybe what I really needed all this time was a Disney Princess #loveislove”. She added some rainbow and love heart emojis alongside the message, as well as a stunning snap of the newly-formed couple. In the photo, Rebel beamed as she cuddled up to fashion designer Ramona, her hand on her arm. Her legion of fans couldn’t wait to congratulate her on finding happiness. Kellyjakle wrote: “Adore you both so much!” Carlyjsteel penned: “Gorgeous couple & dynamic duo. Love you guys”. Montanarosebrown added: “Love you so much … lovely people you are”. “HAPPY PRIDE REBEL!!” wrote Mollyelizabethbrown. Rebel and Ramona previously made a public appearance together at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party in March, though they did not reveal they were in a relationship. In May, she confirmed she had met someone special, though she didn’t give away their identity. "We spoke on the phone for weeks before meeting. And that was a really good way to get to know each other," she said. "It was a bit old-school in that sense — very romantic." A friend of Rebel’s told PEOPLE: “Rebel's in an amazing place and I've never seen her happier.” Previously, the star was linked to tennis player Matt Reid, 31. Before that, she was in a four-month relationship with Jacob Busch until February 2021. Last November, the star explained she had been dating.  “[I] did date a few people over the summer and I had a really nice time. I'm currently single and looking for the right person. So, we'll see,” she told PEOPLE. "From every relationship, you learn stuff all about yourself and what you're looking for. I haven't quite met my match just yet, but here's hoping." She added that she had to take her profile off of dating apps because she was overwhelmed with the attention. "I got too much attention, so I'm not on [them] anymore,” she said.