Thomas (played by Bertie Thomas Brotherton) has been under the watchful eye of his mother, Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham), in recent weeks on Emmerdale as she discovered there could be a chance his father, Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln), is still alive. To try and put her mind at ease, Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) has hired a private investigator to try and find out any information about his stepson's whereabouts, whilst trying to keep Kim Tate (Claire King) out of the picture. However, Wednesday night's episode of the ITV soap saw a huge twist air as Will went to drastic measures to get evidence Jamie is still living and breathing but this could result in someone taking revenge on him with tragic consequences. The latest episode of the weeknight serial drama saw Will struggle more than ever to meet up with his private investigator as Kim was suspicious of his shifty behaviour. She followed him to the scrapyard where he was meeting his associate and Kim's interest was peaked when she saw the men talking. Will managed to convince her it was something to do with the haulage but in fact, he was told someone had been spotted matching Jamie's description. In order to confirm who this person was, the private investigator said he needed some of Thomas' DNA to crossmatch it with a sample of DNA they had retrieved from this unknot character. For the results, Will needed to cough up £3,000 and he did this by taking some money out of the haulage company business account. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow to become Toyah's next victim By the end of the episode, he had managed to get some DNA from Thomas after telling Gabby he would look after the youngster whilst she had some rest. Kim wasn't impressed with being kept out of the picture and told Will she needed some space so she could let her anger subside. As she went for a bath, Will was seen taking a phone call in which he told the person on the other end of the line: "Yes, it's done. "I'm not proud of myself but yes, it's done. Pull your finger out and let's see some results," he added, having already sent the money over. "You have got 24 hours, I'm not paying you for maybes," the beloved character said before putting down the phone and looking ominous. As the shifty private investigator knows how important this is to Will, he could make more demands in exchange for the results. This could include putting the fee up from £3,000 to £10,000, regardless of whether the results show Thomas is connected to the person matching Jamie's description. Unable to move any more money without raising more suspicions, Will could tell the private investigator he is not going to budge. Not taking well to putting the work and not reaping the rewards, the newcomer could take revenge by resorting to extreme measures. With surveillance on Home Farm, the private investigator could walk in and kidnap Thomas when he knows no one would be watching the baby. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURES]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT] When Gabby goes to check on her son, the alarm bells would start ringing he's been taken and she would immediately think it's Jamie. Little would she know who it really is and as the search begins for Thomas, Will could get a text which shows Thomas with the private investigator. Not wanting anyone to realise he was the reason why Thomas was kidnapped, Will could make a bolt for it to go and rescue the youngster. Knowing he needs to get Thomas back, he could make the transfer of the extra £7,000 into the private investigator's bank account. However, will he manage to reach Thomas in time or will the private investigator run off with him and the money he's taken from Will? In a shock twist, it could be the private investigator has been working with Jamie all along and has managed to get Thomas for him. He wouldn't need paying as he would have swindled £10,000 from Will and with his role complete, he would leave the father and son duo to spend some time together. Could Thomas really be gone for good if Jamie decides he is going to move abroad to keep his family as far away from him as possible? The actress who plays Gabby, Rosie, has spoken out about her co-star and the actor who plays Jamie, Alexander, returning to the show following his exit last year. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, she said: "Jamie coming back would kick off a lot of drama, there could be a custody battle for Thomas." "If he comes back he'll want one thing only and that's Home Farm, so is Kim in danger?" the young soap star continued. "He's obviously poisoned Kim before – and that could bring back Gabby's nasty side because it's a fight or flight mode where she's like, 'I'm protecting me, my son, my status here and I'm not going to back down if he comes back. "It's been left as a little 'What's going to happen?' And I think it'll be really good. "I'd love to see Alex back, he was good fun and it would be a lot of drama, which would be good. "And he hasn't even met the baby yet, so he needs to come back and be a dad." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.