Houseplants need watering more during the summer months, with most requiring at least once a week. With overwatering being the main cause of dying houseplants, one expert has suggested using “self-watering tools”. Resident Services Manager, Kimberley Pope at Grainger plc’s Weavers Yard development in Newbury, has shared “essential” tips to look after houseplants this summer, even with a lack of natural light. With many embarking on summer holidays, houseplants may suffer due to not being watered. To combat this, the expert recommended investing in self-watering tools. Kimberley said: “Self-watering tools are a great option to take the stress out of keeping your little green friends alive, particularly if your life involves regular holidays or trips away from home. “Pick up a plant water globe, a handy tool that slowly releases water to drop into the plant, feeding your precious plants for up to two weeks whilst you are away from home. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow “Watering globes come in a range of funky colours and designs, so you can pick up one that matches the aesthetic of your home. “Self-watering plant pots are also a great option if you’re frequently travelling or forgetful when it comes to watering your plants. “Designed to allow plants to draw up water as and when required, self-watering plant pots have a reservoir of water which the roots absorb to ensure the soil maintains a constant level of moisture.” Plastic bottles can also be recycled to water indoor and outdoor plants. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [COMMENT]Property market showing ‘signs of cooling’ despite rising prices [EXPLAINER]‘Natural solution’ for ‘fighting grease’ in the kitchen - and it’s 19p [INSIGHT] A small hole can be put into the cap of a bottle which will slowly release water into the soil of the plant. Using self-watering tools can be extremely helpful in preventing overwatering. Houseplants love light and need the rays to grow and thrive. While some don’t need direct sunlight, they do need a substantial amount of natural light. The expert said: “If your home has limited natural light, a great tip to combat this is through the use of mirrors. “By strategically placing mirrors around your home or apartment, you enable light to reflect into the home, creating a sunny haven for your plants to grow. “Placing mirrors opposite dark corners not only allows more natural light to be absorbed by the plants, it also naturally brightens the home and creates a more spacious feel in your apartment.” If houseplant owners find it hard to care for their plants, investing in low maintenance options might be a good idea. Kimberley said: “A couple of easy to keep houseplants include the snake plant and the peace lily, which require low intervention and minimum light exposure. “They can survive in darker corners of the home or in the bathroom. “The snake plant helps to filter indoor air, converting carbon dioxide at night and regulating a healthy airflow in the home. “Peace lilies are known to promote restful sleep and a productive environment, so whilst both are low maintenance, these plants provide a host of benefits for the home.”