Omid Scobie, 40, who co-authored Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of A Modern Royal Family in 2020, declared the Sussexes' youngest child met with Queen Elizabeth II, 96, on more than one occasion during their return to the UK. Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, attended Her Majesty's thanksgiving service at St Paul's last Friday as they marked the monarch's Platinum Jubilee alongside other members of the Royal Family. However, Mr Scobie added: "For those wondering, I’m told there was no interaction between the Sussexes and the Cambridges—but that story is for another time." Lilibet's appearance in the UK left royal fans stunned after snaps from the red-headed tot's first birthday party at Frogmore Cottage circulated on social media. Writing about the event on Twitter, royal expert Omid Scobie said: "For Lilibet’s first birthday, Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan invited close friends and family for an 'intimate backyard picnic' at Frogmore Cottage, Windsor on Saturday. "Claire Ptak (who made the couple's 2018 wedding cake) baked a special order for the party." JUST IN: ‘Three out of five’ Belgium mocks royal blunders in Queen’s Platinum Jubilee tribute Mr Scobie added: "A spokesperson tells me Harry and Meghan ‘remain incredibly touched by the countless birthday wishes for their daughter’ and have also been ‘amazed’ to learn that Sussex supporters around the world have made donations amounting to over $100K to @WCKitchen in Lilibet's honour." ITV also revealed World Central Kitchen, which is a not-for-profit organisation partnered with the couple's Archewell foundation, revealed over £79,000 in donations. The Platinum Jubilee came to an end on Sunday after millions of Brits celebrated the Queen's 70-year reign. Her Majesty said she was "touched and humbled" by the celebrations. In a letter, the Queen said: "When it comes to how to mark seventy years as your Queen, there is no guidebook to follow. It really is a first. "But I have been humbled and deeply touched that so many people have taken to the streets to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. "While I may not have attended every event in person, my heart has been with you all; and I remain committed to serving you to the best of my ability, supported by my family. "I have been inspired by the kindness, joy and kinship that has been so evident in recent days, and I hope this renewed sense of togetherness will be felt for many years to come. DON'T MISS: Lady C sparks uproar branding Harry and Meghan 'third-tier royals' [REVEAL]Prince Harry branded 'out of touch' as Duke and Meghan 'ostracised' [REPORT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [POLL]