Novak Djokovic has been backed to win the Wimbledon title after a difficult year. The Serb has been subject to deportation, criticism for his vaccine status and being unable to compete in tournaments as a result but Pam Shriver believes he can overcome his 'demons' and beat Rafael Nadal to the title.  With another ban looming, this time from competing in the United States, Wimbledon feels like a must-win event for the former world number one. Given that no ranking points are available for this year’s edition of Wimbledon, should the defending champion fail to reclaim his crown, he could plummet to number eight in the rankings. This is why Djokovic has been backed to be inspired to put his struggles in 2022 behind him and equal Pete Sampras’ haul of seven Wimbledon titles. Speaking to PICKWISE, tennis analyst and legendary doubles champion Shriver explained that Djokovic can win Wimbledon because of his excellent form on grass, his recent success as SW19 and his preparation. “He has the hunger and desire to do well. He won’t want [Rafael] Nadal to go three Grand Slams ahead of him after defeat in France and the debacle in Australia earlier this year,” she said. “He is my favourite to win. His grass-court game is superb, he’s won the last two Wimbledons played, and I feel like the French Open getting back to the five-set format, I think he’ll be much more ready for this compared to Paris. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal's admission could spell bad news for Novak Djokovic and co at Wimbledon   “Playing grass for him is a different ball game compared to clay." Djokovic has won six of the last 11 editions of Wimbledon and has not tasted defeat at SW19 since 2017.   “I wish he played a pre-tournament warm-up, but I have a feeling that after all the clay-court tournaments he played in the spring, he must have felt like he was running on empty after the quarter-final defeat in the French Open.” Djokovic will open proceedings on centre court on Monday against Kwon Soon-woo and could go on to face Nadal in a blockbuster final in a fortnight's time. 