Donald Trump remains one of the planet's most divisive figures, and today turns 76. As the 45th President of the US, Trump once enjoyed a sea of goodwill from across the planet, yet with controversy still remaining regarding his premiership, the business tycoon might find support somewhat quieter this year. At present, Trump remains embroiled in a raging row over the US Capitol riots, with new footage emerging last week surrounding it. Trump hit back after his daughter Ivanka Trump attempted to distance herself from her father's claims there was mass voter fraud in the 2020 US election. He claimed Ivanka had "long since checked out" after she reportedly claimed she was not looking at the election results, and had rejected Trump's claims. There has been no evidence to support Trump's claims of voter fraud in the election, which was won but current President Joe Biden. Though his popularity appears to have all but entirely diminished now, Trump once enjoyed a huge boom of voter support, culminating in his election to President in 2016. Through his four years as one of the most powerful people in the world, Trump was never out of the headlines, and once revealed the details of a phone call he shared with the Queen. Trump made the call to Her Majesty in 2020, just prior to the US celebrating its Independence Day. It came six months after Trump met the Queen, and other members of the Royal Family, when he visited the UK two years ago. Their chat came at the height of the coronavirus lockdown, and the Queen wasn't unfamiliar with speaking to influential leaders, as she called the likes of French President Emmanuel Macron, Australia's Prime Minister Scott Morrison and Canada's Justin Trudeau. JUST IN: 'Non to Macron!' British public would prefer Donald Trump as next PM According to the BBC, the call made between Trump and the Queen was made at the request of Boris Johnson's Government, known as "soft diplomacy". The idea being these chats help Britain strengthen its ties with other nations. Speaking to Piers Morgan earlier this year on his new Uncensored show, Trump said: "It was supposed to be just a quick meeting. "And it was beautiful. The pomp and ceremony, nobody does it like the English. I don't know what it is. But nobody does it. DON'T MISS:Capitol riot hearings: Five key takeaways you need to know [INSIGHT]Newsnight: Ex-staffer says Trump would 'beat Biden' today [ANALYSIS]Joe Biden popularity: President Biden in 2024 danger - polls [LATEST] "But I met her, and it turned out to be more than an hour, substantially, because she liked me, and I liked her and she let it be known. "She liked me and I let it be known." In another reflection, Trump noted that when he came to visit he left the Queen laughing, describing their time together as "great". He added: "And I sat next to her and we talked the whole night. And somebody said, 'We've never seen her smile so much.' We had a great time. "She was laughing and smiling. They said they've never seen her have such a good time at a state dinner. You know, normally they're a little boring. Okay, this wasn't boring." A White House spokesperson said at the time: "The President wished the Queen a happy birthday, marking 94 extraordinary years. "The President also expressed his condolences for the British people who have lost their lives during the coronavirus pandemic." The White House added: "The President and the Queen discussed close co-operation on defeating the virus and reopening global economies. "The President and the Queen also reaffirmed that the United States and United Kingdom stand together in our special relationship and will emerge from this trying time stronger than ever before." The Royal Family said on Twitter: "Today, The Queen spoke to President Trump by telephone from Windsor Castle ahead of Independence Day in the United States on July 4."