Liverpool could repeat their stunning 2018 swoop for Fabinho by stealing Benfica striker Darwin Nunez from Manchester United's grasp this summer. Nunez is understood to be one of Erik ten Hag's primary targets in his first transfer window as United manager, but Liverpool are lingering. The Reds look set to lose Sadio Mane this summer, with Bayern Munich expected to close a deal for the 30-year-old forward. And according to talkSPORT, Jurgen Klopp views Nunez as his replacement at Anfield, making them genuine contenders for his signature. Multiple reports suggest the 22-year-old Uruguayan is primed for a Premier League switch after a stellar campaign for Benfica. United look to replace Edinson Cavani, and he scored the decisive goal to dump Ten Hag's Ajax out of the Champions League last 16. But Nunez also caught the eye against Klopp's side in the quarter-finals, finding the net in both legs. Considering Liverpool's outstanding links, there's already no chance of mirroring the shock factor of Fabinho's arrival, but the Merseyside giants could inflict similar frustration on United. JUST IN: Man Utd believe Frenkie de Jong breakthrough is close The Red Devils had been heavily linked with Fabinho as the 2018 summer transfer window opened on May 17. Jose Mourinho looked set to lure him to Old Trafford, but before the month was out, a saga that lasted two hours and 14 minutes took the football world by storm. At 6:46pm UK time on May 28, 2018, murmurs in France claimed Fabinho 'should' join Liverpool before, at 7:13pm, another report stated Liverpool had tabled a bid. Then at 8pm, it was confirmed they were closing in on a £39million deal before the club officially announced their new midfielder, already kitted up at Melwood, at 9pm. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag backed to take Man Utd back into Champions League It was widely seen as a major coup for a player of Fabinho's calibre after the Brazilian had enjoyed an incredible season at Monaco. And United went on the splash £50m on Fred, along with the signings of Diogo Dalot and Lee Grant in a woeful transfer window. With Nunez firmly their North West rivals' primary striker target this summer, Liverpool could inflict similar torment if they silently advance their interest with the lure of Champions League football and a guarantee to challenge on all fronts. But whether they will be ready to splash a similar fee to United remains to be seen. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.