A small room can feel like a limitation when it comes to decorating and designing it. However, the key to designing a small room is all about making the most of colours, light and furniture. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms said: “It can be hard to know what to do with a small room and decorating it incorrectly can often lead to the room feeling much smaller than it is and can make it feel like a bit of a wasted space. “Opening up a small room is all about tricking the eye and creating an illusion that the room is bigger than it actually is. “There are some decorating hacks you can do to make a small room feel bigger. “The key things are to keep it simple, light and airy.” According to the expert, white is “arguably” the best colour for a small room. READ MORE: ‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value Nick added: “The brightness helps blend together the walls and ceilings which can help remove the boxy feel that small rooms often have. “White is reflective and makes any room feel light and airy, perfect for opening up a small space.” If possible, it is also important to let in as much light as possible. Natural light helps to open up the size of a room. DON'T MISS:‘Great’ methods to ensure plants ‘survive’ while on holiday [COMMENT]Lawn: ‘Key’ to a ‘good quality sword’ and ‘healthy’ lawn [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share 99p way to get rid of black mould - ‘brilliant’ [INSIGHT] The expert said: “Try to let in as much natural light as possible and ditch the curtains. “If you’re trying to make a bedroom look bigger, then opt for curtains that are light in colour and weight.” Similar to light curtains, light carpets can also have the same effect. Nick explained how dark carpet draws the eye and the room “inward”. READ MORE: Tomato plants: ‘Ideal’ watering method to ‘prevent root diseases’ Instead, he recommended going for a lighter colour that would reflect the light. The expert added: “Choose leggy furniture. “To keep the room airy, you don’t want pieces of block furniture. “Try opting for furniture that has legs so you can see the floor underneath the object. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Being able to see the floor gives the illusion of more space and it will help make the room feel less cramped.” Adding in mirrors is also a great way to give the room an enlarging effect. According to the expert, the reflection of the room and the light creates depth and makes it look as though there is more space than there really is.” Although keeping a small room clutter-free may be hard, keeping a room simple can make it feel more open. Nick said having too many things out and displayed on shelves can make a room feel more filled and cramped. If possible, also try to create a pathway through the room. This means avoiding having bits of furniture scattered all over the room. The expert said: “Having a bit of a walkway will expose a lot of the floor and will open up the feel of the room.”