The trend of minimalist, Japandi home interiors has become extremely popular in recent years and shows no signs of slowing down. Green Lili spoke to Ore at @oreathome to find out how she transformed her aged, “unliveable” Victorian home into the gorgeous property it is today. Japandi decor is the intersection of Scandinavian and modern Japanese interior design styles. Both are rooted in minimalist design principles, with focus on warmth, natural elements and muted colour palettes. Ore, 33, based in South London with her husband and two children, showcases her neutral home on Instagram for her nearly 25,000 followers. She shared budget decorating hacks, renovation tips as well as money-saving epicycles. Describing her style to Green Lili, she said it is a “mix of influences”. Ore added: “Some rooms in the house are much more minimal and Japandi in nature. READ MORE: How to stop house flies from causing ‘havoc’ in your home “For the most part, I’m a lover of neutral colour palettes. “My main focus for any room I decorate is feeling comfortable for those who are enjoying it.” Ore and her husband bought the property as a probate sale which meant that the previous owner had passed away. She explained: “Unfortunately, it had been unloved for a number of years and a lot of work needed to be done upfront as it wasn’t in a liveable condition for a family. DON'T MISS:Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [EXPERT]Kettles: Limescale can make bills ‘higher’ - cheapest way to clean [COMMENT]How to grow herbs: Use ‘toilet roll tube trick’ for seed starting [INSIGHT] “As soon we completed on the house and got the keys, we got our builders in the very next day to begin work. “Everything was painted in psychedelic green or purple. “The renovation took around five months, and we used a building team for the bulk of it with some DIY thrown in here and there. “I didn’t have a set vision in terms of design, but it was more so about the feel of a home. I wanted it to be comfortable and inviting but, most importantly, functional for our family and little children. READ MORE: Houseplants to help prevent ‘mould and dust mites’ - ‘huge help’ “I wanted a beautiful home, but I didn’t want it to feel like a museum, and it had to be grubby hand-proof as I like to say.” This then influenced the paint colour choices around the home for Ore. The homeowner said one of her favourite rooms in the home is her office which she renovated herself for less than £300. Ore said: “It was just a box room with a single coloured wall, and it wasn’t a very inviting space to work. “I spent weekends working on it myself and saved money because of no labour costs. “I also upcycled our entrance shoe storage unit. “It was initially a basic white Ikea hemnes shoe cabinet, and I changed it into a black ribbed cabinet more in keeping with the rest of the decor and style of the house.” When asked what advice she would give to anyone renovating their home, Ore recommended taking time when decorating the home. She said: “Social media posts and reels will have you seeing home accounts click their fingers and a room is transformed, but in reality, it takes a lot of time to decorate and transform a home. “Don’t feel rushed because of what you see online.” The DIYer also recommended doing jobs yourself if possible as it can save hundreds of pounds. Things like panelling and painting can be “super easy” to do as DIY jobs. Ore added: “Also consider shopping your house, are there items in other rooms or in storage that maybe you’re not using that would work well to decorate a new room? “Look at high street shops for affordable finishing touches. “Places like Dunelm, H&M and Zara are great for getting luxury-looking finishing touches but on a budget.”