Princess Beatrice was seen in a floor length sequin dress while her husband sported a black suit and bow tie for the event. 'The Alchemist's Feast' inaugural summer party and fundraiser is held for the National Gallery's Bicentenary campaign, NG200.    The pair attended the event alongside creative director Patrick Kinmonth this evening, June 23. Princess Beatrice was photographed wearing a glittering floor-length gown covered in tiny sequins. The dress had a plunging V-neckline and long bell sleeves. It also had a black belt around its middle, cinching Beatrice’s waist.  To match the belt, the Princess donned a black hairband, which gave her look a youthful twist. Her husband kept it simple wearing a traditional dinner jacket with a white shirt. It comes amid reports that Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie are unlikely to join the group of working royals as Prince William is "absolutely on the same page as his father" when it comes to slimming down the monarchy, it has been claimed. The daughters of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson have returned to the spotlight earlier this month when they attended several events to celebrate the Queen's reign during the extended Platinum Jubilee bank holiday. READ MORE: Harry SHOULD apologise to William but ‘too late’ to repair trust  Their increased presence in the public eye led to speculation that the pair may plan to join the Firm as working members. However, royal fans' hopes to see Beatrice and Eugenie take on a more prominent role within the Royal Family have been dashed by a source, who claims Prince William is "absolutely on the same page as his father, always has been, always will be" when it comes to the future of the institution. It is believed that Prince Charles has been planning a slimmed-down version of the monarchy when he becomes King. Prior to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepping down as senior royals, the plan reportedly included the Prince of Wales' two sons, their families and the Duchess of Cornwall. DON'T MISS:'Kate would wear this!' Sophie Wessex stuns in white dress in Cyprus [PICTURES]Prince Harry 'desperate for approval' as he's urged to stop interviews [OPINION]Sophie Wessex and Fergie pay tribute to Queen’s party planner [INSIGHT]  Beatrice and Eugenie's disgraced father is among some of the royals cast out of the Firm. The Duke of York was set to appear at the Royal Ascot but Prince Charles and Prince William reportedly put their foot down at the last minute. He failed to make an appearance at the event.