WhatsApp users in the UK are being warned about a dangerous scam that has the ability to steal over £1,000 from victims. The attack sees con artists messaging WhatsApp users with a message that pretends to be a family member. The text always asks for money to help deal with an emergency with the scammers using emotional blackmail to dupe unsuspecting users. This type of attack has been targeting users for some time but appears to be back and more worrying than ever. The latest version of this WhatsApp, which was spotted by Hertfordshire Police, sees scammers (posing as a loved one) claim they need help as their phone has been stolen or has broken. The force says some residents in the region have already lost £1,000 each to this scam which has also left them reeling from the traumatic and emotional experience. In a Neighbourhood Watch message sent out this week, Hertfordshire Police said: "We are seeing an increasing number of scam reports where victims have received messages claiming to be from their son/daughter or other family member saying they have lost or broken their phone, and the number they are texting from is their new number. They then requested financial help, asking for money to be sent urgently. "Some Hertfordshire residents have lost over £1,000, resulting in a traumatic emotional and financial impact for the victims. Please remain alert to this scam and warn others." Explaining how people can keep safe, Hertfordshire Police offered some easy to follow advice. The force said if you receive a message that's allegedly from someone you know asking for money it's best to pause for a moment and try to contact the person directly. While this will take a bit of time you'll be able to verify whether the person contacting you on WhatsApp is who they say they are. Hertfordshire Constabulary said: "Remember that on WhatsApp (like emails and phone calls) people are not always who they claim to be. If someone claiming to be someone you know asks for money or personal information, it is best to pause and check that they are who they say – perhaps by speaking to them in person - before acting on their request." If you're wondering how you can spot a scam WhatsApp has advice on its website about the red flags to watch out for. The market-leading chat app advises users to lookout for these clues which could show the message you've received is a fake... Misspellings or grammatical mistakes Asking you to tap on a link or activate new features through a link Asking you to share your personal information, such as credit card or bank account numbers, birth date, passwords Asking you to forward a message Claiming that you have to pay to use WhatsApp This new police warning comes after earlier this year Express.co.uk reported on how one 72-year-old father fell victim to a WhatsApp scam. As with the con Herts Police are warning about, Martin Stevens was targeted by a cyber crook posing as his 32-year-old son Jack. He was told that his 'son' needed £1,085 to purchase a new phone which had fallen from his worktop and was "completely smashed". Stevens sent across his bank details, but thankfully Barclaycard's fraud detection system realised something was amiss. Scammers tried to get Stevens to send over other card details, and it was only when he spoke to his son on the phone not long afterwards he realised he was being targeted by cyber criminals. Stevens, who said he felt "incredibly embarrassed" about the incident, said: "What was really extraordinary there was that the intonation, the phrasing was the same that he used. "It was almost like this person has been listening or been watching the conversation between Jack and I." Stevens had to call Barclaycard afterwards to cancel all of his cards.