Manchester United and Liverpool are set to face disappointment as Chelsea will reportedly more than double the wages of Mason Mount to keep him at Stamford Bridge this summer. The north west duo have both been tipped to move for the ace. Mount has been one of Chelsea’s standout players in recent years and was recognised for his contribution in the most recent campaign as he was named the Blues’ player of the season. The 23-year-old contributed 13 goals and 16 assists in all competitions as his side finished third in the Premier League. Mount’s performances also helped Thomas Tuchel’s team win the Club World Cup and reach the Carabao Cup and FA Cup finals. And, according to i News, new owner Todd Boehly is planning to build the Chelsea team around the creative genius. Mount currently gets paid £80,000-a-week and is one of the lowest-earning players in the first team squad. But Chelsea chiefs hold the youngster in high regard as he has played for the west Londoners since he was six years old and is a leading example of the club’s successful academy. And the Blues are preparing to reward him with a new contract that reflects his value as one of the world’s leading attacking midfielders. READ MORE: Gareth Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy statement    The proposal will come as a huge blow to United and Liverpool, who both suffered a disappointing end to last season. The Red Devils missed out on Champions League qualification, while Liverpool were unable to win the Premier League or Champions League, despite going close. According to The Sun, United have already registered an interest with Mount’s camp. And new manager Erik ten Hag is watching his contract situation. Liverpool, meanwhile, have also made discreet enquiries as they look to bolster their attacking options after finishing second to Manchester City in the Premier League and losing to Real Madrid in the Champions League final. But Mount has already spoken about his desire to stay at Stamford Bridge and help Chelsea launch an assault on the Premier League title next season. DON'T MISS Manchester United open talks with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong dealArsenal 'to complete first summer signing in next 10 days'Liverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer'     “We were in and around it until midway through - disappointing that we fell off a bit,” Mount said at the weekend as he spoke about the Premier League title race. “That’s obviously the goal for next season - we want to close that gap, we want to be up there. “It’s an exciting time now with the owners confirmed today. Going forward it’s going to be exciting. The era under Roman [Abramovich] has been brilliant and now we look forward. It’s exciting stuff and I can’t wait to get back to it.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here