Nicola Sturgeon is set to lay out her Government's plan for potentially holding a referendum on Scottish independence. The Scottish First Minister launched the latest campaign for another vote to leave the UK last week, publishing a "scene-setting" paper - the first in a series that will make up a new prospectus for an independent Scotland. But former Labour Chancellor Alistair Darling has pointed out why Ms Sturgeon would lose the vote. Speaking to LBC, Mr Darling said: "I don't think she wants a referendum any more than I do. "I think if you had it today she'd lose. "It's interesting that she recognised the border problem and said that it's a challenge. "You've seen in Northern Ireland what happens when you stick a border in the UK, it's more than a challenge. "It's a complete disaster and equally, I used to go on about the currency question in 2014. They don't have an answer to it yet. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Economic vandalism' Irish PM throws down gauntlet "What currency would we have? But she has to keep her own troops going and that's why we're going through all of this." He added: "If you look at what's going on in Scotland at the moment. "She's given up on trying to reduce the gap between rich and poor at schools. "The health service, she keeps going on about how we dealt with Covid and we have problems like the rest of the UK. "From her point of view, it's better to be talking about Nirvana. "She would not want to lead an independence campaign that ended up in failure, to lose two would be a disaster." Despite expected policy announcements in the coming months for a post-referendum Scotland, the path to the vote looks less clear. The UK Government has repeatedly rejected a section 30 order - a clause in the Scotland Act that would allow for a legal referendum to be held - with little indication of any change in mindset from Westminster. DON'T MISS ‘SNP hypocrisy’ Sturgeon and Blackford shamed over party rule change [INSIGHT]Truss refuses to rule out ending ties with foreign court over Rwanda [ANALYSIS]Nicola Sturgeon openly mocked by OWN MP for parliament snub [VIDEO] The SNP made clear last year it would seek to pass legislation for another referendum and would fight any legal challenge from the UK Government to strike it down. During her speech from Bute House last week, the First Minister said she would deliver a "significant update" to Parliament before summer recess, and it is understood an announcement is due next Tuesday afternoon, provided it is agreed to by the cross-party group which sets the parliamentary timetable. In her speech, the First Minister acknowledged there were legal "challenges" stemming from her plans to hold a referendum in October next year. "What would be unfair to independence supporters, in fact unfair to the country, would be for me to stand here and pretend that there's not challenges to navigate through," she said.