The former Prime Minister and Labour Party leader claimed Britain was at risk of being "relegated" from the top tier of nations around the world unless fresh plans to turbocharge the country were put in place. He accused Boris Johnson's party of becoming too driven by Brexit and said the UK was crying out for a party to "drive practical radical solutions". While supportive of Sir Keir's achievements to date, he cautioned that there appeared to be a lack of substance to his leadership. Speaking on the Rest Is Politics podcast hosted by his former communications director, Alistair Campbell, and ex-Tory MP Rory Stewart, Sir Tony said there was a need to produce more policies. "I support what Keir Starmer is doing. He has moved the party significantly, the Wakefield by-election result indicated that. "The central problem is what are the ideas that are going to stop this relegation, and put the UK on an upward path?" he said. READ MORE: Even most LABOUR voters want ‘boring’ Starmer to quit "Jeremy Corbyn took over the Labour Party, the Conservative Party became a Brexit Party. "The strong centre-ground that you need to drive practical radical solutions was weakened. "There has been a gaping great hole where ideas should be." Last Thursday Labour won the Yorkshire constituency of Wakefield back after voters in the area backed the Conservatives for the first time in generations in 2019. The party seized back the seat with a majority of 4,925 on a swing of 12.7 percent from the Tories. Sir Keir said Labour was not "credible" again and said he was leading "a Government-in-waiting with a plan to deliver on the country’s demands". He added: "We will not shy away from that responsibility, duck those challenges or fail to grasp the opportunities our country has." But appearing to dismiss the idea Labour had the plan necessary for Britain, the former Prime Minister, who was knighted earlier this month, warned the UK's political scene was "not in good shape". "We are at serious risk of being relegated from the Premiership group of nations unless we take strong action," he said. DON'T MISS:Labour MP donates £2,000 to strike fund defying Starmer’s warning [INSIGHT]'He's a joke!' Starmer red-faced as he's branded a lemon in Wakefield [REACTION]Watson dismantles Starmer hope for easy Red Wall return after win [WATCH] "We are living through a period of enormous change and we are not in good shape. "We need a clear plan for the future. We need ideas for the future." Sir Tony's blistering attack comes as he prepares to launch his new "Future of Britain" conference in London tomorrow. The event, which has been compared to the political movement in France that led to Emmanuel Macron's election, aims to build new centrist policies for Britain. Condoleezza Rice, the former US Secretary of State, money saving expert Martin Lewis, and the journalists Emily Maitlis and Jon Sopel are set to be among its attendees. Some believe Sir Tony is using the conference to re-enter the political fray with the hopes of one day launching a new political party. He told the podcast: "Britain faces huge challenges; the country needs a plan for its future but hasn’t got one. "The purpose of this conference is to suggest what the new policy directions should be; and to argue for the new politics to achieve them."