Monya Kilian Palmer is the best-selling author of Keto Kitchen and Lazy Keto Kitchen. In her latest book, Budget Keto Kitchen, Monya shares tens of recipes – from spicy enchiladas to mushroom and cheese soufflé omelettes – for foodies to follow the keto lifestyle on a budget. The ingredients are simple and affordable, but can be used to make healthy and delicious dishes. Following a keto diet not only contributes to weight loss, it is also beneficial for overall health. Studies have shown the diet can help with a wide variety of health conditions, including heart disease, cancer, and Alzheimer’s disease, according to Healthline. With Monya’s book hitting stores this week, the author has given Express.co.uk a glimpse of what’s inside. She has shared two of her recipes for food fans to try at home. READ MORE: Woman lost incredible 16 stone after being 'treated like an animal' Avocado and halloumi salad – serves four Ingredients Two large avocados, cut into chunks One red pepper, finely diced Half a red onion, very thinly sliced Generous squeeze of fresh lemon juice 160g cherry tomatoes, halved Two tablespoons olive oil 70g baby spinach leaves One quantity Brown-buttered halloumi fingers Salt and freshly ground black pepper DON'T MISS: Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACKS]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE] Method Place the avocado, red pepper, and red onion in a bowl. Squeeze over the lemon juice and toss to combine. Season with black pepper, then cover and set aside in the fridge until needed. In a separate bowl, combine the cherry tomatoes and olive oil, seasoning with salt flakes. Cover and set aside at room temperature until needed. When ready to serve, simply combine all the elements and serve over the baby spinach. Top with the fried halloumi fingers. Hearty fish chowder – serves four Ingredients One litre of fish stock 200ml of water 500g cauliflower, chopped into small, even-sized pieces One dried bay leaf 200g smoked bacon lardons Two tablespoons unsalted butter One onion, finely diced 60ml dry white wine 450g fish pie mix Pinch of ground nutmeg Three tablespoons double cream Salt and ground white pepper Method In a large saucepan with a well-fitting lid, combine fish stock and water and bring to the boil. Add the cauliflower and bay leaf, then cover and leave to simmer over a medium to high heat for 18 to 20 minutes until the cauliflower is tender. Remove the pan from the heat and use a slotted spoon to remove half of the cooked cauliflower florets, setting them aside in a bowl for now. Remove and discard the bay leaf, then set this pan and its contents aside. Meanwhile, place a large non-stick frying pan or wok over a medium heat. Add the bacon lardons and fry for eight to nine minutes until cooked through and almost crispy. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside on a plate. Reduce the heat to low, then melt the butter in the same pan. Add the onion and garlic and cook for eight to 10 minutes until completely softened. Increase the heat to high and add the white wine – this will deglaze the pan. Once the wine has evaporated, scraped the cooked onion and garlic into the soup mixture in the other pan. Use a hand blender, right there in the pan, to blitz the mixture until smooth. Place the pan over a medium heat and bring to a light simmer. Add the fish pie mix, along with a pinch of ground nutmeg, and leave to cook for 12 to 13 minutes to allow the fish to sufficiently cook through, stirring occasionally. Return the reserved cooked cauliflower to the pan, along with half the reserved cooked bacon. Add the cream and warm the chowder through. Taste and adjust the seasoning with ground white pepper. To serve, divide between four warm bowls and scatter over the remaining bacon bits, along with the lemon zest and chopped parsley.