Sophie Wessex and Sarah Ferguson were photographed attending the London memorial of Lady Elizabeth Shakerley on Thursday. Lady Elizabeth, who died in November 2020 aged 79, was the Queen's cousin and a close friend. She was best known for organising royal parties, including an event held ahead of the wedding of Kate Middleton and Prince William in April 2011.  Professionally known as Lady Elizabeth Anson, the Queen’s cousin died nearly two years ago. Therefore, a Service of Thanksgiving for the royal's life and work was held at St Margaret's Church, Westminster on Thursday. Thanks to her prominence in royal circles, numerous high-profile guests were pictured attending the event, including Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. Lady Gabriella Windsor, Dame Joanna Lumley, the Duchess of Gloucester and Princess Alexandra were also spotted at the service. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' However, Her Majesty was not seen, amid ongoing health issues related to her mobility struggles. Two prominent royals who attended were Sophie Wessex and Fergie. For the event, the Duchess of York wore a Tetsu beige military blazer from The Extreme Collection. The blazer retails for £788 from Wolf & Badger.  The description on the website reads: “Our most iconic military jacket, a jacket with trimmings and our famous gold-plated buttons. “With a longer back and mao collar and black herringbones adorning the front.” Fergie wore a black skirt that finished just above her knee. She also wrapped up warm in a pair of black tights.  For footwear, the Duchess of York wore her Chanel black patent and leather bow CC cap toe ballet flats. To match the gold buttons on her blazer, Sarah wore a small pair of gold earrings and a gold bracelet to accessorise. Her long ginger hair was swept back with a black headband. Instagram user @sansa_dias commented on Instagram: “Love this look on her! So carefree and natural.”  Meanwhile, Sophie Wessex looked elegant in a sleek green Emilia Wickstead dress. She paired this with black heels and a matching pillbox hat from Jane Taylor London. The Countess carried a new Sophie Habsburg Cleo clutch bag in emerald. The bag sells for 310 Euros, or £266. Royal fan @ellainthecityboston wrote on Instagram: “Sophie looks both chic and elegant.” 