Piers Morgan has responded to a statement by Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, who said that the public should forgive Prince Andrew following his court case with Virginia Giuffre. The former Good Morning Britain host, 57, said he wasn’t interested in finding any time for forgiveness for the royal family member.  Addressing the matter, the Archbishop explained to ITV News that the UK has become a very “unforgiving society”.  He said: “Forgiveness really does matter. I think we have become a very, very unforgiving society.  “Now with Prince Andrew, I think we all have to step back a bit…  “He’s seeking to make amends and I think that’s a very good thing," he added. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo Piers responded in an article he wrote for The Sun by saying he hadn’t seen any signs of these “amends”. In February, Prince Andrew's sexual assault case with Virginia Giuffre was settled out of court. Subsequently, the Duke of York no longer has to face a jury trial on claims that he sexually abused her on three separate occasions when she was 17. Piers claimed in his column that he “shamelessly slithered” his way back into society, using the Queen as a “prop” to do so. He wrote: “As a consequence, Andrew was thrown out of the working Monarchy and told he could no longer use his HRH title. “But ever since, he’s been trying to slither his way back into public life and shamelessly using his mother as a prop to do so. “I don’t call that ‘making amends’, I call that ‘taking the public for mugs," he penned. Continuing, the star said he didn’t think there was anything worth forgiving. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) Piers also added that he wouldn't be forgiving the Royal until he "tells the truth" about his connection to Jeffrey Epstein. He went on: "So no, I won’t be forgiving Andrew until or if he ever tells the truth about what really went on with Epstein. “As well as why he paid Virginia Giuffre all that money," he wrote. Earlier this year,iers demanded answers over how Prince Andrew paid for his out-of-court settlement amid claims that the Queen footed part of the bill of the settlement. The Telegraph reported that the Duke of York would have to pay more than £12 million, with some money coming for the Queen itself. The TV star tweeted in view of his 7.9million followers: "The British public is entitled to know who paid for Prince Andrew’s settlement given some of it may have come indirectly from taxpayer money. "Outrageous if it’s true the Queen’s had to contribute towards silencing his accuser. (sic) “How dare he put his mother in that position?" he ended the post.