Prince Harry and Meghan Markle touched down in the UK the day before the Platinum Jubilee celebrations began last Thursday. They kept their appearances limited to a private viewing of Trooping the Colour and later attended the thanksgiving service in honour of the Queen at St Paul's Cathedral. Sharon Osbourne suggested the speed at which the Duke and Duchess stayed in the country was a sign the pair will continue to limit their presence in the UK in the future. Speaking to Sky News Australia, Ms Osbourne said: "They are of no importance. "They lost their importance, they don't mean anything, the country wasn't that overjoyed. "I didn't hear many people go, ‘This is amazing’. I must say the country didn't react one way or the other." She added: "But the way they kind of came in and went, was a huge signal that I don't think we'll see them here much again.” JUST IN: 'Great example!' Kate and William praised by Supernanny after Louis' Jubilee appearance The Duke and Duchess of Sussex already kept their visits to the UK limited since quitting the institution in March 2020. They briefly settled in Canada with their son Archie Harrison before relocating to Meghan Markle's native California. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcomed their daughter, Lilibet Diana, after settling in Montecito last June. The pair returned to the UK only once before the Jubilee as they visited The Netherland to attend the Invictus Games in April. READ MORE: Meghan's reassuring words to nervous Prince Harry at Platinum Jubilee service REVEALED Prince Harry had previously headed back to the UK to be with his family at the funeral of Prince Philip, and then to help brother Prince William unveil a statue in honour of their mother. The couple kept a low profile during their stay, attending only two of the main Jubilee celebrations last week. They did however mark Lilibet's first birthday with a private party at their Windsor home, Frogmore Cottage. Harry and Meghan also shared the first clear image of the little girl, who appears to have inherited her dad's ginger locks. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry alienated 'diehard royal fans' with attacks on Firm [SPOTLIGHT]Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia step out in the same dress [REVEAL]Harry looks pensive as he and Meghan touch down in California [NEWS] Harry and Meghan brought their family back to the US on Sunday, with pictures showing the pair loading up their belongings into a car. Additional pictures showed one of the Sussexes' aides carrying a wooden swing set similar to the one Prince Charles previously gifted Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge. The visit marked the first time the Prince of Wales and the Queen saw Archie in over two years, and the first time ever meeting young Lilibet. 