Emmerdale's Laura Norton has been open about her weight loss success over the past few years, revealing her secrets to staying in shape. The actress, who is mum to her one-year-old son Jesse who she shares with co-star Mark Jordan, has lost an impressive three stone before she fell pregnant and claimed willpower was the key. She previously told ITV chat show host Lorraine: "I just cut all the rubbish out and exercised. "In the eight years I have been on Emmerdale, I have never had a pudding. “I can’t. It’s just a slippery slope." Laura also revealed she used to be addicted to fizzy drinks but gave them up after she saw the scales going up. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She said: "I had been addicted since I was a teenager. "At its worse I used to drink two two-litre bottles of Coke a day. I know now how much sugar is in it. “But when you are addicted, you don’t realise how much you are getting through," she old The Mirror. The Kerry Wyatt star explained that it was her dad that had pointed out her addiction. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] She hasn't realised that binging on the fizzy drink saw her consume an additional 1,700 calories a day. This is just 300 calories less than the recommended daily intake for a female. After giving up the fizzy drink, she said she felt “lucky to still have a tooth in her head”. She added: “It was so much caffeine, so much sugar, so bad for your teeth. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "One day I was at home in my pyjamas and I wanted my dad to go to the off-licence to get me some Coke. "I think he just thought it had gone too far." Having appeared on the ITV soap since 2012, Laura also revealed that her character motivated her to lose weight. Speaking about Kerry's revealing outfits on the show, she said: "I was in skimpy outfits all the time on telly, and the camera also adds weight to you, so I thought I'd do something. "I started to do a bit of exercise, which I hadn’t done for years," she said. "You get a bit older and weight is harder to lose. "Then I cut the Coca-Cola out and started to notice the difference and then just decided to keep it up."