Manchester United want Frenkie de Jong and Jurrien Timber to conduct medicals as quickly as possible, reports say. The Barcelona and Ajax stars are both on Erik ten Hag’s wishlist. And the Red Devils are hopeful of signing the pair when the transfer window reopens this summer. Manchester United are eyeing Timber at a time where the futures of other centre-backs Victor Lindelof, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe is up in the air. And De Jong is being targeted as the Red Devils brace themselves to lose Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic, who are both out of contract. Now, according to 90min, United want the duo to have medicals by the time their involvement with the Netherlands national team comes to an end. The Netherlands are due to lock horns with Belgium, Wales and Poland in the Nations League this month. But that doesn’t necessarily mean the Red Devils are on the verge of agreeing a fee with Barcelona or Ajax respectively. Barcelona have made it clear they want big money in order to let De Jong go, having forked out £65million for the midfielder back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And Ajax are believed to be seeking around £40m to let Timber go, with the 22-year-old regarded as one of the best young defenders on the planet. The publication says the Eredivisie outfit have made Timber a huge offer in order to stay in Amsterdam. But with United now managed by his old boss Ten Hag, the Red Devils are holding out hope they can strike a deal. As well as De Jong and Timber, it’s stated the Red Devils have two other priorities at the current moment in time. Pau Torres is being targeted, 12 months after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer first missed out on landing the Villarreal star. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Tottenham are also looking at the Spain international, who starred as his side reached the semi-finals of the Champions League last season. And United are hopeful Torres can be recruited as they look to concede less goals next time out. Then, up top, Darwin Nunez is on their radar. The Benfica star bagged 34 goals across all competitions last season, enhancing his reputation as one of the most exciting young strikers on the planet. But whether United are successful in bringing in Nunez and Torres, as well as Timber and De Jong, remains to be seen. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Meanwhile, speaking earlier in the week, Timber was asked about his future at Ajax. And he said: "Of course I can develop further there [Ajax]. “I am 100 percent sure of that. I don't feel like I'm done at the club. But I can also develop at other clubs. “In the end, my gut feeling will be the deciding factor. The picture has to be right. “You can go to a big club. But if you're not going to play there, it's better to stay with Ajax. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “And Ajax is also a big club. We play football in the Champions League and I play there together with the best players in the Netherlands. That is not nothing.” And De Jong, when quizzed on links to United, said: "I prefer to stay with Barcelona. "Barcelona is just my dream club. Also from a young age. I just said it too. I've never regretted my choice despite the fact that I had hoped for more in terms of prizes than I've achieved so far. But I have never regretted my choice.” He added: "What I'm saying, there is absolutely nothing of an agreement or anything official. At the moment there is no question of it at all. "Not that I know of in any case. Or they must not have told me, but I don't think so."