Kelvin Fletcher and wife Liz Fetcher have left their fans delighted after announcing unexpected news. Taking to Instagram, the couple made an exciting announcement, after quickly ruling out the possibility of Liz being pregnant again after she gave birth to twin boys last month. In view of their 155,000 followers on their Fletcher on the Farm account, the couple made the announcement. Looking serious, Kelvin said: "We've got some news to share with you guys. "No, Liz is not pregnant again, don't think so, are you? "Definitely not," she laughed as she appeared over his shoulder. READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question Kelvin went on: "The news is... we have got our book coming out! "Fletchers on the Farm, 13th October it comes out. "We've had an amazing 18 months, it's been crazy, don't get me wrong, you can read all about it," he added. Kelvin continued: "It's funny, it's heartwarming, it's feelgood, the highs the lows... we're like a proper married couple, we're in sync!" he added as Liz joined in. "It's been a joy and we can't wait to share it with you," Kelvin added. Liz also addressed the news on her own Instagram page. Sharing a sunny selfie, Liz held her hand up to her face while grinning into the camera. She penned: "It's nearly 3 o'clock and I still haven't been able to get out the house properly! DON'T MISS... Joan Collins, 88, wows fans with natural snap [INSIGHT]James Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies [ANALYSIS]Demi Moore shares new pics with rumoured 'boyfriend' Daniel Humm [UPDATE] "I'm just going to stand here on the front step and have a moment of gratitude that WE HAVE OUR OWN BOOK COMING OUT!!!! "Madness," she added. Last month, Liz and Kelvin welcomed twin boys to their family. The couple already share daughter Marnie, five and son Milo, three. Days later, Liz took to Instagram to offer almost 100,000 followers a candid update, admitting: "It’s been a month to remember!" Tagging helpers including members of her hair and makeup glam squad, she added: "Thanks for being the best." The accompanying photo showed her and daughter Marnie grinning broadly together as they posed surrounded by balloons to celebrate the new arrivals, and building blocks spelling out the word "Baby". The post, sharing a series of photos of the party-like atmosphere surrounding the birth, gave fans an insight into what life has been like with two new boys. Fletchers on the Farm is available to pre-order here.