The oil on canvas piece, depicting Mary holding Jesus surrounded by angels, was found among the belongings of a 90-year-old who had been moved into a nursing home with dementia. Siobhan Tyrrell – the expert valuer of Antiques Roadshow fame who made the amazing find – said it had been “just flabbergasting” to find the gem in a bungalow in north London. She explained she had been invited to value the contents of the property by the holder of the owner’s power of attorney. Their expectations were “initially very low”, Ms Tyrrell said, and she found most of the home’s contents were “relatively low value”. However, she was “utterly shocked” when she saw the early religious painting by Filippino Lippi, the illegitimate son of another painter and student of Botticelli, the latter of whom painted the walls of the Sistine Chapel. Ms Tyrrell commented: “It literally glowed with quality! I'm not a painting specialist, however as a general valuer with over 25 years’ experience, I recognised that it was an exceptional work from the 16th century. READ MORE: Grieving sisters lost for words at late brother’s antiques collection “I immediately told the family of its potential high worth, and they were keen for me to take it to be consigned to our fine art sale.” The 50cm by 43.5cm painting sold at an auction by Dawsons in Hampstead in late May. Auctioneer Peter Mason said: “The bids just kept going up and up – seemingly defying gravity.” He told the Sun: “We knew it would do well, but the final price exceeded our expectations.” The now former owner had moved from Italy to the UK in her youth, and had inherited the painting when her father died. It had been in her ownership, sitting above her bed, for 30 years. Ms Tyrrell said it was “something you don’t often see on your typical valuation, so it was just flabbergasting.” DON'T MISS:Take THAT Sturgeon: Huge crowds wave Union flags in Scotland for Queen [PICTURES]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [INSIGHT]POLL: Should EU be ashamed for ignoring Queen's Jubilee? [POLL] The sale of the painting is not only remarkable for the price the piece achieved, but the good use the money will be put towards. The auction house said the family of the woman had expressed an interest in putting her in better care which will make her life with dementia more comfortable. However, this had been so far “impossible” because of the increased cost. The cost of nursing care in the UK is estimated to already be more than the average salary. Thanks to the massive price tag the auctioneers were able to attract, the family “will not have to worry” about her ongoing care. Ms Tyrrell said: “The proceeds of this amazing find mean that actually she can continue to have the vital nursing care that she can and live in comfort […and] will change her life.”  The auction house added: “Fittingly, given the subject matter of the painting itself, this wonderful picture has really turned out to be a godsend to them all.”