Chelsea are reportedly lining up a sensational raid for Manchester City defender Nathan Ake, as they close in on a deal for his team-mate Raheem Sterling. The Blues are still yet to make a signing since Todd Boehly bought the club, with Thomas Tuchel's side having failed to win a trophy last season. Tuchel is also set to lose Romelu Lukaku from his squad, with the striker expected to return to Inter Milan. That follows on from the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the end of their contracts. Replacements for all three will be needed and the search has started with a pursuit of Sterling. The England international has a year left on his contract at the Etihad, having scored 17 goals in all competitions as City won the Premier League title. But with Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez arriving, Pep Guardiola is reluctantly set to allow him to leave. That has attracted the eye of Chelsea, with The Telegraph reporting that the Blues have now opened talks over a move for the winger. READ MORE: Chelsea handed major boost in pursuit of Dembele after Barcelona talks Boehly is said to have contacted City on Monday to receive a valuation for Sterling, who is one of Tuchel's top targets. Sterling is thought to be open to a move to Stamford Bridge, with Tuchel having already held discussions with him. The move for Sterling is set to be followed by a shock deal for Ake, who has only been at City for two years. But the Dutchman has struggled for playing time since joining Guardiola's side, with the 27-year-old also thought to be open to leaving City. DON'T MISS: Chelsea follow up interest in Inter Milan star after Lukaku talks (NEWS)Chelsea owner Boehly holds talks with City to 'finalise' Sterling deal (TRANSFERS)Chelsea's Boehly 'exploring' four transfer chief options amid exodus (INSIGHT) Boehly also checked on the valuation of Ake, with Chelsea said to be keen to sign him as well as Sterling. He is said to have moved to the top of their list of defensive targets, with Tuchel having previously been keen to sign him while in charge of Borussia Dortmund. Ake previously spent six years at Chelsea, graduating from their academy, with his Premier League experience seen as potentially being vital to the Blues. Tuchel is said to be planning to deploy him as a direct replacement for Rudiger on the left of his back three, if owner and sporting director Boehly can complete a deal.