Brenda (played by Lesley Dunlop) has been pottering away in the background on Emmerdale over the past couple of months in the village café, with the character decorating the premises for the Platinum Jubilee. However, in Thursday night's episode, she and her partner Eric (Chris Chittell) spoke about David Metcalfe's (Matthew Wolfenden) money problems. With the ITV soap stalwart unwilling to help his son by giving him money, it seemed Brenda wanted to offer some assistance but this could come back to bite her. The pair became involved in the latest episode of the weeknight serial drama because Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) wanted to tell them she was dying. Having been best friends with Faith for years, the couple were rocked by the news and began talking about their future. It didn't take too long before the conversation moved on to David, just after Eric proposed he and Brenda enjoy a holiday. This was a discussion which took them from the pub back to Pollard's Barn as they tried to sort out the situation between them. Eric told his other half: "Of course, I want to help him and that's why I suggested he sell and then come on board with me, learn the business." READ MORE: Blue Bloods exit: Why did Amy Carlson leave NBC drama as Linda Reagan? "He loves that shop," Brenda replied, to which her partner couldn't agree less as he added: "[The business] is on its knees." Trying to offer an alternative outlook on the situation, Brenda said: "He won't give up without a fight, I wonder where he got that from. "Look, he's convinced he can turn it around, give him a chance. "I know, why don't we ask him around tonight. We've got the twins coming and he can ask Victoria and the kids to come. "And then we can have a proper family dinner," she remarked, but Eric was still being pessimistic as he added: "I'm not sure he will want to come." "Well, you won't know if you don't ask and then we can see how we can help him," Brenda explained, still trying to get her partner on side. "Cash is tight, it's tied up in the business and this place, or do you expect me to get a loan?" the B&B owner commented. "Well, he won't want you getting yourself in debt," the café owner replied, thinking her other half was making it out to be worse than it was. "He's desperate, he won't care," Eric implored. "Of course, he will. Look, I've just got a bit put by but I want to give it to David to help him out," Brenda said as she finally admitted she wanted to help. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Nicola admits 'I didn't know what I was doing' in scene [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] Highly opposed to the idea, Eric told his partner in no uncertain terms: "I can't let you do that. That's a dreadful idea. "You will never get your money back," he sternly said, with Brenda stating the conditions of the loan if she were to give David the money. "It would be a loan with interest and he would be more obliged to pay me back than he would if he got it from you," she said. "You're not helping him, I am," Brenda added as the conversation concluded, with Eric looking baffled at the proposal. The stalwart knows how unreliable his son can be and this is why he is having such concern about Brenda offering to help him. Eric's worst fears could be confirmed as once David has the money, he could tell Brenda he might not ever be able to pay her back. Feeling duped, Brenda would be furious as she was hoping to use the money she had put away to help her with retirement. Unfortunately, with this money gone and with bills still to pay, Brenda would have to look at an alternative way to get money. She wouldn't be able to take David to court, either, as there would have been no written contract outlining the details of the agreement. Therefore, she could look at her shares in the café and seriously consider selling them to make some of her money back. This would be a devastating blow as Brenda has worked for years to make the café a hospitable environment for its customers. Eric would tell her he knew this was always going to happen but she was unwilling to listen and now must live with the consequences. Brenda could be heartbroken over the fact David doesn't seem to care he has ruined her life, despite her saving his. Could this mean the end of her relationship with Eric as she's unable to move past David's swift disregard of her feelings? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.