After an explosive cliffhanger, viewers are eagerly awaiting the season four premiere of HBO’s hit drama Succession. While the instalment was officially renewed, fans will soon be able to see Logan Roy star Brian Cox in the upcoming Lord of the Rings spin-off.  Fans of Lord of the Rings will be transported 183 years before the events of the legendary fantasy film trilogy for the upcoming prequel, Lord of the Rings: War of the Rohirrim. The movie will follow the fate of the House of Helm Hammerhand, the ninth King of Rohan whose story originated in J.R.R. Tolkien's books. As it will be based on The Lord of the Rings novel, the onscreen adaptation is expected to be an anime fantasy film. Brian Cox has landed a huge new role in the movie and will be lending his voice to portray Helm Hammerhand, the mighty King of Rohan. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull According to Deadline, Helm’s people will face a sudden attack by the powerful and ruthless son of the Dunlending Lord, Wulf. This then forces the King and his people “to make a daring last stand in the ancient stronghold of the Hornburg”, which was a mighty fortress that will later come to be known as Helm’s Deep, as a result of Wulf trying to get revenge for his father, Freca. However, Helm’s daughter Hera will be forced to face a huge challenge after being put in an “increasingly desperate situation”. She will have to find the will to lead the resistance against a deadly enemy intent on their total destruction. Alongside Cox, Gaia Wise will portray Hera, while Luke Pasqualino will play Wulf. Fans can also expect to hear a familiar voice, as Miranda Otto who starred in The Lord of the Rings, will reprise her role as Éowyn the Shieldmaiden of Rohan. The actress will also serve as the tale’s narrator. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement [INSIGHT]Succession’s Brian Cox claims he ‘almost got cancelled’ [INSIGHT]Succession star Brian Cox hits out at 'fascist' cancel culture [INSIGHT] A number of other actors have also lent their voices to the movie including Lorraine Ashbourne, Yazdan Qafouri, Benjamin Wainwright and Laurence Ubong Williams. The voice ensemble additionally stars Shaun Dooley, Michael Wildman, Jude Akuwudike, Bilal Hasna and Janine Duvitski. Although fans won’t see Cox appear on screens for Lord of the Rings: War of the Rohirrim, the actor’s career has spanned almost six decades. In recent years, Cox has played the problematic patriarch of HBO’s most dysfunctional family, Logan Roy. Thankfully, the return of the Logans and their fight for Waystar Royco is confirmed to return to screens with the release of season four. Although a date has yet to be revealed, in May showrunner Jesse Armstrong revealed the script for the upcoming instalment was “almost done”. All the characters are expected to reprise their roles after Logan shockingly revealed he would consider selling Waystar Royco to Lukas Matsson (Alexander Skarsgård). Fans will have to tune in to see whether he will follow through on the offer or decide to make one of his children the successor of his giant media & entertainment conglomerate. Lord of the Rings: War of the Rohirrim will premiere worldwide on April 12, 2024.Succession is available to stream on HBO Max in the US and is available on NOW in the UK. 