Former Formula One champion Mario Andretti has branded Mercedes boss Toto Wolff as 'disrespectful’ for his comments on new F1 entrants. Wolff recently claimed any new operation entering F1 needs to show proof it can add value to the sport. However, the 1978 champion shot back, claiming Wolff’s criticism of Andretti’s new F1 project was ‘very disrespectful’ as they had been ‘active in motorsport much longer’. He said Wolff has ‘no reason’ to look down on the new US outfit as they aim to get onto the grid by 2024. Speaking to Auto Motor und Sport, Andretti said: “Toto Wolff has spoken very openly about our credibility. However, he speaks to me in a different way. I find the criticism very disrespectful because we have been active in motorsport much longer than he has. “I respect his success so far, but he has no reason to look down on us.” Andretti has recently claimed the new team had applied to the FIA for an F1 entry from the 2024 season. READ MORE: Toto Wolff has bad news for Lewis Hamilton after Brit's public demands He claimed they have the ‘resources’ to compete and claimed they ‘check every box’ for a new candidate. The new team is expected to have American drivers and an American built-car after a surge in interest in the sport in recent years. However, earlier this season Wolff appeared to take a swipe at the project. He claimed F1 has a ‘limited amount of franchises’ and stressed the sport did not want to ‘dilute the value’ by just adding teams. The Austrian added: "We have invested considerable amounts over the last 10 years. Each of the organisations that's sitting here on the podium has probably put more than a billion into their Formula 1 projects over the years, so it needs to be accretive. "If a team comes in, how can you demonstrate that you're bringing in more money than it's actually costing? Because an 11th team means a 10 percent dilution for everybody else.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton has four-word response on retirement rumours [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff sides with Christian Horner as F1 schism grows wider [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff makes 'gifted' vow as Mercedes chief predicts improvement [COMMENT] Andretti has said there are concerns in the paddock that they will be unable to compete with the other teams so soon. Back in 2010, new teams Hispania, Virgin and Lotus were off the pace from the get-go with all three constructors failing to score any points. But Mario appeared to ease fears, warning teams they ‘don't know’ the team’s preparations ahead of 2024. He explained: “They always ask how we want to be competitive. I say: let that be our problem! You don’t know our preparations. We don’t need to sign any new people at all, we have absolutely experienced people who have the necessary knowledge. “On the financial side, we have credible partners who are aware of the size of the project. We’ve been planning for a long time with our programme because it’s everything we want. We deserve more respect.”