Tottenham are reportedly making progress in their talks with Everton to land Richarlison as they close in on a fourth signing of the summer. Spurs have secured a return to the Champions League as they finished fourth in the Premier League last season and are looking to bolster their frontline ahead of the new campaign. The Lilywhites have already been busy in the transfer market this summer and have managed to secure the services of Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma for £25million plus add-ons as well as capturing defender Ivan Perisic and goalkeeper Fraser Forster on free transfers from Inter Milan and Southampton respectively. And manager Antonio Conte isn’t prepared to stop there. According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, negotiations between Tottenham and Richarlison are already well advanced when it comes to personal terms. And discussions between Spurs and Everton will continue this week. Tottenham are also said to be willing to throw Harry Winks into the equation to get the deal over the line, although the structure of the transfer has not yet been agreed. The 26-year-old Spurs academy graduate, who has won 10 caps for England, struggled for game time under Conte last season and appears to be surplus to requirements in north London. READ MORE: Man Utd 'agree fee' with Barcelona as De Jong transfer moves closer Richarlison moved to the Premier League in 2017 when he joined Watford from Brazilian side Fluminense. And his maiden campaign in England was a huge success as he wreaked havoc on opposition defences, playing in all 38 of Watford’s top-flight matches as the Hornets finished 14th. The 25-year-old then secured a mega-money move to Goodison Park after just one season with Watford, which resulted in his first call-up to the Brazil national side. During four seasons on Merseyside, the forward has racked-up 53 goals in 152 matches. And he’s gone on to win 36 caps for his country, finding the back of the net on 14 occasions.  Last season, Richarlison managed to bag 10 Premier League goals, despite the fact his side were almost relegated to the Championship. And he has clearly shown he has the potential to perform at the highest level of the game. Conte will be desperate to get a deal for Richarlison done and dusted to assuage the pressure on current front three Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski. And if the Italian can secure the player’s signature, it would come as a major boost to his side, who will be looking to assert their dominance in England and in Europe next season. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 