Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame after she started sharing unusual cleaning tips online. From removing limescale to organising cupboards, the influencer continues to inspire millions to clean their homes and fans of the cleaning guru regularly take to social media to share their own finds, including how to clean skirting boards with ease. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to best clean her skirting boards. Judith Grenville-Roberts wrote: “What's best to wipe down your skirting boards please?” Most properties have skirting boards at the bottom of their interior walls. Skirting boards act to protect the bottom of the wall from abrasion, knocks from furniture and general wear and tear. READ MORE: How to properly clean mattresses to ‘kill off any dust mites’ However, over time skirting boards can become dusty and dirty. Mopping and hoovering are popular ways to clean skirting boards, but Mrs Hinch fans recommended using a microfibre cloth and Zoflora. Joanna Griffins said: “I use a microfibre cloth doused in Zoflora. It’s the best way dusty skirting boards as it makes the dust stick to the cloth.” Alison Collins commented: “I buy one of the microfibre cloths, and give it a tiny spray with very diluted Zoflora. “No bending down, and the fluffy fibres get into the fairly intricate shape of my skirting boards. Afterwards, once dry, I shake it outside.” DON'T MISS: Why you should avoid killing ivy plants - ‘protects your building’ [INSIGHT]‘Best time of day’ to water your grass - signs lawns need watering [EXPERT]‘Most cost-effective’ method to get rid of invasive plants in gardens [TIPS] Mark Linkson wrote: “Microfibre cloth and Zoflora, I use every six months. Not only does it clean my skirting boards, but it makes my house smell amazing.” Louise Quinn suggested: “Mix Zoflora in a spray bottle with water and using a microfibre cloth gives fab results for a super cheap price.” Siobhan Carlson said: “Damp cloth then go over with Zoflora and water, keeps dust away a lot  longer.” Tasha Simms replied: “I dust mine with a microfibre cloth and occasionally wash with Zoflora. The house smells lovely after. “You can then use the excess water to wash the floors.” Daniel Pearson said: “Get an empty spray bottle, fill 30 percent Zoflora and 70 percent water. Brilliant.” Lisa Marie Calford added: “Zoflora in a pan of water, a microfibre cloth and old tea towel to dry.” Zoflora is a scented disinfectant available in many scents. It can be picked up from Asda for as little as £1. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using fabric conditioner to remove the dust from their skirting boards. Debbie Sykes said: “Fabric conditioner and water.” Jan Ferens commented: “Use fabric conditioner with water, it keeps the dust away for so long.” Using fabric conditioner on skirting boards can help to prevent dust from sticking to the paint. This can help them stay cleaner for longer.