Liverpool insist there is work to be done before a medical can be arranged to make Darwin Nunez their player, per reports. There had been suggestions Nunez might undergo medical examinations this weekend but they have been dismissed by the club. The Reds are eager to make the Benfica striker, who could cost up to £85million, their blockbuster signing of the summer but are also in negotiations over the sale of want-away winger Sadio Mane. Uruguayan centre-forward Nunez has been identified as a direct replacement for Mane, who Bayern Munich want to take to Germany this summer. Liverpool have rejected two bids, the second of which was £23.5m up-front with a further £6.5m in unlikely bonus payments, from Bayern as they look for over £40m for the Senegal wide-man. The Daily Mirror now report that Jurgen Klopp's side will wait until Mane's move to the Bundesliga champions is in place to conclude talks to sign Nunez even though progress is being made. Discussions have been held between Liverpool and Benfica with personal terms also agreed with the player on a five-year contract that fits into the club's wage structure. But it's claimed Liverpool are not yet advanced enough in negotiations to be able to schedule a medical. Sources have apparently distanced suggestions that Nunez is flying out from Uruguay to complete the formalities of a switch this weekend. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Man Utd have 'belief' Frenkie de Jong will have medical next weekTottenham have Jesus alternative who would command 'big transfer fee'Chelsea eye two Man Utd transfer targets and 'close in' on Kounde. Instead, they say there is still work to be done with both Bayern and Benfica before Nunez can fly to England to be put through physical fitness tests. Liverpool are still speaking to the Portuguese side over the structure of the deal and how much the add-ons in the deal will amount to, and also how they will be triggered. A deal is expected to be done soon though. Despite interest from elsewhere including from Manchester United, Nunez is determined to move to Anfield and play under Klopp. It is expected he will make up a front three also including Luis Diaz, formerly of Benfica's rivals Porto, and Mohamed Salah. Nunez scored home and away against Liverpool in the Champions League quarter-finals in April. And Liverpool are ready to submit a club-record package to bring the prolific South American to Merseyside, with Klopp a huge admirer of the striker. The 22-year-old ended last season as the Liga Portugal's top goalscorer with 26 strikes and also scored six times in the Champions League. It's hoped he will be able to immediately replace the offensive threat of Mane, 30, who scored 23 goals last term. However Liverpool felt that Bayern's first two bids for Mane were derisory, and think keeping the player an extra 12 months - despite his wish to depart - would make more sense if Bayern do not up their offer. It is expected however that Bayern will make a third improved bid to Liverpool. That's with talismanic striker Robert Lewandowski having made it publicly clear he wants to leave the Allianz Arena to join Barcelona. Mane is seen as the player who can be the new star man for the German giants.