Chelsea are looking to hijack Barcelona's pursuit of Robert Lewandowski in order to replace Romelu Lukaku at the top of the pitch next season, according to reports. The Blues look set to lose Lukaku after just one year at Stamford Bridge, with Inter Milan progressing in talks to bring him back to the San Siro on a temporary basis. Lukaku rejoined Chelsea for a club-record fee last summer but endured a torrid campaign with the Blues, scoring just 15 goals in all competitions. The 29-year-old is seemingly poised to return to Inter on loan over the coming weeks, a development which could leave Chelsea chasing a move for Lewandowski, according to ESPN.It is said that Thomas Tuchel has identified Lewandowski as his first-choice target to succeed Lukaku at the tip of Chelsea's attacking trident when the action gets back underway. The two-time European champions will need to contend with stiff competition from Barcelona, though, in order to secure Lewandowski's signature.The Catalan giants have been targeting Lewandowski for some time and are believed to be in talks with Bayern Munich about the possibility of bringing him to the Nou Camp this summer. However, the two clubs have not been able to strike an agreement over a transfer fee as of yet and Chelsea are reportedly hoping to swoop in before a deal can be reached. JUST IN: Tottenham urged to make three signings but Richarlison warned Barcelona are still determined to land Lewandowski and are preparing to submit a new big-money offer for the 33-year-old in the not-too-distant future, according to Gianluigi Longari. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will be able to jump the queue and snap up the Polish forward for themselves in order to replace Lukaku if he eventually returns to Inter before the summer transfer window slams shut.Lewandowski is known to be keen on leaving Bayern Munich and has already instructed the German heavyweights to fast-track his departure on a number of recent occasions. He is said to be set on joining Barcelona, though, which suggests that Chelsea would need to convince him that a move to Stamford Bridge would be in his best interests. "One thing is certain today, my story with Bayern is over," said Lewandowski, who scored 35 goals in the Bundesliga alone over the course of last season, while on international duty with Poland."After everything that has happened in recent months, I cannot imagine further good co-operation. I realise a transfer will be the best solution for both sides." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here