The disgraced Prince is reportedly attempting to make a return to royal life, as he sees it as his "birthright". Andrew was due to attend the Order of the Garter service last Monday, however, Prince William and Prince Charles reportedly lobbied the Queen to prevent her "favourite son" from appearing in public due to fears of a backlash. Graham Smith, CEO of Republic, told Express.co.uk that if Andrew were to return to public life, it would do "significant damage" to the Monarchy. He added that it would bring the Queen's own "judgement into question" and raise questions about Charles as future King "and why he would tolerate his brother's behaviour".  Prince Andrew stepped down from senior royal duties in 2019 due to the controversy surrounding his friendship with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. In January, the Queen stripped Andrew of his HRH and military titles after Virginia Giuffre brought a civil sexual assault case against him. Ms Giuffre claims that Andrew sexually assaulted her when she was 17, a claim that the Prince vehemently denies. In February, Prince Andrew settled the civil case out of court for an estimated £12 million, with no admission of liability.   Mr Smith added that he believes that if Andrew were to return to royal duties, it would accelerate calls for a republic. He said: "A return for Prince Andrew would likely drive more people away from the monarchy and against the royals. "It would send a dreadful message to victims of sexual abuse and trafficking and do serious damage to whatever progress has been made since the growth of the MeToo movement." According to the latest YouGov poll, 62 percent of Britons believe the UK should continue to have a monarchy, with just 22 percent in favour of an elected head of state instead. READ MORE: Prince Andrew York title fury as residents want it removed  Mr Smith added that a return for Andrew would probably "have an impact felt around the Commonwealth". He said that this would particularly be felt "in countries already moving away from the monarchy, who would not want to be associated in any way with Prince Andrew". However, Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliam's told Express.co.uk that there is no way that Prince Andrew will ever make a return to public life. He said: "Andrew won’t return to public life as a working member of the royal family. There is no public support at all for this, since his Newsnight interview his reputation has totally collapsed. "The Ipsos poll in January put support for him at two percent. "The Royal Family will have to create a role for him out of the public eye which he must accept, as there is no other option." 