Britney Spears, 40, was joined by a string of A-listers as she married her boyfriend, Sam Asghari, 28, yesterday at her Thousand Oaks, California home. This comes less than a year after the Toxic hitmaker was freed from her conservatorship, held against her by her estranged father Jamie Spears. Britney tied the knot yesterday evening in a "very romantic" event, according to sources. Fellow celebrities attended the intimate ceremony including designer Donatella Versace, Paris Hilton and actress Drew Barrymore. According to a US news outlet, the hit singer was wearing a Versace off-the-shoulder dress. Britney previously teased Donatella's involvement with her wedding dress in an Instagram post, dated March. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning  Missing from the wedding was the singer's estranged family, including Jamie Spears and her younger sister Jamie Lynn Spears. However, her brother, Bryan, was reported to have attended the ceremony. This comes after the pop star told the court last year that the guardianship her father held over her meant she was "not able to get married and have a baby". Her father Jamie had previously said the arrangement had been "necessary" for his daughter's mental health, but agreed it was time for her to "re-take control of her life". The arrangement ended in Novemeber and Britney later got pregnant, however, she sadly announced last month she had suffered a miscarriage. Britney's two children were not at the wedding, with her ex-husband Kevin Federline confirming their absence to TMZ. A source quoted by US publication People said the ceremony was to be attended by around "60 guests of those in their close circle". Her wedding was also reported to have been "crashed" when Britney's first husband Jason Alexander tried to attend, leaving him to be charged with four misdemeanours. DON'T MISS... Marilyn Monroe death: Robert Kennedy ‘among last to see her alive' [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen splits from husband Clive [COMMENT] Joan Collins looks captivating as ever in unearthed swimsuit pictures [PICS]  Ventura County Sheriff’s Department has said Jason Alexander, 40, had been charged with two counts of misdemeanor battery, one count of misdemeanour vandalism and one count of misdemeanour trespassing following the incident. Shortly before the incident, Alexander posted an Instagram story from outside her property in which he confirmed he was there to "crash" the wedding. Britney married Jason in 2004 after being friends since childhood, however, the marriage was annulled after just 55 hours. Britney and Sam got engaged in September last year after five years of dating. The pair initially met on the set of her video Slumber Party back in October of 2016 and began dating shortly after. In an interview with BBC Persian, conducted the month before her pregnancy announcement, Sam said that marriage and plans to have children "should have happened three years ago". He added: "When you're in a relationship with someone that you're truly in love with you want to recreate and that is something I want to do. Sam also discussed how "supportive" the world was when Britney's conservatorship struggles came to light.