The Flight Attendant starred The Big Bang Theory actress Kaley Cuoco in a stunning leading role for the first time since the CBS comedy hit concluded with its 12th season. After returning for a second season on HBO Max this year, Kaley sadly doesn’t think the misadventures of Cassie Bowden are likely to continue. Kaley revealed she thinks the second season of The Flight Attendant could be the last time the popular crime caper takes off on HBO. Having become a surprise hit for the prestige streamer at the end of 2020, it wasn’t long before a second season was commissioned. Cassie, now a human asset for the CIA and sober for a year, soon realises someone has been impersonating her when one of her targets is assassinated in Berlin. Throughout season two she suffers more hallucinations and discovers some horrific truths about the last year of her life. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show However, despite proving almost as popular as the first season, Kaley doesn’t think Cassie’s second will open doors for a third instalment any time soon. “We did two, we should probably be done,” the star and executive producer admitted. “I think I’ve been outnumbered with that thought; there’s definitely interest in doing a third season. I think for me, at this moment, the plane has landed.” While execs at HBO may be interested in continuing the story, it appears Kaley has all but left her character behind her after just two seasons. After reaching its season finale just last week, the network reportedly has no plans to continue The Flight Attendant, according to TV Line. Meanwhile, Kaley isn’t completely averse to coming back, she would just have to wrap up her packed schedule of new projects first. She told People.com: “Some of my favourite shows on TV take some time to come back, and then I get very excited about a new season. “I want to make sure that the fans are excited and that we’re not pushing it too hard.” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things season 4: Major plot hole from comics explained [PLOT HOLE]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth on surprise change to season 5 [INSIGHT]NCIS season 20: CBS boss addresses Ducky’s future [LATEST] For now, though, the Big Bang alum is satisfied with what she and the team achieved with the black comedy’s thrilling follow-up. “We’ve done so much this season,” Kaley added. “Even in the eight episodes. “We’ve done so much story that I’m thinking, ‘Well, what could we do next?’ “So it’s going to take a lot of thought to make sure if we go back that it’s better than the last two, which is very hard to do.” It seems The Flight Attendant is grounded for the time being, so don’t expect a new season to surface for at least another couple of years. Plus, after 12 years on The Big Bang Theory and proving her dramatic chops in the HBO hit, Kaley already has several more projects in the pipeline for fans to enjoy. As well as returning for a third season of Harley Quinn, she will star in two comedy films, Meet Cute with Pete Davidson and The Man From Toronto with Kevin Hart and Woody Harrelson. She will also lead the action thriller Role Play, and is developing a limited series based on the life of Hollywood legend Doris Day. The Big Bang Theory is available to stream on Netflix. The Flight Attendant is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and NOW and Sky Go in the UK.