The railway unions and others queuing up to strike are cynically using the cost of living crisis caused by the Covid pandemic and Vladimir Putin’s brutal invasion of the Ukraine as an excuse to protect their members’ standard of living. It is one of the more ludicrous propositions since their wage and conditions demands, if conceded, would give a new twist to the inflationary spiral, thereby damaging their own members and the working class for whom they wage class war. But their real motive – and to hell with the electorate - is to get rid of this Tory Government and replace it with a Labour administration to do their undemocratic bidding as its paymasters. We know how much resistance to the Hard Left Labour would summon up. It cannot bring itself to disown the strikes and some Labour MPs even try to justify them. We also know how much tender loving care the Hard Left would bring to what was left of our democracy. They cannot condemn Putin’s brutal assault on Ukrainians and some, even to this day, extol his name. You have been warned: their aim is a Soviet-style dictatorship with them doing the dictating. If this were not bad enough, we have the Remainers across all parties thirsting for Boris Johnson’s blood in the belief that with him ousted the route back into European Union bondage would be clear. In other words, they seek to overturn the decisive Brexit referendum in 2016. It is therefore a mystery how they can resist another Scottish referendum when earlier the Scots rejected independence supposedly for at least a generation. Not much respect, it seems, on either side of the border for democracy. How they can equate the EU with democracy is a mystery. This Franco/German ramp is bent on a federal United States of Europe run by unelected bureaucrats that nobody has voted for. Look where we would have been with Covid vaccination without Brexit. And just imagine the pressures on Boris to dither over the Ukraine from inside the undemocratic, corrupt, expensive and pretentious EU. We are undoubtedly a stronger nation in the eyes of the world thanks to Brexit. And the EU is undoubtedly weakened by its Ukraine performance that has brought an East-West EU split. Yet the Remainers, in their contempt for democracy, still lust after membership of a manifestly failing institution. While all these attempts to overturn our democracy are in full swing we are saddled with a wokerati who are in fact the antithesis of a free society in pursuing censorship, the re-writing of history and the imposition of their will on the majority. Their daily absurdities know no bounds. Their imperviousness to ridicule dangerous. Their zealotry is a menace to our democracy. Then we turn to Parliament itself – the supposed bastion of our liberal democracy. Party loyalty has never been up to much and collective responsibility all too often honoured in the breach. In a curious way, Labour (which now has no idea what it stands for) has always been softer on its leaders than the Tories who are now behaving to type in persisting with having Boris’s head, if only for having drinks with his office team strictly against the Covid restrictions. You would not think that Boris led his party to its best election performance since Margaret Thatcher’s 1987 landslide and ended the nightmare prospect of a Jeremy Corbyn government. Nor that he has brought us through – admittedly expensively – a Covid pandemic that nearly claimed his life. Still less is there any recognition of his world leadership over the Ukraine. Instead, for nefarious reasons, they seek to get rid of a Prime Minister whose first two years have been as testing and traumatic as they could get. In other words, they are usurping the electorate’s right to choose its own government and leader for their own narrow ends. It is an abuse of democracy. If we can’t rely on our elected politicians to uphold democracy, we’re lost. Britain needs the smack of firm government as never before. Come on, Boris, rise to the occasion again.