The claim was made by Regis Gente, an author of two books on Russia, and Mikhail Rubin, who has covered Russia for over a decade, in a Thursday report for the French news magazine Paris Match. The article suggests the responsibility for collecting Putin’s poop falls on the Federal Protection Service (FPS).  The FPS are the department tasked with protecting Putin and other government officials. The report claimed that each time Putin needs to go, an FSO agent places his faeces in a specialised bag so it can be returned to Russia in a suitcase. According to the report, collections happened on Putin’s trip to France on May 29, 2017, and during his October 2019 trip to Saudi Arabia. It is suggested to be an effort to reduce the risk of foreign powers discovering information about Putin’s health that could be contained in the DNA.  Journalist Farida Rustamova, appeared to agree with the report, saying on Twitter that she was aware of a similar incident in Vienna and citing a further source who said Putin had carried out the practice for years. Of late, there has been much speculation the 69-year-old despot is unwell after missing a series of routine events, with some reports claiming he is being treated for a number of serious conditions. In the past, this method has appeared to be used as a real intelligence technique. In 2016, a former Soviet Union agent said he discovered evidence that Joseph Stalin attempted to spy on China’s Chairman Mao and other officials by analysing their excrement.  READ MORE: 'Emboldened' Putin to unleash army on 'weak' Europe British spies also went through toilet paper used by Soviet troops in East Germany during the Cold War, according to British military expert Tony Geraghty. Reuters reported in February that French President Emmanuel Macron refused to take a COVID-19 test ahead of an in-person meeting to avoid his DNA being collected. Putin’s latest public appearance at the St Petersburg International Economic Forum has left many surprised and questioning the Russian President's health. The Russian President was seen “slumped” in his chair and left his clothes “askew” in his latest public appearance, a body language expert said.  DON'T MISS:'Coup de grace' for Brexit deal as legal ruling exposes loophole [INSIGHT]Putin health fears as Russian leader given 'urgent medical assistance' [PICTURES]Brexit LIVE: Truss poised with 'get out of jail card' to escape deal [LIVE] Putin’s tie and shirt were pointing in opposite directions when he sat down for a Q&A session at the St Petersburg International Economic Forum. Body language expert Judi James said the “smug” despot could have been trying to look like a “celebrating victor” amid the ongoing war in Ukraine. She told The Mirror: “For a man who is usually immaculately dressed, his pose has left his tie askew and his shirt seems to be gaping between the buttons. “At one point he appears aware of the way his belly is in one direction and his tie in another, pulling his tie back over the front of his shirt even though he seems perfectly comfortable with this sign of disruption. This style of smugness combined with humour and a laid-back pose seems to suggest a man who finds irony or sarcasm in the current global state of tension and threat.” 