Economist Gerard Lyons is understood to have made the recommendation to the Prime Minister during a private meeting at Downing Street back on May 23. Also said to have been in attendance was the Downing Street Chief of Staff Steve Barclay, Cabinet Secretary Simon Case and a selection of other Number 10 and Number 11 officials. Mr Lyons worked with Mr Johnson back when he was the Mayor of London. https://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/2022/06/08/boris-johnson-ignored-economic-advisers-calls-suspend-green/ According to the Telegraph, Mr Lyons said: “You need to offset the impact of high fuel prices. “This could include cutting VAT on domestic energy, cutting fuel duties further and — without undermining your green credentials — temporarily suspending the environmental levy.” Similar calls have been made recently by Tory backbenchers, who particularly want to see “net zero” taxes cut amid the current cost-of-living crisis. As part of their “Build Back Greener” strategy, the Government has set out the goal of decarbonising all the sectors of the UK economy in order to reach a net zero emissions target by the year 2050. Both Downing Street and the Treasury have been resisting demands to pick up any of the three suggestions for offsetting the effects of high fuel prices. It is understood that tax changes will not be considered until the November budget is drawn up later this year. This is even though cutting VAT on energy bills was something that Mr Johnson himself called for when he campaigned for Brexit. This move was rejected earlier this year under the rationale that it would only offer very limited relief amid soaring living costs. Chancellor Rishi Sunak did announce a five pence cut in fuel duty back in March, however, it remains to be seen for how long this reduction will be held in effect. READ MORE: UK to LEAD ‘new era’ of energy with fusion breakthrough In the UK, so-called “green levies” are part of the “environmental and social obligation costs” paid by consumers via large energy suppliers to fund various energy policies. The latter funds not only large-scale renewable energy policies but also measures to improve the energy efficiency of homes and businesses and also Feed in Tariffs paid to households that generate surplus electricity from renewable sources like solar panels. They also help to fund the Warm Home Discount, which offers rebates on energy bills to low-income households. Based on Ofgem figures, the charity Full Fact has calculated that green levies account for around 7.8 percent of the average direct debit energy customer’s bill. DON'T MISS:Antarctica researchers stunned as 'hidden world' discovered under ice [ANALYSIS]US sends Putin warning with ‘historic’ hypersonic missile test [INSIGHT]Alien life breakthrough: NASA head CONFIRMS belief [REPORT] In the UK, so-called “green levies” are part of the “environmental and social obligation costs” paid by consumers via large energy suppliers to fund various energy policies. The latter funds not only large-scale renewable energy policies but also measures to improve the energy efficiency of homes and businesses and also Feed in Tariffs paid to households that generate surplus electricity from renewable sources like solar panels. They also help to fund the Warm Home Discount, which offers rebates on energy bills to low-income households. Based on Ofgem figures, the charity Full Fact has calculated that green levies account for around 7.8 percent of the average direct debit energy customer’s bill. Mr Lyons’ proposals would have seen the UK follow in the footsteps of Germany, which slashed its own environmental levy — the “renewable electricity surcharge” — by around 43 percent at the beginning of this year. The move was announced in mid-October last year in order to offer German taxpayers relief amid soaring electricity prices, which have been driven in turn by increasing gas prices. Last year, the levy made up more than 20 percent of the average German household’s electricity bill — with money from the surcharge fed into a fund used to boost investment in solar and wind power projects by guaranteeing prices for renewable supplies for 20 years. German think-tank Agora Energiewende’s Thorsten Lenck told Euractiv that “the reduction of the German Renewable Energy Sources Act levy will help stabilise electricity prices for private households and the vast majority of companies in Germany in 2022.” Express.co.uk has approached Number 10 for comment.