Isle of Man TT rider Paul Jordan has opened up on an unusual incident which left him with facial injuries after he struck a low-flying pigeon at 190mph. Jordan earned his first Isle of Man TT podium on Wednesday, which was a welcome high point after coming face-to-face with the bird, quite literally, earlier in the week. "It has been a hell of a week, and this [podium] just tops off the story," said Jordan. "I was going down Sulby Straight and a bird thought it would be a great idea to smash itself into me, smashed me square in the face in the visor and took it off. "I was going down Sulby Straight with a pile of bird guts in my mouth, a bloody nose, a bust lip and whatever else. I was tucked in behind another competitor. He ducked and the bird went straight through my visor on my helmet, and now I am left with two shiners." Slow motion video footage gave viewers a true sense of the incident as feathers were left scattered all over the track, and Jordan was forced to continue on the infamously treacherous circuit nursing a battered and bruised face. Even so, at such high speeds it seems as though the pigeon would have come off worse. Jordan is held to be one of the up and coming stars at the TT - famed for its tight and twisting near-38 mile track which is as enthralling as it is unforgiving. On Wednesday, the Northern Irishman claimed his first ever TT podium as he finished behind Peter Hickman and Lee Johnston in the Benetts Supertwin race. On the success, Jordan said: "It is unbelievable. I saw Michael [Dunlop] going out and I knew I was in fourth or fifth, so I just said 'keep pushing on' and we'll see. Then I saw the board going up to say I was third and I nearly put my fist through the tank. I am lost for words. I can't wait for the rest of the races." Perhaps unsurprisingly, 30-year-old Jordan is not the first TT rider to have a high-speed meeting with a member of the Isle of Man's rich birdlife as Ian Hutchinson struck a seagull 10 years ago. The rider had his windscreen shattered by the unfortunate clash, which occurred at around 170mph, but somehow the bird came away with no more than a broken wing. 