Denise Welch has admitted she was left “desperate” to be a grandmother after a conversation with legendary actor Michael Caine. The Loose Women panellist revealed she doesn’t want to put any pressure on her sons, but she would love to have grandchildren while she is “young enough to enjoy” them. Denise, 64, recalled a conversation with Alfie actor Michael. “Michael Caine said to me — and it’s one of my favourite quotes — ‘Grandchildren fill a hole in your heart you didn’t know was there,’” she said. “I’m desperate for a little baby in my life. I don’t want to put pressure on the kids. “We have three boys and I want them all to continue to fly, but I would love to think that I will have a grandchild while I’m young enough to enjoy it,” she added to Platinum Magazine. Waterloo Road star Denise has two sons from her marriage to ex-husband Tim Healy. The former couple were married nearly 25 years before the couple split in 2012. Many may know their eldest son Matty Healy, 33, as the frontman for The 1975, and they also share son Louis, 21, who stars in Emmerdale. Her current husband Lincoln Townley also has a 30-year-old son named Lewis. Denise recently referred to herself as a “grandmother” when Matty and his girlfriend, singer FKA Twigs, bought a dog together. Loose Women host Charlene White began: “Denise, I’d like to talk about your exciting news because you became a grandmother. “I did!” Denise replied. “As you all know I’ve made no secret of the fact that I’m desperate, desperate for a grandchild,” she continued, before staring into the camera and repeating her sons’ names. DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [PICTURES]Tearful Fern Britton admits her children 'kept me alive' in dark times [ADMISSION]Paul O'Grady urged to move house after finding 'cursed' item in garden [WARNING] “Anyway, Matty and Twigs, his girlfriend, have got a little dog,” she added. “This little dog, I just don’t know. I don’t know whether I did feel a pull because it’s Matty’s dog!” Her fellow panellists then chuckled as they teased Denise for introducing her “grand-dog” on social media. Opening up about her children in an interview with the Metro, Denise reflected on how her battle with alcoholism affected them. "My kids are very proud of me,” she said. "It's been a struggle, I tend not to talk too much about Matty because he has his own career going on, we've talked a lot about how he was affected by my drinking. "It was more so Matty because Louis was about nine when we got sober, so it's almost like I've had two single children because there are 12 years between them. "It's hard, you know. It's hard for kids because you can't remember a lot of it, even though I was functioning. "And there were also brilliant times, I don't want people to think I was a person slurring their way around both of their kids' childhood, that's not the case."