According to reports, the fire was raging and thick black clouds were billowing into the sky at a plant in Odintsovo. Ukrainian media reported that the blaze struck a paint and varnish plant on Transportny Proyezd with explosions heard.  The claim was confirmed by the Odintsovo city surveillance service on messaging service Telegram, according to news outlet Euroweekly. A post from the account said: "The hangar of a paint and varnish factory is on fire. "Rescue services are already on site. According to eyewitnesses, explosions were heard, after which smoke poured." Ukrainian news outlet Apostrophe posted video on social media, adding: "Powerful fire at a paint and varnish factory in Odintsovo, Moscow region."    It shows thick, black smoke filling the sky and what appears to be an explosion. Russian media outlets reported that a 54-year-old resident of Odintsovo had doused and set fire to a car decorated with the pro-Russian Z symbol. Express.co.uk has not been able to independently verify any of the claims. Reports of the fire led the Strategic Communications Directorate of Ukraine's Armed Forces to tweet: "Cotton was made at the plant in Odintsovo, Moscow region.  READ MORE ABOUT A GIRL, 13, BRANDISHING A KNIFE IN A FIGHT  "I wonder what caused the fire in the minds of Russian propagandists this time?" The fire comes after dozens of army enlistment offices, railways and police cars were torched in an apparent violent protest at Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Video footage of one incident shared on Telegram shows a hooded man hurling molotov cocktails at a recruitment centre in Siberia. Blazes at coal plants, munitions factories, industrial buildings and research centres have also broken out since the war began on February 24.  DON'T MISS: Sidelined Prince Andrew has 'no chance of redemption' [REPORT] Princess Anne's son joins Camilla and Charles in Ascot carriage ride [REVEALED] Prince Andrew's plans to use Falklands War events for royal return [LATEST]  Most of the fires happened close to Ukraine’s border with one hitting an ammunition depot 25 miles inside Russia - and less than 50 miles from Kharkiv - on March 29. Other blazes were further afield, including one 2,600 miles from Ukraine in Berdsk, which neighbours Kazakhstan in Central Asia. Dramatic footage shared on social media showed the town’s chemical plant engulfed in a huge cloud of black smoke. An airbase near the port city of Vladivostok and a coal plant on the island of Sakhalin have also been damaged in fires.  Former Russian Duma member and anti-Putin activist Ilya Ponomarev has said of the blazes on Telegram: "It’s happening everywhere, and that’s why nobody can say that it’s the work of Ukrainian intelligence or Ukrainian saboteurs." He added: "Ukrainians could carry out some acts of sabotage close to the border, but they are not doing this in Vladivostok – obviously, it was Russians who did this." Ukrainian racecar driver Igor Sushko, who posts photos and videos on Twitter of alleged sabotage acts inside Russia, has said: "Russian saboteurs against Putin continue their heroic work."  News of the most recent, reported blaze comes as US Under Secretary of Defence for Policy Colin Kahl said on Tuesday that Putin is likely to still want to capture much if not all of Ukraine but has had to narrow his tactical objectives in the war. He said: "I still think he has designs on a significant portion of Ukraine, if not the whole country. That said, I do not think he can achieve those objectives. "They may make tactical gains here and there. The Ukrainians are holding up. I do not think the Russians have the capacity to achieve those grandiose objectives." 