Gwyneth Paltrow, 49, and Coldplay star Chris Martin, 45, were pictured together as they attended their daughter Apple’s graduation. The pair have been divorced since 2016 but reunited yesterday to celebrate their 18-year-old daughter’s big day. The proud parents could be seen smiling next to Apple in a picture shared by Gwyneth on social media. The snap, posted in view of Gwyneth’s 8million followers, showed Chris in the middle of both women wrapping his arms around them. The trio looked happy as they smiled for the camera in their formal outfits. Gwyneth captioned the shot: “Congratulations to all of the graduates especially @applemartin.” She also added a sticker that read: “Class of 2022.” Gwyneth and Chris met for the first time backstage at a Coldplay concert in 2002. On December 5, 2003, the couple wed in California and Gwyneth gave birth to Apple, their first child in 2004. On April 8, 2006, the couple welcomed their second child, Moses, into the world. However, the pair decided to end their 10-year marriage in March 2014. The graduation ceremony marked the second big milestone Apple celebrated in just three weeks. On May 14, Apple turned 18, with Gwyneth penning a heartfelt reflection on her Instagram. The Sliding Doors star shared a photo of her daughter looking at herself in the mirror as she expressed how “proud” she was. DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson reacts as EU flag flown amid Queen's Platinum Jubilee [UPDATE]Carol Kirkwood's blunt reply to BBC shake-up claims [LATEST]Gary Lineker slammed for jibe about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial [INSIGHT] She typed: “18. I’m a bit of a loss for words this morning. “I could not be more proud of the woman you are. “You are everything I could have dreamed of and so much more. “Proud doesn’t cover it, my heart swells with feelings I can’t put into words. You are deeply extraordinary in every way.” Gwyneth continued: “Happy birthday my darling girl. “I hope you know how special you are, and how much light you have brought to all who are lucky enough to know you. “Especially me. I say it all the time and I will never stop… in the words of auntie Drew, I was born the day you were born.” The film star signed off the message: “I love you. Mama.”