Formula 1 star Lewis Hamilton has hit back at claims he ‘criticised’ the FIA for the rain-soaked delays that derailed the start of the Monaco Grand Prix. The iconic race was delayed for around an hour before it got started amid a sudden and unexpected downfall of rain. Red Bull star Sergio Perez - who has signed a two-year extension with the Milton Keynes-based team - secured the monumental win on Sunday, with the Mexican taking advantage of Ferrari’s erroneous strategy. The Italians threw away what would have been a sure-fire win after they locked out the front row, with Charles Leclerc falling from pole to fourth. Leclerc’s Ferrari teammate Carlos Sainz finished second, sandwiched between the two Red Bulls on the podium. These events unfolded after the dramatic start of the race, which has led to stark criticism directed at the FIA, the sport’s governing body. The FIA were heavily criticised after race director Eduardo Freitas delayed the start of the race due to rain, and Hamilton was among several drivers who said they could have started the Monaco Grand Prix before the rain got too heavy. The 37-year-old thought the FIA was too conservative and concerned that drivers had not done any wet running up to that point. READ MORE: Verstappen rejects IndyCar and triple crown - 'Not going to risk life' However, Hamilton has quashed reports that he hit out at the FIA in the aftermath of the Monte-Carlo race though. He took to social media to set the record straight to his 28.3 million followers. “So the media are saying I criticised the FIA for the last race but it’s absolute rubbish,” Hamilton wrote on his Instagram story. “I thought they did a great job at the weekend. “Could we have started the race when it was meant to start? Probably, but then they would have had to stop it soon after. We raced when it was safe and that’s what’s most important. Please don’t use me to create a negative narrative.” DON'T MISSNaomi Campbell and Heidi Klum lead star-studded Grand Prix in MonacoToto Wolff aims dig at Fernando Alonso after Lewis Hamilton held upKit Harington gives rare insight into family life with Rose Leslie Hamilton finished eighth in Monaco, while teammate George Russell finished fifth as Mercedes struggled around the principality. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in Baku on June 12.