Newcastle have turned their focus to Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin after giving up on the pursuit Bayern Leverkusen star Moussa Diaby. They were in the race to land the £60million-rated star alongside fellow Premier League sides Tottenham, Arsenal and Manchester United. The Magpies were reportedly put off by his whopping price tag, despite the Frenchman being one of the standout stars in Germany in recent seasons with the striker finishing the Bundesliga season as the seventh player with most goals scored (13) in 25 appearances, while assisting another 12. After suffering that setback, Eddie Howe has now turned his attention to Calvert-Lewin. As reported by The Telegraph last month, Newcastle were hopeful of sealing the signing of England international but things have slowly advanced. Everton are understood to not want to let one of their highly-rated players go, especially to a direct rival. However, the Magpies will continue to monitor his situation as they look for a backup option to Callum Wilson who has spent most of the campaign injured. Calvert-Lewin, meanwhile, only made 14 appearances after returning at the turn of the year following toe and quadriceps problems.  JUST IN:  The striker is set to enter his sixth season at Goodison Park after his £1.5m move from Sheffield United in 2016. Although the Toffees are unlikely to allow him to leave, Howe’s side plan to press the situation with a formal bid in the hope that the player agrees to switch to St James’ Park.   It remains unknown how much the Magpies will offer as their opening bid. The Toffees striker is contracted at Goodison Park until 2025 with his current market value believed to be around £37.8m as per Transfer Markt.  Calvert-Lewin didn’t enjoy his full potential last season, as he spent most of the campaign on the side lines injured and scoring just five goals. Everton boss Frank Lampard, who previously addressed the transfer links, ensured the striker was "absolutely focussed" on the club. "He has not said anything to me like that," the 43-year-old said last month. READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting "He trains well and we speak a lot, and he’s said nothing like that. I’m not silly, this is football and he’s a player that would be wanted by clubs because of the level of player he is.    "There are not many strikers out there. They cost a lot of money. I am not worried about him at all and I wouldn’t be worried about playing him in these games. He is absolutely focused on the job. He’s been a big player for Everton and Everton have been a big club for him in his career.   "He has three years left on his contract, and I want to take this club forward. Players like Dominic help that. I know he hasn’t been playing at the minute because he’s been getting fit but now, he’s fit so hopefully he’ll contribute in these last few games for starters."