The Railway station cafe boss racted to the possibility of a longer strike due to unsuccessful negotiation talks and claimed strike action is “very bad news” for businesses operating at rail stations as it will result in an “absolute loss of sales”. He warned further strikes could “discourage" people from using the rail network as he argued “the world has changed after the pandemic” and more workers are now able to work from home. Mr Garnell told LBC: “[The strike] is obviously very bad news. “It is an absolute loss of sales. “Unfortunately when people come back, if they do come back next week, they won’t buy two coffees in the morning. “We are a relatively small business. The sadness from our point of view is the sort of structural damage that this does to a rail network that’s sort of reeling back from the pandemic. “The world has changed [after the pandemic]. “The fact that rail numbers last week were back at somewhere a little bit north of 80 percent of where they were is because people want to come. “It is actually still a very efficient way of moving people around the country. READ MORE: Study says Brexit leaves Brits poorer as cost of living crisis bites “So the sadness of all of this is that people who have chosen to return are now being effectively discouraged from doing so.” Referring to this week’s strikes, he warned: “Today will be interesting. “In theory, the network goes back to normal but only in the sense of the number of trains that are running. “It won’t be normal in terms of costumers because people have gotten the message loud and clear. “Don’t go in the train station which week. “I’m assuming that unless the white smoke goes up from the talks, Thursday and Saturday will as dire as it was yesterday”. DON'T MISS: Tory MPs boycott by-election over 'anti-Brexit' candidate [WATCH]Brexit Britain starts talks for £35BN trade pact set to be envy of EU [LISTEN]Pensions set to rise by 10 percent with triple lock reinstated [INSIGHT] The chaos in stations will continue today as only 60 percent of trains are expected to run due to a delay to the start of services as rail workers are not doing overnight shifts. Talks between RMT union and Network Rail are also expected to resume today. The updates came as RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said that RMT members who yesterday joined the picket line “have shown outstanding unity”. He said: “Our members will continue the campaign and have shown outstanding unity in the pursuit of a settlement to this dispute. “RMT members are leading the way for all workers in this country who are sick and tired of having their pay and conditions slashed by a mixture of big business profits and government policy. “Now is the time to stand up and fight for every single railway worker in this dispute that we will win”. READ NEXT: Britons fighting for life after horror moped crashRMT slammed for striking over outdated rules‘SNP hypocrisy’ Sturgeon and Blackford shamed over party rule changeGB News: Panellist argues ‘everyone deserves a pay rise’Ukraine: Zelensky hits jackpot with new fighter jet deal