Tottenham have appointed former Bolton defender Gretar Steinsson as performance director in a major addition to the club’s hierarchy, according to reports. Steinsson will apparently work closely with managing director of football Fabio Paratici. The 40-year-old, who made 126 Premier League appearances during his career, will have a role across the first-team and the academy at Spurs. It is Steinsson’s first job since leaving Everton last December. He was No.2 to former Toffees director of football Marcel Brands but the pair departed last year in a big reshuffle behind the scenes at Goodison Park. The ex-Iceland international apparently has a strong reputation within the industry. Spurs have appointed Steinsson to work closely with Paratici. The move is part of a few changes to the backroom team at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. JUST IN: Frenkie de Jong handed extra incentive for Man Utd transfer Following Steinsson’s arrival, Spurs also hope to give a prominent role in the academy to former Anderlecht coach Simon Davies, according to The Athletic. Davies, a former Manchester United midfielder, worked alongside Vincent Kompany at the Belgian side and previously held a position at Manchester City. Steinsson’s role will see him oversee areas of the first-team and the academy, while Davies will take a top job in the youth set-up. Paratici is making key appointments ahead of a busy summer, in which Spurs are preparing for their first Champions League campaign since 2019-20. Antonio Conte is expected to welcome several new signings ahead of next term. Spurs have been linked with left-sided centre-backs and forwards, while the club are also believed to be interested in bringing in a midfielder. DON'T MISS...Harry Kane fires warning to Erling Haaland and Darwin NunezArsenal confirm first summer signing as 'player for future' arrivesLineker explains why Haaland's Man City move is a 'seminal moment' Inter Milan defender Alessandro Bastoni was strongly suggested as a possible Spurs signing but will remain with the Serie A side, according to his agent. Tullio Tinti told journalists last week: “Bastoni will certainly remain at Inter. “He has a contract with Inter, he is happy to play at Inter and there's no problem. I respect contracts. If they call me, there's no problem.” Spurs have already added Bastoni’s former Inter team-mate Ivan Perisic to Conte’s squad. The 34-year-old ran down his contract with the Italian outfit and has moved to North London. Upon signing last week, Perisic said: “From the first time I was in contact with the coach and sporting director I told them that I really wanted to come here. Ever since 2009, when I started playing professional football in Belgium, I was so close a few times to coming to the Premier League and, at last, this is the moment. I can’t wait.