Rory McIlroy was in stitches at his own joke as he left the practice range at Muirfield Village on Saturday. Whilst he was warming up for Saturday's third round of the 2022 Memorial Tournament at the famous Scottish venue, McIlroy left Nick Faldo red-faced following an hillarious exchange between the pair and gold analyst Colt Knost.  McIlroy was hitting balls as normal when Knost, himself a former pro player, took a close look at the launch monitor to the right of the four-time major champion. Also on hand was Faldo, who himself is now involved in punditry following an iconic career which yielded three Masters and three Open Championship titles. “That’s all you need is Colt Knost in your blipping backswing while you’re trying to warm up,” Faldo said, in a manner more mischievous than malicious. “Put you right off your day, wouldn’t it?” Faldo said. “I would have him removed back in the day. Swiftly.” McIlroy, who seemingly missed a golden opportunity to end his major drought at the recent US PGA Championship that was won by American player Justin Thomas, then approached Knost. The two spoke in whispers, before the analyst loudly ordered “Say something really insulting about Nick." JUST IN: Tiger Woods' rival lauds PGA and Masters progress with 'the state' golf legend has been in After a brief pause, the Northern Irishman then delivered his punchline: “I don’t have to. Everyone else is," he said. Knost, and announcer Steve Sands immediately burst into laughter, and the star himself eventually doubled-over in delight. As for Faldo, 64, he seemed bemused by it all, having not heard the jibe sent his way. “What’s that?” he said. "I missed it." The exchange was posted on Twitter by @dj_lantz11 and unsurprisingly, went down well with followers. DON'T MISS:How much Dustin Johnson and co stand to earn at controversial first LIV Golf Series eventJon Rahm almost hits female TV worker accidentally as he throws club in frustrationDustin Johnson's Saudi league decision raises huge fears - 'Turn golf upside down'  "Great golfers, great jabs in jest!" wrote @digitaldoc69, while Knost himself reposted the tweet with the line "That was amazing!!!" Lantz himself said "This was too good not to share…" Ahead of Sunday's final round, McIlroy was tied for 15th in the event, sitting on four under. He'll have his work cut out to catch leader Billy Horschel, who is nine ahead of him on 13 under par.