Last Friday, June 17, Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway celebrated her 18th birthday in a gala attended by a slew of European royals. One of these was the 18-year-old Princess Catharina-Amalia, who looked stunning at the event. In a portrait taken of five young European royals, Catharina-Amalia made her tiara debut in the Dutch Star Tiara. This was a “rather sentimental choice”, according to the jewellery experts at The Court Jeweller. This is because Catharina-Amalia’s mother, Queen Maxima, donned the tiara on her wedding day decades ago. Maxima married Willem-Alexander on February 2, 2002, wearing a beautiful ivory gown by Valentino. READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem The gown was made of silk and featured a cowl neckline, three-quarter sleeves, and a 16-foot-long lace train. Maxima completed her look with a diamond tiara, securing her veil in place. Interestingly, this was also the tiara Catharina-Amalia’s grandmother, Princess Beatrix, wore for her inauguration in 1980. However, the tiara looked a little different then as, instead of stars, it featured pearls.  Maxima had the tiara altered to feature the stars, which were originally brooches that were passed down generations of the Dutch Royal Family. The brooches were first given to Queen Emma of the Netherlands when she married King Willem III in 1879. It is not known why Maxima decided to swap the pearls in her wedding tiara for these star brooches, but she seemed to prefer them to the original features. Catharina-Amalia also seems to be a fan of the Dutch Star Tiara if she chose this jewel specifically for her debut last week. The tiara has made many appearances over the years, as Maxima also wore it to the wedding of Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary of Denmark in 2004. She wore it frequently during the early years of her marriage, according to The Court Jeweller, but in more recent years, she has only worn it once for a public outing: for a dinner during the 2013 Israeli state visit. Since her inauguration, Princess Beatrix has also worn the tiara, most notably for a diplomatic reception in 2015. She paired it with an extravagant ice blue dress with tin foil-like puffy sleeves. Royal fans were quick to comment on Catharina-Amalia’s look for her fellow European Princess, Ingrid, last Friday. The young royal wore a pink, floor-length gown with long, cut-out sleeves. Twitter user @DeniseP46261171 wrote: “They all look so beautiful.” User @MaryJ1309 commented: “So lovely.” User @WGirl2022 said: “Amazing photo.” User @DebbyCASTLE2 added: “So beautiful.”