Jada Pinkett Smith, 50, and her husband Will Smith, 53, saw themselves at the centre of scrutiny earlier this year after the Fresh Prince of Bel Air slapped Chris Rock across the face at the Oscars 2022 ceremony. The reaction was sparked after the comic made a 'G.I Jane' joke about Jada, who suffers from alopecia. Following the incident, Will apologised profusely but was banned from the Oscars and any other event hosted by the Academy for the next ten years. Jada did not immediately directly address the controversial moment, other than to say it was a "time for healing". However, the actress has now broken her silence during Wednesday’s episode of her Red Table Talk show, where she discusses alopecia. During the instalment’s opening, Jada explained that after the incident, fans reached out to her to tell her their stories about alopecia. Introducing the topic, Jada said: “This is a really important Red Table Talk on alopecia. “Considering what I’ve been through with my own health and what happened at the Oscars, thousands have reached out to me with their stories. “I’m using this moment to give our alopecia family an opportunity to talk about what it’s like to have this condition and to inform people what alopecia actually is.” Jada went on to say she hoped Chris and Will could talk about the tense Oscars moment and “reconcile”. She said: “Now about Oscar night, my deepest hope is that these two intelligent, capable men have an opportunity to heal, talk this out, and reconcile. “The state of the world today, we need them both. And we actually all need one another more than ever. “Until then, Will and I are continuing to do what we have done for the last 28 years, and that’s keep figuring out this thing called life together.” Will took to social media in the days following the slap to issue a public apology in view of his 64.5 million followers. DON'T MISS...Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikini [PHOTOS]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [LATEST] He said he “deeply regrets” his behaviour at the star-studded ceremony and that he is “a work in progress”. Will also explained why the joke was “too much for [him] to bear” and why he lashed out the way he did. He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong." Will continued: ”I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. “I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. "I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us. “I am a work in progress. Sincerely, Will.”