With coronavirus restrictions being lifted at airports across the world and holiday destinations now open to Brits everywhere, it's no wonder Google has seen a huge surge in diets. In fact, it's shot up by a whopping 173 percent since December last year. But with so many on the market, it's can be a minefield for many to figure out what works best for them, not to mention the amount of time and effort it takes. Some diets can be too hard to stick to with strict and restrictive elements that promise weight loss results. But there are some diets that have been proven to work and don't impose too harsh a challenge. With this surge in diet searches creating a wave of interest in the nutrition world, Chemist4U conducted a study that analysed the most popular diets that are hailed by slimmers across the nation. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake The Mediterranean diet is a way of eating that's based on the traditional cuisines of Greece, Italy and other countries that border the Mediterranean Sea. It is often jam-packed with plant-based foods, such as whole grains, vegetables, legumes, fruits, nuts, seeds, herbs and spices. And as a loyal follower of the diet, Dr Gabelman, an assistant clinical professor of medicine at Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons, couldn't be more impressed with it. "I tell my patients that even though it’s called the Mediterranean diet, it really should be called the ‘Mediterranean way of life,’” he said. "Diets are usually something that you do that is short-lived, or very specific, and you can’t stay on them for long. "The Mediterranean diet isn’t a 30-day fast or a 10-day no-carb diet, and you don’t need to bring a salad in a brown bag if you go out to a restaurant. "It’s a healthy way of living that you can stick to for the rest of your life." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] One review compared seven popular diets and found that Atkins was most likely to result in significant weight loss after six to 12 months. Plus, 75 percent of the studies indicated that Atkins may be effective for long-term weight loss. The Atkins diet is low-carb, with the theory that as a person reduce carbs, their body will be prompted to use fat for fuel, resulting in weight loss from this fat-burning metabolism. Researchers say people should expect to see significant results within 14 days of starting the diet. A person on the meal plan will eat fruits, vegetables, whole grain, low-fat dairy foods, poultry, fish, nuts, and beans, but they will limit their intake of red meat, fat, sugar, and salt. Foods should be low in sodium, saturated and trans fats, rich in fibre, protein, magnesium, calcium, and potassium. Despite the positive weight loss feedback, experts have explained the Atkins diet is "not a good all-purpose diet" for long-term weight loss. The diet that has been ranked first both for "Best Weight Loss Diet" (tied with the Flexitarian Diet) and "Best Commercial Diet Plan" in the 2021 rankings from US News & World Report, overall the WW diet has a ing list of success stories. They are personalised programs that focus on wellness and building healthy habits. Although their point system emphasises whole, unprocessed foods, including vegetables, fruits, and lean proteins, no foods are off-limits. Members can choose any foods they want as long as they stay under their daily SmartPoints allotment. After analysing the diet, dietician Melissa Mitri was impressed with what she found and recommended it to her clients. "As a registered dietitian and weight loss expert, I would recommend WW as a healthy, flexible, and more balanced approach to weight loss," she said. "There are studies that show one-third of the participants on WW achieved greater than a five percent weight loss, which is considered clinically significant for health."