Summer Game Fest 2022 is just hours away from launching, and with no E3 this year the upcoming live stream is one you won't want to miss. The event hosted and created by Geoff Keighley is taking place on Thursday June 9 with all the action kicking off from 7pm UK time. You will be able to live stream Summer Game Fest 2022 on YouTube, with Express.co.uk including an embedded video of this below... In terms of what could get announced during Summer Game Fest, it has already been confirmed that Modern Warfare 2 will make an appearance - following the big worldwide reveal the day before. Gameplay footage of the campaign for the upcoming new Call of Duty game - which is launching in October - will be revealed for the first time. It has also been confirmed that games such as The Callisto Protocol, Warhammer 40,000: Darktide and One Piece Odyssey will appear during the Summer Game Fest showcase. Elsewhere, rumours - which should take with a pinch of salt - about what else could be announced are swirling around. High-profile games such as God of War Ragnarok, the much rumoured return of Silent Hill and Overdose could all feature during Summer Game Fest.  Overdose is reportedly the next game from Metal Gear Solid visionary Hideo Kojima, and this is allegedly a new horror game starring Death Stranding and Maid actress Margaret Qualley. Given Kojima-san and Keighley's close relationship, it stands to reason that Overdose could get unveiled at Summer Game Fest. The Game Awards was previously the place where new trailers for Death Stranding premiered, so past form could indicate Summer Game Fest is where Overdose will be unveiled for the very first time. However, the rumour mill has claimed that Kojima's next game will be an Xbox exclusive. If that is indeed the case then Overdose could appear for the first time at the Xbox and Bethesda Games Showcase.  Besides the big Summer Game Fest showcase on Thursday, other events are planned which are part of it. Here is the full schedule for all the Summer Game Fest events... Summer Game Fest + Day of Devs - Thursday June 9 11am pacific, 2pm eastern, 7pm BST Devolver Digital - Thursday June 9 3pm pacific, 6pm eastern, 11pm BST Netflix Geeked Week Gaming - Friday June 10 10am pacific, 1pm eastern, 6pm BST Tribeca - Friday June 10 12pm pacific, 3pm eastern, 8pm BST Xbox and Bethesda Games Showcase - Sunday June 12 10am pacific, 1pm eastern, 6pm BST PC Gaming Show - Sunday June 12 - 12.30pm pacific, 3.30pm eastern, 8.30pm BST Capcom Showcase - Monday June 13 - 3pm pacific, 6pm eastern, 11pm BST 