Rowan Atkinson has been leaving fans in stitches since the 1980s when he first started starring in the ever-changing sitcom Blackadder. For five years at the turn of the next decade, Atkinson went on the create the character of Mr Bean who many know him best for. Forever wanting to make viewers laugh, the actor's new Netflix series, Man vs Bee, is as simple and hilariously ridiculous as it sounds. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Man vs Bee.Rowan Atkinson's first ever television appearance was on the satirical show Not the Nine O'Clock News in 1979. Just two years later and he became the youngest person at the time to have had a one-man show in the West End. His big film career break happened in 1983 when he had a supporting role in the "unofficial" James Bond movie Never Say Never Again. In that same year, he had a leading role in Dead on Time with Nigel Hawthorne and Blackadder's first series made its big debut. READ MORE: 'That hurt!' David Tennant's wife Georgia on surviving cancer Blackadder had four seasons, with each one set in a different historical period. What did remain the same was the cast with Atkinson portraying Blackadder himself, along with Stephen Fry, Tony Robinson and Hugh Laurie. He won the BAFTA TV Award for best light entertainment performance in Blackadder Goes Forth in 1990. Atkinson was also nominated for several other awards up until 1994 for Mr Bean. Actor Rowan Atkinson was born on January 6, 1955, in Consett, County Durham. This means that the Love Actually star is now aged 67, having celebrated his birthday at the beginning of 2022. He was the youngest of four boys, to his parents Eric Atkinson, a farmer, and company director Ella May. Atkinson has returned to the small screen for his latest role in Netflix's Man vs Bee. DON'T MISS...Better Call Saul’s Rhea Seehorn opens up on ‘troubles’ with new role [CAST]A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [REACTION]Selling Sunset season 6: Will there be another series? [EXPLAINER] Speaking about the concept of the comedy show to What to Watch, he said: "We started with the basic idea of this man, Trevor, being stuck in a house for a week with a bee, but then you can think of endless mini-sketches of how Trevor would interact with it. "We carefully constructed the episodes, so that each one ended on a cliffhanger, which engages viewers to click through to the next episode. "It’s a TV series but, at 100 minutes, I regard it more as a movie. "People can either binge-watch it or watch in bite-sized 10 and 20-minute chunks." Atkinson has got two major projects in the pipeline, according to his IMDb page. He will be starring in Wonka, the Willy Wonka prequel with Timothée Chalamet in the titular role. The actor is also working on a new Mr Bean series which is just being referred to as "Untitled Mr. Bean Project" for now. Man vs Bee is available to watch on Netflix.