The survey by Techne UK exclusively for Express.co.uk found the British public overwhelmingly backed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex staying out of the limelight last weekend as the nation's longest-reigning monarch marked 70 years on the throne. Some 73 percent said Meghan and Harry were right to keep a low profile during the festivities, compared to just 14 percent who said no and 13 percent who did not know. Younger people were slightly less likely than older age groups to agree with the Sussexes keeping things low key. However, some 66 percent of 18-34-year-olds still supported the move compared to 83 percent of over 64s. Tory and Labour voters were largely united on the issue with 79 percent and 75 percent respectively saying the Sussexes were right to lie low. Equally, there was little difference between Brexiteers and Remainers, with 74 percent of Leavers and 78 percent of EU supporters saying Harry and Meghan were right not to take centre stage. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said the Sussexes' popularity in Britain is low more than a year after their bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview which saw them make a series of explosive claims about the monarchy. Mr Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "Harry and Meghan have not sought popularity in Britain and are currently not highly regarded. "This was especially the case after their interview with Oprah which was so destructive and remains controversial. "Bearing in mind the background to the Sussexes' rift with the Royal Family, it would be absurd for them to have had a high profile, as the centre of these unique celebrations was obviously the Queen." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan expected royals to 'drop everything for them' Nigel Cawthorne, author of Prince Andrew: Maxwell, Epstein and the Palace, added: “Harry and Meghan were right to be almost invisible during the Jubilee. "When in a hole, the sensible thing to do is to stop digging." There were fears ahead of the celebrations that the Sussexes, who sensationally quit royal duties in 2020 for a new life in California, would overshadow proceedings. The couple travelled from the US to Britain with their children Archie and Lilibet for the bank holiday weekend of festivities marking the Queen's historic reign. DON'T MISSQueen 'would have loved' to see Harry and William's children play [INSIGHT]'Uneasy' Prince Harry told to put on 'happy face' like Meghan [ANALYSIS]'Petulant' Meghan and Harry leave themselves 'vulnerable' [VIDEO] They made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors in two years at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. But their second-row seats behind working royals were a sign of their change in status. There was no obvious interaction between Harry and his older brother Prince William, who he has been embroiled in a rift with, or his father Prince Charles, who he also has a troubled relationship with. And the Sussexes were absent from many of the other celebrations, reportedly jetting back to the US before the Pageant kicked off on the last day. It comes after polling for Express.co.uk earlier this month showed the majority of respondents said it was unfair the Queen had not seen Archie and Lili, who had never met her namesake great-grandmother until the Jubilee, for two years. Another survey ahead of the Jubilee found Meghan's popularity in the UK stood at just 16 percent, while 33 percent had a positive opinion of Harry, who was once one of the country's favourite royals. A poll following the Queen's decision in May to ban the Sussexes from Buckingham Palace's balcony during Trooping the Colour revealed the move was backed by 80 percent. Further polling showed 74 percent agreed with calls by former US President Donald Trump last month for the couple to lose their royal titles. Techne UK polled 1,624 British adults from June 8-9. 