Russian political figure Evgeny Popov discussed how Mr Drueke and Mr Huynh will be treated as prisoners of war in Ukraine. Mr Evgeny claimed the two men were mercenaries and would not be protected under the Geneva Convention. Mr Evgeny mocked Western political leaders Joe Biden and Boris Johnson as both Governments are trying to undertake the arduous diplomatic process to return their citizens home safely. Mr Popov gave advice to both Western Governments and stated that they need to contact the Lottery Bureau or the league of Sexual Reforms to try and get their citizens back. Mr Evgeny told Russia 1: "The poor mother of this mercenary just gave him up. "If he went there as a volunteer, as they say, then he is a mercenary and is not subject to the Geneva Conventions. "He is not a prisoner of war, he will be convicted from now on, dialogue with the US will be harsh, communications won't be the same as in the past, "According to Putin's press secretary Dmitry Peskov, Joe Biden and Boris Johnson are racking their brains, trying to figure out how to rescue their subjects. JUST IN: Have Your Say: What do you want to see Boris do to make Brexit a success?     Mr Evgeny added: "And to save them from the death penalty, we propose for them to write to the Lottery Bureau or to the league of Sexual Reforms. "They will definitely be able to help them out, we strongly recommend for the citizens of Alabama not to come to Ukraine. "None of this is any of your business, don't become cannon fodder." The two missing American soldiers have not been heard from by family and friends for over a week. The two soldiers were previously known to be training with Ukrainian forces in Kharkiv before their capture by Russian forces. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Zelensky's troops capture deadly Russian thermobaric weapons     Russian President Vladimir Putin has been trying to provoke Western Governments by sentencing two British soldiers to death. UK Citizens Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner were sentenced to execution in Luhansk last week, a Russian-occupied state of Ukraine.  UK Government Ministers have been trying to undertake a diplomatic process for their safe return home and US President Joe Biden will have to do the same for Mr Drueke and Mr Huynh. Under Article 13 of the third Geneva Convention, prisoners of war must be treated humanely at all times. Any unlawful act by the country holding prisoners of war, that commit harmful acts which lead to death or seriously injure or endanger the health of captives, can be prosecuted for war crimes,  DON’T MISS: Boris blasted by Brussels over hated Brexit deal - 'Might not be there much longer' Tory Minister Robert Jenrick called the trial of Mr Aslin and Mr Pinner a “completely outrageous breach of international law." 