Outlander season six saw Young Ian (played by John Bell) open up on his time with the Mohawk and the heartbreaking losses he faced. It was during a visit to the Cherokee with Jamie (Sam Heughan) that the young man spoke about his traumatic experience. Reflecting on the episode, Hour of the Wolf, Sam paid tribute to co-star John and his “fantastic” portrayal. Sam explained: “Those scenes with Young Ian where he reflects on his life with the Mohawk, I think are very touching. “It’s such a strong, vivid tone and you know, Outlander always surprises. “I think here in this episode we get to see Jamie and Ian really bond. “Young Ian has been through some traumatic experiences. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen “He came back from the Mohawk and there’s something different about him and it’s really affected him and change him as a human being and he reveals that to Jamie, and I think Jamie’s extremely touched by that.” After Young Ian explains he and his wife lost two children, Jamie reveals he too lost a child, Faith, who he never got to meet. Together the pair pray their daughters will find one another in heaven and keep each other safe. “We get given these gifts of scenes that are, you know, quite emotional and tender,” Sam continued. “Obviously working with John Bell as Ian is fantastic.” Meanwhile, John said of the episode: “Young Ian’s story that we get to finally see explored in episode four is one of pure joy and celebration and happiness, but also one of complete and utter devastating loss. “When I got the script in for four, I was reading it and was actually in tears. “Of course Young Ian is a part of me, you know what I mean, I feel for him so deeply so when I’m reading this it almost feels like it’s happening to me too.” DON'T MISS...Why was season 6 of Outlander so short? [EXPLAINER]Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan gives rare insight into childhood in Scotland [INSIGHT] It comes after some fans expressed their anger over a change to Claire Fraser’s (Caitriona Balfe) storyline. In the sixth series, Claire becomes dependent on ether to help her cope in the aftermath of her sexual assault. The way in which she copes came as a surprise to some readers of Diana Gabaldon’s novels who weren’t expecting it. Reddit user BlackWidowwww shared their anger over the change in plot, writing: “I’ve read all the Outlander books and I am seriously annoyed with the storyline in season six that is making Claire go mad. “The ether use? Insulting to the character, I can’t be the only one annoyed.” However, Ninevemaer argued back: “I actually don't mind the change. “They definitely gave it a bit too much attention and the ether-use scenes quicky got repetitive, but I like this version of Claire more. “Think about all that she went through, not just the most recent event, but everything up to this point.” Outlander seasons 1-6 is available to stream on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.