Prince William and Kate's youngest child stole the show with his boisterous displays during the bank holiday weekend. The spirited four-year-old tot won over the nation will his reactions to the pomp and pageantry of the celebrations. A source who knows the Cambridges told US magazine People: "He's a cheeky monkey — a typical third child. "It's nice that the world got to see him enjoying himself." Louis joined his big brother Prince George, eight, and sister Princess Charlotte, seven, for many of the Jubilee events. The youngster made his debut at Trooping the Colour last Thursday alongside George and Charlotte. Louis stood next to his great-grandmother Queen on Buckingham Palace's balcony for the flypast and pulled a series of funny faces. He also made an appearance for the pageant finale on Sunday. The mischievous youngster could not sit still during the show waving his hands in the air, standing on his seat and wriggling around. Mike Tindall, who was sat in the row behind, joked he was keeping a close eye on the little royal. READ MORE: Kate sparks royal fans frenzy as she blows kiss to Prince Louis The former England rugby player gestured to his own eyes and then at Louis as Kate laughed. Louis played musical chairs and was spotted being bounced on the knee of his grandfather Prince Charles. In another sweet moment he gave his mum a kiss and a cuddle. DON'T MISSPrince George left with head in hands at Prince Louis [VIDEO]Moment Princess Charlotte loses her cool with Prince Louis [INSIGHT]Mike Tindall speaks of 'trying to keep lid on' Mia, Lena and Louis [ANALYSIS] The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said Louis had an "especially" good time at the Jubilee in a message as the festivities came to a close. William and Kate said: "What a fantastic weekend of celebrations. "Seeing people across the nation coming together with family, friends and loved ones has been extremely special. "Thank you to everyone who turned out to show their gratitude to The Queen and her inspiring 70 years of leadership. "From the crowds on the Mall to communities hosting street parties up and down the country, we hope you had a weekend to remember. "We all had an incredible time, especially Louis... " 