The Atkins diet is one of the more well-known diets around today, with its low carb approach to weight loss leading to countless success stories around the world. And for those who haven't tried it yet, you could lose up to 14lb in the first month, according to researchers. In his book 'Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution', the founder of the popular weight loss plan reveals slimmer are "more likely" to lose about 10 to 14lbs during the first month on the diet. And over the years, numerous studies have shown that low carb diets are effective for weight loss. The Atkins diet itself emphasises protein and fats, such as: Meat Poultry Seafood Eggs Butter Oils Cheese READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake But it does limit starchy and sugary carbs in a person's diet, like: Bread Pasta Potatoes Chips Cookies Sweets DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The Atkins diet is split into four different phases: Slimmers are to stick to under 20 grams of carbs per day for two weeks. They are permitted to consume high-fat and high-protein foods, with low carb vegetables such as leafy greens. This phase is said to "kick-start" the weight loss. Here, dieters are allowed to slowly add more nuts, low-carb vegetables and small amounts of fruit back into their diets. People can now add more carbs into their diets once they're "very close" to their goal weight. They are to do this until they notice their weight loss slowing down. Now, slimmers can eat as many healthy carbs as their bodies can tolerate without their weight creeping up. It has been noted that all these phases are dependent on individuals and may not be necessary for everyone. Healthline reveals that some people choose to skip the induction phase altogether and include plenty of vegetables and fruit from the start. They point out that this method can be "very effective" as it ensures the body is still getting enough nutrients and fibre while losing weight. People on this specific diet also don't need to partake in any strenuous exercise, but should be sticking to the recommended guidelines of 150 minutes of aerobic activity per week.While there have been questions around whether the diet really works, Doctor Arefa Cassoobhoy explained that "the research shows it can work". "If you fill your day with processed carbs like white bread, pasta, and white potatoes, and you don’t eat many fruits and veggies, then this diet may be the jump-start you need to lose weight," she said.