Jane McDonald’s career started on a cruise, and in recent years, she has been embarking on the most beautiful cruises to showcase exactly what they have on offer. In a few previous episodes of Cruising with Jane McDonald on Channel 5, the singer revealed her top packing tips; including why you only need two pairs of shoes. Cruising used to be for retirees, but now, there’s something for everyone. With so many amenities onboard; theatres bigger than anything in the West End, several pools, casinos, and many restaurants, it can be difficult to pack the right clothes. Luckily, Jane has shared her top tips. She began: “Invest in a good suitcase – lightweight but hard. READ MORE: 'Soggy suitcases!’ Luggage rolls of P&O Cruise liner into sea “It's also worth investing in a clothes rail and hanging up everything you are going to take with you.” Jane also had a system when it comes to packing the suitcase; to keep everything orderly, she recommends buying mini storage cases. "You can put these in your case and keep everything separate. You can find these on Amazon," the singer said. As for what clothes to take, Jane suggested: “Separate your clothes into day and evening wear. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton looks ‘beautiful in blue’ for today’s appearance [PICTURES]Best way to store lettuce - fresh and crispy for 3 weeks [FOOD HACK]Nutritionist shares common mistake that hinders weight loss [EXPERT] “That way, you’ll know exactly what you’re packing for each day so you won’t end up taking too much or worse, the wrong things. “Check the itinerary and work out how many formal nights there will be, so you can pack accordingly. “For glamorous evenings, you are certain to need a cocktail dress and some accessories to go with it,” she added. “Pack a pair of comfortable trainers like Skechers, plus a pair of mid-heel shoes in nude or pewter. “Trust me, you don’t want to be tottering around on deck in sky-high stilettos.” Jane also had some savvy advice when it comes to deciding what colour outfits to take onboard. “Stick to whites and blacks, or browns and creams,” she said. “If you’re going to go for black, don’t pack brown, because that means two sets of handbags, how many shoes you've got to match brown and black - you just can’t do it.” Jane also suggested taking “lots of white” or cream clothes, as these show off the colour of your tan best. Most importantly, the singer said: “Try and get lycra in just about everything you bring on a cruise because you’re just about going to eat your own body weight. “So always bring something slightly bigger for the end of the cruise. “Trust me, you are going to need it!”