Newcastle United are growing in confidence over the possibility of a move for Sven Botman being signed and sealed by the end of this week, according to reports. The Magpies are widely expected to use their newly-found Saudi backing to their advantage between now and next season in order to strengthen their playing squad by spending heavily in the summer transfer market. Those in power at St James' Park have been chasing a move for Botman since January but were unable to land the Dutchman before the end of the mid-season window. It seems as though negotiations are moving swiftly this time around, though, with the Magpies hoping to conclude talks before the end of this week, according to the Daily Mail.It is claimed that Newcastle have offered around £32million to Lille in exchange for Botman, who is also being chased by AC Milan in advance of the new campaign. The club's new sporting director, Dan Ashworth, was reportedly in attendance to watch Botman in action for the Netherlands' under-21 side against Wales over the weekend and is believed to be heavily involved in negotiations with the defender's current employers.Newcastle are also said to be keen on wrapping up a deal to sign highly-rated Reims forward Hugo Ekitike in the not-too-distant future. The young striker was expected to make the switch to Tyneside before picking up a hamstring injury while on international duty with France's under-20 side last week. JUST IN: Haaland gives two reasons he snubbed Real Madrid for Man City It has recently been suggested that Eddie Howe could decide to switch his focus to the club's other attacking targets in the wake of Ekitike's unfortunate setback. However, it seems likely that Newcastle will continue to push for the Reims man over the coming days in order to shore up their attacking ranks ahead of next season.Newcastle spent more than any other club in world football in the January transfer window and have been tipped to take advantage of their financial pulling power once again over the next few months. Howe recently warned that it has been difficult to plan his transfer business in advance, though, despite having a clear idea of what he wants to achieve in the summer market. "It's very difficult to plan a summer transfer window because of the unpredictability of the market," said Howe when quizzed on his strategy last month."But, of course, I have an idea of what I want to do, where I want to take the team and the changes that we need to make. It's one thing having that idea in your head and then another thing executing it so we will wait and see what happens." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here