Toto Wolff has stressed Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton "can be competitive” at the British Grand Prix as the Silver Arrows plan new upgrades. The team principal claimed the team will “come up with sensible solutions” for upcoming races in a bid to close the gap to Ferrari and Red Bull. When asked if he expected his team to fare well at Silverstone, he said: “I would hope so. Silverstone was good to us in the past and the circuit is smoother than the last three ones but it’s not Barcelona. “So now we should manage our own expectations and just really grind away, look at the data and come up with some sensible solutions, not only for Silverstone but going forward as well.” Speaking on Sky Sports, he added: “If we are able to run the car low then we can be competitive. “After Barcelona we have been cheering we are back in the championship and here we go. So let’s see.” Mercedes trackside engineering director Andrew Shovlin has also hinted at new upgrades for the car. READ MORE: Toto Wolff and Mattia Binotto 'angry exchange' caught on camera He revealed there was “lots to improve on the car’ and stressed his team would “work hard” to find fixes. Shovlin explained: “The team in Brackley and Brixworth will continue to push hard, there’s lots to improve on the car but that can be translated into potential and the race today has given us more encouragement to keep pushing to close that gap.” Lewis Hamilton admitted the team had done a lot of work in the simulator to ensure the set up was right. He said the team would “keep pushing” in a bid to close the gap to the frontrunners. Red Bull boss Christian Horner has not written off Mercedes’ chance of challenging in two weeks' time as he warned their pace looked “very strong” in Canada. He explained: “The pace of Mercedes at the end of the race was very strong. I think they can be a factor to be reckoned with at Silverstone." DON'T MISSToto Wolff jokes Mercedes 'will make an offer to every track' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton warned to be 'careful' by Mercedes after Canadian GP [INSIGHT]F1 bosses accuse FIA of 'tipping off' Mercedes over porpoising trouble [ANALYSIS] Charles Leclerc also warned Mercedes could be back in the hunt soon after a “strong” showing in Montreal. He said: “I don't have the full picture of the race today. But they looked strong, they looked much stronger than before. "If they are consistently at this level they can join this battle for the wins.”