As the pomp and ceremony of another Queen's Jubilee has just passed the allure of the monarchy to a younger generation is not as enticing as it once was, a new report has found. Data compiled by British Future has offered a detailed insight into the public's views in a changing Britain, touching on issues including Brexit, more than a decade of Tory rule, the coronavirus pandemic, immigration, the monarchy and British identity. The report, titled "Jubilee Britain", looks at societal issues in Britain between the period spanning the Queen's Diamond to the Platinum Jubilees. While data from the report showed that the youngest group of those asked responded in “similar ways to their older counterparts", there were some exceptions. The report found that “there is much less support from younger people, for example, for retaining the monarchy in its present form”. It read: “Just over a third (36 percent) of 16–18-year-olds agree that 'We should keep the monarchy for the foreseeable future', compared to almost six in ten (58 percent) for all ages. A quarter would choose a republic, while another quarter says they don't know." According to a 2021 YouGov report, young people felt differently about the monarchy in 2019, with 46 percent of 18–24-year-olds actually in favour of it. With the Queen one of the world's longest-reigning monarchs, questions have been asked about what will happen when her 70-year reign comes to an end. In 2021, Ipsos Mori conducted a poll, asking: "Should Britain become a republic or remain a monarchy?", to which almost three times as many of the 18–34-year-old age group (29 percent) supported Britain becoming a republic compared with those 65+ (11 percent) who wanted to keep the monarchy. In the same year campaign group Republic rolled out a billboard campaign which called for the abolition of the monarchy and for it to be replaced with an elected head of state. One of the billboard slogans read "Make Elizabeth the last." During the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Prince Charles and Princess Anne — her two eldest children — shared some of the Queen's official duties. Her Majesty was absent from several keystone events during the celebrations due to ongoing mobility issues, including the Trooping the Colour salute at the Horse Guards Parade — the first time she has missed it in her seven-decade reign. Away from the Queen’s physical health, the Royal Faily has endured perhaps one of its most tubrbulent times in recent history, with the death of Prince Philip, sexual harrassment allegations levelled at Prince Andrew by Virginia Roberts Giuffre — allegations which he vehemently denies and a case settlement which his lawyers say is not an admission of guilt — and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle splitting with the Firm to pursue private lives in the US. READ MORE:Cambridge kids are 'model of modern monarchy' – 'so much more fun!' The impact and rise of republicanism is not just confined to the UK. Of the 14 countries outside Britain where the Queen is head of state, at least six in the Caribbean — Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas, Belize, Grenada, Jamaica, and St. Kitts and Nevis — want to become republics. The countries where the Queen is currently head of state include Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, the Bahamas, Belize, Canada, Grenada, Jamaica, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, and Tuvalu. In 2021 Barbados removed the British monarch as head of state, although it is still a member of the Commonwealth of Nations. This had an effect on a renewed debate in Canada whether to follow Barbados' lead as a 2021 poll showed that 55 percent of Canadians found the royal family to be “no longer relevant.” The former Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull launched a republic referendum in 1999 that would have seen the head of state elected by parliament. But the vote was defeated by close to 55 percent of the population who wanted to retain the Queen as head of state. DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew DEMANDS spotlight as William 'birthright' row deepensAll hail Queen Anne! Britons WOULD support Anne as next monarch - pollAndrew 'pushing' for Beatrice and Eugenie to be working royals  When Prince William and Kate Middleton went on a 15-day tour of The Caribbean, for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, they continued to encounter resistance in the Caribbean as a movement to remove the Queen as head of state was gaining ground. Grenada cancelled the royals visit due to protests, and on their visit to Jamaica they arrived to protests and demands of reparations, and an apology for the slave trade on the island that was connected to Britain’s colonial past. The Jamaican government recently announced that they had plans to remove the Queen as head of state and become a republic in time for the 2025 general election. In a speech, Marlene Malahoo Forte QC, who leads the country’s Ministry of Legal and Constitutional Affairs, said: “The goal is to ultimately produce a new Constitution of Jamaica, enacted by the Parliament of Jamaica, to inter alia, establish the Republic of Jamaica as a parliamentary republic, replacing the constitutional monarchy, and affirming our self-determination and cultural heritage.”