Of course it’s an archaic system: if you were starting a country from scratch, as the United States did, you would not choose one family to be Head of State for evermore. But if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. It provides a good deal of stability, as most recently illustrated when the Queen made her national address about meeting again during Covid, and it unites much of the country, à la the Jubilee. And despite their many tribulations, the Windsors are still riding strong. And two of the reasons for this are clearly Prince Charles and Prince William. Both had the nous to realise that if Andrew (he doesn’t deserve the title) had been let loose on the Order of the Garter ceremony, the republicans in this country would be laughing out loud. It is quite incomprehensible to most of us how a woman like the Queen managed to turn out a son like that talentless, freeloading, boorish, arrogant waste of space: the charge sheet just piles up against him. It’s not just the appalling Epstein connection, for which he continues to show not one iota of remorse: it’s the dodgy characters he hangs around with, the unexplained £3million premium he got on the sale of his house, the demeaning legal proceedings over money reportedly owed in the sale of his Swiss chalet, the constant speculation as to how he manages to lead a lifestyle far in excess of the amount he actually earns. I say “earns”; treat that with the derision it deserves. And until recently we thought it was just Fergie who had catastrophic finances; seems Andrew might have the odd question to answer, too. And now he’s demanding his “birth right” as a “blood prince” to return to centre stage in the Royal fold; should we expect anything else from a man who claimed he is so “honourable” he had to spend four days in a luxury mansion in New York with some seriously iffy interior design saying goodbye to Epstein? Even so, the entitlement is just off the scale. I know that Royals spend their lives being bowed and sucked up to, but not to realise the monumental derision in which you are held is extraordinary, even in someone who appears to possess even fewer brains than Harry, which is saying something. Incidentally, what recent royal celebrations have also told us is that the Sussexes are now almost entirely irrelevant. So is Andrew, but in a very different way. It is said that he might relocate (or be relocated) to Scotland: what on earth has that fine country done to deserve this? Some say he should do a John Profumo and devote the rest of his life to good works: fat chance. Exile him by all means, but if they have any sense the Royals will look a little further away. How about Kazakhstan? After all, he’s got friends there: the ruler’s son-in-law was the one who bought South York. I’m sure he’d feel right at home. Alex’s fight to the bitter end A new report says that “accentism” is rife in this country, with people being judged on how they sound. Apparently, Northern accents are considered to make people appear “dim”. Some civil servants, poor diddums, say they have to disguise their accents at work. Has no one heard of elocution lessons anymore? They were considered aspirational when I were a lass. As for people sounding a bit dim, I speak as someone who entered an English school for the first time at the age of 13 with a very strong American accent. Dim doesn’t come into it; I was considered to have roughly the intellect of plankton. Forgive me if I spare those civil servants my tears. Tuning in to Radio 4’s Today programme was once considered crucial among the political and professional class: everyone who was anyone appeared on it and it set the news agenda of the day. Turn it on now, though, and the presenters sound like a crowd of teenagers: giggling, smirking and failing utterly to put across any sense of gravitas. Nor do they appear to have the faintest understanding of the news they are presenting and see interviews as an opportunity to score points, not elicit information. How long can this go on? Another nail in the coffin of the Beeb. A new report says that women feel at their sexiest aged 53. This does not surprise me at all. The problem with being a succulent 20-something is that most women are so insecure they don’t realise how desirable they are, after which the next two decades tend to be dominated by motherhood and childcare. In your fifties you’re still young enough to have fun and you’ve finally got your life back. Nor do you care as much what other people think about you. Just look at Liz Hurley, looking spectacular on the back of a career built on safety pins. Nuff said. Alex Salmond (remember him?) has questioned Nicola Sturgeon’s most recent push for another referendum, querying how she intends to get it past Westminster. But surely he wishes for Scottish independence? Perhaps, but he clearly wishes even more for revenge on the once-close ally who turned on him over sex pest allegations. (He was cleared of all charges.) Ain’t nothing more bitter than a political relationship turned sour. A puppy called Daisy stands accused of theft: she wolfed down the contents of her owner, Ivana’s, purse, and only when she stopped eating, started vomiting and was rushed to puppy hospital did it emerge that she had 20 coins in her tummy, giving a new meaning to the term, “hard currency”. Ruff stuff! At least it’s a variation on “The dog’s eaten my homework.” It is not yet clear whether Daisy will be doing time inside. A plaque in Oxford of Cecil Rhodes is to be awarded Grade II-listed status. Good. Of course by today’s standards Cecil Rhodes did wrong, but history is history and he also did a great deal of good work. Not least in endowing the Rhodes Scholarship, which benefited, among many hugely successful others, Bill Clinton and Kris Kristofferson, of all unlikely people. Perhaps they might be moved to say a few words in defence of their mentor? But I wouldn’t hold your breath.