Yves Bissouma has revealed that he is expecting Antonio Conte to get the very best out of him at Tottenham after completing his permanent move to north London on Friday. The 25-year-old penned a long-term deal until the summer of 2026 after Brighton accepted a bid in the region of £25million for his services earlier this week. Bissouma's arrival saw him become Tottenham's third signing of the summer, with the Mali international following in the footsteps of Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster by signing on the dotted line to join Antonio Conte's ranks ahead of next season. He has since explained that he is counting on the Italian coach to help ease his transition to the next level and extract his very best form as he finds his feet at Tottenham over the coming months."We’re going to work really hard to keep the ambition high," Bissouma told Tottenham's official channels in his first interview since making the short trip north from Brighton."We have a good group, and a great coach, everyone knows him. I know I can pass this step with him. I know he will help me more to be what I want to be and try to help the team as well. I'm very happy to play with him." JUST IN: Chelsea ‘could hijack Lewandowski transfer’ as Barcelona plan new bid It remains to be seen how Bissouma will fit in at Tottenham, who will be playing Champions League football next season after pipping Arsenal to a top-four finish in the Premier League at the end of the previous campaign. He went on to express his gratitude at receiving the chance to play in Europe's most prestigious club competition with an emotional reflection on his journey in football thus far."I was born in Ivory Coast, in my dad’s village," added Bissouma. "When I was young football was my life. I wanted to play football every day, every moment. If I don’t play football, I’m not happy."To be a professional footballer, to be at Spurs, a big club, when I remember 11, 12 years ago, it gives me some sensations. My mum, my dad, they helped me a lot. It was really hard, in Africa we don’t have the opportunities like here. "For example, when I was younger, my dad, my mum, they just worked to help us, but if you want to play football, they don’t have the money to buy a ball, or shoes. We just played on the street with friends, no shoes. But we enjoyed this moment, I was young, my friends as well."It’s one part of my life. I was happy. I’ve come so far, from Issia to Spurs, Champions League music... imagine. The emotion is too much."Bissouma will be hoping to excel as part of Tottenham's midfield duo after proving his worth in the Premier League with Brighton over the last four years. He managed to chip in with two goals in all competitions for the Seagulls last season, one of which came against Tottenham in the fourth round of the FA Cup back in February. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here