Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has put the brakes on Steven Bergwijn's summer switch to Ajax - as the Italian is keen to sign another player before sanctioning the winger's exit. A deal has already been struck between the two club's to bring Bergwijn's two-and-a-half-year stint in north London to an end. Bergwijn burst onto the scene after joining Spurs from PSV Eindhoven in a £25million deal back in January 2020, netting on his debut in a shock 2-0 win over Manchester City. However, the 24-year-old is now surplus to requirements under Conte and is set to move back to the Eredivisie - once Conte gives the deal the green light. According to a new report from AD, via Sport Witness, Tottenham and Ajax have 'already agreed' a €25m (£21.5m) deal for Bergwijn, but Spurs are now hoping to add some variables to the deal to ensure that the total financial package for the Dutchman reaches €30m (£25.8m). On top of that, Conte is also eager to bring in another new signing before signing off on Bergwijn's departure. The Londoners have been busy in the transfer market and have already snapped up Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster and Yves Bissouma. READ MORE: Chelsea chief Petr Cech the latest to quit club after 'Lukaku dispute' Although the deal has been delayed, there is seemingly no suggestion that Bergwijn's proposed switch to Amsterdam is in any danger of collapsing as Conte continues to remould his playing squad. The former Chelsea and Juventus man is still in the market for new players and has cash to spend after guiding Tottenham back into the Champions League places in the final weeks of the 2021/22 campaign. It is believed that Conte is seeking to bolster his options in the centre of defence while the club are also expected to bring in another attacker to help ease the goalscoring burden on Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting'What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd moveCristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links Conte has made a huge impact since he was appointed by Spurs back in November, but Bergwijn hinted that he was unhappy with life under the new Tottenham chief when he made it clear that he wanted to quit the club earlier this month. When he was asked by AD about talk of a move to Ajax, Bergwijn said: "Have I talked to Alfred Schreuder [Ajax's new manager] about my future? I'm at Oranje now and then we'll have a look. It would be nice if there was clarity soon. I just have to go play. But I want to leave Spurs now, that's for sure. "Whether it is important that my new club plays in the Champions League? That's not even top priority. Though it would be nice. What's important is that I'm going to play. I wasn't allowed to leave Spurs in the winter and then I didn't have any problems. The last few months I was hardly looked after there. Now I want to play somewhere weekly.”