Platinum Party and the Palace celebrates Queen Elizabeths 70-year reign on the throne and is set to be the biggest concert in honour of her achievement. BBC presenter Kirsty Young hosted the event alongside Roman Kemp and announced the acts which were going to be performing. This included Britain's Got Talent winners Diversity who put on a spectacular performance looking back through the years of music throughout Queen Elizabeth's reign. Many viewers were stunned by the performance and called for the group to have opened the show, after being disappointed by the line-up.  The BBC and Buckingham Palace announced the official line-up back in May. The line-up includes Queen + Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, Mabel, Elbow, and George Ezra who will share the three-stage set-up with the likes of Duran Duran, Andrea Bocelli, Mimi Webb, Sam Ryder, Jax Jones, Celeste, Nile Rodgers, Sigala and Diversity. Many stars from the stage, screen, and the sporting world will appear at the event, including Sir David Attenborough, Emma Raducanu, David Beckham, Stephen Fry, Dame Julie Andrews, The Royal Ballet, Ellie Simmonds, and a specially recorded performance from Sir Elton John. Sam Ryder, the United Kingdom’s Eurovision hero, will also perform live, fresh from his success in Italy. READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return Closing the two-and-a-half-hour show will be legend Diana Ross, with her first UK live performance in 15 years. Diversity was in the middle of the opening half of the show and wowed fans with the musical spectacular performance, looking at the evolution of music throughout Her Majesty's reign. @KLouise1984 praised: "I mean @Diversity_Tweet take a f***ing bow! A class above. What a display!" @AFC_Gal commented: "Diversity! Love these guys, that was wicked!! #PlatinumPartyatthePalace." @ThisiSChristyg added: "What a fantastic routine! Why didn't they open with that rather than the Queen tribute, so much more energy in their performance." Diversity love these guys! That was wicked!! #PlatinumPartyatthePalace  Some viewers were let down by the lineup, with @RtHonTwatness tweeting: "#PlatinumPartyatthePalace What a s***e, tame line-up!! Where are Page and Plant, Clapton, Stones, Tull, Deep Purple, Who and all the other greats ??.... Utter middle of the road c**p!!" Another user added: "I’m guessing some iconic British artists are away on their hols tonight… #PlatinumPartyatthePalace." @GabbygalEvs said: "PlatinumPartyattheJubilee still don't get Diana Ross in this show, should be brit act closing the show." (sic) Speaking about the concert, Brian May expressed: “Twenty years after playing The Queen’s glorious Golden Jubilee, we’re very happy to be invited again. DON'T MISS...Prince George in stitches with his dad William as he attends concert [INSIGHT]Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit  [LATEST]Kate makes time in busy Jubilee schedule for 'surprise' hospital visit [WATCH] "Then there was a moment when I wondered… after Buckingham Palace roof, where can you go? Well … you will see!” Diana Ross exclaimed: “I have had the honour of meeting The Queen many times throughout my life, including when I was with my family. "Her Majesty has and continues to be such an incredible inspiration to so many across the world, and I was absolutely delighted to receive an invitation to perform on such a momentous and historic occasion.” Sir Rod Stewart added: “Queen Elizabeth has given incredible service to the United Kingdom over the last 70 years, and I’m delighted to be able to join her in celebrating her Platinum Jubilee with the Party At The Palace. "She has demonstrated to the world what a special person she is and how lucky we are to have her. This will be a momentous occasion.” The Platinum party stage design consists of three stages, all linked by walkways, creating a unique 360 experience in front of Buckingham Palace and The Queen Victoria Memorial. The entire front of Buckingham Palace will be projection-mapped - making it the UK’s biggest screen for the night. Platinum Party at the Palace is available to watch on BBC One and stream on BBC iPlayer.