England captain Harry Kane has invested in soccer training and entertainment company TOCA Football, and is set to bring “extensive expertise” to support the company’s global expansion. TOCA, founded by former Leeds United winger Eddie Lewis, launched their soccer entertainment and dining venue in London at The O2 and has announced plans to expand to additional UK locations in Edinburgh and Birmingham. “I invested in TOCA because I wholeheartedly believe in the company," the Tottenham Hotspur striker said. “TOCA offers unmatched technologies which help players improve and immersive entertainment experiences which are fun for everyone. I am delighted to support TOCA’s global expansion and share its vision for the future of soccer, the sport I love.” TOCA use technology-led training programs for children as young as 18 months old to help them reach their fullest potential. “I really feel like it can help the game grow," Kane added. "A lot of young boys and girls out there are trying to improve and the technology that TOCA has, it’s a great opportunity to do that. “You know, I was someone who always looked to try and get better, trying to learn, as a young lad growing up, and to have this now so you can see where your strengths and weaknesses are, is great for them to learn, so I really think it can help young boys and girls improve as they are growing up.” Despite a disappointing Nations League campaign, which saw England fail to win any of their four games, Kane has insisted that the squad is full of confidence heading into the World Cup. “We’ll be going into this World Cup as probably one of the favourites," the 28-year-old said. “We’ve learnt a lot since last summer and the tournament before that as well. “Obviously, we got to the semi-final in the last World Cup and then the final of the Euros. Success is always to try and win, to try and win this tournament. And we're growing in confidence, you know, with the experiences that we've had in the other major tournaments. “We’re used to playing games in the Premier League, November, December. Sometimes, when you’re playing in June and you’ve had a long Premier League season, it's hard. “It will be strange of course, it will be the first time it's been done, but having it in November and December, you are kind of just going straight into it from the Premier League. Hopefully, that can work in our favour.” “Harry is a true soccer legend and an incredible global ambassador for soccer,” added Yoshi Maruyama, TOCA’s CEO. “His love and passion for the game matched with his forward-thinking vision about the sport and developing the players of the future, is a great representation of what TOCA is all about.”