The Scottish presenter will be teaming up with Mel C, Rob Beckett, Courtney Act and Layton Williams for one off special, Queens For The Night. The episode will see a cast of celebrities channel their inner drag queens and unearth the divas within in a fabulous competition. The special will celebrate the art and appeal of drag with famous faces being transformed in the ultimate makeover. Queens For The Night will be host by Lorraine Kelly while Mel C, Rob Beckett, Courtney Act and Layton Williams will make up the judging panel. The judges will be offering up their opinions as the drag movies attempt to master this flamboyantly entertaining skill. Amongst those completing is Coronation Street favourite Simon Gregson, fitness icon Mr Motivator MBE, Love Island star and TV presenter Chris Hughes. Also stepping up to the challenge is George Shelley, actor and soap star legend Adam Woodyatt and England rugby star Joe Marler. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting The series contest will pair each star with a drag mentor as they attempt to master being a Drag Queen. Celebrities will have to perfect wearing the highest of the heels but also hone one of the distinctive disciplines that each drag artist will expertly enact, from singing, dancing, lip syncing, impression, comedy or Dragic! They will then each perform in front of the judges and a studio audience before one is crowned a winner. Drag Queens who will be mentoring the stars include Blu Hydrangea, Kitty Scott-Claus, La Voix, Myra DuBois, Asttina Mandella, and Margo Marshall. Speaking of the special, Lorraine said: “I’m so excited to be hosting this show. “I am a huge fan of Drag and can not wait to see a host of well known stars embrace this uniquely wonderful and uplifting skill. “It's a show that will have humour, warmth and above all lots and lots of glamour, I can’t wait to get started.” “This is going to be a fabulous show,” judge Courtney Act added. “The celebrities might be new to this, but I won't hold back with my critique. DON'T MISS...Joanna Lumley hits out at Netflix for 'made up' Royal Family drama [VIDEO]Sharon Osbourne brands Johnny Depp’s defamation trial ‘ugly’ [WATCH]Britain’s Got Talent winner Axel Blake hits back at ‘fix’ claims [LATEST] “They might all be experts in their own fields but they're stepping into my domain now and I want to see some exceptional performances. “The bar is high so they need to bring their 'A' game.” Rob, who tried his own hand at Drag in his Sky series, shared: “I know just how hard this is after attempting Drag myself with my mate Romesh. “I love Drag I think it's such an underappreciated art-form. “The celebrities will find out that it's more than just putting on makeup and heels, there is such a skill to it and when done right is such a joy to watch. “Will I be tempted to pop on the heels one more time? Who knows….maybe!” Mel C added: “I can’t wait to see how our celebrities measure up with their incredible mentors guiding them every step of the way.” Layton shared: “It’s so fab that we get to celebrate Drag and showcase this wonderfully entertaining craft.”