The opera singer, who has sung in front of the Queen several times before, spoke to Adil Ray and Charlotte Hawkins on Good Morning Britain about her upcoming performance. Katherine, who is due to perform for the Royal Family on Friday, admitted she was meant to be on vocal rest in preparation for her performance. She told the ITV hosts that after her appearance on GMB, she was going home to rest her voice and that she wouldn't even speak with her husband or children. "They know the deal," the opera singer explained before adding: "My husband loves it." When asked about what it was like to perform in front of the Queen, Katherine said: "I am a massive fan. "I grew up in a house where my mother and nana absolutely loved the Queen and as I've got older I've come to admire her more and more." READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? She continued: "You never really relax [when performing]. You always want to be your best when you sing for her." Charlotte chipped in: "Of course and you've met her on several occasions as well, haven't you? "What's it like when you meet her and when you talk to her?" "She's actually really funny," the singer admitted. "I've actually found whenever we've been chatting in a small group or in a lineup or something like that she's always really informed. "She knows a lot about what everybody's doing and she asks a lot of questions and is very interested. "But she was very witty and very humorous and I think that's maybe not something that when you see her in a formal occasion, you see her in a serious sense." Speaking about a special moment with the Queen, Katherine recalled: "At a concert from Windsor recently... I think everybody was just so thrilled that she was there. "It was very emotional to see her there and I think the crowds were just kind of buzzing with her being in the audience." DON'T MISS...Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [CAST]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [REACTION]'Such bad taste' Vera's Brenda Blethyn details 'awful' acting role [INSIGHT] "And when she did the driver around to leave, she looked out the window and gave me a little wave and it made me cry," she admitted. "I was so touched." Turning her attention to her performance on Friday night, Katherine told the hosts: "Tomorrow night I am singing at Sandringham, open to the public and more the merrier. "I am really looking forward to that and then I am also involved in the pageants on Sunday. "it sounds like it's going to be an amazing event, I am going to be on one of the open-top busses." Over the next four days, Queen Elizabeth II will celebrate her 70-year reign on the throne. As part of the landmark, there will be a series of special events to commemorate the event. There will also be special programming across the bank holiday in honour of Queen Elizabeth II, who has become the first British monarch to celebrate a platinum jubilee. Starting off the celebrations will be the Trooping of the Colour, which takes place at Horseguards Parade at 10am. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.