  Clive Myrie, 57, candidly confessed “we do cock it up at the BBC”  in a new interview. However, the presenter has also declared that detractors are “weird” not to be proud of the historic platform.       Aside from a brief radio stint, Clive has worked for the BBC for his entire career and is incredibly proud to be a part of the national institution. The BBC will be 100 years old on October 18 of this year, but the long-standing broadcaster hasn’t escaped without being bashed regularly due to the licence fee it takes from the taxpayer. “We do cock it up, because we’re all human beings,” Clive reflected. “Most of the time we get it right,” he added. “But we’re fallible. Bear with us.” READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning     The presenter then went on to share his thoughts about people calling to defund the BBC. “I hope the nation is proud of the BBC in the way that the rest of the world is proud of the BBC,” he admitted. “Yet in certain quarters of our own country, they’re not proud of the BBC, and that’s a weird, weird thing.” Clive has been on our screens a lot over the past few months, ever since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24.      He was reduced to tears as he presented BBC News at Ten, updating viewers on the latest attacks launched under the orders of Vladimir Putin. Clive then went on to bravely cover the invasion live from Ukraine on behalf of the BBC. He explained how he was “astonished” to find the British public had been “glued to their TVs” watching the coverage. Clive also noted how many people had stopped him when he flew back home to England to tell him how thankful they were for “telling the story”. READ MORE... Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital' [LATEST] Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought [NEWS] Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [NEWS]      “I am eternally grateful that people appreciated the reporting, appreciated what the BBC was trying to do,” he said. “On another level it reminded me what the BBC can be, particularly in a time of crisis,” he told iNews. Clive joined the BBC all the way back in 1987 as a trainee local radio reporter. In 1996 he became a BBC foreign correspondent and has since reported from more than 80 countries.     Since August 2021, he has been the host of BBC quiz shows Mastermind and Celebrity Mastermind. He has also appeared as a guest on shows like Have I Got News for You and Richard Osman's House of Games. He has been nominated for a BAFTA as part of the BBC team behind coverage of the Mozambique floods in 2000. He was also named "Television Journalist of the Year" and "Network Presenter of the Year" in the 2021 RTS Television Journalism Awards.  