Such secrecy does nothing to inspire confidence in this European institution which has derailed a flagship Government policy on one of the most contentious issues facing the country. As we reveal today, there is shock among the judges themselves at the chronic lack of transparency. When told that not even the UK Government knows the identity of the person responsible, Azerbaijani judge Latif Hüseynov said: “Oh wow.” He said his peer should be named “for transparency”. We could not agree more. Home Secretary Priti Patel has suggested the decision was “politically motivated” and the murkiness which defines the workings of the court will encourage others to think likewise. The ECHR was founded with the worthy goal of protecting liberty in a continent devastated by war. It is unfortunate that some who have the honour of serving on the court today do not understand that such secrecy has no place in a just society. ------------------------------ Famalies desperate for a holiday will be horrified to learn that 700 British Airways staff at Heathrow Airport could go on strike this summer. It is cruel for Unite and GMB unions to threaten industrial action which will cause anxiety and dismay throughout the country. People who were denied the chance to travel during the pandemic are longing to board a plane. Some people are desperate to see family and friends who live overseas while others have scraped together the cash to go on a rare break with their loved ones. Stress levels are already too high in this nation, and the prospect of a strike that could turn summer dreams into travel nightmares is utterly unacceptable. Yes, staff deserve fair wages but they have a duty to serve customers. Their dispute with management in no way justifies the shredding of holiday dreams. ------------------------------ One of the oddest parts of being a member of the Royal Family is having to sit for official portraits. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were yesterday confronted with their first joint portrait, which the Prince described as “quite big”. Most young couples do not dream of having their likenesses immortalised in this very public way but for William and Kate it goes with the job. It would be no surprise if the Duchess – a competent photographer – might have thought it would be quicker to snap a selfie.