Former British soldier Pinner, 48, and care worker Aslin, 28, were handed death sentences by the breakaway Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) last week after being captured fighting with Ukrainian forces in Mariupol. Both hold Ukrainian citizenship and were officially signed up to Ukraine's making a mockery of claims that they were mercenaries. Mr Pinner’s family have said they are “devastated and saddened” by the trial and sentence. Last night sources close to the government in Kyiv confirmed “nothing was off the table” in securing their release, adding: “we know the debt of gratitude we owe to the United Kingdom”. They pointed to President Volodoymr Zelensky’s unusual intervention last week when he publicly praised Boris Johnson for surviving a no-confidence vote in Parliament. And steps to help the PM, they said, actively include trading Kremlin crony Viktor Medvedchuk, a pro-Russian Ukrainian politician arrested by Ukraine’s SBU security services in April for treason and corruption. Medvedchuk, worth an estimated £400m, is a close friend to Vladimir Putin, boasting the Russian leader as godfather to his daughter, Daria. He was widely expected to be installed as Ukraine’s new puppet president had Russian forces succeeded in taking Kyiv in the opening days of the war. Separate sources in Ukraine last night confirmed that moves also included weighing up the prospects of a military rescue, though whether this was discussed with Defence Secretary Ben Wallace when he visited Kyiv on Friday could not be confirmed. With both men given a month to appeal, it is widely believed the show trial and subsequent sentences are a political move. Footage of the kangaroo court showed both men -along with Moroccan national Saudi Brahim - standing behind bars as their fates were revealed in Russian. Just two days before they were displayed on Russian television watching a video of Medvedchuk’s wife, Oksana, making an appeal for her husband to be exchanged, after which Pinner said:“We look to exchange myself and Aiden Aslin for Mr Medvedchuk. Obviously, I would really appreciate your help on this matter.” But Ukrainian government officials remained pessimistic last night. “The issue of these men was discussed with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss this week. We are cooperating, We want to show our gratitude to the UK, and we would certainly consider an exchange for Medvedchuk", added the source. Describing the days before their capture in April, he added:“I served in the HQ of the regiment and it was frightening to run out of ammunition. Then I got hit and was airlifted. “There were around 40 Brits in the region in April. Some realised how bad it was getting and left and I don’t blame them." “But both of these guys are committed to Ukraine, which is their home." “Pinner was very experienced and highly respected while Aslin was very mature for his age and very balanced." “Aiden was always smiling and lifting people’s spirits while Shaun was quiet and serious.” Col Richard Kemp, who served in the Royal Anglian regiment at the same time as Pinner, said he had been in contact with the former soldier after his move to Ukraine. “He is widely respected in the regiment and is very articulate and knowledgeable  - exactly what one would expect from an infantry corporal." “He told me he knew there was a good chance of getting killed but didn’t discuss the possibility of being taken prisoner.” But last night experts pointed out another unfolding scenario which may yet save their lives - formal annexation of the DPR by Russia. Russia effectively banned capital punishment in 1996. On the same day as Pinner and Aslin were sentenced, DPR leader Denis Pushilin installed a new government which, for the first time, included senior Russian officials. "The first thing the new PM did was to speak about the integration process into Russia, and that his first key task is to align legislation," said Alex Lord of Sibylline strategic risk group. Dr Jade McGlynn, of the Henry Jackson Society, added: “The DPR is emotionally and culturally important to Russia, but has been perceived as out of control recently. They’re starting to resent Putin because of conscription  - they don’t want to fight in the rest of Ukraine - and Russia wants to fix this. This is fuelling the haste for annexation,” Such a move, which may happen quickly, could push the UK into a corner, said Prof Mark Galeotti of the Council on Geostrategy. “There will be the usual process, a referendum which will find 114 percent will approve of being part of the Russian Federation," he said. “Not much will change on the ground, but formal membership of the Russian federation can offer benefits such as pensions and regional uplift. Russia spent £10bn in Crimea." Interestingly, Russia does not have the death penalty “And if the UK joins Ukraine in objecting, Moscow will simply say: ”Why are you complaining - your two Britons are alive.”