Yellowstone season five will air on The Paramount Network on November 13. The season four finale saw Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) taking an incriminating photo of her brother Jamie (Wes Bentley). But the blackmail could backfire on her, according to a new fan theory. Yellowstone season four saw the family feud continue between feisty Beth and her brother Jamie. After Jamie killed his biological father, Garrett Randall (Will Patton), he decided to take him to the infamous Train Station. However, unbeknown to him, his sister managed to get a photo of him dumping the body. Beth now plans to use this against Jamie if he gets on the wrong side of her again. Yet one fan has taken to Reddit to suggest this may have been a bad move on Beth's part. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition BearerOfTheMark said it was a "big mistake" for two reasons. They said: "One Possibility: Photo data nowadays can contain coordinates leading to where they were taken, if the location isn’t given away in the photo itself. "If Beth’s phone is hacked or cloned, then that data is now in someone else’s hands to exploit, and judging by that location, no one in the family wants that info out there. "Another possibility: If Beth does use that photo against Jamie, the only people she can provide it to are the authorities, and that photo is inconclusive about anything besides Jamie dragging something off toward that cliff. "The authorities would have to investigate it, and they’d find the train station. With DNA evidence and dental records, the Duttons would be connected to it and arrested." From this it seems Beth's hold over Jamie is not worth anything and it could in fact land her in serious trouble. The Reddit user went on to brand Beth's character as "the Cersei Lannister of Yellowstone". They added: "Rough childhood and manipulative nature have made people fear her because she presents herself as tough and smart. "In actuality, she is a grown woman who still acts like a child and pretends to be much smarter than she actually is. "She has her more human moments, which make me start to sympathize with her, but her nature will very likely be the downfall of the Yellowstone Ranch." DON'T MISS... Cole Hauser nationality: Where is the Yellowstone star from? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone's Kelly Reilly received 'death threats' over Beth and Rip [INTERVIEW] Why has the new Yellowstone prequel changed its name to 1923? [INSIGHT] The old saying suggests Beth should keep her friends close, but her enemies closer. She has ignored this advice throughout the series as her hatred towards Jamie continues to cloud her judgement. By ruining Jamie's life, she could also impact the lives of those she actually cares about. If any criminal act is linked back to the Duttons, they will lose their chance to preserve their beloved land. AmericanWanderlust agreed with the theory, adding: "Beth is going to be the person who destroys the ranch, inadvertently. "I also think her father is going to end up getting Rip killed, inadvertently. "It's going to be satisfying to watch. I also don't necessarily think he'll end up killing Jamie in the end. "My prediction: He lives and gets away from the ranch/state." Fans will have to wait until November to find out how the Jamie and Beth relationship pans out.  Yellowstone season 5 returns to The Paramount Network on November 13. Seasons 1-3 are available in the UK on Paramount Plus.