Chris Harris, Paddy McGuinness and Freddie Flintoff kicked off the latest series of Top Gear with a road trip around Florida. Their visit finished with a NASCAR-style showdown where Freddie “accidentally” collided with Paddy sending him into the path of oncoming vehicles. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the presenting trio opened up on the “scary” moment as they clashed yet again on whether Freddie meant to hit Paddy. Paddy began: “What was scary about [the NASCAR race] is all the other people taking part in that race. “It's not like this is the first time we've done it they were like, ‘We want to win and we're gonna win at all costs’. “It was scary and it doesn't sometimes transcend on the screen but when you're strapped into those things it's quite claustrophobic, you've got earpieces, people talking you can't hear properly, it’s hot and it's just so much going on. “After a while, you tune into it and you get into it but it is scary.” Read more: Top Gear fans blast BBC for 'waste of fuel' during HGV race Freddie continued: “It's the first bit where you can see all these cars where the drivers meet them [Chris] knows what's going on. “Me and [Paddy] were stood there listening to all this stuff not knowing when we get out there what to expect.” Paddy explained he and Freddie did “two or three laps practice” before the race. “You try to get involved and I made the fatal mistake of clipping [Paddy] accidentally,” Freddie explained. “It wasn’t a mistake,” Paddy quipped. “As he says he didn’t mean it but my car span and I was literally facing everyone coming towards me.” Chris went on to explain the differences between American and European motorsport. “American motorsport is interesting and I've never raced [that way] before, I really haven't but I'm aware of the way that the culture of racing is very different in America to Europe,” he said. “So in Europe, it's very a non-contact sport if you hit someone, you're done, you get prosecuted for that. That includes Formula 1 so if there is contact someone in trouble. DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson ‘sympathised’ with Tom Hanks’ angry outburst [INSIGHT]Chris Harris’ brutal verdict on Top Gear co-hosts [INTERVIEW]Freddie Flintoff was ‘petrified’ filming Top gear stunt [INTERVIEW] “We do have banner racing, and that's just where you go to a dog track,” he added. “That's different, there's nothing in between. “In America, there's this phrase ‘rubbing is racing’ so it actually is a contact sport, but they never say it is. “So to defend him whether it was accidental or not, you're allowed to do that. “It's expected that you will get pushed or rubbed. What you can't do is just ram people so that there is a subtlety to it.” Reflecting on the experience, Freddie said: “It was a laugh, it was fun. “It's a laugh after when the race is finished and you get out and think, ‘Thank you,’” Paddy joked. “When [Paddy] got out of the car [he] wasn’t laughing,” Chris noted and Paddy remarked: “The argument was still ongoing.” Top Gear continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.