Florida Governor Ron DeSantis has become a frontrunner for the Republican presidential nominee race, even though he has not yet confirmed he will run for the White House. Mr DeSantis is widely speculated to be planning a Republican presidential bid for 2024, and former President Donald Trump has even said he wouldn’t rule out his fellow Republican as his running mate. Mr DeSantis has played off speculation about a 2024 presidential bid as untrue, but he’s also declined on multiple occasions to rule out a run, even if Mr Trump ultimately decided to launch a comeback campaign. The Florida Governor has been garnering support from big-time Americans, including podcast host Joe Rogan. “I think Ron DeSantis would work as a good president. I mean, what he’s done for Florida has been admirable.” The Florida Governor is making waves across the country, even though neither he nor Mr Trump have declared their intention to run in 2024. READ MORE: 'America is Britain's best friend in the world' Still, Mr DeSantis is now the favourite to win the 2024 election, according to the latest odds from Smarkets - ahead of current President Joe Biden. Matthew Shaddick, Smarkets Head of Political Markets said: “The continued rise of Ron DeSantis has now resulted in the Republican becoming favourite to win the 2024 election. “DeSantis will have to navigate re-election as governor of Florida this year, but Smarkets' latest odds give him an 89 percent chance of winning again in the Sunshine State. "Donald Trump's stock has been on the slide in recent weeks and the January 6 congressional hearings may be having some impact. “Whilst the latest prices make him odds-on to run for the White House again, it's now looking like he may face serious opposition from DeSantis. "On the Democratic side, President Joe Biden and Vice-President Kamala Harris are both going backwards in bettors' 2024 estimations. “One possible challenger could be California governor Gavin Newsom, who has been steadily moving up in the betting market and could soon become the most likely candidate to rival the leading duo." DON'T MISSUS finally give backing to Erdogan's F16 jet plan [REPORT]Johnson and Erdogan square up to each other at NATO as Biden steps in [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin pundit insists US sanctions 'paying' for Ukraine war [REPORT] Ron DeSantis, 43, is an American lawyer and the 46th Governor of Florida, and has been serving since 2019. A US Navy Lieutenant and former military prosecutor, he studied law at Harvard and Yale, and he was first elected to Congress in 2012. When running for Governor, Mr DeSantis won with 0.4 percent margin of victory against Tallahassee mayor Andrew Gillum after being recounted. The Governor is currently running for a second term in Florida, and is popular with Republicans in the state, particularly the white working class. Mr DeSantis faced heavy criticism throughout the coronavirus pandemic from Democrats, but has become something of a smash hit among his fellow Republicans for keeping businesses open and disregarding the evidence in favour of face masks. He is known for frequently getting into spats with Democrats and America’s media, and is said to have a complete disregard for press opinion of him. Considered a Trumpist and Tea Party Conservative, he has gained popularity across America’s older generation and white dominated areas.