Channel 4's latest drama, Suspect, stars James Nesbitt as Detective Danny Frater, as he desperately tries to figure out how his daughter ended up on an autopsy table in the morgue. However, during the first episode, viewers were left confused as they claimed to have spotted an "obvious" plot hole. During a hospital visit to conduct a routine ID check on a young woman's body, Danny got the shock of his life. After noticing a necklace lying inside an evidence tube, Danny pulled back the sheet to see his estranged daughter, Christina (played by Imogen King), laying on the autopsy table. Pathologist Jackie (Joely Richardson) explained to Danny that Christina died by suicide, but he wasn't convinced and pressured her to tell him the truth. After explaining the terms to Danny and trying to convince him that she killed herself, he is still trying to come to terms with what he had been told. READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action As Jackie leaves the room, Danny overhears a watch alarm, soon realising that Christina's belongings haven't been taken in as evidence for the police. Refusing to accept the pathologist's findings, Danny goes on a mission to find the truth and takes her watch and keys out of their evidence pots. However, many viewers were left confused and annoyed by Danny's actions and took to their Twitter accounts to reveal the plot hole. @howitts72 commented: "Hmm, not sure about this - might be stretching the boundaries of credibility too far - but I'll give it another couple of episodes... #Suspect." (sic) Rich Willis added: "Total far-fetched rubbish so far: #Suspect. Off to bed instead of watching the next part." @macnamara60 asked: "Oh, right. So now Nez has trousered all the evidence? #Suspect." Perry Stalsis exclaimed: "#Suspect no CCTV in the morgue?" Clarissa Cook fumed: "As if he would get away with just walking out with all the evidence? How stupid and obvious!" DON'T MISS...How many episodes are in Suspect on Channel 4? [INSIGHT]Suspect episode 1 cast: Who stars in Channel 4 drama? [LATEST] James Nesbitt wished he hadn't read script for Suspect 'Very bleak' [MORE] However, not all viewers were put off by the plot hole, with Karyn Wilkins praising: "#Suspect strong start. Gripped already." (sic) The series is made up of eight episodes in total, with the first two 30-minute episodes being aired on Sunday night. The remaining six episodes will be shown back to back until the finale airs on Wednesday, June 22. Each episode is set to focus on a different person in Christina's life as Danny desperately tries to piece together what happened to his daughter. Jo McGrath, executive producer, touched on the excitement around the series and said: “I was always very confident we’d attract fantastic actors. "This series has the right schedule, format, and the way it’s shot presents a real acting challenge. "In my experience, good actors really respond to roles that will challenge them, we cast the lead role first, and once Jimmy was in place, the rest of the cast came together relatively quickly.” Suspect continues Monday from 9pm on Channel 4.