Frappe iced coffee is a menu staple in cafes across the world and is best enjoyed with a hint of sweetness to balance the creamy texture. While you can’t beat a fresh frappe made by a trained barista, this refreshing iced drink is just as easy to make at home. Here’s the best Greek-style frappe recipe to follow at home. While frappes are Greek in origin, the name stems from the French term for ‘chilled’ or ‘partly frozen’. You’ll need plenty of ice to master the cool, whipped texture, and according to Leite’s Culinaria, you only need three staple items to shake up into a sweet, refreshing drink. David Leite said: “A Greek-style frappe is made simply from coffee, milk, and sugar and easily customisable in terms of sweetness.” He described the refreshing beverage as “a summer essential”, which can be made with, or without a blender. READ MORE: 'Easiest and most effective' way to lose weight during menopause To make one iced frappe, you will need:   Start by placing the coffee, sugar and just two tablespoons of cold water into a shaker, jar or blender. Cover the container and shake well for about 30 seconds, or until you have a thick foam. Fill a tall glass with fresh ice cubes and slowly pour the thick mixture over the cubes. Once the glass is almost full, add the rest of the water and milk if desired. For the best flavour, Serve the frappe immediately.  DON'T MISS:Nigella Lawson's Marmite pasta causes a stir [ANALYSIS]How to make 'creamy' Dalgona whipped iced coffee [INSIGHT]How to make Long Island iced coffee cocktail - recipe [REVEAL] Sweet syrups and even the type of coffee you use can impact the flavour of your frappe, so have a play around with different products to adjust the taste. Mr Leite’s top tip is to use Greek Nescafe instant coffee with the Greek writing on the can for a more “authentic” flavour. If you have a sweet tooth, caramel syrup will work well both in the drink and around the glass. Simply add a dash of syrup to the mix before shaking it up to infuse the liquid. Before adding the ice to the glass, line it with a generous squeeze of syrup.