The Sussexes charmed the royal kids during the couple's first appearance with the Royal Family in over two years. Their last appearance was in March 2020 for Commonwealth - their final outing as working royals. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived in the UK on Wednesday with their children Archie, 3, and Lilibet, who turns one on Saturday, to join the rest of the royals at the Palace. During the Jubilee celebrations - which marked the first official event of the four-day royal affair - Harry and Meghan watched the parade from the Major General's Office. The pair were seen chatting with the Queen's cousin, the Duke of Kent, during the day's celebrations. Both Meghan and Harry were photographed playfully entertaining young royals including Zara Tindall's children Mia, 8, and Lena, 3, and Peter Phillips' daughter Savannah, 11.  At one point, they could be seen shushing the boisterous royals while Meghan was also pictured blowing a cheerful kiss with Savannah, as the group watched the military spectacular. Speaking about the couple's interaction with the children, Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu tweeted: "You just know the kids think Harry and Meghan are the coolest Uncle & Aunty. I had one of those too as a kid!" Royal fans commented on the post, with one writing: "Let’s just enjoy seeing them looking happy and relaxed! They are a refreshing sight! Meghan looking gorgeous!" Another simply wrote: "Adorable". READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry make OFFICIAL return to Royal Family life Meanwhile, US host Toi Anchor commented: "Love seeing Harry and Meghan looking fashionable, unbothered, regal, and happy to be with family". Meghan dazzled at the event wearing an asymmetrical, wide-brimmed white hat with an oversized navy bow to match her stunning navy dress. The Duke looked dapper wearing a coordinated navy suit, rather than his usual ceremonial dress which was worn by his brother, Prince William. The couple were spotted overlooking the procession from the Major General's Office but didn't make a public appearance or join other members of the firm for the traditional balcony appearance. DON'T MISS:Jubilee horror: Australia signals major move to break away from Queen [INSIGHT]Jubilee LIVE: Lilibet meet Lilibet! Joy as Meghan, Harry baby FINALLY [COMMENT]Meghan and Harry's 'frosty' reception from other royals exposed [ANALYSIS]  It comes after the Palace announced that only working royals would be featured on the balcony. In a statement from Buckingham Palace, it read: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen". As many as 18 royals were present on the balcony to mark the Queen's seventieth year on the throne. Prince Andrew and the Sussexes were some of the few royals missing from the balcony, as were Princess Margaret's relatives, and several of the Queen's grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Harry and Meghan are expected to make another appearance at the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. 