Ryan Gravenberch has revealed that Erik ten Hag tried to steal him away from Bayern Munich's clutches to join him at Manchester United. Ten Hag helped build Gravenberch into one of world football's brightest young talents in their four years together. Ten Hag was careful not to throw the young midfielder into the deep end too early, but he was soon a first-team regular in 2020. It was from there that Gravenberch began to attract attention from all over Europe and Ajax were powerless to him leaving this summer. Bayern Munich were the frontrunners for Gravenberch's signature having made a bid back in March for his signature. And his move to the Allianz Arena was confirmed last week by the player himself in a deal worth up to £21.5million. The news may well come as a bitter blow to Ten Hag though as Gravenberch claims his former Ajax boss tried to take him with him to Old Trafford. United are keen to sign at least one central midfielder this summer, but Gravenberch didn't want to go back on his "word" to Bayern. JUST IN: Man Utd: Rashford has already explained best position to Ten Hag  "Manchester United is a very big and nice club," Gravenberch told De Telegraaf. "But I had such a good feeling with Bayern and I gave them my word.” United have already let Paul Pogba leave while Nemanja Matic is on the verge of a move to Roma. That leaves just Fred and Scott McTominay as the recognised midfielder to play in front of the defence while Bruno Fernandes remains the sole option further forward. Donny van de Beek will return from his loan spell at Everton though and the 25-year-old may be in Ten Hag's plans. Ralf Rangnick spoke towards the end of the season about United needing to sign 10 reinforcements this summer. DON'T MISS  Ten Hag accepted it was too early to tell in his first press conference as United manager and kept his cards close to his chest on what to expect in regards to incomings. "I just said, I am still in the process of analysing to set conclusions," he said. "I am looking forward to working with these players. "The season before, this squad was second in the league, so there is huge potential. I think if we improve, if we can work with them, I think we can get out more than what is now the result from this season."