Stuart Pearce has backed Harry Maguire to bounce back at Manchester United next season and play a crucial role in England's 2022 World Cup campaign in Qatar. However, the United captain has been urged to become more 'thick-skinned' against criticism after a dismal 2021-22 campaign. Maguire's status as Red Devils skipper made him a scapegoat throughout the club's worst-ever Premier League campaign. But plenty of the criticism was justified as the 29-year-old looked shot of confidence and a shadow of the player Ole Gunnar Solskjaer signed for £80million in 2019. Erik ten Hag's summer arrival as manager has thrown Maguire's place in the United starting lineup into uncertainty, especially with the Dutch manager targeting a new centre-back in his first transfer window. And Sky Sports report the out-of-sorts No 5's starting status, let alone his captaincy is 'in jeopardy'. But with Ten Hag at the helm, United should become a much better outfit, sparking individual improvement across the squad through coaching and boosted confidence. And Pearce believes Maguire needs to take his criticism on the chin to return to his best next term. JUST IN: Man Utd have De Jong transfer belief after Pogba savings revealed He told talkSPORT: "I'm astounded, really, that someone like Harry Maguire, who has been such a solid citizen both personally and professionally for club and country, has courted as much criticism as he has. "Harry Maguire is too important for England and his football club, and sometimes you've got to be a bit more thick-skinned maybe to brush it all off; we've all experienced it. He's too good a player, and he'll come back next season fresher, brighter and more important for England and probably play a big part in England's World Cup campaign." READ MORE: Arsenal losing out to Newcastle in £30m deal is bad news for Everton Many fans have felt Maguire has been unable to accept criticism for his poor performances over the last 12 months. Frustration was particularly rife after an interview in the latter stages of the 2021-22 campaign in which he claimed 'there's a reason every manager selects him'. There are concerns Maguire's lack of pace and recent indecisiveness on the ball will see him struggle to adapt to Ten Hag's high-line style of play. And intensifying reports of interest in Ajax's Jurrien Timber and Villarreal's Pau Torres are making his future at Old Trafford all the more up for debate. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here