McDonald and Dodds is back with more head-scratching cases to crack in the heart of Bath. The ITV drama will consist of four movie-length features that are going to premiere every Sunday night. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the series three cast of McDonald and Dodds. Seen as shy and unassuming, DS Dodds was previously working happily behind a desk but in order to force him into early retirement, his boss instructed him to delve into detective work instead.  READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement Dodds' partner is DCI Lauren McDonald, who was originally transferred from London which she wasn't best pleased with. What made matters worse was working with Dodds but they have developed an unlikely partnership during the first couple of series. In 2020, actress Tala Gouveia was a voice in the animated children's show Go Jetters. Gouveia has had minor acting roles in shows such as Arrivals, Cold Feet, Tracey Ullman's Show and Plebs prior to this. There will be a new face in the regular cast of McDonald and Dodds when it returns for season three. Chief Superintendent John Houseman (played by James Murray) has been replaced by actress Claire Skinner as Chief Supt Ormond. Skinner is by far best known for portraying Sue Brockman in the hit BBC comedy Outnumbered for seven years. Some of her other work has been in Hilda, Vanity Fair, Scream Street and Kate and Koji. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [CAST]Emmerdale theory: Aaron Dingle returns in heartbreaking Mary twist [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Sarah Platt's affair with Stephen returns [EXPLAINER] As always, there will be a number of guest stars in the drama and this time, actress Catherine Tyldesley is one of them. She will play Kate Porter, a single mum who is new to the area and with secrets to hide but did she have anything to do with the mysterious death in episode one Belvedere? Tyldesley is by far best known for playing Eva Price in ITV's soap opera Coronation Street for eight years. Since then, she has been in 15 Days, Scarborough, Viewpoint and The Holden Girls: Mandy & Myrtle. Joining Tyldesley in the first episode of season three is actor and comedian Alan Davies. He portrays Professor George Gillan, a linguistic anthropologist who lives with his eccentric mother who is almost 100-years-old. Davies starred in the BBC mystery drama Jonathan Creek and is the only original panellist left on the panel show QI since it premiered in 2003. Other cast members include: DC Milena Paciorkowski - Lily Sacofsky DC Martin Malik - Danyal Ismail Paula Monkford - Holly Aird James Langmere - Gabriel Bisset Smith McDonald and Dodds season 3 premieres on Sunday, June 19, at 8pm on ITV.