Caroline, a recruitment officer for the NHS, lost over £650 in a sophisticated scam which saw criminals pretending to be her bank. They encouraged her to move money into a supposed safe account, claiming there was suspicious activity in her current account. On BBC’s Dirty Rotten Scammers this morning, Caroline explained how she fell victim to these criminals and how they managed to convince her they were Lloyds Bank. Caroline was working in a Covid centre last November, when she received a text from who she thought was Lloyds Bank fraud department. The text claimed there was suspicious activity happening in her account and they wanted her to verify if it was her. After denying that the specific purchase was her, she got a call from someone who purported to be a Lloyds employee. She said: “I got a call around 10 minutes later and it was Lloyds on the phone and they said, ‘I think your account has been breached, we want to try and move your money’.” READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how 'concerned' widow, 65, can clear debt and get by in retirement  The scammers called Caroline as she was leaving work so was distracted. She said: “They called me at five on a Friday evening. It was so clearly calculated when they called me and how they were trying to get me to do this there and then.” They urged her to complete the transaction to a new account to keep her money "safe" - even though she asked to do this when she got home. She continued: “I was on the phone to this woman and she was saying my money needs to be moved from my current account into a new one to make sure it was safe. “She then asked me how much money was in my current account and I think that should have rang more alarm bells.” Desperate to secure her account, Caroline followed the scammer's instructions. She transferred £400 first, and then another £290. In total it was £690. Caroline said: “She [the scammer] said, ’I’ll be back with you in a moment’ and there was silence for about 30 seconds and she just went. “Then I realised they I’d been scammed basically. I was so angry at myself and embarrassed. “I didn’t want to tell my boyfriend, friends, or parents because I was just so embarrassed. I felt as if I was too trusting and I should change the way I see other people. “I didn’t sleep well that night. The woman really made me trust her.” Luckily the bank refunded her money and acknowledged it was a scam. Philip Robinson, head of fraud and financial crime at Lloyds Bank explained what safe account fraud is. He said: “Safe account scam is effectively when someone is saying there is some sort of issue and they want you to move your number unknowingly into a fraudster's account. “Never share your internet password. We will never ask it. Never share your PIN number. Try not to click on any links unless you know the source of it. “No bank will never ask you to move your money into a safe account. “If anyone asks you to do these things it’s definitely a scam and don’t do it.”