Primark was hit hard by the pandemic due to a rise in online shopping. Until now, the fashion company did not sell its clothes online like other retailers, and therefore missed out on revenue. Primark is to trial a click-and-collect service for children’s clothes and accessories. Shoppers will be able to buy products online and collect them from 25 shops in the north-west of England. These will be the only Primark branches participating in the trial but, if successful, it could be rolled out to other stores across the country. Primark was hit hard by Covid, but it hopes to attract new customers with its online service. READ MORE: How to look younger for £1 plus the 'key to youthful skin'  Retail analyst Catherine Shuttleworth said Primark’s move was a “very big deal”. She continued: “Covid showed the risk of having a store-only estate. “Primark has been looking for the best way to enter the online market, but if you’re late to the party, which it is, you need to do it in the most profitable way possible. “Click-and-collect is simpler to build into your existing operation of shops, you don’t need a logistics partner, and returns come straight back into the store."  Customers will be able to choose from around 2,000 products on Primark’s website, but these will only be children’s items and accessories. This is in a bid to draw more families to its stores. In an update published today, June 20, Primark’s owner, Associated British Foods (ABF), said: “We have chosen a much-expanded range of children’s products for this trial, which we believe has the potential to satisfy unfulfilled demand, driving footfall from both existing and new customers to deliver incremental sales in store.” The products will include nursery furniture, clothing multipacks, Disney t-shirts, and more. George Weston, the chief executive of ABF, said the trial was about “giving more customers more reasons to come to our stores”. He added that the company will trial the service for several months and, if it proved to bring in additional sales, it would expand it outside the north-west of England, or even add other product categories. The service would allow shoppers to immediately try on items they had ordered online in designated collection areas, as well as pick up additional items from the store if they wished. Click-and-collect, as well as in-store returns, will be offered as part of the trial. Primark launched its website back in April this year, but it has so far only used it to give customers a preview of clothes on sale, like a catalogue. It also, more recently, has given shoppers information about stock levels in local stores. ABF said the trial will allow customers who live nearer a smaller Primark store, instead of a bigger one, access to a much wider range of items. It explained: “Our average-size stores are only able to stock a limited range and for these customers the number of options available to them will broadly double, increasing even more for customers of our small stores. “This trial will enable us to provide more fashion, licence and lifestyle products to more customers and more often.”