On the question of funding, Dr Patrick said: “No he’s wrong. We need more staff, more doctors and nurses in training, more midwives, more diagnostic services, and people to run them, to name a few. “Last time I checked these weren't free.” Dr Patrick added: “But we also need transparency. Where does all this money go? They spent 37 billion on test and trace – where on earth was that spent? Is any left? “There’s too much haziness about where money goes in the NHS and more transparency and breakdowns of spending will help it get to the areas needed.” READ MORE: How to stop sweat patches: 4 ways to beat the heat  While the NHS needs more money, an increase in financial backing won’t solve the problem. In light of this, Express.co.uk asked Dr Patrick how else the NHS can be improved. Dr Patrick emphasised: “Looking after staff and making them feel valued. Being sympathetic and flexible to personal situations. “Little things like providing staff with tea and coffee, allowing people to park at work for free and safely, especially at nights.”   In the past, health officials have also called for how the NHS is managed to be changed, and there are concerns about the rise in privatisation. Should this occur, many are worried the NHS would become akin to services found in the US, one where only those who can afford it can access it. When asked about the future of the service, Dr Patrick said he was concerned. He also added: “I know good people who have or are leaving. They’re exhausted and tired of having little control over where and when they work, and they want to be better renumerated.”  As to what happens in the future, Dr Patrick said a lot of it depends on the political landscape; one of several threats, there are viral ones to consider too. There are growing fears about another wave of COVID-19. In light of concerning data around Omicron subvariants BA.4 and BA.5 Dr Patrick had some suggestions as to how the NHS could prepare. He said one of the keys was “investing properly in infrastructure now” as “training doctors, nurses and other workers takes time”.  The question of whether or not the NHS needs more funding is a divisive one; while some doctors on the frontline say it does, others in Parliament disagree. In comparison to other countries, the UK tends to spend less on its healthcare service. A 2019 report by the ONS (Office for National Statistics) found “of the G7 group of large, developed economies, UK healthcare spending per person was the second-lowest”. While the UK is behind Europe in healthcare spending, the concern is soon this will be reflected in the health of its citizens, a group facing summer as well as a winter of discontent. 