Aurelien Tchouameni has denied he has decided on his future amid a summer transfer battle between Liverpool and Real Madrid. The AS Monaco midfielder has flourished into one of Europe's most exciting young talents and is expected to make a big-money move ahead of the 2022-23 season. Links with Liverpool have recently cooled, with Tchouameni thought to be edging towards a switch to Real. Reports claim the 22-year-old has opted for Spain 'as a priority', and Real feel confident' as discussions with Monaco continue. However, Tchouameni has played down suggestions that he has already decided on his future, offering Liverpool reignited hope of securing his services next season. The highly-rated Frenchman has welcomed interest from the 'best clubs' but has stressed he is relaxed about his future. While on international duty, he told Telefoot: "Still no, [I haven't decided on my future]. It doesn't worry me because it's a position in which I [have] always wanted to be in. At the point in which the best clubs are following me, it means I am doing things well." JUST IN: Bayern Munich icon sheds light on Lewandowski and Gnabry situation Jurgen Klopp has strong midfield options available to him. His first-choice trio - Fabinho, Jordan Henderson and Thiago - was one of Europe's best last season as Liverpool narrowly missed out on a quadruple. But all three are ageing, and he has started building for the future in other positions. Tchouameni can operate as a tenacious anchorman or an energetic box-to-box midfielder, so the German coach's interest comes as no surprise. He boasts an incredibly high ceiling but has showcased world-class performance levels across the last two campaigns in France and would instantly demand a starting berth at Anfield. READ MORE: Harry Kane delivers verdict on Arsenal target as Arteta 'prepares bid' After Kylian Mbappe, Real Madrid's planned marquee summer addition snubbed the La Liga champions for a La Liga stay, they have seemingly prioritised Tchouameni. And if recent reports are to be believed, he has selected the Bernabeu as his preferred destination. But his recent comments could breathe hope into Liverpool's transfer plans and encourage the Reds to push for his signature with an improved offer to thwart Los Blancos. If the Champions League winners secure Tchouameni, he would be the second promising French midfielder to arrive in as many summers after Eduardo Camavinga's 2021 capture. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.