Germany will join England in taking the knee in a show of solidarity at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Manchester City midfielder Ilkay Gundogan has confirmed Germany will show their support alongside England. The Three Lions were booed by a crowd of schoolchildren when making the gesture ahead of the defeat to Hungary in Budapest on Saturday. But after Gareth Southgate said post-match that England would continue to take the knee, Germany’s Gundogan revealed on Monday that the home side will join them in Munich. "We will go down on our knees together with the English, because we want to support this whole initiative," said Gundogan. "We did this last year at the Euros and of course we will do it here too. "I'm used to doing that from the English league, where we do it almost every match, so it's nothing new for me. We talked about it inside the team and we will support the opponent." DON'T MISS: Hungary boo boys soiled the occasion against England Southgate admitted to being very surprised by the reception in Budapest and blamed it on “inherited thinking”. “We are two nations with huge numbers of mixed-heritage nationals and think it is an important sign for everybody. We welcome that,” said Southgate. “They were supportive of the LBGTQ community as well when they played in Hungary last year - I think they were the first team to do that with the captain wearing the armband - and I think we are united in our beliefs on those things.” MUST READ...Murphy explains why Southgate would be better for Man Utd than Ten HagGareth Southgate blames England loss on Hungary star 'exaggerating'England lose to Hungary: Five we things learned as Mount struggles The unified stance nips in the bud any danger of a repeat in Munich in what will be the first meeting between the sides in Germany since 2017. German football has been proactive in its anti-racism stance. Ahead of the Tokyo Olympics, the German team walked off the pitch during a friendly against Honduras after alleged racial abuse directed at Jordan Torunarigha.