Emma Raducanu burst onto the scene at Wimbledon 12 months ago, going from home sweetheart wildcard to fourth round shock as she became the first British woman since Elena Baltacha in 2002 to reach at least the third round at SW19. However, her fairytale run ended in the fourth round when she was forced to retire against Australian Ajla Tomljanovic - but Raducanu truly made a name for herself at the US Open. The Flushing Meadows tournament proved to be her crowning moment. The teenager stunned the world to claim her maiden Grand Slam title in just her second major tournament, mere months after making her professional debut. Raducanu claimed the record for the fewest majors played prior to winning a title in the Open Era while she became the first British woman to win a Grand Slam singles title since Virginia Wade won Wimbledon at 1977. She also became the first qualifier in the Open Era to win a Grand Slam title, and she did it without dropping a set as she defeated Leylah Fernandez in the final. As a result, Raducanu flew up the WTA rankings to land at World No. 23. After months battling injury and coaching changes, Raducanu enters Wimbledon ranked 11th in the world - the highest ranking she has achieved in her career to date. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu to enter Wimbledon draw as Brit's team hopeful she's fit Raducanu has a net worth of just over £4 million heading into the 2022 edition of Wimbledon, and while endorsement deals with the likes of Porsche, Tiffany & Co., Evian and Dior help, her career prize money is impressive after just a year. Raducanu has earned just under £2.7 million already, largely boosted by the £1.8 million she took home after winning the US Open. Since her US Open triumph, the Brit has become one of the most sought-after marketed stars in the world. Along with the aforementioned brands, Raducanu is an ambassador for the likes of British Airways and Vodafone too. The deal with mobile phone giant Vodafone is believed to be worth approximately £3 million annually, while she was seen donning Tiffany during her US Open run after signing with the jewellers following Wimbledon. She acts as a global ambassador for British Airways, who fly her to tournaments and training around the world. DON'T MISSJohn McEnroe offers Nadal injury advice to 'get through' WimbledonSerena Williams Wimbledon setback as Ons Jabeur suffers injuryRafael Nadal laughs off Grigor Dimitrov request - 'I'm very expensive' Raducanu has also been signed with Nike for almost four years, although this deal was reportedly renegotiated after she found success in 2021. The Nike outfit which she wore when winning the US Open has also been donated to the Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island. Her lucrative sponsorship deals are being organised and negotiated by IMG’s Max Eisenbud on her behalf, with the agent having previously worked with five-time Grand Slam champion Maria Sharapova. Thanks to her immense success in 2021, Raducanu was also named BBC Sports Personality of the Year and awarded an MBE in the New Year’s Honour’s list.