Currently, RAC Fuel Watch shows prices are “likely to rise” with unleaded selling at an average price of 183.16p per litre and diesel at 188.82p a litre. Some motorists have already tried some hypermiling techniques to boost their fuel economy, but road users are now being advised to try them.  Mark Akbar, Managing Director at CarStore, suggested that drivers could utilise some of the tips to help lower their fuel bills. He said: “As prices at the pump are increasing rapidly and the cost-of-living crisis escalates, it’s more important than ever that drivers make the most out of every drop of fuel, improving driving economy and saving themselves money in the process. “There are many different techniques and habits you can incorporate into everyday driving that will have a positive impact on your vehicle's fuel economy. “Try following even just a few of CarStore’s tips and tricks below and you may be pleasantly surprised just how much difference a change in driving style and habits can make to the miles per gallon you’ll achieve.” READ MORE: Cyclist only gets a warning after jumping a red light One of the biggest factors in terms of fuel economy is the performance of the tyres. Estimates vary and other factors affect your miles per gallon but underinflated tyres could be increasing your fuel consumption from anywhere between three percent and 10 percent. The legal limit for minimum depth of the tread on tyres is 1.6 millimetres, across the central three-quarters of the tread around the complete circumference of the tyre. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use 'key trick' to save money on fuel [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel [REVEALED]Most drivers don't know basic Highway Code rules - risk of fines [SHOCKING] Drivers are warned not to over-rev the engine, as it uses more fuel, making the engine work harder by being in a gear that’s too low for the speed and terrain. Generally, petrol cars are at their most economical between 1500 and 2500 rpm, and diesel is usually between 1300 and 2000 rpm. According to the RAC, cars are most efficient when driving between 45 and 50mph. Motorists should adhere to speed limits at all times so that they aren't breaking the law, but saving money is another solid reason to do so. Travelling above the national speed limit at 80mph instead of 70mph will use an extra 10 percent of fuel, in addition to the speeding costs. Slowing down and speeding up increases fuel usage in a big way, so letting the car maintain the exact cruising speed whenever possible is one of the most efficient ways to get around. When a car is at a standstill and the engine is turned on and idling, the car will get zero miles per gallon from the fuel. Because of this, drivers are urged to turn their car off when waiting to pick someone up or in a drive-thru queue. Many modern cars with "stop/start" technology save fuel by turning the engine off while the vehicle is stationary.