Sophie, Countess of Wessex joined Kate Middleton for the Order of the Garter Service at Windsor Castle today. Prince Edward’s wife chose a beautiful soft pink dress, said to be by Valentino and paired it with a neutral fascinator and small diamond brooch. This is not a new dress for the Countess of Wessex - she wore it in March 2017 for an evening reception during a visit to Malawi. She then wore the dress to the RHS Chelsea Flower Show that same year. The dress features bell sleeves and an A-line skirt which falls below the knee. Sophie opted for neutral accessories; a pair of nude high heels and a nude crocodile pattern clutch bag. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson enchanting in 'wonderful' emerald dress - pictures She chose a cream hat which featured white feathers, and her hair was styled into a chic up-do. This hat has also come from Sophie’s wardrobe; she once wore it in 2018 to celebrate the NHS’ 70th birthday. For jewellery, the Countess kept it simple with a pair of diamond drop earrings and a small diamond flower brooch. The brooch is also from Sophie’s jewellery box, she had it pinned on a bright blue coat back in 2019, when attending the Sovereign's Parade at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. DON'T MISS...Best way to store lettuce - fresh and crispy for 3 weeks [HACK]Look younger: Beauty fans praise £16 ‘natural facelift’ massage roller [REVIEWS]Interior tips: Why you need to use a compass when painting rooms white [EXCLUSIVE] One royal fan commented: “Two lovely, elegant Royal ladies - the Duchess of Cambridge and the Countess of Wessex.” “I love them together. The Duchess of Cambridge and Countess of Wessex,” someone else said. A third added: “Wow!!!! My favorite Royal ladies wearing my favorite shades of Pink and Blue!!!” “Two beautiful women with grace and dignity,” a tweet read. Sophie was one of many royals to attend today’s Order of the Garter. As for what the Order of the Garter is, it is an  order of chivalry founded by Edward III of England in 1348 and is the oldest national order of knighthood. It is also one of the most exclusive – only 24 knights are allowed at any given time, along with the British monarch and the Prince of Wales. Knights of the Garter are chosen personally by the sovereign to honour those who have held public office, who have contributed in a particular way to national life or who have served the sovereign personally. Kate Middleton, on the other hand, opted for a beautiful blue dress. The coat dress is believed to be a new item in the Duchess' wardrobe. She chose navy Aquazzura slingback heels, and a hat designed by Juliette Botterill Millinery London.