While this stage is final for the patient, it is also final for the friends and family of the patient in question. As a result, Cancer Research UK say it is important to know these symptoms as it “can help carers and relatives know what to expect” and begin to prepare them for what is to come. Cancer Research UK say: “When death is very near, you might notice some physical changes such as changes in breathing, loss of bladder control, and unconsciousness.” They add this is part of the body’s “natural process[es] of slowing down all its functions. How long this takes varies from person to person”. READ MORE: Arthritis breakthrough: Research may have found a way to treat and even reverse arthritis The process is akin to a big machine shutting down for the last time; all the components power off and slowly all the lights go out. As easy as this process is to put into words, the experience cannot be so succinctly put. Cancer Research UK add: “It can be emotionally very difficult to watch someone go through these physical changes. But they are part of the natural dying process. “They don’t mean that the person is uncomfortable or in distress.”  Normally when a patient is experiencing these symptoms they have entered a stage known as end of life care. As part of this process, they will be accompanied by carers providing pain relief and assistance. The role of these carers is to make the experience of dying as comfortable as possible for the patient. It’s an experience shared by all too many people each year, but it is a time often marked by families coming together. Cancer Research UK also lists other changes that can occur when someone is in the final stages of cancer including:• Difficulty swallowing• Loss of appetite• Restless movements• Noisy breathing• Cold feet, hands, arms, and legs• Confusion and disorientation. Not all of these symptoms will happen at once or at all, some may develop all or none, instead passing away in their sleep. While the pain of the patient is important to manage, so too is the pain of those they leave behind. Cancer Research UK add: “You might need support and help yourself when someone close to you is dying. “Try not to worry that you are going to do something wrong. Being with your loved one and letting them know you love and care for them is the most important thing.” The challenge through the last days is to cherish the time you have with each other and to embrace each moment as you pass through it together.