Coronation Street residents were rocked by the death of Imran (played by Charlie De Melo) and left Toyah (Georgia Taylor) heartbroken. His death came after she drove full speed into a wall when she found out he had lied during the custody battle of baby Alfie. Now, trying to move on with her life, she joins a protest surrounding the recycling scheme Maria Connor (Samia Longchambom) tried to impose and puts a call out for some reinforcement. However, she gets the shock of her life when her ex-husband Spider (Martin Hancock) returns to the cobbles. Geoffrey David Nugent, AKA Spider, is set to return to the cobbles after 25 years away from the ITV soap. Martin recently opened up to Express.co.uk, and other press about the long history Spider and Toyah have, teasing their reunion. Martin exclusively revealed: "Whenever they parted ways, it's always been with love in their hearts and kindness, they've always been friends. "The bottom line is, whether they're together or not together, Spider thinks the world of her she thinks the world of him and they'll always be that way. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns "There's just that partnership, which are partnerships for life, whether it's together or whether it's his friend, it doesn't matter. And I think Spider and Toyah are like that." Martin also discussed the death of Imran and the impact it had on Toyah and explained that Spider would like to be a shoulder to cry on for her. "I think that Spider is a man who wants the best for everyone, but particularly for those he cares about, and he cares well for Toyah," he went on. "So I think he's more than happy to be a shoulder to cry on, and who knows what else you know, you never know, Spider." Official spoilers reveal that after the pair's unexpected reunion, Toyah invites Spider to stay over after she breaks down talking about Imran's death. With the pair's romantic history, could she remember the good times and want more from Spider? The pair have been out of contact for a very long time, with Toyah not knowing anything about his life, especially if he is with anyone. If she begins to fall for Spider once again, could she be leading herself down the road of heartbreak if he reveals he has a girlfriend? Or even worse, a wife? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street’s Spider star ‘nervous’ to return to ITV soap  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor exit as she’s killed  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Summer Spellman vanishes from cobbles [MORE] Upcoming scenes show Toyah returning to work at Underworld after she tells Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) that she will repay her for the legal bills. Wanting to do something better with her time and take her mind off the recent events, Toyah begins to protest against waste incineration. Leanne, Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), Brian Packham (Peter Gunn), Nina Lucas (Mollie Gallagher) and Asha Alahan (Tanisha Gorey) join Toyah and successfully block the council bin wagon on Victoria Street. Taking the protest one step further and disappointing Leanne, Toyah decided to jump into the cab of a bin wagon, where she is confronted by Spider. Georgia recently touched on Spider's return and told Express.co.uk she was shocked but knew "it kind of made sense". "I was like, 'Of course, you would bring him back, why wouldn't you bring him back?' And I know a lot of our stuff has been on classic Corrie recently, and I get a lot of tweets like, 'Bring back Spider.' "People love that character, and people love us together, so when he said it, I thought, 'Okay, yeah, that makes sense,' and then when it was announced, it was phenomenal. "It is going to be a real shift, but we have that history, it was a long time ago, and when I have seen him since, it just felt natural and normal, he is going to be cracking, and I can't wait to get started." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.