Tulsa Police in Oklahoma issued an update after a gunman went on a shooting spree at the Natalie Building on the St Francis Hospital campus. Deputy Police Chief Eric Dalgleish revealed officers received a call about an active shooter at 4:52pm (8:52pm GMT) and arrived at the scene within three minutes.   Tulsa Police had confirmed four people, including the shooter, died in the incident. However, in a subsequent update, officers raised the number to five. The perpetrator, who was identified as a black male aged between 35 and 40, was armed with a rifle and a handgun at the scene, officials revealed. Mr Dalgleish said officers believe the shooter was killed by a "self-inflicted" gunshot wound. JUST IN: US baby milk crisis: Biden orders emergency flights from UK to help mums across the pond Responding to the incident, GOP Senator James Lankford said: "Cindy and I are heartbroken to hear the devastating news out of Tulsa this evening. "We are praying for the families of the lives that were taken far too soon and for a full recovery for those who were injured today. "It is hard to process the anger that motivates someone to commit such violence, especially at a place that provides care and healing." Senator Jim Inhofe, also a Republican, added: "As we continue to learn new information about the terrible situation in Tulsa today, one thing is clear: tragedy is in the loss of life. READ MORE: Putin orders nuclear drills as Biden sends rocket systems to Ukraine "Kay and I are praying for comfort for the victim’s families and loved ones as they go through this hard time as well as those who suffered injury. "I am thankful for the law enforcement officers and first responders who responded to the situation swiftly and with bravery." White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre revealed Joe Biden has been briefed about the shooting in Oklahoma. She said: "President Biden has been briefed on the shooting in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The White House is closely monitoring the situation and has reached out to state and local officials to offer support." DON'T MISS: Senior ally of Boris Johnson loses confidence [WATCH]Brexit: Row erupts on HGV Dover chaos as Remoaners fume [LISTEN]Minister fails to convert 'universally understood' imperial units  [INSIGHT] The incident comes just days after Mr Biden visited Uvalde in Texas following a shooting at Robb Elementary School which resulted in 19 children and two teachers being killed. The Texas school shooting has led to calls for stricter gun laws to be enforced across America. Mr Biden even pledged to take steps towards changing the law on gun control. He said: "We’re committed to turning this pain into action."