Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall arrived in the first carriage of the traditional daily royal procession alongside Vice-Admiral Sir Tony Johnstone-Burt - Master of the Household. The Queen confirmed she would not be attending the second day of the race either but the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall ensured she could be present in spirit. The pair was noted to have left an empty seat in their carriage, with ITV commentator Ed Chamberlain suggesting it was a symbolic nod to Her Majesty.  Mr Chamberlain said: "I'm just assuming that the seat is left empty as a mark of respect because Her Majesty The Queen is not here today. "Let's hope she comes tomorrow, tomorrow is the day of the Gold Cup. "But the Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles are very much at the forefront again." Co-presenter Charlotte Hawkins added: "We're keeping our fingers crossed that the Queen will be able to join us at some point but I think you're right about leaving that empty seat in her honour. JUST IN: Princess Beatrice lets slip new title as she unveils sweet tribute to Edo in official name "The Duchess of Cornwall again – what a beautiful creme. "Yesterday we saw her in a bright vibrant color but she's got a hat on that's going to serve as a bit of a sun shade because it's another warm day today." Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex also joined the royal procession for the second day in a row. Princess Beatrice, who during the first day of the racing meeting walked through the gates, travelled in the third carriage with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Royal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK after Lilibet snub Russell and Tracy Rose, who have been regulars at Royal Ascot for decades, said it was a shame the Queen missed another day at the races but sympathised with the monarch. Mr Rose said: "She's an elderly lady and is conserving her energy and seems to be conscious about what she does. But I wouldn't be surprised to see her make an appearance later this week if she can. "Everybody would love to see her here." The Queen's outings have been limited over recent months after Buckingham Palace confirmed she was struggling with mobility issues.