Antonio Conte is seriously interested in bringing Lautaro Martinez to Tottenham this summer, according to reports in his homeland. The Italian tactician has endured disappointment in the transfer market this week after his former player Alessandro Bastoni opted to stay at Inter Milan despite being identified as Spurs' top summer target. Following a meeting with the Nerazzurri, the defender's agent confirmed the centre-back will be going nowhere despite firm interest from both Tottenham and Manchester United. It means Conte and Fabio Paratici have been forced to go back to the drawing board - despite already wrapping up deals for Fraser Forster and Inter's Ivan Perisic. Yet instead of crying over spilt milk, Conte is reportedly prepared to launch another transfer assault on his former employers. According to Alfredo Pedulla, Martinez is next on the Italian's radar, as he targets a reunion with his former striker. READ MORE: Tottenham receive 'Harry Kane enquiry' from Bayern Munich after 'offering' new contract Together, the pair ended nine years of Juventus dominance to fire Inter to their first Scudetto in 11 years last season. Martinez's agent Alejandro Camano recently declared the striker was happy at Inter, though, seemingly ruling out a summer switch. “We are not depending on a transfer. He is at Inter, he is happy, the city is wonderful," he said. “Sometimes the press publishes things about a transfer but Lautaro is thinking about Inter, giving the people of Inter joy, becoming champions and working for the World Cup.” READ MORETottenham 'to make £26m swap deal bid' for Alessandro Bastoni in final transfer attemptTottenham 'in Pau Torres swap deal talks' with Villarreal after Man Utd transfer hesitanceTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal Lautaro came close to joining Tottenham last summer after Spurs struck a £60m deal with Inter Milan. However, the Italian champions soon pulled the plug on the move after reluctantly agreeing to sell Romelu Lukaku back to Chelsea for £97.5m. Inter are still experiencing financial difficulty away from the field and another significant sale could help them balance the books. But Martinez is considered untouchable by Inter chiefs, who would have no interest in selling their talismanic centre-forward. The Serie A giants are now closing in on a deal to sign Paulo Dybala on a free transfer from Juventus. The Argentine's representatives remain in talks with Inter over a contract with Dybala keen to stay in Italy after snubbing the chance to explore a move to the Premier League. His arrival is unlikely to impact Inter's attempts to bring Lukaku back to the San Siro either and talks remain ongoing with Chelsea over a deal. The Belgian could return to his old side on a straight loan, although he would prefer to make a permanent switch.