Ryan Garcia lost £16,000 ($20,000) after making a ringside bet with Errol Spence Jr and his reaction says it all. The lightweight contender was at the Barclays Center to watch Gervonta Davis take on Rolando Romero last weekend and made a sporting bet with the current unified welterweight world champion, Spence Jr. Garcia bet $20,000 that his former sparring partner Romero would win the contest despite the bookies backing Davis as the heavy favourite. In a video posted to Spence Jr’s Instagram, the pair agreed to the bet. Garcia, 23, said: "20k I've got on Rollies, he's got on Tank." Spence, 32, replied: "Yeah. Don't play with me." Davis went on to score a brutal highlight-reel knockout over Romero in the sixth round and as Showtime cameras panned to the crowd, Garcia was seen looking utterly dejected. talkSPORT journalist Michael Benson captured the moment on Twitter with the caption: “The moment Ryan Garcia lost his $20,000 bet with Errol Spence as Gervonta Davis KOd Rolly Romero…” Shortly after the result, Spencer Jr posted another video on Instagram: "That s*** turned bad quick for ya man’s,” said Spence Jr. To which Garcia responded: "Send me your wire info." Garcia’s next fight will be against former WBA ‘regular’ super-featherweight champion Javier Fortuna on July 16. Providing he beats Fortuna he is expected to face Gervonta Davis in their much-anticipated fight. “Golden Boy [Garcia’s promotional company] will not be able to [prevent it],” Garcia told Sports Illustrated’s Chris Mannix back in May. “They can’t. I will not allow it. There’s no way. I will go to war to fight Tank. I’m ready to do whatever I got to do, because at the end of the day that fight is going to get me my respect, and I think I deserve that. So, I’m up for the challenge. I’m very confident in beating him. He’s a great fighter, don’t get me wrong. But I’m just that much greater. And I want to show him, I want to show everybody what I could do, and that that’s the fight to make. Everybody wants to see it, and I’m ready now.” The undefeated Californian is currently 22-0 as a professional with his most recent fight coming against unproven Ghanaian prospect Emmanuel Tagoe. Before this fight, Garcia recorded a career-best stoppage victory over Luke Campbell in 2021. Davis who has bounced between super-feather, lightweight, and super-lightweight in recent fights is a former super-featherweight world champion with big wins over Leo Santa Cruz, José Pedraza, and Isaac Cruz. For the most part, ‘Tank’ has remained fairly quiet on the possibility of the fight.