Tom Parker's widow, Kelsey Hardwick, has made fans tear up as she gave an insight into her and the couple's young daughter Aurelia’s grieving process. She took to Instagram earlier today to show the activity they had been sharing that helped Aurelia understand her beloved dad’s death. Kelsey uploaded a video of Aurelia hatching butterflies and releasing them in the garden so they can fly away. The video, shared in view of Kelsey’s 350,000 followers, was composed of other shorter clips showing the process of releasing the beautiful insects. She explained how the young girl now understands that “Daddy flew with the angels and butterflies”. Kelsey wrote the caption: “Aurelia understands that Daddy flew with the angels and butterflies so it was super special to help these new butterflies come into the world and fly off into the sky... “I am finding some comfort in the everyday beauty of the world. “The sun is shining here and we're trying to find magic in the every day.” Fans and friends of the late The Wanted star and his wife soon rushed to the comments section to share their thoughts on Kelsey’s update and send her their support. Tonijmcleod said: “Lovely. I used to do this with the children I supervised as a pre-school leader. “They loved watching the changes in the life cycle.” Shanelh79 added: “Beautiful. I’m so sorry your Tom isn’t physically there with you and your gorgeous babies. “My heart breaks for you all being a mum of 2 young ones myself.” Alanah.92 commented: “That's a beautiful way of dealing with things Kelsey. READ MORE...Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [UPDATE]Gorka Marquez supported by Gemma Atkinson as injury forces show exit [INSIGHT] “Your such an amazing mummy to your beautiful babies. Tom would be so proud of you all.xxx” (sic) Mazzym333 typed: “This is beautiful, I’m always so struck by your resilience and strength, you’re a fantastic mother and role model Kelsey. Much love.” Tom’s death was confirmed on Wednesday, March 30, 2022, after fighting a brain tumour "until the very end”. Kelsey shared the tragic news on Instagram, sparking an outpouring of grief from his fans and The Wanted bandmates, who paid tribute to their “brother”. She penned at the time: “It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. Our hearts are broken. “Tom was the centre of our world and we can't imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. “We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom's light continues to shine for his beautiful children. “Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I'm forever proud of you.”