Prince William took a front-and-centre role in this month’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, along with his father, Prince Charles. The two direct heirs to the throne stepped in for the Queen, 96, across the extended weekend, as she pulled out of a number of Jubilee events after experiencing “discomfort”. But following the Jubilee celebrations, some have looked to the future of the monarchy after such a historic reign. Reports of internal divides in the Royal Family have continued since the Jubilee, particularly surrounding the role of Prince Andrew. Petronella Wyatt, who is the daughter of Lord Woodrow Wyatt, a close friend of the Queen Mother, questioned whether the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations were a “fond farewell to the monarchy” which will “struggle to outlast the Queen”. She told the Daily Mail: “The Queen’s heirs can’t hold it together. “Charles thinks he’s leader of the Opposition, William is petulant and their family petty squabbles are in the papers almost daily. “This would not have happened on Prince Philip’s watch.” This comes after reports that the Prince of Wales, 73, and the Duke of Cambridge, 39, lobbied the Queen to keep Prince Andrew away from significant Royal Family events. The Duke of York had been scheduled to attend the annual Garter Day celebrations earlier this week, entering back into the public spotlight after missing the Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK Yet the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s biographer, Omid Scobie, has claimed that the Duke was “crushed” and “confused” after an intervention by William and Charles. Prince Andrew did not attend the colourful procession, but was involved in the private elements of the day. The Sun claimed the Duke was told his absence would be for “his own good” after William and Charles stressed the danger of a “backlash”. A source said: “It was a decision taken by the household for the best interests of the family but also the best interests of the Duke of York.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation? [VOTE] William and Charles were ‘right’ to block Andrew from Garter Day [REVEAL] Scobie added that maintaining Andrew in parts of royal life was “damaging” and “reflects terribly on the family”. Royal expert Katie Nicholl said Prince William and Prince Charles were “adamant” Andrew should not return to senior royal duties, hoping to “ride the wave of goodwill” from the “success of the Jubilee”. A family source told Vanity Fair: “There are tensions because the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge want Andrew to be kept away from any public engagements. “They do not want him to return to public life, full stop. “The Jubilee was such a success and they were all overwhelmed by how well everything went. “They want to ride this wave of goodwill, not have Andrew and his scandals overshadowing the good work the rest of the family is doing.”