Arsenal hero Hector Bellerin is reportedly willing to waiver the rest of his salary on his current Gunners contract as he enters the final year of his deal - with the star itching for a return to Real Betis after a fruitful loan spell last season. Bellerin joined the Andalusian side on a year-long loan spell in August and thoroughly impressed by making 32 appearances at the Estadio Benito Villamarin. Winning the Copa del Rey, finishing fifth in La Liga and reaching the knockout stages of the Europa League, Bellerin appears to have finally found a home in southern Spain after being a fringe player at the Emirates since 2018. And according to Estadio Deportivo, the pacey right-back has offered to waive the final year of his salary in north London in order for the Beticos to afford him - potentially leaving himself £5.7million out of pocket in the process. The report states that Arsenal initially wanted an £8.6m fee from Betis to allow him to permanently move to Seville. Roma and Fiorentina were also interested in him at that price, but as a Spaniard and after supposedly begging Mikel Arteta to let him move on loan to the Spanish giants, Bellerin has his eyes set on a permanent move to Manuel Pellegrini's men. A fee may be difficult for Betis to stump up despite his relatively cheap price, leaving talks a relative stumbling block to overcome. But Bellerin has offered for Arsenal to waive the £5.7m - a figure that he would earn in a year at the Emirates, according to Spotrac - in order to allow him to leave for good. As a result, this is a solution that could potentially allow Betis to secure his signature at some point in the summer transfer window as they look to strengthen ahead of another gruelling campaign. The star spoke out about his future in October, claiming he would want to be at the club permanently from the start of his loan spell. "I don't know, but I've always said it: if I didn't want to be here next year I wouldn't have come from the beginning," Bellerin told El Desmarque. "There are many things that are yet to be decided but what I want to do is enjoy this year that I am here. And what has to happen will happen." His departure would give Arsenal funds of almost £10m to strengthen the squad ahead of the new Premier League season. With Fabio Vieira arriving, the club are also reportedly interested in Gabriel Jesus, Lisandro Martinez and Youri Tielemans. And with that trio likely to cost over £100m combined, any incoming transfer fees will help Arsenal massively in achieving their goals for the transfer window. Mikel Arteta's men start the season away at Crystal Palace on August 5.