In a bid to help Britons keep their houseplants healthy, Hammonds Furniture analysed Google data to find out which plants are the most popular in the UK. According to the research, the peace lily, also known as Spathiphyllum, is one of the most “difficult” houseplants to care for, with more than 8,000 owners searching for help on how to care for the plant. The experts at Hammonds said: “When it comes to humidity and temperature, the peace lily needs a more particular set up. “They should be kept away from cold draughts, and will do best in a humid room, such as a bathroom. “However, you can place your peace lily on display elsewhere in your home and mist the plant every few days.” Misting houseplants is a very simple and effective way to boost humidity. READ MORE: Kate & William's move to Adelaide Cottage is 'a downsize' - see inside It is also an easy solution to the risk of overwatering houseplants. It particularly benefits tropical plants to mimic their natural environment. The experts continued: “Your peace lily should be watered weekly. “Make sure to check that the soil is dry before you water.” DON'T MISS:How much water should you give plants in containers? Try the 10% rule [COMMENT]Pruning ‘mistakes’ to avoid ‘permanently’ damaging garden plants [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 ‘game-changing’ hack to unblock sinks [EXPLAINER] If the houseplant is wilting, it is a sign of dehydration and needs to be watered more. Peace lilies often pick themselves back up within a few days. Hammonds added: “If the plant is drooping and its leaves are yellow, hold back on the watering as your plant has been overwatered and needs a break.” Leaves which are crisp to touch are a sign the plant has been suffering from too much sunlight. Peace lilies need consistently moist soil, but they don’t like to sit in standing water. The best way to water the plant is to wait until the overflow starts to come out of the bottom of the container before placing it back in its saucer. If able to, it is recommended to use rainwater to water peace lilies. Tap water can be harmful to the majority of houseplants because it contains less salts, minerals and treatment chemicals. Samantha Jones, gardening expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk, also shared top tips with Hammonds on how to care for indoor plants. She explained: “Bringing plants into your home can be beneficial to freshen up the atmosphere. Aside from being visually appealing and improving the aesthetics of your home, plants have a calming effect on us. “Overall, the care of your plant is essential, so it is vital to make sure you give it the correct care. “There are some essential tips to follow if you’re just starting your houseplant journey. “Keep your potting soil moist, the soil must neither be too wet nor too dry.” The gardening expert also recommended using a pot with drainage holes to avoid overwatering the plant.