Sadio Mane could reportedly be set to benefit from a generous offer from Liverpool team-mate Thiago Alcantara should a summer transfer to Bayern Munich materialise. The Senegal international is understood to be keen on a new challenge following six successful seasons at Anfield. Mane kept his cards to his chest surrounding his future ahead of the Reds' Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid last month. However, the 30-year-old is said to have since made his stance clear as he enters the last year of his contract on Merseyside. The versatile forward shone in the latter stages of the season in an unfamiliar central role, with January signing Luis Diaz making the left-wing role his own. Mane was the Reds' top scorer following his African Cup of Nations success with Senegal, and recently became his country's all-time leading goalscorer with strikes against Benin. Now, the Daily Mail claim Thiago has offered his team-mate the use of his Munich mansion if he ends up sealing a move to Bayern in this window. The former Barcelona star spent seven seasons in Bavaria, before swapping the Allianz Arena for Anfield two years ago. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah risks Jurgen Klopp backlash after rejecting Liverpool request on Egypt duty  Mane's future has dominated the headlines in recent days, and the forward has attracted controversy for his comments while on international duty. The wantaway star suggested he would follow the will of the Senegalese people, saying 'I respect the fans and team but 60 to 70 per cent of Senegalese want me to leave Liverpool? I'll do what they want'. Mane was then quizzed on his next club, with La Liga giants Barcelona and Real Madrid suggested as potential destinations alongside Munich. The forward joked how his last response had got him into trouble, before offering the surprise answer of his favourite club being Marseille. READ MORE  Matthijs de Ligt 'rules out Man Utd' and would only join four clubs including LiverpoolLiverpool 'looking to wrap up second summer signing this week' with transfer talks ongoingLiverpool set to open bidding for Scottish wonderkid who could be the next Robertson    Mane then later clarified his responses, saying: “I spoke yesterday while joking with a bit of humour and it was everywhere. I think we'll stop there. Liverpool is a club I respect a lot. The fans adopted me since day one. Regarding the future, we'll see.” Darwin Nunez and Raphinha are among the attackers linked with a move to Liverpool as Jurgen Klopp eyes up a replacement for Mane. However, the Reds have suffered an early setback with Aurelien Tchouameni reportedly agreeing a summer switch to Real Madrid. READ MORE: Liverpool icon James Milner mirrors Totti, Giggs and other stars with contract call  Nunez impressed in both legs of Benfica's Champions League quarter-final defeat to the Reds, and the Uruguay international is a man in demand following a standout campaign. However, reports indicate Liverpool are reluctant to pay over the odds for a forward who has been heavily linked with a switch to rivals Manchester United. Raphinha is another forward who has been tipped as a potential replacement for Mane, with the Brazil international making an instant impact in the Premier League since joining Leeds United in October 2020. The former Stade Rennais star has two years left on his contract, and the latest reports indicate he is keen to join Barcelona this summer. 