From July 6, 2022, all new cars sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a new legal requirement to improve road safety. It had previously been assumed that the UK would also adopt the law as the Government has retained most European Union laws for automotive issues. The speed limiters will come in the form of Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) technology, which have been heralded as being able to potentially reduce the number of collisions. The ISA technology is dependent on GPS tracking and cameras on the vehicle and would help slow the vehicle down to follow speed limits on the roads they are driving on. It was developed in response to the European Transport Safety Council which reported that 26,000 road deaths happen in Europe every year, with speed being a key factor. The speed limiters have become an incredibly controversial driving law addition, with many concerned over the implementation of a software which could distract the driver. READ MORE: Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' Some are also worried about the fact that they will be able to be overridden by pressing on the accelerator, which potentially presents further safety worries. Speaking in April, Jacob Rees-Mogg slammed the idea of introducing speed limiters, saying that the Government is considering ditching the plans. The Conservative MP for North East Somerset hinted that it was because of a desire not to follow EU rules. Rees-Mogg, who is also the Minister for Brexit Opportunities, added: "I don’t care what the EU does anymore. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [URGENT]Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [WARNING] “I better be careful ... I don’t want to upset collective responsibility too much. “We may be putting speed limiters on people’s cars because the EU’s doing it. “Because the EU’s doing it is no argument for doing anything anymore. “We want to get away from this mentality.” Despite Brexit, the Department for Transport said that no decisions had been made on which safety regulations would be introduced in the UK. Express.co.uk have contacted the Department for Transport whether the plans to implement speed limiters are still expected to go ahead. The 2019/2044 regulation will also mandate that all new cars which have already launched be fitted with an Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) by July 7, 2024. When they are introduced in the EU and potentially the UK, drivers will be able to turn the road safety feature off. Recently, Ford unveiled plans to introduce “geofencing technology” to create a virtual area where vehicles slow down, rather than relying on drivers spotting signs. As well as potentially making streets safer for other road users and pedestrians, Ford’s Geofencing Speed Limit Control system could help drivers avoid inadvertently incurring speeding fines and improve roadside appearances. In Europe, up to 29 per cent of road fatalities are pedestrians and cyclists, depending on the country. Setting up 30 km/h (18.6mph) zones is considered one of the key measures to reduce the risk to pedestrians in urban areas, as drivers have more time to react and the impact speed is lower.