The Homes for Ukraine scheme means you don't have to feel lonely while living in the UK. Your immediate family members - including partners you've been living with for at least two years - are also eligible to come and stay. That could include your husband or wife, a civil partner, children under 18, parents if you're under 18, or even siblings. Even better, they don't even need to be Ukrainian - as long as they're immediate family members, they're more than welcome. You sadly won't be able to live directly with friends, as your applications will need to be separate. But that doesn't stop them from applying themselves! If you're both successful in your applications for the Homes for Ukraine scheme, you could always meet up in the UK for a cup of tea or a slice of cake. You're eligible for the scheme if you're a Ukraine national, and lived in Ukraine before January 1 2022. The UK government said: "The scheme is open to Ukrainian nationals who were residents in Ukraine prior to 1 January 2022. "It is also open to their immediate family members and family members of such Ukrainian nationals: a spouse, a civil partner, an unmarried partner [must have lived together in a relationship for two years], children under-18, parent if you are under-18, fiancé[e] or a proposed civil partner. These individuals may be of other nationalities. "Children under the age of 18 must be applying as part of a family unit which includes their parent or legal guardian to be eligible for the scheme. That family unit must stay together in the same sponsor accommodation. "Children who are currently outside of the UK can use the scheme to reunite with their parent or legal guardian who is currently living in the UK, if they are the child’s sponsor." Of course, many people consider their pets as family too - and they're no different. Normally, you'll be able to bring in your pet from overseas if they're microchipped, have a pet passport, and have been vaccinated against rabies. But the UK appreciates that might've been tricky if you were fleeing your home, and a new streamlined process has been introduced for anyone coming to the country via the Homes for Ukraine scheme. Quick approvals and relevant quarantine arrangements will all be arranged by the Animal and Plant Health Agency, and all of the costs will be completely free.