Monty Don returned for another episode of Gardeners’ World on BBC Two. The 66-year-old shared how to prune citrus trees, repot agapanthus, plant tomato plants and pot up dahlias on the latest episode of the programme. Monty said now it’s June, it’s safe to say there will be no more frost which means gardeners can plant out and put out tender plants. Tender plants include popular dahlias which won’t survive frosty conditions. The gardening expert said he is trying a new variety this year called “Verrone’s Obsidian”. The is a simple flower with burgundy petals and a bright yellow centres. Monty planned to grow these dahlias in pots. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle He explained: “If you’re going to grow a dahlia in the pot, it wants to be as big as you possibly can. “If you have them too small, they run out of space and nutrition by about mid-August. “But if you’ve got a bigger pot, they can continue to grow, and you get nice big tubers.” Monty took the dahlias out of store in March, potted them up in old potting compost to grow them on and kept them in the cold frame to keep them frost-free. DON'T MISS‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [UPDATE]‘Critical to-do’ gardening task to grow ‘oversized’ peony blooms [ANALYSIS] The dahlias were hardened off for a week or two before being repotted. Monty showed viewers the plant’s root system which has tubers inside it. “It’s the tubers that hold the goodness that will create the flowers,” he said. He put the dahlia into the new pot and added a “fairly rich compost”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Dahlias need good drainage but they are also “quite greedy”. Monty advised gardeners to enrich a peat-free compost with their own garden compost or a bit of soil improver. Add grit or perlite to ensure there is enough drainage in the pot. Leave a little bit of space at the top of the pot so the dahlia can be watered.  The newly potted dahlias will need watering at least once a week. When watering, they will also need to be fed with a liquid seaweed. “With any luck, that will flower and shine right through summer”, he added. Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer.