A Place in the Sun property expert Leah is relatively new to the show but adores being able to help people find their dream homes in exotic locations. However, the constant travelling and working through the pandemic took its toll on Leah when she first started, and she exclusively told Express.co.uk that the early stages of joining the team were "the hardest part" of her job on the Channel 4 favourite. As she has been a presenter for several years, Leah explained that being on television wasn't a big deal to her. Where other property specialists on the show are nervous to get in front of the camera when they start, the art was already second nature to Leah. However, being on A Place in the Sun still came with its challenges. "Doing things on camera wasn't really the issue for me," the presenter explained while speaking to Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford "I think the main issue is being plucked from the lockdowns and Covid and everything like that after being indoors for the best part of two years. "I was suddenly thrust out of the safety of my home, so to speak, and then being around people, travelling, getting on planes, which I know sounds really bizarre now as I'm reflecting on it. "But at that time, it was still lockdown and it was still very minimal where you could go. "It was scary for a while because I'd never travelled in a pandemic before.  Leah continued: "It was all just very strange, especially going to places like the airport - you're used to it being really sort of buzzing and thriving and it has a certain atmosphere. "Actually, travelling during that time was very sombre and a bit scary in ways, you know. It definitely rose my anxiety. "So those are things that I struggled with more, the anxiety of travelling. I'm not a good flier anyway, so the lack of sleep and things like that and getting into new routines when I'm on the road. "Because like I said, I'd been locked down with everyone else going through Covid for two years and then suddenly, I'm how many thousands of miles away in another country and it's like, 'whoa.'" DON'T MISS... Springwatch viewers horrified by mass bird deaths 'What can be done?' [REACTION]EastEnders fans 'work out' Lola Pearce's death [THEORY]Sue Barker steps down from hosting Wimbledon after three decades [LATEST] However, being on the show "means so much" to Leah, who, unusually for the experts, got into the property industry after presenting rather than the other way around. "It means so much," she explained. "Because for me, when I first got the job, it's not just about a home in the sun. "It's not just about bricks and water. It's about people changing their lives and changing their lifestyles. "Many of us have been through so much in the last few years and continue to do so in the fallout of everything that's happened.  "And many people are looking to change their lives and they realise what's important in life and now it's health, it's family. "It's just having an effective way of living and trying to relieve stress in any kind of way. "And to be a part of that journey, to stand there with them at the beginning and say, 'What is it that you're looking for? What's the dream? What's the vision?' "And they tell me and then I'm able to find them somewhere in the end and then they go on to get it! "Then they say this is our dream and here we are, we've got it - it's amazing." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4. 