Serena Williams looks set to team up with sister Venus’ coach in her upcoming return from injury. The 23-time Major champion announced she would be playing Wimbledon this year and hinted at a showing at the Eastbourne warm-up tournament but is no longer with her long-term coach Patrick Mouratoglou, who is now working with Simona Halep. Williams confirmed on Tuesday that she would be returning to the All England Club, 12 months after injuring herself in her first-round match and being forced to retire six games in. She has not played since but could be making her long-awaited comeback as early as next week at the Eastbourne WTA 500 before moving onto Wimbledon. But the seven-time champion at SW19 will be without her long-term coach Mouratoglou, who started working with the American ten years ago, as he has now teamed up with two-time Major winner Simona Halep after revealing he gave Williams an ultimatum. It now appears that Serena will be seeking guidance from her sister Venus’ coach Eric Hechtman after he posted an Instagram story sharing his “excitement” for the trip with the younger Williams sister. “LFG. So pumped for this trip with the [goat emoji],” he wrote, re-posting the 40-year-old’s announcement of her participation at Wimbledon. He also tagged Williams and other members of her team, including hitting partner Jarmere Jenkens. Hechtman then reposted another story from the Ballymena Lawn Tennis Club saying: “The @serenawilliams comeback is on! And with none other than @ericechtman in her camp.” JUST IN: Roger Federer surprised by chance meeting with tattooed superfan  Earlier on Tuesday, the seven-time Wimbledon champion posted a photo of her white tennis shoes on a grass court and wrote: "SW and SW19. It’s a date. 2022. See you there. Let’s go." Williams also tagged the WTA 500 tournament in Eastbourne which begins next week, also hinting that she would return to the tournament for the first time in 11 years. Williams has not played since injuring herself on Centre Court almost a year ago and rumours of a secret retirement from tennis were rife when Mouratoglou confirmed he would be working with Halep earlier this year. "I went to ask her what she was going to do. It wasn't very clear to her. I asked her if she wanted to go to Roland Garros. She told me he didn't know. It was six weeks before the tour. I told her I was waiting for her on Monday for training and if she didn't come I would consider myself free," he said. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu explains being afraid and how she plans to bounce backTennis star Jelena Dokic almost took own life as she opens upEmma Raducanu plea made by Andy Murray ahead of Wimbledon return  Williams did not appear on Wimbledon's entry list after her ranking dropped too low to gain a spot in the draw following her year on the sidelines. The All England Club is set to announce their wildcards tomorrow, confirming her place in the drawn, while Eastbourne's widlcard announcement is also imminent. Venus' participation is also in question, with Hechtman failing to mention his charge in his Instagram post about the younger Williams' sister's comeback, though there is hope the pair could play doubles together at the All England Club.