Lorraine chatted about the latest royal news with Tina Brown, the author of the Palace Papers, during her show on Monday. However, following the segment, it has since been confirmed by Buckingham Palace that the Duke of York will not be appearing in public at the Garter Day service in Windsor but instead, will attend a private lunch and ceremony investing new members of the Order of the Garter. "You know, it's kind of how do you solve a problem like Andrew?" the host blasted. "What do you do? You know you want to be back at the Grenadier Guards. "The thing is, you should maybe ask them that question whether they want him back?" "They don't," royal author and expert Tina replied. "They absolutely don't. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series "I mean the military, that they just abhor him, quite frankly. "I mean, the big question is, where do you stash a very healthy 62-year-old man who doesn't want to go away? "Like it's not the Middle Ages where you can just throw him off into Pumphrey Castle or something and never hear from him again. "I don't quite know where you hide him and I don't know... perhaps you can tell me more but I don't think the Scots want him particularly." "Yeah, what is all that about sending him to Scotland?" Lorraine fumed. "To do what and to live where? We've got enough going on thanks very much. "That was the most bizarre situation, but you're right, it has to be a sort of charity thing. "Whether that would work or not, I don't know," the ITV presenter added. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT]Sherwood creator admits filming for BBC series ‘shut down’ [NEWS] The news of Prince Andrew's snub from the Garter Day ceremony comes after the royal missed out on taking part in the Trooping of the Colour for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It was also reported that Prince William and Prince Charles aired their concerns to the Queen about the Duke of York appearing at the Windsor celebration. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: “The Duke of York will attend the investiture and lunch today but will not be part of the procession or service.” The Queen will also not be taking part in the procession of Garter Knights who walk through the grounds of Windsor Castle to St George’s Hall. Prince Andrew's royal return was also the hot topic of discussion on Monday's Good Morning Britain. Royal expert Ingrid Seward told Susanna Reid she believes the royal should make comeback, but not right now. She pointed out that if the royal appeared in public, he could get booed. "I think probably the feeling among the royal household was the Monarchy actually have no power," Ingrid said. "The only power they have is by their popularity and the way that they have their influence, but they can influence by, you know what people feel about them. "So if people still feel very, very anti about Prince Andrew, having him appear publicly is not a good idea at all." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.