Fans have watched as Alan Halsall, 39, has undergone an incredible weight transformation over the years. Since joining Coronation Street when he was just 16, he is one of many soap stars to overhaul their lifestyle and shed some pounds. But how did he do it? The Tyrone Dobbs actor began shaping up during his marriage to former co-star and wife Lucy-Jo Hudson, and documented much of his progress on social media. He regularly shares snaps in hikes and at the gym. Fans first noticed Alan was getting into shape back in 2018, when he posted a topless photo in Ibiza. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake His impressive abs caught the attention of his followers with them wanting to know his weight loss "secrets". As well as regular gym sessions, the star also worked with a personal trainer. Speaking about his fitness regime, Alan explained: "I’ve had a PT (personal trainer) for about four/five months. I’ve been coming to the gym for a few years now. "I’ve transformed a little bit myself and people have seen that. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "I like to come (to the gym). I have a pre-workout meal, I work out, then I have a post-workout meal or a swim and a steam," he told The Sun. to come (to the gym). I have a pre-workout meal, I work out, then I have a post-workout meal or a swim and a steam." Not only does the soap actor lift weights, but he also completes a 2.5k run with two minutes of walking to warm up before he begins. His other top cardio choices are 2.5 miles of cycling, 2.5k of rowing, and 2.5k on the cross trainer. According to Healthline, just 30 minutes of rowing can see someone burn up to 255 calories. In comparison, 30 minutes of walking could help someone burn around 130 calories. Alan also works out with his girlfriend and former Corrie co-star Tisha Merry, who played waitress Steph Britton on Coronation Street for three years. They met on the set of the ITV soap in 2013. Alan previously told OK!: “I’d really got into hot yoga and someone mentioned that Tisha was going to the same studio so I thought we could go together.” Alan began training with his co-star Colson Smith, who has also lost an impressive amount of weight. Posting on Instagram, Alan shared a snap of him lifting weights and showing off his biceps. The caption read: “Trying to work out whilst laughing at @colsonjsmith having fun and working hard. “Health is not just about the weights you’re lifting or what you’re eating. "It’s also about what you’re thinking and saying!!"