On top of the devastation of losing a husband or a wife, it can also cause worries about financial stability. Those who are widowed, however, may find they are able to gain support through the state pension. Aside from their own potential basic state pension sum, they may be able to inherit an extra payment on top. This is applicable for certain individuals, so it is vital to make note of the eligibility criteria. Firstly, a person may be able to inherit what is known as the Additional state pension. Widows and widowers might inherit part of their deceased partner’s Additional state pension, as long as their marriage began before April 6, 2016. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Couple explain how they retired at 35 and 40 One of the following must also apply: Those who receive this support will have it paid out with their state pension. Others will be able to inherit a protected payment. The Government website states individuals could inherit half of their partner’s protected payment if their marriage or civil partnership began before April 2016. DON'T MISSRetired before 2016? You could get extra £14.48 per week [INSIGHT]State pension age increases could be accelerated [UPDATE]State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [ANALYSIS] Their state pension age must have been on or after April 6, 2016, and they must have died on or after this date. Extra state pension can also be inherited, or a lump sum, it has been explained. This will be the case if a partner: Inheriting a state pension can provide financial help to the widow or widower left behind. This can provide some financial reassurance during this difficult time. The new state pension is based on a person’s own National Insurance record. They cannot use the record of their spouse to boost their state pension payments. However, there is an important note for those who paid married women’s or widows’ reduced rate National Insurance. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea These individuals may be able to increase their new state pension if they are eligible. The rules for how a person can increase their state pension and what they can inherit will be different. This will depend on when they and their spouse or civil partner reached state pension age, as detailed. To help understand matters, the Government has developed an online tool. It's named ‘Your partner’s National Insurance record and your state pension’ and it provides key details to Britons. Individuals will need to know when both they and their spouse or civil partner reached state pension age to use this tool.