Goodwood Festival of Speed is one of the most anticipated motoring events of the year, offering visitors a four-day showcase of some of the oldest, greatest and latest cars to date. This year the festival will kick off on Thursday, June 23, welcoming an average of 210,000 visitors to the Sussex-based estate. Rallies, shows and live interviews will be held over the course of the long weekend, and these are all the event timings you need to know. The gates to ‘glorious Goodwood’ will open at 7am on Thursday, June 23, welcoming thousands of visitors to the 12,000-acre estate in Chichester, West Sussex. Motor-enthusiasts heading to the event will have a few hours to wait for the events to commence, with the Hill action expected to begin at 9am. Goodwood Road and Racing said: “A big part of Thursday is seeing all the latest and greatest road cars from the world’s manufacturers, with a number of world debuts due to take place before the cars run throughout the day.” READ MORE: Driver fined £2,340 for driving in clean air zone While each day of the motor festival will see an extravagant series of events take place from morning to evening, Thursday will be mostly focused on showcases and debuts to introduce some of the world’s most iconic vehicles. According to Goodwood Road and Racing (GRR), Friday is when the festival will “kick on a gear”, with everything from ferrari’s to F1 cars and a “special” BMW moment scheduled to take place. GRR said: “We’ve got pre-war racers, drift cars, Group B rally cars, NASCARs, supercars, an entire batch of Ferrari and Group C machines and more. The 2022 Festival of Speed is all about ‘The Innovators – masterminds of motorsport’, and so a batch to note is the one that sets off for the first time that weekend.” DON'T MISS:James Bond supercars up for auction at Goodwood Festival of Speed [LATEST]Volvo spin-off Polestar launches super-fast EV [INSIGHT]'Critical point’: Fears over covid staff shortages [ANALYSIS] The third day of the Festival of Speed begins with a selection of rally cars, Lancias (think Stratos, Fulvia, 037 Evo 2, Delta S4, Delta HF Integrale and more) and “terrifically loud” NASCAR monsters. Here’s the full timetable for the day: Best known as ‘Shootout Sunday’, the final day of the Goodwood Festival of Speed will commence with the very oldest cars at the event - the “wild” pre-war machines. Similarly to Saturday, visitors should expect a mix of racers and road cars on display throughout the day, with the Supercars and road bikes scheduled to close the event at 6:20pm. This is the day in full: