RAC spokesman Simon Williams defended his organisation from AA claims suggesting the RAC were causing the prices of fuel to increase in the UK. Mr Williams denied being the cause of the dramatic fuel price hike when questioned by BBC journalist Nick Robinson. The RAC spokesperson explained why he believes what the group say does not have an effect on what decisions retailers choose to make when it comes to fuel pricing.  Mr Williams pushed for Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak to do more to bring down prices by cutting VAT. Mr Robinson said: "Now you're sounding cool and analytical but your rival motor organisation the AA, have accused you, not personally but you the RAC of reckless speculation. "That you're driving the prices up, because you, I assume they mean, you effectively set a new benchmark for the cost of fuel." Mr Williams told Radio 4's Today programme: "I don't think what we say actually affects what retailers do. "We've obviously called them out when they... In a falling market, when there's a lot of room to reduce prices of course. JUST IN: 'Very missed' Family of captured British soldier in Ukraine release emotional statement     Mr Williams added: "But of course in a rising market they pass on costs very quickly and we saw that yesterday and we will see that again today. "The price will jump, we will probably, almost certainly hit £100 of petrol fill up, but yes I think that's understated." Mr Robinson said: "We're used to politicians having a battle, I'm not used to motoring organisations going to war, is this part of a wider conflict?" Mr Williams added: "No I think we're all calling for the same thing, we all want to see something happen with fuel, we don't want it to be this high. "People have a need to drive in this country and what we need really is the Chancellor to take action and either further reduce duty, or cut VAT, because VAT at the moment equates to 30p per litre." READ MORE: Boris 'out of ideas' as PM plans to reset leadership with housing pledge     Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak announced a 5p cut to fuel duty earlier this year, but despite this prices have continued to soar. Many Britons are seeing the highest increase in fuel prices in 17-years. The backlash for RAC came after AA spokesperson, Luke Bosdet said that "reckless speculation" was leading to "rip off" prices across the country. Mr Bosdet added: "The Government needs to act fast to rein in these excesses and the example of fuel price transparency in Northern Ireland, where petrol and diesel two days ago averaged 6p a litre cheaper than the UK average. DON'T MISS Elderly woman has car damaged after leaving it at an airport car park [SHOCKING] Drivers urged to limit their speed to achieve best hypermiling results [REVEAL] Drivers urged to watch out for cyclists amid bike week madness [INSIGHT]   "Shows a way forward that will revive competition and can be implemented in a matter of weeks. “It’s what the Prime Minister might call ‘oven-ready’. “Over the past two days, the wholesale price of petrol has started to fall back. “Meanwhile 27 percent of low-income drivers are having to cut back on food shopping to make ends.”