A new survey of 2,000 UK drivers revealed that more than three-quarters want potholes fixed as opposed to new cycle lanes being built. Of those surveyed, 712 were also cyclists and 71 percent of cyclists agreed that more attention was needed to fix potholes. Potholes are collapsed areas of tarmac formed as a result of pressure from traffic and bad weather which can be dangerous to drivers as cyclists. The data was collected by Opinium and insurance provider InsuretheGap and was commissioned by breakdown provider GreenFlag. Ben Wooltorton of InsuretheGap.com said: “Drivers and cyclists are often seen as road rivals, but actually many drivers are also cyclists, and just want the roads to be safe for all users. “Whilst more cycle lanes would be a dream for most cyclists, the need to improve the quality of roads is something which unites drivers and cyclists, as potholes are a serious risk for all road users.” While motorists call for pothole repairs, data reveals the extent of road works in the UK. In 2020-21 the Asphalt Industry Alliance said almost 1.7 million potholes were filled – equivalent to one being repaired every 19 seconds. This is an increase of 200,000 from 1.5 million in the previous year. Local authorities spent £93.6m filling in potholes in 2020-21 in the hope to ensure “smoother, safer journeys”. A Freedom of Information Act request to all local authorities across Great Britain found that over the past three years an estimated 55,000 miles of roadworks have been carried out. Some 20,000 miles of the UK’s roads were affected by roadworks last year. DON'T MISS: The AA call on Sadiq Khan to lift daily £12.50 London ULEZ charge to protect drivers Mark Newberry, Commercial Director at Green Flag, said: “Investment in the highway network across Britain is vital for drivers so it’s good to see so much continues to be spent to maintain and improve roads. “Road works can be a serious nuisance though, especially if they are not known about or drivers come across them during a journey and do not know an alternate route. He encouraged drivers to check their journeys for road closures before travelling. So what do YOU think? Should potholes be prioritised over cycle lanes? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.