The couple visited the UK with their children for the first time since 2020, when they left after stepping down as senior members of the royal family. They joined other members of the royal family in celebrating the Queen’s historic Platinum Jubilee, while it's understood they had their one-year-old, Lilibet, christened during their stay. However, they kept a low profile and only made one public appearance, at St Paul’s Cathedral for the National Thanksgiving Service in honour of the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex ended their visit early as they flew back to the US on Sunday (June 5) early in the afternoon before the final parade in London. It is believed they were driven from Frogmore Cottage to Farnborough Airport before taking off in a private jet at 1.30pm. But there was a sign that could have indicated their intention to leave early, and it came from Meghan’s close circle of partners, according to Hello Magazine. Daniel Martin, the Duchess’ makeup artist, flew to the UK with her to accompany and support her with his services during their stay in London. On Saturday, June 4, Mr Martin posted a message to thank the hotel that he was staying for the service they provided, indicating that Meghan’s team was ready to depart. Mr Martin wrote on Instagram: “APPRECIATION POST “My sincere gratitude to @thenomadhotel for taking incredible care of me while in London the last two weeks. “From the kind and hospitable team, to the tasty mocktails and dinners- I’ve found my new home away from home. “Looking forward to coming back soon danielsdetours #nomadhotel #atlasguru #queensjubilee2022” Mr Martin is good friends with Meghan Markle and he also did her makeup at her wedding in May 2018. The met when she was filming Suits back in 2011, and Mr Martin has previously said that he and Meghan had an "instant connection". In an interview with Into the Gloss, he said: "I knew what she wanted — it was one of those things where, she looked at herself in the mirror and was like, 'Oh my God, this is what I always wanted, but I didn't know how to get there'." Speaking on Lorraine’s ITV show earlier today, royal expert Russell Myers claimed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle might not return to the UK “in the near future”. Mr Myers claimed: "So, will we see them again? I don't think in the near future. "I definitely still think the wounds are very raw, but like you said, all centre on the Queen, so at least they kept their end of the bargain."