Prince Harry and Meghan Markle returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Royal watcher Kat pointed out Harry should "start with an apology". Speaking to Us Weekly's Royally Us, Kat said: "If Harry was looking to mend fences, then he should have started with an apology. He has trashed them." Host Christina Garibaldi added: "It seems like a lot of people were on the royals side to all this." Co-host Christine Ross noted: "Even though we barely saw Harry and they really didn't do much during the Jubilee, they were still so much a part of the conversation." But Harry "feels he's owed an apology" by the Royal Family after he aired out his grievances on his bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview. READ MORE: Kate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry Royal biographer Angela Levin told The Sun: "I think he would have been very, very upset that he was largely ignored. "He still feels he's owed an apology. "But he's the one who should apologise. He said during the Oprah interview that Charles and William were trapped, he said he'd been cut off by his father. "You can't just go around being rude about people and expecting them to open their hearts to you again." Harry and Meghan no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [VIDEO]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [ANALYSIS] Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the duke and Charles who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding.