Samantha Markle filed a defamation lawsuit against the Duchess of Sussex in March over Meghan’s sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. The royal was alleged to have lied about her family, and was accused by Samatha of making up stories about growing up in "virtual poverty”. The Duchess of Sussex first filed a motion to dismiss Samantha's allegations against her on June 17. However it was denied as moot because Samantha filed an amended complaint. In new court documents, the former ‘Suits’ star argued against her half-sister's claims in her "meritless defamation case." The Duchess alleged in the documents that her sibling "deleted numerous specific factual allegations and exhibits from her original complaint," claiming that the facts would "completely undermine" Samantha's case. The documents added: “Most obviously, her original complaint attached a 2018 email from Meghan to the then-Communications Secretary of Kensington Palace, Jason Knauf, that Plaintiff alleged was the basis for the allegedly defamatory statements in Finding Freedom. "However, the email on its face disproved Plaintiff's claim that Meghan was somehow responsible for the authors' allegedly defamatory statements in 'Finding Freedom.'" Meghan's motion further alleged in the documents obtained by Us Weekly: "Indeed, in her desperation to save her case, Plaintiff quite literally fabricated one of the statements, as evidenced by the missing interview transcript." In the new motion, Meghan argued that this matter "has no place" in any court. The Duchess argued: "We do not empanel juries to rule on whether two people are 'close,' or whether one genuinely feels that they 'grew up as an only child.' “Courts are not equipped to adjudicate the legitimacy of a person's feelings about their childhood and relationships. Nor should they be.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Second interview? Shock as Harry and Meghan visit In her defamation lawsuit, Samatha also argued Meghan lied about her and their dad Thomas Markle Sr. in the interview with Ms Winfrey, so they "could not interfere with or contract the false narrative and fairytale life story [she] concocted." She also alleged the Duchess negatively affected her autobiography and prevented her from getting jobs, leaving her emotionally and mentally distressed. During her interview with Ms Winfrey, Meghan claimed that she grew up as an only child and that the last time she had seen her half-sister was "at least 18 or 19 years ago." She also claimed that Samantha changed her last name back to Markle only after the former actress started dating Prince Harry. MORE TO FOLLOW