Even very high doses of medical cannabis have no effect on people’s ability to drive safely according to the study. Australian researchers found that 1,500mg of cannabidiol (CBD) had no detrimental effect on cognitive abilities. CBD is classified as a food supplement in the UK, as it is illegal to market the substance as a health product and is not available on the NHS. Many countries, including the UK, do allow people to drive on CBD as it is not psychoactive and contains less than 0.1 percent THC which is the substance that gets people high when they smoke cannabis, reported Wales Online. Sleep experts in the US recommend that anyone weighing up to 70kg should take between 10-60mg per day. The new study showed that even a high dose of 1,500mg does not cause impairment. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel Lead author Dr Danielle McCartney, of the University of Sydney said: “Though CBD is generally considered non-intoxicating, its effects on safety-sensitive tasks are still being established. “Our study is the first to confirm that, when consumed on its own, CBD is driver-safe.” Unlike THC which can make people sleepy, cause euphoria and impairment, CBD does not appear to intoxicate people and can have pain relieving effects. Peak concentrations of CBD in a person’s blood are usually attained within three to four hours after taking it orally, although individual responses vary. DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING] The study, published in the Journal of Psychopharmacology, involved 17 participants doing simulated driving tasks after taking a placebo or 15, 30 or 1,500mg of CBD oil. The participants first had to try to maintain a safe distance between themselves and a lead vehicle and then drive along highways and rural roads. They did this between 45 and 75 minutes after taking their assigned CBD dosage and again 3.5 to four hours after, to cover the range of plasma concentrations at different times. Each participant repeated this four times, one for each varying level of dosage including the placebo. The researchers measured participants’ control of the simulated car, testing how much it weaved or drifted, their cognitive function, subjective experiences and the CBD concentrations in their plasma. They concluded that no dose of CBD induced feelings of intoxication or appeared to impair either driving or cognitive performance. Dr McCartney said: “We do, however, caution that this study looked at CBD in isolation only, and that drivers taking CBD with other medications should do so with care.” A 2020 study, also by the University of Sydney, found very low doses of vaporised (vaped) CBD, an uncommon method of taking the drug, were also safe. In the UK, If you are caught driving with more than two micrograms of THC per litre of blood, you could be charged with drug driving. More specifically, you will be charged with operating a vehicle while unfit through drugs. This carries a range of potential penalties, including a 12-month driving ban, a fine, a six-month prison sentence and an endorsement on your licence for up to 11 years