British rockstar Rod Stewart teased his upcoming performance at the Platinum Jubilee concert during a chat with BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty. While some of his fans may be surprised to hear he’s somewhat nervous about the event, Naga was taken aback when Rod admitted his wife, Loose Woman and model Penny Lancaster, might have a small crush on Prince Charles. Rod told Naga he expects Prince Charles may be one of the first royals to get up and dance during his Platinum Jubilee show. He’ll be taking to the stage on Saturday afternoon as part of the concert celebrating the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. The Maggie May singer will be performing two songs alongside the likes of Diana Ross, Elton John, Queen and Adam Lambert. “I love him, and my wife absolutely adores him,” he said. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret When Naga asked why, Rod joked: “I think they’ve got a thing going on!” Rod laughed with embarrassment as Naga teased: “You know I’m going to keep that in the edit!” The presenter asked what Penny’s reaction will be, to which Rod confirmed: “She’s going to die of embarrassment." “I wish I was dead right now,” he joked as he started getting out of his chair. “Alright, I’m going home.” The iconic rocker also opened up about the bond he has formed with the Queen after meeting her on seven occasions over the years. “I’ve grown up with this woman,” Rod recalled. “I was seven when she came to the throne. “So, she’s always been part of my life, and the fact that I’ve met her on seven occasions makes it even more important for me.” “What does she mean to you?” Naga asked him. “You’ve met her on a few occasions, that must have been amazing.” DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton tells off Louis in heartwarming moment during Jubilee [VIDEO]Barack Obama pays tribute to Queen for Platinum Jubilee [TRIBUTE]Naga Munchetty makes demands as she struggles through royal coverage [BLUNDER] Rod got a little emotional as he explained: “She’s been so much part of my life, she’s almost like a sister. “She’s always been in the background of my life”, he added. One of the occasions Rod met the queen was a charity concert at St James’s Palace for the Queen and her late husband Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. He laughed: “They were sitting ten yards away, and they looked terrified.” “Because they thought I was going to do Do Ya Think I’m Sexy, Hot Legs - real loud music. “But I started off, ‘You must remember this, a kiss is just a kiss’.” Naga joined in as he sang: “‘A smile is just a smile!’ They were so relieved they beamed from ear to ear.” The stage has already been set outside Buckingham Palace, and roughly ten thousand people are expected to attend performances from a selection of the world’s biggest music legends. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.