It's been a busy 24-hours for Apple with the US technology firm announcing a swathe of updates for your iPhone, Mac, Apple Watch and iPad. However, the firm's WWDC Developers Conference, which kicked off in Cupertino last night, wasn't just about software with the US tech giant also revealing some shiny new hardware including a smart little accessory that will make refilling your devices a breeze. The new 35W Dual USB Port Power Adapter not only pumps juice back into your iPhone and iPad at much faster speeds but, as the name suggests, it can also charge two products at the same time. That means if your MacBook and iPhone run out of juice at the same time you'll only need one plug to power them both back up again. Apple says this new adaptor will work with most of its laptops as well as smartphones, AirPods, Apple Watch and its range of tablets. It's a nice addition to its vast array of accessories but before you get too excited about buying one there are a few things to be aware of. Firstly, it features two USB-C ports so if you only have older USB-A cables in your house you'll need to buy a new lead along with the plug. Then there's the actual price as it's not exactly cheap. When it lands in stores in the coming weeks it will set you back a rather hefty £69. Ouch! Luckily, there is a way to bag one for free with Apple including this new charger with some models of its new MacBook Air models. This refreshed slimline laptop was announced during the main WWDC keynote and features a new design, MagSafe charging and the very latest Apple-made M2 processor which makes it the most powerful Air ever. Other treats arriving on this laptop include a new 13.6-inch screen that gets slimmer bezels and much better visuals. In fact, Apple is boasting that users will be treated to display that's now 25 percent brighter than before. The nightly Netflix binge will also be boosted thanks to stereo speakers which even support immersive Spatial Audio for music and movies with Dolby Atmos. Finally, there is an improved 1080p FaceTime HD camera for pin-sharp Zoom calls. Want to know more about this new laptop? Full MacBook Air details can be found here.