A driver had a lucky escape after their car got stuck on a beach in Port Stoth, Ness, Scotland during high tide. The motorist had to be rescued by a local crofter who removed the vehicle with a tractor. Luckily, no one was hurt in the incident. And now, HM Coastguard for the Western Isles, Skye and Lochaber has issued an urgent warning to drivers planning on making trips in the future. Motorists have been urged not to drive on beaches and other unpredictable terrains. A spokesperson for the agency said: "The Outer Hebrides is renowned for its beautiful sandy beaches and bays. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow simple steps at the petrol station "While most are safe and firm to walk on, sand is often soft and unable to support the weight of vehicles. "The owner of this car which was stuck at Port Stoth in Ness was lucky that the tide didn’t flood the car and a local crofter was able to remove it with a tractor before the next tide. "We know the beaches are stunning so please help us to keep them that way by being safe and not risking your safety driving onto unstable sands." The news comes after another tourist visiting North Wales had his car flooded after they decided to park in a nearby harbour despite being told not to by the locals. DON'T MISS Major new electric car smart charging law may not 'go far enough' [REVEAL] Banning petrol and diesel cars from 2030 is 'pathetic and laughable' [INSIGHT] Eating a 99 flake ice cream could see drivers fined £200 - 'watch out' [WARNING] The tourist was visiting Borth Y Gest in Gwynedd, North Wales when he decided to beat the parking queues by parking in a nearby harbour. The visitor ignored the advice of the locals and drove into the harbour in Borth y Gest just before high tide. A witness told Daily Post that the holidaymaker drove down the slipway into the harbour just before seawater started to rise. Another witness joked: "Sadly he'd not heard that both time and tide wait for no man." Within a few minutes of the car being parked, a crowd of onlookers gathered to watch the car getting submerged. In the end, it only took 15 minutes for the car to become engulfed by the water. The car was later saved by a local tractor driver who towed the vehicle away. No one was hurt in the incident. With temperatures rising and summer fast approaching, Brits will look to get away more often. However, experts have warned that drivers should plan ahead to make the journeys as smooth as possible. This may not only ensure that motorists will not get stuck on beaches, but can also save fuel. And with the prices of both petrol and diesel at record highs, drivers will do anything in their power to save some money.