Princess Beatrice was one of the glamorous royals who was out at Royal Ascot for the first day on Tuesday, and she and her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi caused quite a stir. As the pair arrived at the course, they were swarmed by photographers as they headed over to the exclusive areas, prompting the 33-year-old to joke: “I'll be here all day.”  Beatrice was a vision of summer in a chic floral printed shirt dress from Zimmermann. Complete with romantic puffed sleeves, the feminine frock was adorned with a pink floral rose pattern and is crafted from a cotton and silk-blend jacquard material. Revered across the globe, Royal Ascot attracts many of racing’s finest horses. It is also equally synonymous with sartorial elegance, being awash with exquisite fashion and magnificent millinery creations.   From the arrival of the Royal Procession as the clock strikes two, to the communal singing around Ascot’s Bandstand, each of the five days is an event which must be seen to be believed. As part of a long term ambition and following feedback from racegoers attending the smaller scale Royal Ascot in 2021, capacity numbers will be reduced across the Royal Enclosure, Queen Anne Enclosure and Windsor Enclosure for all five days of the Royal Meeting. Beatrice and Edoardo were just a couple of the royals who stepped out for the event, which will sadly be missed by the Queen. Joining the royal pair were Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall, Princess Anne, Zara Tindall and even the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. READ MORE: Princess Anne's son joins Camilla and Charles in Ascot carriage ride  Missing from the line-up were the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who usually make an appearance riding in the carriage procession as guests of honour before the races kick off. The royals were instead making a poignant appearance back in London as they attended a multi-faith service to mark the fifth anniversary of the fire at Grenfell Tower. Ahead of the memorial, they met privately with survivors of the fire and those who lost loved ones. A total of 72 people were killed during the blaze in June 2017. After the private meeting, William and Kate joined the congregation at the foot of Grenfell Tower for the moving service that included prayers, readings and choir performances. DON'T MISS: Russia’s high-profile defector hoping to defeat Putin- ‘I could not...‘Toothless’ Govt blasted over failure to implement Rwanda policyRail strikes: Agency staff may be called to replace striking workers At the end of the memorial, they were invited to lay wreaths and flowers to pay tribute to those who lost their lives. The service was organised by Grenfell United, an organisation that works to provide pastoral care for those affected and advocates for families to ensure that such a tragic event is not repeated. 