Amazon is running some incredible money saving deals right now as part of a newly launched Summer Sale. Discounts are available on a range of Amazon made devices such as the Fire TV Stick, Kindle ereader range and Echo Dot smart speakers. If you've been eyeing one of these Amazon products for awhile then now is the perfect time to hit buy. There are a range of eye-catching deals to pick and choose from, including money off the fourth generation Echo Dot. This Alexa-powered smart speaker usually costs £49.99, and it's been awhile since Amazon has run a deal on this gadget. But right now you can take advantage of two great deals on the newest Echo Dot. For a limited-time only the Echo Dot's price has been slashed almost in half, with a 4th gen Echo Dot reduced in price from £49.99 to £27.99.  While this £22 saving may be tempting, you may alternatively want to get a different deal if you're in the need of multiple speakers. If you want to use an Echo Dot in multiple rooms in your house you can use the 2ECHODOT4 code to get two Echo Dot speakers for less than the typical price of one. This Amazon voucher code will bring the price of two Echo Dot speakers down to £45.98. Elsewhere, Amazon is also running a great deal on its entry-level Kindle with a front light. This ereader usually costs £69.99 for the version with ads, but right now you can pick this product up for £44.99.  And this deal has come at the ideal time as Amazon recently revealed that certain ageing Kindle models will be losing a crucial feature this summer - the ability to directly access the Kindle Store. There is a workaround, as affected users can just purchase an ebook from the Amazon website directly and then send it to their Kindle. But if people want the convenience of being able to browse for something new to read on their device directly they'll have to upgrade.  One of our other top picks in the Amazon Summer Sale is a deal running right now on the popular Amazon Fire TV Stick. Multiple Fire TV Stick models have received a price cut, but the cheapest ones available are the Fire TV Stick Lite and Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote and TV controls. The Fire TV Stick Lite usually costs £29.99 but has been reduced to £22.99, while the other Fire TV Stick gadget usually costs £39.99 but has been reduced to £24.99. The Amazon Summer Sale ends next week so if you want to pick up a bargain you need to act quick. You can find a full list of the money saving deals available right now by clicking here. 