UK interest rates have seen another spike in a bid by the Bank of England to help curb spiralling inflation. Inflation rates are seeing a 40-year high of nine percent, with the rising wholesale gas prices driven by the Ukraine-Russia war remaining largely at the helm. However, the Bank of England warns inflation figures could exceed 11 percent by the end of the year. Since December 2021, the Bank of England has increased its key interest rate, Bank Rate, from 0.1 percent to 1.25 percent. These increases form part of the measures the Bank is taking to achieve the ambitious Government-set target of reducing inflation to two percent. Higher interest rates make borrowing more expensive while further encouraging households to save. Both of these things will naturally reduce how much people spend overall, which will help to push inflation down. Inflation is the economic term to describe the sustained increase in prices for goods and services within a specific period of time.  READ MORE: UK house price crash fears probed as interest rates hiked  The goods and services analysed include everything from food and transportation to medical care, and are weighted towards the areas most consumed by households. The steep inflation increase the UK has seen this year has largely been due to the intense pressure imposed on supply chains as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war. Fuel costs are currently the biggest contributor to inflation rates, as prices broke records in February when a number of countries, including the UK, began phasing out Russian fuel and gas supplies. While the interest rate increase is in place to temper price rises, it will inevitably add further pressure to many households, especially at a time everyone is feeling the financial pinch.  For those with loans or a mortgage that charges a variable interest rate, you might find that the cost of your repayments will increase. For example, if you were to have a £130,000 mortgage to pay off over 25 years on an interest rate of 2.5 percent, the monthly repayment would have been £583. But, if the interest rate is 0.25 percent higher (as of June), the monthly repayment would rise by £17 to £600. However, those on a fixed-rate mortgage or loan won’t see any change until the end of the fixed period. According to figures from L&C Mortgages, the cost of the average two-year fixed rate is now three times more expensive than it was last October. The L&C Remortgage Tracker shows that both the low two- and five-year remortgage rates from the 10 largest lenders have jumped again this month, posting the second-biggest monthly rise this year.  DON'T MISS: Interest rate rise: Cost of living spirals out of control [EXPLAINED]House prices: Will interest rate hike see property prices fall? [ANALYSIS]Bank of England: ‘Risk of recession’ as rates could rise [INSIGHT]    The firm said: “This means a borrower taking a typical £150,000 repayment mortgage over 25 years would face increased monthly payments of £125-130 — adding up to a total of £1500 more per annum in payments when compared to last year’s low point.” The interest rate rise means a different thing for savers, as you’ll see a marginal increase in the interest your savings will accumulate. Although, these will still be at historically low levels. And interest rises will not be enough to counteract the impact inflation is having on the value of cash. Cash savings accounts might suffer because the rate of inflation will be higher than the rate of return on their account. Equally, investment portfolios might also suffer a loss, as those with fixed income funds investing in bonds could see the real rates of return fall as well.  This is due to the fact bonds pay out a fixed rate of interest. But if that rate of interest is lower than inflation, then that investor is suffering a loss in real terms. The Bank of England said: “We will take the actions necessary to bring inflation down to two percent. This is the target the Government has set us. “Precisely where interest rates will go depends on what happens in the economy and what we think will happen to the rate of inflation over the next few years. “So we can’t say now exactly how high they will go. But they are not likely to reach the very high levels that some people experienced in the past.” 