The Duke and Duchess returned to the UK earlier this week for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Ahead of making the trip back to the UK from the couple’s new home in California, a spokesperson said Meghan and Prince Harry were “excited and honoured” to be part of the Jubilee celebrations. They also brought their two children, three-year-old Archie and youngest child Lilibet, who celebrated her first birthday today. TV personality and former footballer’s wife Lizzie Cundy told the Daily Star that the meeting between the monarch and her toddler namesake “pulled on the Queen’s heartstrings”. She added: "She hasn't seen Lilibet, she wants to meet her great-granddaughter, it might be the last time she'll get, so of course, the Queen will let them come." Ms Cundy, who befriended Meghan before she joined the Royal Family, has previously said she thought the Duke and Duchess’s return would distract attention from the Queen during her milestone Jubilee celebrations. She said: “This is all to do with taking the shine away from the Queen on her Platinum Jubilee, 70 years of service. "Maybe they could take a leaf out of the Queen's book and see how one should behave. "They decided not to be royals, they didn't want to be working royals, they didn't want to do the royal duties so they should have the decency I feel to stay away." She added: "They should let the Queen have her day and let not take any of the attention they know the attention will be on them, she knows exactly what she's doing. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'surprised' by William's 'frosty' reaction "I do think they will take the shine of the Queen, I really pray they don't. "The royals are very aware of what they're about but I don't think they'll be stopped." The Duke and Duchess were nowhere to be seen on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the RAF Red Arrows flyover that marked the end of Trooping the Colour on Thursday. The parade, snaking around from Buckingham Palace to Horse Guards, observed the Queen’s official birthday and kicked off official Jubilee bank holiday celebrations. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'big test' with royals TONIGHT [LIVE] POLL: Would you like to see more of Meghan and Harry after Jubilee? [VOTE] Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [REACTION] But although the Duke and Duchess attended alongside other senior royals, they were tucked away largely out of sight, apart from when they were snapped playfully shushing Zara and Mike Tindall’s children. They watched the parade from the Major General’s Office along with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and her children, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie and the Earl and Countess of Wessex. But all eyes were on the Sussexes on Friday, as the pair climbed the steps of St Paul’s Cathedral for a national service of thanksgiving. It was their first official engagement of the Jubilee, and they were greeted by cheers outside the building. But booing sounds were still heard from the crowd as they attended their first official appearance in over two years. Their last royal outing was back in March 2020, when they attended the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey. They sat next to Princess Eugenie and her husband, Jack Brooksbank, who visited the couple’s Montecito home earlier this year.