As inflation spirals out of control – far beyond anything being seen in the UK and US - the country, in the middle of a foreign reserves crisis, is fast running out of food, fuel and medicines. This is not only horrific in itself but the crisis has wider implications. For starters, Sri Lanka’s woes threaten a fresh migration crisis. The Sri Lankan civil war, which raged for decades, has already displaced hundreds of thousands of mostly Tamils from the country. Now, as the crisis deepens - and given how many Sri Lankans have relatives in Australia, Canada, and the UK - many more could seek to emigrate, leaving Sri Lanka bereft of mostly young ambitious people when it needs them most. So far, the crisis seems to have united this ethnically and religiously diverse country, but it wouldn’t be a shock if this economic nightmare reignited ethnic tensions as competition for scarce resources intensifies. Beyond that however is the geopolitics of the whole thing. Sri Lanka sits in an extremely significant geographic position, just south of India, not far from the Gulf, and on the trade route between East Asia and Europe. Little wonder that China has spent years lending money to the country and cosying up to its leaders. Beijing – which is not Sri Lanka’s biggest lender – cannot be blamed for this crisis per se. But the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) may now spot an opportunity to increase its influence, especially as regional rival India looks on. India has long feared that Beijing is linking up with countries across the region – the ‘string of pearls’ – to choke New Delhi’s power. China also has an extremely close relationship with India’s neighbouring rival, Pakistan. Even before this crisis, there were fears that the CCP could militarise Sri Lanka’s Hambantota Port which Beijing has leased for 99 years. Sri Lanka rejects any potential for militarisation. Still, India perhaps senses an opportunity to offset Chinese influence, already offering up to $3bn in currency swaps, credit lines, and loan deferments. New Delhi had already been looking to outmanoeuvre China in the energy sector. While Sri Lanka has asked China to restructure its debt repayments, Beijing instead offered to provide aid and other loans. China may be reluctant to help Sri Lanka too much lest it gains a reputation as a soft touch. Nonetheless, Sri Lanka remains a vital partner in China’s ‘Belt and Road’ initiative which links countries across Eurasia. Beijing cannot afford to lose influence in such a critical area of the world. With India looking on therefore, China has already offered “a few hundred million dollars”, according to Sri Lankan PM Ranil Wickremesinghe, in an interview with the Financial Times. This is likely to deeply concern New Delhi. China and India have been engaged in border clashes since 2020. Now India is nervously watching the apparent development of infrastructure by China in its border region. China is building a bridge on China’s Himalayan border with India, something New Delhi has called an ‘illegal construction’. There are fears the bridge could support military equipment and personnel. This all comes as US President Joe Biden has warned that his country would intervene militarily if China invaded democratic Taiwan, with Beijing later announcing that it had conducted ‘readiness patrols’ around Taiwan. As China goes on a charm offensive in the Pacific, having secured a security pact with the Solomon Islands and eyeing up another with Kiribati, it is unlikely to cede such a well-located country as Sri Lanka to India’s sphere of influence. As such, India - fearful of Chinese expansion in the Subcontinent – and China, wary of losing regional influence given its perceived encirclement by the US and its allies, will both attempt to woo Sri Lanka as the crisis continues. Perhaps unsurprisingly, ‘Global Britain’ is nowhere to be seen, despite Sri Lanka’s historic ties to the UK and its Commonwealth membership, as well as the large Sri Lankan community within the UK. Yet again, London relegates itself as a world power. More importantly though, as Sri Lanka’s woes continue and the people suffer greatly, the country could become the canary in the coalmine for a wider conflict involving the Asian powers, with spill-over effects into the wider region and beyond.