The announcement follows Putin’s warning to Western allies over continuing to arm Ukraine and thereby drawing out the conflict. The move from the UK Ministry of Defence was planned in coordination with the United States which announced it would supply Ukraine with M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems.  Britain will supply Ukraine with an unknown number of M270 launchers, multiple-launch long-range rocket systems. The weapons are able to fire rockets at targets up to 80 km (50 miles) away, which will mean they are the longest reaching weapon in the Ukrainian military. Speaking of the weapons, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said in a statement: “These highly capable multiple-launch rocket systems will enable our Ukrainian friends to better protect themselves against the brutal use of long-range artillery, which Putin’s forces have used indiscriminately to flatten cities.”  Mr Wallace said that the aid from Britain to Ukraine in the form of these launchers will force Russia to change tactics. The announcement followed the strikes by Russia on the Ukrainian capital which saw black smoke pouring out above Kyiv after cruise missiles were launched from the Caspian Sea, according to the Times. The attack is not thought to have resulted in any deaths. However, the renewed attacks on Kyiv have not yet been reported by the Ministry of Defence’s intelligence update. The MoD said in a post on June 5: “Over the last 24 hours, Ukrainian forces have counterattacked in the contested city of Sieverodonetsk in eastern Ukraine, likely blunting the operational momentum Russian forces previously gained through concentrating combat units and firepower. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin war in ruins as '11th general dead' after ambush “Russian forces committed in this area include personnel mobilised from the reserve of Russian-led Separatist Forces of the self-declared Luhansk People’s Republic. “These troops are poorly equipped and trained and lack heavy equipment in comparison to regular Russian units. “The use of proxy infantry forces for urban clearance operations is a Russian tactic previously observed in Syria, where Russia employed V Corps of the Syrian Army to assault urban areas. “This approach likely indicates a desire to limit casualties suffered by regular Russian forces.” DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton bakes cupcakes for Jubilee tea party with her kids [PICTURES]Beatrice and Eugenie stun crowds as royals spotted plate spinning [INFO]Beatrice and Eugenie show off 'new style' in Saloni & Roksanda dresses [INSIGHT]  On Wednesday, President Biden said Washington would supply Ukraine with M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems following assurances from Kyiv it would not be used to hit targets inside Russian territory. Following the strikes on Kyiv, the Ukrainian Government has encouraged allies to impose further sanctions on Russia. Mykhailo Podolyak, an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky, said: “The Kremlin resorts to new insidious attacks. “Today’s missile strikes at Kyiv have only one goal — kill as many as possible.” 