Darwin Nunez has informed his family and friends that he is joining Liverpool this summer, with the transfer said to be 'done'. The Benfica striker is set to sign a long-term contract at Anfield, with details of his deal coming to light ahead of his marquee move. According to Lisbon-based journalist Pedro Sepulveda, Liverpool are waiting for Benfica to accept their offer worth £85.4million (€100m) after Nunez agreed terms over a switch to Merseyside. He was also a summer target for Erik ten Hag, but Manchester United are 'out of the race'. Nunez has shaken hands on a five-year deal at Liverpool and will earn a net annual salary worth around £5.1m (€6m). Broken down, the 22-year-old will rake in around £98,500 per week, leaving him outside of the band of top earners in Jurgen Klopp's current squad. His salary is surprisingly low, given the competition from United and their tendency to splash significant sums of cash on contracts to lure players to Old Trafford. But the Red Devils didn't challenge Liverpool's club-record bid for Nunez, leaving the door open. JUST IN: Man Utd set to lose Wolves race with linked star nearing Molineux move Among Klopp's forwards, Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane are all on higher salaries than Nunez, although his arrival is to fill the void of the latter's expected exit for Bayern Munich. Outside of Liverpool's regular starters, the Uruguay international will also be earning less than Joel Matip, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita. But his role almost certainly won't mirror his position on the Reds' wage bill, with Klopp likely to utilise him as his starting striker if Mane secures his desired move away. Luis Diaz's £50m January arrival will contribute to the German coach overseeing an attacking overhaul this year. READ MORE: Ten Hag sent Man Utd stars including Ronaldo stern warning 'on email' Nunez caught the eye for his exploits in front of goal last season, netting 34 times in 41 games in all competitions. He particularly impressed in Benfica's run to the Champions League quarter-finals, scoring in both legs against Liverpool. Amid the tie, Klopp said: "Extremely good-looking boy, eh? And a decent player as well! Really good, really good, you have to say. Physically strong, quick, plus calm around his finish. When he finished the goal off he was really calm. Good, really, really good. How we say in these situations, if he stays healthy, it's a big career ahead of him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here