An investigation into a feared case of foot and mouth disease on farm in Norfolk ruled out the presence of the disease over the weekend. A 10km temporary control zone between a farm between Feltwell and Brandon on Thursday night was set up so officials could carry out the investigation. While they have since ruled out both Foot and Mouth Disease and Swine Vesicular Disease on the farm thanks to testing at the Pirbright Institute, there is an ongoing investigation into other vesicular diseases of pigs. A spokesperson from the Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (Defra) said: “Following the negative test results for foot and mouth disease, further testing has allowed us to rule out the presence of swine vesicular disease on a farm in Norfolk. “The Temporary Control Zone around the premises has therefore been revoked. “The premises remains under restriction and investigations into other possible causes continue.” Foot and mouth disease is a severe and highly contagious viral disease of livestock that cloven-hoofed animals like swine, sheep and goats. Rob Mutimer, a pig farmer who is chairman of the National Pig Association, said he was relieved to hear that foot and mouth disease was ruled out as the cause. But he has warned that there are still fears over the region's pig sector as the authorities scramble to get to the bottom of the situation. Mr Mutimer said: "It is a great relief to hear that this is not foot and mouth disease. "That is the one we all really fear, so I'm extremely pleased they have ruled that out. For the rest of agriculture, away from pigs, it does not seem to be an issue now. "But it is another worry for the pig industry. We fully support the APHA (Animal and Plant Health Agency) and Defra in their work, and we need a bit more time to research into what this problem is." READ MORE: Nuclear breakthrough hands AUKUS deal huge boost In 2001, an outbreak sparked panic in the agricultural industry, costing an estimated £8billion to the UK economy and killing around six million farm animals. An outbreak in 2007 also occurred, but this did not spread beyond a handful of farms. According to Defra, signs of foot and mouth disease in pigs include: • Sudden lameness that could quickly spread among the heard • loudly squealing from pain DON'T MISS Macron facing hell as energy companies issue a dire warning after P...[REPORT] Russia's plans are now 'doomed' as Putin 'awakens sleeping giant' [REVEAL] Brexit revenge! EU punishes British scientists who refused to quit ...[INSIGHT] • tendency to lie down and unwillingness to move • reluctance to feed The disease is spread through direct contact with an infected animal, but can also pass indirectly via equipment, vehicles, people, clothes and mud, or any item that has been in contact with infected animals.