Princess Beatrice is the elder daughter of Prince Andrew and Fergie and sister to Princess Eugenie. The 33-year-old is the mum of a daughter, Sienna Elizabeth. Speaking to Iain Dale for his LBC podcast, Prince Andrew's former wife gave an insight into her "phenomenal" relationship with her two daughters and shared Beatrice's sweet tribute. Fergie claimed that she and her daughters call themselves "the tripod". She added: "We are just so lucky. "I have a great, really phenomenal, relationship with them." She continued: "Beatrice always says to me, 'mum, you know, I want Sienna and I to have the same relationship as you and I have'." READ MORE: 'Have to accept!' Royals may be forced to create new Andrew role as he demands 'comeback' The 62-year-old said: "I said, well, the secret of what I did with you was A, I never forgot that once I was a teenager and slammed the door. "Two, I think that you have to remember that when children are very little they talk about their fears as dragons. "When they get to teenagers, they go slam the door and they don't know how to express this anxiety feeling inside of them and puberty and going through this". She continued: "[and] this is why I do the teenage counseling and have done for 30 years actually. "I think its 29 units opened in 30 years." READ MORE: Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Beatrice welcomed Sienna in September 2021 with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The pair became engaged in 2019 and got married the following year. In addition to Sienna, Beatrice has a stepson, Christopher, through her marriage. Aside from Beatrice, Fergie and Andrew share a younger daughter, Eugenie. DON'T MISS Do the honourable thing Andrew, move far away, says VIRGINIA BLACKBURN [COMMENT]'Petulant' Prince William blasted over 'petty family squabbles' [REVEAL]Princess Beatrice's greeting to Charles showed 'little warmth [INSIGHT] Eugenie, 32, also became a mother in 2021 when she welcomed a son, August, with her husband Jack Brooksbank. In 2018, Fergie revealed the closeness of her relationship with her daughters during a night out. As she climbed into her personal car, a sweet note from the pair, which read 'I love you mummy xx', could be seen taped to the back of the passenger seat. The Sun reported, at the time: "Judging by the label's crumples and tatty edges, it had been there for quite a while.