Sir Lenny Henry, 63, has pointed out the lack of diversity at festivals as he analysed crowds at Glastonbury. The former Tiswas presenter explained he had been “always surprised” by the apparent absence of people of colour attending the events. He said: “It's interesting to watch Glastonbury and look at the audience and not see any black people there. “I’m always surprised by the lack of black and brown faces at festivals. “I think, 'Wow, that's still very much a dominant culture thing’,” Sir Lenny added to the BBC's Clive Myrie in a Radio Times interview. Lenny is an actor and comedian, also known for co-founding the charity Comic Relief. READ MORE: ‘Had no alternative’ Trinny Woodall was once forced to sell her house He has also previously spoken out on his extreme transformation after losing a whopping three stone. Lenny revealed his weight loss began in in 2014 after facing health issues caused by his weight. “I’m a bit diabetic, so I was put on a very strict diet,” he said. “I’ve lost between two and a half and three stone. I was big," he explained. Speaking about his diet, Lenny revealed: "It’s lots of greens, lots of juice and lots of walking. Swimming is good. "You’ve got to eat no sugar and drink hardly any alcohol… all the stuff you like. “You can’t Hobnob your way through the day,” Lenny quipped. Lenny made the confession during an appearance on This Morning last year where he discussed his book, Who Am I Again?. DON'T MISSDavid Beckham slams Victoria's bad habit after he gets on her nerves [LATEST]Alex Scott sparks complaints from Soccer Aid viewers with daring dress [PICTURES]Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital' [INSIGHT] Viewers were so astonished by his weight loss transformation that they took to Twitter to discuss it. Tiramisutaster said: “Sir Lenny Henry has lost a lot of weight! #needToGetHisSecret” LeeleeCThomas added: “Lenny Henry looks like he’s lost a lot of weight #ThisMorning” "Lenny Henry has lost a load of weight #ThisMorning," Queen_Vix88 wrote. In his recent book, Lenny tells the story of his mother moving to the UK and his school years in the UK, up until he won a talent show at 16 and began his journey to stardom. He revealed he was racially abused at school by a fellow student. "In the mud, punching, kicking me," he said, recounting his experience. However, he said: "It made me realise comedy can be a shield as well as a sword."