Dan Walker has taken to Twitter to share his thoughts over the latest series of hit Netflix series, Stranger Things. The Channel 5 News presenter, 45, queried why the programme was "turning into a horror show", which led to fans of the series quickly weighing in on the debate in the comments. In view of his 762,100 followers, the former BBC Breakfast presenter put a question about the series to his fans. Dan wrote: "Anyone know why they’ve turned #StrangerThings into a horror show? "It’s gone full evil dead." The newsreader's followers were quick to weigh in on the debate. READ MORE: Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle Twitter user @sam_manton responded to the Channel 5 News host, explaining the show's progression. They commented: "Development of the characters and story. "It was always a little creepy and it's got scarier as the seasons have gone on and as the characters have got older." @Natedog0101 admitted: "A bit of a nightmare on Elm street feel about it for me at moment. #StrangerThings4" @raidovermoscow agreed, writing: "It’s a direct nod to A Nightmare On Elm Street." However, some couldn't get on board with Dan's views on the show. @MumblinScotsman replied: "Turned it into a horror show? It's always been a horror show. "It's listed as being in the horror genre on IMDb. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway puts on brave face after heartbreaking Derek update [INSIGHT]Dakota Johnson, 32, puts on leggy display in white blazer dress [ANALYSIS]David Beckham warns Harper 'Don't tell mummy!' in holiday video [UPDATE] "It set the tone pretty early with what happened to Barb in the first season," they added. The first episode of the fourth series of the show was released at the end of May, with more episodes being released over the following weeks and months. Much to fans' delight, the season four will not be the final season of the show as Netflix renewed the series for a fifth and final season earlier this year. Stranger Things has been described as a love letter to the Eighties and the golden age of Stephen King and Steven Spielberg. The drama series tells the fantastical tale of an ordinary town in Middle America where the extraordinary happens. The fourth season sees the main cast return to the show, including the likes of Winona Ryder (Joyce Byers), Millie Bobby Brown (Eleven), David Harbour (Jim Hopper), among others. Stranger Things can be watched on Netflix.