The recently re-elected French President revealed to his US counterpart at the latest meeting of G7 leaders that two top OPEC oil producers can barely increase oil production. Western leaders are looking for alternative sources of oil following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Prices were already steadily rising before this time due in part to a shortage of supply and sudden rebound in demand from lockdowns. Saudi Arabia and the UAE have, according to Reuters, “been perceived as the only two countries in OPEC with spare capacity to boost global deliveries that could reduce prices”. But Mr Macron told Mr Biden both of these are close to their maximums. In a huddled corner, close to the earshot of journalists, he said: “I had a call with MbZ [UAE leader Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan]. He told me two things. I'm at a maximum, maximum [production capacity]. This is what he claims. “And then he said [the] Saudis can increase by 150 [thousands barrels per day]. Maybe a little bit more, but they don't have huge capacities before six months' time.” While the conversation was a private one, some have speculated that the French President had intended for journalists to overhear his comments. Author Michael Shellenberger wrote in a post on Twitter: “It is extremely interesting that Macron chose to deliver the information in the way he did, which was within earshot of journalists. “It’s almost as though Macron wanted the international news media to report on [his] intel, perhaps as a way to pressure Biden to finally act… READ MORE: Ukraine outgunned '40 to 1' with up to 100 soldiers being killed a day “Macron is a canny politician. If he had wanted the information to remain secret, he likely wouldn’t have shared it within listening distance of the sensitive microphones of journalists. We should be grateful to [him] for his supposed carelessness.” The press was quick to pick up on the story, given that it highlights the precarious nature of the West’s energy supply. But Mr Biden himself is said to have appeared far less interested. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Mr Shellenberger noted: “It’s not clear that Biden appreciated the gravity of what Macron was saying. “Before Macron could finish, Biden started to walk away, and interrupted him, as though he were in a hurry to get to the gabfest, even though Macron’s intel should change everything.” Others have suggested the President was pushing the US to produce more oil to help with global shortages. UAE’s Energy Minister Suhail bin Mohammed Al Mazrouei confirmed Mr Macron’s warnings. He said: “In light of recent media reports, I would like to clarify that the UAE is producing near to our maximum production capacity based on its current OPEC+ production baseline.” Saudi Arabia and the UAE are between them producing around 13.5million barrels of oil every day.