Jamie Campbell Bower joined the cast of Stranger Things for its hit fourth season which made its big debut in May 2022. The Netflix sci-fi drama revealed the complicated real identity of Bower's character Peter Ballard in the midseason finale, shocking subscribers across the world. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the actor's love life. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things.Stranger Things fans were stunned when it was revealed Peter Ballard, a young employee at the lab where Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) was experimented on, was none other than 001. Telling her how he was being held there against his will, El helped him escape but little did she know he had the intention of killing all of the children and staff. The two powerhouses got into a fight and El was able to come out on top, however, she subsequently created a door to the Upside Down and threw 001 inside. As he fell into the sinister world, 001 was transformed into Vecna, the creature murdering vulnerable teenagers in Hawkins. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition Peter Ballard, also known as 001 and Vecna, is played by Twilight and Harry Potter star Jamie Campbell Bower. The 33-year-old actor isn't married but he is in a relationship with girlfriend Jess Maloney. She is the co-founder of the creative community Ice Studios and the couple has been dating for more than a year. Bower hasn't shared any details of their relationship but they aren't shy about appearing in public together. In 2021, they attended a Hollywood screening of the horror movie The Black Phone and Maloney also accompanied Bower to the Stranger Things season four premiere earlier this year in New York. Most recently, the couple was spotted kissing on a beach in Malibu, California, in their surf suits. So it appears their romance is going from strength to strength as Bower's career continues to flourish. This isn't the first time the Stranger Things star's relationship has caught the attention of the public though. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opts out of property search [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things' Max star Sadie Sink admits 'body needs a break'  [CAST]Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [PLOT HOLE] Before he started dating Maloney, Bower was in a two-year relationship with Ruby Quilter. She attended the premiere of Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald with him in November 2018 but it sadly didn't work out. Bower has also been romantically linked with fashion designer Zoe Graham, City of Bones co-star Lily Collins and Harry Potter actress Bonnie Wright. He will once again be starring on the small screen as Stranger Things returns for the rest of season four. Stranger Things is returning for series four's final two episodes on Netflix. Volume two will premiere on the streaming service on Friday, July 1, so there isn't much longer to wait. There is going to be just one more season before the supernatural drama comes to an end for good. Stranger Things season four, part two, premieres on Friday, July 1, on Netflix.