Grass courts, white clothes, strawberries, cream, and of course BBC coverage - just some of the familiar notions that will come around again next week when the 2022 Wimbledon Championships get underway. But this time around, the television coverage will be particularly poignant, with Sue Barker confirming it will be her last tournament after 30 years of presenting. The action will get underway on Monday, and British fans on Centre Court in particular are in for a treat. Defending men's champion Novak Djokovic will get things underway, before Emma Raducanu makes her debut appearance on the showcase court. The day will be rounded off by Andy Murray, who at 35 still harbours hopes of a fairytale run, and maybe even a third Wimbledon crown. But for those not lucky enough to have tickets, or even access to the BBC, there is still opportunity to watch the action for free. In the UK, the BBC iPlayer will also allow fans to stream the action live via their computers or even on their mobile phones. But for those who live abroad, or happen to be on holiday during the famous fortnight, all is not lost. JUST IN: Andy Murray sends 'exciting' warning to Wimbledon rivals as Brit confident of making final  A VPN, or virtual private network, will allow tennis fanatics to stream live even when not in the UK. What's more, the process is legal and all that will be essential is connection to the internet. There are plenty of VPN services available, with tomsguide.com providing guidance on further options. And of course, there will be some television companies abroad showing limited live coverage of the tournament as well. DON'T MISS:Nick Kyrgios' blunt response to criticism: 'I don't want to be like Federer'Novak Djokovic saga part two could be on the cards as US Open petition signed by 6,000British tennis ace Jack Draper pooed on by bird during interview - 'Is that good luck?' This year of course, capacity crowds will be permitted every day at the All England Tennis Club's venue after Covid-19 scuppered that notion in both 2020 and 2021. Last year, 25.8 million people watched the event on BBC. And there was a total of 29.4 million streams on BBC iPlayer and BBC Sport combined, making it the most streamed Wimbledon ever. That number will be expected to be lower this time around, given that more spectators can actually attend.