While the UK and its allies have done all they can to send significant military supplies, as well as tighten economic sanctions on Putin and his cronies, we have always been concerned that the Russian President will look to save himself through a closer alliance with the Chinese Communist Party. It is clear that Xi Jinping’s regime is profiting from the misery unfolding on our continent: buying Russian gas on the cheap, increasing trade and ultimately every rouble and renminbi goes into Putin’s war coffers.  If it weren’t enough that Beijing and Moscow announced a “no limits” strategic partnership earlier this year, the two countries have just opened their first cross border road bridge – the symbolism is hard to miss. It is worth noting that China’s banks and businesses have taken a slightly more mixed approach to the invasion. Their hesitancy towards doing business with Russia highlights the strength of the West’s economic sanctions regime, as the very thought of being associated with sanctioned Russian banks rightly unnerves Chinese business. But the new Blagoveshchensk-Heihe bridge stands as a strong reminder that for the Chinese Communist Party its own survival will always come first over humanitarian concerns. Emboldened by the fact that China’s partnership with Russia has had no serious repercussions, the Chinese Communist Party has once again taken to sabre-rattling in its own backyard. At last weekend’s US-China dialogue summit, Chinese Defence Minister Wei Fenghe accused America of acting as a bully in relation to Taiwan, saying China would fight to the very end to prevent the independence of Taiwan. Taiwan, which over the last few years has acted as an invaluable friend and ally to the UK, and raised tens of millions for our Ukrainian friends, is at high risk of invasion. From sharing vital medical practices during the pandemic, to rapidly sanctioning Russia at the start of the invasion, this formidable island continues to hold out against an authoritarian aggressor.  Together we must stand up to the bullying of the Chinese Communist Party. I would tell Defence Minister Fenghe, that the UK always comes to the aid of like-minded democracies who value their liberty. An emboldened Chinese regime presents threats closer to home. This week, I secured a change in the law that requires government to make sure that Confucius Institutes – Chinese language and culture centres at UK universities – uphold academic freedom. If they are strangling free speech on British campuses, their partnerships could be terminated. The UK has the most Confucius Institutes of any country in the world, and they control the teaching of Chinese to our best and brightest at UK universities. The Chinese Communist Party eradicates freedom of speech at home yet uses Confucius Institutes to rewrite the realities of its actions. We cannot accept partnerships in our universities that compromise our national security and undermine our freedoms. It is astounding that Confucius Institutes have received at least £27 million from the government, and it is clear that we must find alternative ways to teach Chinese to our students. Now we must look at providing those alternatives to Confucius Institutes. To stand up to the Chinese regime’s bullying, let’s look to Taiwan to help us fill that Chinese language gap – in the way that good allies should. 