Emma Raducanu is preparing for her Centre Court debut at Wimbledon today - and the teenager has been showing her support for Rafael Nadal in her pre-match training session. Raducanu is making her second appearance at Wimbledon after catapulting herself onto the global stage 12 months ago. This time last year, Raducanu was a wildcard entry to the main draw of Wimbledon after impressing at the Nottingham Open. But since then she has reached the fourth round of Wimbledon and made history in winning the US Open. This year has proven more difficult with Raducanu trying to find her feet on the WTA Tour. Injuries have taken their toll and she was forced to withdraw from Nottingham with a side strain. Raducanu stated at the weekend that she was fit to play and make her return to Wimbledon. And she was spotted on the practice court in the morning on Monday preparing for her opening match against Alison Van Uytvanck. JUST IN: Medvedev cracks Wimbledon ban joke after playing with ex-Man Utd star  Raducanu was working out in the fitness area with her team and it appeared to be a light-hearted session. The four of them were playing spike ball in teams and Raducanu was donning a Nadal t-shirt made by Nike. Nadal's custom bull logo was emblazoned across the middle of the t-shirt and it's not the first time Raducanu has worn his attire. Back in March, Raducanu wore a Nadal cap to her press conference at the Miami Open. DON'T MISS  She had received a bye in the opening round due to her seeding before facing off against world No 1 doubles player Katerina Siniakova. Despite taking the opening set, Raducanu went on to lose another second-round clash. And the teenager appeared to pay tribute to Nadal, who wasn't playing in Miami, by wearing his hat to her post-match press conference. Raducanu was signed to Nike soon after her rise to fame at Wimbledon last year. The deal is rumoured to be worth around £100,000 on a rolling year-to-year contract. Nadal has been with Nike since he was 13 years old and signed a new a multi-million five-year contract back in 2018.