In a disaster night for the Conservatives Oliver Dowden resigned as party chairman after Labour took Wakefield and the Liberal Democrats won Tiverton & Honiton from the Tories in two by-elections. Iain Watson interviewed Leader of the Opposition Sir Keir Starmer for BBC Breakfast as he arrived in Wakefield, to get his thoughts on the victory and resignation. Reacting to Dowden’s resignation, Starmer said: “Well the Tory Party is absolutely imploding they know they’re out of ideas and out of touch. “If they had any decency they’d get out of the way for the next Labour government because what happened here in Wakefield was people exercising their judgement on this Conservative government and voting no-confidence. “But for me and the Labour Party this is very important because for two years we’ve been turning our party around and we were able to show the voters in Wakefield that we’re a confident party, we’re a united party and that we will focus on the issues that affect working people in Wakefield and that’s why they put their faith in Simon and the Labour Party.” Watson pointed out a by-election success does not necessarily mean a big win at the general election. Read more: BBC Breakfast viewers hit out over 'obsession' with Glastonbury He highlighted Corby, which in 2012 fell from Conservative to Labour in a by-election before being reclaimed by the Tories in the 2015 general election. “But don’t you have a problem though as people, are as you say, voting no-confidence in Boris Johnson?” He asked. “Back in 2012 let me remind you of Labour Party’s by-election success in Corby 12.7 percent swing exactly what you’ve got here. “You remind me of what the subsequent General Election was.” “Well yes, of course, but look I’ve had no end of commentators, polls for two years as we rolled up our sleeves and done the hard work in relation to the Labour Party,” Starmer replied. “And now we’ve had the sort of swing that puts us on track not just for a Labour government but a majority Labour government.” BBC Breakfast viewers weren’t entirely impressed with Starmer’s interview. Replying to the video clip on Twitter, @ripplecabin said: “I would have thought that the new MP might have been taking the accolades here, not the leader of the party. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood bids farewell to 'emotional' colleague [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty refers to BBC colleagues as 'rivals' in new podcast [INTERVIEW] 'Pick a side' Jon Kay grills Lucy Powell on Labour's stance on strike [VIDEO] @duncanpoundcake replied: “He hasn't got much to crow about.” Meanwhile, Boris Johnson shared his reaction to the Tory defeat to journalists from Rwanda. The Prime Minister said: “Although I don’t want in any way to minimise the importance of what voters are saying, it is also true that in midterm, governments post-war lose by-elections.” “If you look back to last May the truly astonishing thing was we managed to win Hartlepool in very different circumstances,” he continued. “What we need to do now is reflect on where voters are and I think what they’re basically feeling is that we came through Covid well, we took a lot of the right decisions there but we’re now facing pressures on the cost of living. “We’re seeing spikes in fuel prices, energy costs, food costs that’s hitting people. “We’ve got to recognise that there’s more we need to do and we certainly will.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.