Some plants love the sunshine and thrive when the temperatures are warm. However, this means they may also need to be cared for more, with increased watering. Dani Turner, customer experience director at online florist Bunches, has shared top tips on looking after both indoor and outdoor plants this week. The expert said: “The best time to water the plants in the garden is early in the morning. “Giving them a thorough drench before the day warms up allows for the water to run through the soil down to the roots ensuring you don’t lose water to evaporation. “For your indoor plants, we always recommend to underwater rather than overwater, as too much water can lead to root rot, amongst other issues. “For a happy houseplant, as a general rule a weekly watering will provide all the moisture it requires. READ MORE: How to cool down a hot room without air conditioning “A good way to check to see if your plant needs any additional water in the hotter, summer months is to push your finger an inch or so down into the soil, if this is dry to touch, then your plant likely needs watering.” In really hot weather, plants may need to be repositioned so they are away from direct sunlight. Dani said: “The leaves of your plants are prone to being sun scorched, yes plants can get sunburn too. “The best way to avoid this is to move them away from windows and further into your home. DON'T MISS:Hanging baskets: Watering hack to ensure they don't dry out [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £2k to boost value by £24k [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘game-changing’ product to get rid of watermarks [INSIGHT] “This helps to protect your plants from the harsh rays of the sun.” Container plants can also be moved out of direct sunlight for a couple of hours each day. The expert also recommended leaving repotting, pruning or fertilising until after the hot weather passes. Dani explained: “It is important to not cause your plant any unnecessary stress. “Avoid repotting, pruning and fertilising your plants until after the heatwave has passed.” During a heatwave, both indoor and outdoor plants are trying to survive the hot water. Causing them stress may result in them becoming shocked. Dani added: “If you are planning a holiday, your plants should be fine for at least a week if given a big drink and moved to a shady spot before you go. “For more than a week away, we recommend asking someone to come and check on them for you and give them water if required.” Gardeners can also mist their plants to provide them with a bit of humidity. This job can be done with both outdoor and indoor plants. The expert said: “Misting is a great way to nourish your plants and mimic their natural environment, boosting humidity, this is particularly important for tropical plants. “Misting can also prevent overwatering whilst still providing them with the moisture they need. “Many green plants thrive in high humidity settings, which is why misting them regularly is extremely important in the midst of a heatwave. “An alternative to this, if you don’t own a mister, is to move indoor green plants into rooms with naturally higher humidity levels such as your kitchen or bathroom.” Houseplants can also be dusted to ensure they can breathe properly.