Trying to get rid of stubborn belly fat can be trial and error and for women going through the menopause it can be even harder to shift the pounds around their middle. But experts have suggested a different type of exercise to target belly fat. Dr Pamela Peeke, explained: "What you want to employ now is high intensity interval training (HIIT). "Basically that means that moderate levels of exercise are interspersed with high intensity intervals throughout the week." A recent research study from Hong Kong, published in the June 2021 issue of Annals of Internal Medicine, showed that this Chinese discipline of low-impact meditative movements could help trim waistlines in middle aged and older adults. The study found that people aged 50 and older with central obesity - a term given to weight disproportionally packed in their midsection - who practised Tai Chi for 12 weeks shrunk their bellies as successfully as those who participated in aerobic exercise and strength training for the same amount of time. The study authors revealed: "Tai Chi [has] health benefits similar to those of conventional exercise and thus provides an alternative and more amenable exercise modality for middle-aged and older adults to manage central obesity." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Lead study author Parco Siu, added: "Our study suggests that Tai Chi can be an effective alternative to conventional exercise in the management of central obesity." He continued to reveal that people who took part in the Tai Chi study reduced their waist circumference by an average of 1.8cm (0.7in). And after 38 weeks (six months after the group classes ended), they had lost 4.3cm more from their waistline by burning belly fat. "This is good news for middle-aged and older adults who have central obesity but may be averse to conventional exercise due to preference or limited mobility," Dr Siu said. As women who are going through the menopause will experience weight gain around their middle, Tai Chi could be their weight loss answer. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] It has also been found to help ease some symptoms for women going through the menopause. According to Traditional Chinese Medicine, Tai Chi specifically relieves pain and inflammation, while easing anxiety, depression and stress, while improving balance. The motions strengthen muscles and bones which help to improve quality of life and physical activity. Experts have hailed Tai Chi for standing out from other exercise methods because of its spiritual benefits. It has been found to effectively manage common menopausal symptoms by tapping into the body’s energy channels. Practising as little as 20 minutes once or twice a week is enough to experience the benefits, say experts. Three exercises tailored to help with menopausal symptoms include: Stand with the feet shoulder-width apart. Float hands about hip height in front of with palms facing down. Rise the arms (leading with the hands) while inhaling. Then, while exhaling, brush the hands down. Bend the knees slightly while doing this and extend them again when raising the arms and inhaling. Stand in a lunge position with one leg in front of the other. The back leg’s toes should be turned sideways, while the front leg’s toes are facing forward. Withdraw: While inhaling, shift weight back onto the rear leg while bending it, and straightening the front leg. Bend the elbows and bring the arms just in front of the shoulders. Push: While exhaling, shift weight to the front leg while bending it and straightening the leg at the back, pushing the palms forward in line with the shoulders. Stand with the feet apart, and imagine sitting on a horse. Feet can be shoulder-width apart or wider. Slightly bend the knees, straighten the spine and stand up tall, while keeping the shoulders rolled back. Start by turning the waist and allowing the arms to freely flow with. Arms should lightly hit the back around the kidney area.