 The news comes as Russian forces continue their assault on eastern Ukraine, once again meeting fierce resistance by Ukrainian defences, frustrating Moscow’s plans. As with the invasion of central parts of Ukraine, Russian armoured vehicles and tanks have been heavily targeted in both their destruction and their logistical path through bridges into Severodonetsk being destroyed.   Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Nicholas Drummond, a defence industry analyst and consultant specialising in land warfare, said Britain, and the rest of Europe, must now continue supplying arms to Ukraine. The former army officer said: “Defence Secretary Ben Wallace decided the one thing to send was the N-LAW anti-tank missile. “These have been responsible for destroying an enormous number of Russian tanks, especially in the first four weeks of the war. “The ability to take out so many Russian tanks like this gave Ukrainian forces a huge psychological boost in the early stages of the war. “At the same time, the losses demoralised Russian forces, who saw tanks and armoured personnel carriers are taken out in such numbers.”   The joint British-Swedish-made N-LAW is produced by SAAB Bofors Dynamics and is a lightweight, shoulder-fired weapon designed with a Predicted Line of Site (PLOS) guiding system. Each unit costs around £25,000 - £27,000, weighs in at around 12kg, and since production started in 2008, has seen around 24,200 pieces produced. The N-LAW is capable of hitting targets at a range between 20 and 800 metres. Each 1.8kg warhead has either proximity or contact fuse detonation system depending on the model being fired. The N-LAW also has a 20-inch armour penetration capability, making it extremely effective against the heavily fortified Russian tanks. READ MORE:Moscow in FLAMES: 'Suspicious' explosion as factory burns   Mr Drummond said Britain is now ready to send more equipment to Ukraine. He added: “We are also sending AS-90 Howitzer mobile artillery guns, as well as various Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (MLRS). “Whereas Britain and others have helped Ukraine in supplying weapons, it’s not just the systems that are important. “Ukraine needs the ammunition to go with them. “Russia is firing millions of rounds a day in Ukraine, and Ukraine must be able to fight back.” Mr Drummond stressed a collective effort is now needed to end the Russian assault on Ukraine. The expert ended: “Collectively, NATO, EU etc, cannot afford to let Russia win this war. “It just cannot happen. “But aid continues to arrive covertly, with Ukrainian forces being trained to use it, making Ukraine stronger, and Russia weaker as sanctions bite and resources diminish.” DON'T MISS:Russia is building TWO new ‘Doomsday’ planes [REVEAL]Putin's plot to use horror chemical weapon on Ukrainians [REPORT]Germany sends warning to Putin in 'territorial command' launch [INSIGHT]   Multiple nations have stepped up efforts to supply Ukraine with much-needed weaponry. The US has recently pledged more equipment worth billions of dollars, including Howitzer cannons, helicopters and more ammunition. Turkey has supplied Ukraine with highly effective drones, largely accredited with the destruction of numerous Russian vessels in the Black Sea. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensk said earlier this week: “Weapons, finances and sanctions are three things in which the UK has consistently shown its leadership in supporting Ukraine. “We appreciate this really real, united work, when words and communication are constantly put into action.“I am grateful to Defence Minister Ben Wallace and his team for this visit, as well as to the United Kingdom, the Government and the Prime Minister for their assistance.” For more stories like this, follow Defence and Security Correspondent James Lee on Twitter: @JamesLee_DE   On a humanitarian front, Britain and other European nations have assisted in the protection of refugees forced to flee the war-torn country. Punitive economic sanctions have also been supported by many Western nations targeting Russian banks and income flow aimed at disrupting the cash supply to fund the war. However, in spite of efforts to stem the financial backing Putin currently enjoys, recent reports demonstrated Russia made nearly £80billion in the first 100 days of the war through sales of oil and gas.According to the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA), the EU was the recipient of over 60 percent of Russian fuel exports. 