Filling a typical family car with petrol exceeded £100 for the first time on Wednesday, which was labelled a "truly dark day" for drivers. But in a speech in Blackpool, Boris Johnson said: "The price of oil and gas looks likely to remain high for a while to come, and the same goes for grain and feed and fertiliser." Latest figures from data firm Experian showed the average price of a litre of petrol hit a record 182.3p onWednesday. That was an increase of 1.6p compared to Tuesday, taking the average cost of filling a 55-litre family car to £100.27. Meanwhile, the average price of a litre of diesel was 188.1p. But some drivers are paying far more. Fleet Services in Hampshire was charging 199.9p for a litre of petrol and 204.3p a litre for diesel. The Government yesterday called the rise "hugely concerning" and Mr Johnson warned fuel firms would be watched to make sure any future tax cuts are passed on to motorists. He said: "We made a cut already, the biggest cut ever in fuel duty. "What I want to see is those cuts in taxation not just swallowed up in one gulp, without touching the gullet of the fuel companies. "I want to see those cuts having an impact on the pumps. "And we are watching very closely to see what happens." RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said many people are hoping for more financial support as the recent 5p per litre cut in fuel duty now looks "paltry" compared with wholesale petrol costs. They have already increased five-fold since the duty cut was implemented in March. Mr Williams said: "There's almost certainly going to be upward inflationary pressure. "Fuel prices have been setting new records on a daily basis, but households may never have expected to see the cost of filling an average-sized car reach three figures." The AA called for a further 10p-per-litre cut in fuel duty. It also wants the introduction of a "fuel price stabiliser" to ensure the rate of tax is lowered when petrol prices rise, and only increases when prices fall. The call comes after its poll of 15,000 drivers revealed the cost of living crisis was forcing some people to sell their cars. AA president Edmund King said: "Two per cent of those on low incomes are actually having to give up their cars. "And 27 per cent are having to cut back on food bills, as they live in rural areas and need their cars to get to work. "The £100 tank is not sustainable with the cost of living crisis - so the underlying issues need to be addressed urgently." Pump prices soared after Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February led to oil supply fears.