Until now, breast cancers have been categorised in one of two ways depending on the levels of human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2), a protein that promotes cancer growth. In individuals with HER2-positive breast cancer, cancer cells have more of the protein than usual, with the rest of patients lumped together as being HER2-negative. The development of Enhertu, however, will allow half of late-stage breast cancer patients in the latter category to be newly reclassified as “HER2-low” and made eligible for the drug. The effectiveness of Enhertu was demonstrated by medical oncologist Dr Shanu Modi of the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York and her colleagues. Dr Modi said: “A lot of people, including a lot of patients, will not have heard of HER2-low breast cancer before. “We finally have a HER2-targeted drug that for the first time can target that low level of HER2 expression. “This drug actually helps to define HER2-low breast cancer. It makes it, for the first time, a targetable population.” Enhertu — an antibody–chemotherapy combo which is delivered intravenously — operates with a two-pronged approach, first finding and blocking the HER2 protein on cancer cells. At the same time, it also unloads a potent cancer-killing chemical into those cells. In the US, Enhertu was already approved for use in treating HER2-positive cancer, and in April the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted the drug breakthrough status for late-stage HER2-low breast cancer patients. In England, Enhertu was approved for use for the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer back in 2021 via the Cancer Drugs Fund. READ MORE: Monkeypox outbreak: Russia launches horror disinformation campaign In their study, Dr Modi and colleagues compared Enhertu to standard chemotherapy treatments in around 500 patients with HER2-low breast cancer that had either spread or could not be treated via surgery. The team found that the new drug stopped the progress of the cancers by an average of ten months, compared to just five-and-a-half months under the existing treatments. Furthermore, Enhertu improved average survival rates from 17.5 to 23.9 months. Overall, fellow medical oncologist Dana-Farber Lin described the results as “quite dramatic". Oncologist and breast cancer specialist Dr Sylvia Adams of NYU Langone Health enrolled several patients into the research. She added: “It's a practice-changing study. It addresses a major unmet need for patients who have metastatic breast cancer.” DON'T MISS:Putin outsmarted: TWO EU nations strike deal to scupper Kremlin's grip [REPORT]Spain’s 'alternative plan' to cause 'substantial damage' to Putin [INSIGHT]Energy crisis: Sturgeon slapped down over North Sea oil power grab [ANALYSIS] With their initial study complete, the researchers are now working to better define the extent of the HER2-low group — and further monitor the responses of such patients to the treatment. Enhertu can come with severe complications, the team noted, with three of the patients in the study having died of a lung disease that is a known side effect of the treatment. Doctors will need to ensure that individuals taking Enhertu report any breathing problems immediately so that the drug can be stopped and steroid treatment can be given. Enhertu costs some $14,000 (around £11,200) per month to administer. It is taken until the patient is no longer able to tolerate it. Funding for the study came from AstraZeneca in the UK and the Tokyo, Japan-based pharmaceutical firm Daiichi Sankyo, who jointly developed Enhertu. AstraZeneca’s Executive Vice President of Oncology Research and Development, Susan Galbraith, said: “We are pioneering new biomarkers and novel therapeutic modalities in our ambition to attack cancer from every angle and deliver personalised medicines to more patients. “The results from [this study] support the potential for Enhertu to redefine the classification and treatment of breast cancer across the spectrum of HER2 expression.” The full findings of the research — which were presented yesterday at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology in Chicago — have been published in the New England Journal of Medicine.