In the latest Money Saving Expert (MSE) newsletter, financial journalist Martin Lewis recommends people switch banks as it only takes five minutes and could make someone £170 richer. He highlighted which banks are offering the best bank bribes right now. Anyone struggling due to the cost of living crisis eating up their savings should consider switching banks as it’s one of the easiest ways to make money. It’s something that MSE founder Martin Lewis regularly recommends and in this week’s newsletter he brings up the subject again. Almost 70 percent of people have never switched bank accounts or haven’t moved banks in the last five years, an MSE poll found. “For those put off by tales of switching woe, do check when they happened,” the MSE newsletter advised. READ MORE: JP Morgan Chase CEO warns people to brace themselves He continued: “Since 2013, there's been a simple 'seven-day switch' system in play. “Now bank-switching services do it for you - closing the old account and auto-moving all direct debits, standing orders and payments. “So it should now be simpler and smoother.” The top payer is currently HSBC which is offering new customers £170 to switch, however there are four other banks paying bank bribes which aren’t as much but rate higher for customer service. DON'T MISS'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pension [ALERT]Santander launches account with 2.5% rate - does it beat inflation? [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey suggests how man, 60, can get by in retirement [INSIGHT] The current top five bank accounts for switching offers are: Readers have been telling Express.co.uk how they have made thousands of pounds over the years by switching bank accounts. Verena from Lancaster has earned an impressive £1,025 over the years. The 32-year-old first switched her bank account in 2019 when she was looking for a quick and easy way to boost her savings pot. She told Express.co.uk: “Switching my bank account seemed like a very low effort way of making over £100 for ten minutes filling out an application form online.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Latest statistics show 196,964 switches took place between January and March 2022 – a 41 per cent annual increase according to the Current Account Switch Service. To receive the switching bonus, people usually have to use the Current Account Switching Service. Most banks are now signed up to this service which handles the switch of all direct debits and regular payments. Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip.