While temperatures are currently rising in the UK, winter is looming closer, with fears about increasing prices. The energy price cap is expected to rise to £2,800 per year in October, according to the head of Ofgem. This represents a hike of £830, which many are particularly concerned about, especially pensioners with a limited income. The Centre for Ageing Better has asserted more than one in six people of pension age in the UK are already living in relative poverty. As a result, they have called for more action to protect those who need help most. Carole Easton, Chief Executive at the Centre for Ageing Better, said: “We welcome the measures from the Treasury that deliver immediate help in alleviating the difficulties the most vulnerable people are already experiencing in the face of the cost-of-living crisis, especially with the alarming prospect that this situation will only deepen as we head into winter. READ MORE: Pension inheritance: Five key questions to ask to protect your family “We are pleased to see the Chancellor acknowledge that pensioners are particularly at risk from the soaring cost of living. “He has provided measures specifically aimed to help them, with the one-off pension households cost of living payment and the restoration of the triple lock. “But we must also acknowledge that there is much more to do to make this country a decent place to grow old in. “We need action across Government departments to tackle the wider systemic problems that are leaving hundreds of thousands struggling through old age.” DON'T MISSMartin Lewis provides insight into £650 cost of living support [INSIGHT]Universal Credit recipients can get £1,200 in free cash [EXPLAINED]Inheritance tax: 'Efficient and effective' way to pass on your savings [ANALYSIS] Ms Easton highlighted the issue many are facing right now: the rising cost of energy bills. With prices spiralling, pensioners are finding it difficult to heat their homes with the money at their disposal. In fact, Ms Easton added almost 9,000 people died in England and Wales last year due to cold homes. With the crisis predicted to become more palpable over the winter months, experts have suggested more should be done. Ms Easton continued: “The quality of our housing stock is shameful when compared to our peers in Western Europe and measures must be taken to improve the quality of homes. “People need help with this and we call for the establishment of home improvement hubs in communities, with access to grants and Government-backed loans.” Throughout the winter months, pensioners are currently able to claim some support to help their finances. The Winter Fuel Payment is made available to those born on or before September 25, 1956. It has now been extended by the Government meaning individuals could get between £250 and £600 to help with the cost of heating bills. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The amount people get will depend on their circumstances such as age, and whether they live in a care home. A Cold Weather Payment is typically available to individuals claiming benefits such as Pension Credit. People will get £25 for each seven day period of very cold weather in their area between November and March. There is also a Warm Home Discount scheme, providing a one-off discount on electricity bills between October and March. It is intended to slash costs by £140 for those on the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit. In some instances, Britons will need to apply for the support to receive it. However, in other cases this should be issued automatically for ease. Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for Work and Pensions for comment.