Boris Johnson's former Brexit negotiator also slammed the EU for their lack of pragmatism in relation to the current difficulties over the protocol. Mr Frost argued that the deal he negotiated while a member of Mr Johnson's Government would have run smoothly had it been fully applied by the EU  Writing in a forward to a report by the Policy Exchange think tank Mr Frost challenged the Irish government to focus on an “all island” economy. He said: “Shaped as the protocol is by relative UK weakness and EU predominance in the withdrawal agreement negotiations, it enshrines a concept – the all-island economy – which suits the EU, Ireland, and their allies politically but which does not exist in real life. “The protocol arrangements could only have worked if, in real life, the EU regulatory framework had not been fully applied in practice (recognising, for example, the protocol’s requirement to minimise checks and controls at Northern Ireland ports) and there had been much more pragmatism in its operation. “As it was, the EU’s purism and its casually destructive handling undermined east-west links from the start and are now bringing the Belfast (Good Friday) agreement itself into great peril.”  Mr Frost added that implementation of the protocol should have taken into account the “economic reality” of trade between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, which the report argues is minimal. Only 4 percent of the goods and services produced in Northern Ireland cross the border to the republic, while 16 percent go to Great Britain, and 31 percent of imports to Northern Ireland are from the rest of the UK, the report claims. It comes as Boris Johnson is understood to be considering publishing a bill this week which would allow the British Government to unitarily override parts of the protocol. It is a move that has sparked fury in Brussels and Dublin. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Khan blames Brexit for UK airport meltdown  At the same time Northern Irish politics remains gridlocked with Stormont unable to meet until a new Northern Irish government can be formed. This is being prevented by the DUP refusing to enter negotiations with Sinn Fein who emerged as the largest party in last month's elections to form a new administration. DUP representatives have made it clear they won't negotiate until the protocol is ditched. Former Northern Ireland First Minister and Ulster Unionist leader David Trimble said that talk of an all Ireland economy had a “destabilising effect”. DON'T MISS:  Brexit plot for EU laws bonfire torn apart with warning UK goods  [REVEAL] Price of wine increases by £1.50-a-bottle...and 'BREXIT is to blame'  [INSIGHT] Brexit plot for EU laws bonfire torn apart with warning UK goods  [SPOTLIGHT]   He said: “Today the Irish government has a different language in which the island economy is an endlessly repeated theme. “The Irish government sharpens unionist fears that there is some all-island economic propulsion leading to political unity. “This has had a destabilising effect.” Shadow International Trade Secretary Nick Thomas-Symonds said a “pragmatic way forward” was needed. He said: “Now is not the time for a blame game about the workings of the protocol. “What is needed is a pragmatic way forward. “Chaos in the Conservative party should not be preventing ministers from getting around the table and carrying out the painstaking work necessary to find a solution, and the EU should engage in a pragmatic spirit.” 