Manchester United want to sign Lisandro Martinez instead of Pau Torres, according to reports. The Ajax star is also a top transfer target for Arsenal. But Erik ten Hag is eyeing a hijack on the Gunners as he seeks success at Old Trafford. Manchester United could sign a new defender this summer. Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe are all up for sale, while the Red Devils have often seen the likes of Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane struggle for consistency over the past year. United were eyeing Torres 12 months ago amid his fine form for Villarreal, only for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to settle for Varane instead. And it could be a similar story this summer, with 90min claiming the Red Devils want to land Martinez instead of the Villarreal defender. It’s claimed Ten Hag, who managed the Argentina international at Ajax over the past thee years, has made the centre-back his ‘top priority defensive signing’. Arsenal also share an interest in the 24-year-old, who has won four trophies throughout his time in Amsterdam. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez It’s said the Gunners’ interest is ‘more formalised’ but while United are yet to make a bid, they’ve made their own interest clear. Ajax want a fee close to £43million to part ways with their defensive rock, with the Eredivisie giants eager to make sure they get as much money as possible for their best players. United have set their sights on Martinez given they’re now on the verge of bringing in Tyrell Malacia and Frenkie de Jong. Malacia is set to touch down from Feyenoord, having previously looked likelier to end up at Ligue 1 giants Lyon. And United have finally struck an agreement with Barcelona for De Jong, who is poised to move to Old Trafford for an initial £59m. The report also provides updates on Antony and Christian Eriksen, too. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Antony is said to be United’s main attacking target, with the Brazil international managing 12 goal involvements from 23 league appearances last term. And Eriksen has received a contract offer from the Red Devils, though is yet to know Ten Hag whether he’ll be part of his project for next season. Regarding outgoings, several players could still leave United this summer. Bailly, Tuanzebe and Jones are all surplus to requirements having failed to fulfil their potential throughout their spell at Old Trafford. United are open to parting ways with Aaron Wan-Bissaka, while they’ll be happy to offload Alex Telles and Brandon Williams for the right price. Anthony Martial toiled at Sevilla last term and will be offloaded should the Red Devils receive a suitable offer. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And Dean Henderson is on the verge of joining Nottingham Forest, while it’s possible Tom Heaton will join him out of the exit door. Meanwhile, speaking at a time where Ten Hag has started leading training sessions at United, Luke Chadwick has opened up on how the Dutchman will be preparing for the new season. “I would imagine the first few days of pre-season will be about testing players’ fitness levels and seeing what kind of shape they’re in ahead of the new season,” Chadwick told CaughtOffside. “It’s also a chance for him to take a look at the club’s young players, who I’m sure will be raring to go. “It gives them the opportunity before the full squad comes back to try and make an impression on the new manager. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m sure he’ll soon be working out what kind of shape he wants, how he wants to play, and looking at the players he’s got will be a key part of that. “Transfers will also obviously be on the agenda and that will play a part too. “It was a fantastic season last year for the Under-18s winning the Youth Cup. They should be coming in full of confidence. “And James Garner will be an interesting one – he had a really good season on loan at Nottingham Forest and now he’ll be looking to keep playing first-team football, whether that’s another loan move or a chance at United, we’ll have to see. “I thought Brandon Williams was impressive at Norwich as well, he can play a few positions, so I’m sure he’ll feel he can have an impact.”