Three-time world darts champion Michael Van Gerwen has downplayed the potential impact an upcoming surgery will have on his performance. 'Mighty Mike' is preparing for one of the biggest nights of the year when he lines up for the Premier League of Darts finals in Berlin on Monday. Van Gerwen finished second in the standings and is due to take on James Wade at the Mercedes-Benz Arena. Victory over 'The Machine' would then see him face either Joe Cullen or table-topping Welshman Jonny Clayton in the finale. Regardless of the outcome in Germany, the 33-year-old is due to undergo surgery on Tuesday to help correct his carpal tunnel syndrome. Van Gerwen announced in May that the operation will mean he misses the World Cup of Darts, but the impact could be worse. "I am a dart player, not a weight lifter," the five-time Premier League champion told De Telegraaf. "I want to concentrate fully on the final now, everything is focused on Monday. I have to make sure my head is right. The rest is all an afterthought." READ MORE Isle of Man TT star had 'mouthful of bird guts and bust lip' after 190mph pigeon collision The Dutchman will be desperate for a resurgence in the Premier League after failing to feature in either of the last two grand finals. Van Gerwen once contested seven straight Premier League deciders and won four titles in a row between 2016 and 2019. Some heavy lifting will be required if he's to beat the likes of Wade and reigning champion Clayton, who defeated him in the semis en route to his maiden crown last year. That task looks particularly precarious when taking into account his carpal tunnel syndrome. DON'T MISS Colombian cyclist leaves wife needing stitches after wiping her out in scary crash Indy 500 horror crash as car flips upside down and driver rushed to medical centre Epsom Derby chaos as protesters dragged away by police after laying down on the track  It's an acceptable sacrifice for Van Gerwen, however, as he looks to draw level with Phil Taylor's record of six Premier League titles. 'The Power' is regarded by many as the best darts player of all time, but Van Gerwen can take another step toward eclipsing his legacy in Berlin. "After the World Championship, this is the biggest tournament, so it's a very important night," added 'MvG'. "Everything has to give way for this. I am ready to play the final. This is [why] I have been away from home for all these weeks."