Linda starred as Carter matriarch Sylvie, who died in 2017 after a heartbreaking battle with dementia. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about the hit BBC soap, Linda recalled some personal memories of Dot Cotton legend June Brown, who she had met before she starred alongside her in EastEnders. "I have so many memories of June Brown," the 81-year-old commented. "We worked together back in 1979 just when I had given birth to my second son and we were playing the leads in a broadcast television play called Instant Enlightenment including VAT. "I mentioned I was struggling to get him to breastfeed while I was working and she mentioned that she had six children. "We met again working on Eastenders and it was so lovely to be reunited." READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show She added: "June soldiered on for so long and I do really miss her. I was very sad about her passing." June died in April at the age of 95 after playing Dot since 1985 and stars from across television paid tribute to the soap legend. Speaking a month after her death, Linda spoke fondly of the well-known actress. The BBC soap also penned an emotional tribute to the icon the day after she died. An EastEnders spokesperson said: "We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved June Brown, OBE, MBE sadly passed away last night. "There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten. "June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton, not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2884 episodes, June’s remarkable performances created some of EastEnders finest moments. "We send all our love and deepest sympathies to June’s family and friends.  DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood shares details of three meetings with Queen [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers blast 'car crash' Dominic Raab interview [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Ardal O'Hanlon opens up on off-screen 'parties' [INTERVIEW] "A very bright light has gone out at EastEnders today - we shall all be raising a sweet sherry in June’s memory. "Rest in peace, our dearest June. You will never be forgotten.” June left the soap in 2020 after decades on EastEnders. She appeared in the very first episode in 1985 before leaving the soap in 1993. Just four years later she reprised her much-loved role as the God-fearing Walford resident. In 2020 she announced she would be leaving the show "for good" but she remains one of the longest-serving soap stars in history. Her death was marked on an episode broadcast the same day, with a photo of a smiling June accompanying the words: "In loving memory of June Brown, OBE, MBE 1927 - 2022." EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 