During an interview with the Telegraph, author Tina Brown made the claim, branding Meghan’s impact on Prince Harry as a “really sad thing”. She also accused the Duchess of Sussex of turning Harry into someone “so emotionally needy that he’s been completely and utterly taken over by Meghan and his whole personality has changed.”  She added: “It’s a really sad thing to a great many people.” “Meghan seems to answer some huge need in Harry and it seems like they are in a powerful codependency. And I do question how it will end.” The comments come following claims the Duke and Duchess did not have a “successful return” to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Royal commentator Angela Mollard suggested their stay was not as successful as they might have hoped, even failing to secure a snap of their daughter Lilibet with the Queen.  The Queen met their daughter for the first time on Saturday June 4 after being invited to her first birthday party, but reportedly asked for no pictures of the occasion. Asked whether Meghan and Harry's return to the UK could be counted as a victory, Ms Mollard told Sunrise: "No. They didn't get their picture with the Queen and Lilibet. "They didn't get any interaction with the royals. William and Harry are more apart than ever." She also suggested reports of the couple jetting back off to California on a private plane made the end of their visit "not so great."  READ MORE: Prince Harry returns to polo fields for first time since return to US Ms Mollard added: "Harry was criticised in 2019 for this, it's now happening again. At the time, he said he was going to fly 99 percent of the time commercial and the only time he would fly via private jet was to protect the safety of his children. "What's that like to the rest of us? We get on commercial airlines and we're not protecting the safety of our children? Look, it just doesn't speak well and it's not a great end to the Jubilee celebrations." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are believed to be working with Netflix on a docu-series about their new life away from the Royal Family and the monarchy. The pair moved to California with their children in March 2020 after stepping down from their roles as senior royals. Meghan and Harry were reported to have been advised to avoid having Netflix cameras following them while meeting with the Queen and other members of the family.  DON'T MISS:Kate and William 'made no effort at all' to bridge gap with Harry [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's Jubilee plans ruined as Sussexes failed get snap [PICTURES]Lilibet’s stunning first birthday cake created as tribute  [COMMENT] The royal couple were seen to have received a rather "frosty" welcome as they appeared at the Queen's Thanksgiving Service at St Paul's Cathedral. Video footage showed the pair receiving a mixed reaction from the crowd, with some booing as they walked into the service. The Duke and Duchess were seen interacting with Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie as well as Zara Tindall, with whom they have maintained a close relationship. But Prince Harry maintained his distance from Prince Charles and Prince William amid an ongoing feud further exacerbated by the Duke's comments about his family made in several interviews since his departure from the institution. Prince William and Kate were unable to make Lilibet’s first birthday party due to a prior commitment. 