There are more than 50 species of ant found in the UK and they tend to stay deep underground in the winter months. When it gets warmer, ants emerge from their nests and move outside in search of food, water and heat. Your home has all of these things, so you’re probably noticing more and more ants in your property. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their advice on dedicated cleaning pages on how they deter ants from homes. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get rid of ants in her kitchen. Jean Wilkinson wrote: “How can I get rid of ants in my kitchen please?” During periods of rain or warmer weather, ants are known to make their way into people’s homes. Ants in your home can be incredibly frustrating, not to mention unhygienic if they make their way to surfaces where you prepare food. READ MORE: Pests: How to keep insects out of the house using ‘strong smells’ Food in bins or crumbs on floors and work surfaces can lure ants into your kitchen. To prevent an infestation in the first place, carry out good hygiene practices by cleaning up food crumbs and spillages immediately. Make sure your bins are closed and not overflowing, and use a tray under your pet’s food. But how do you get rid of them once they make their way into homes? DON'T MISS: The Queen’s ‘must-have’ plants for every royal garden [INSIGHT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [EXPERT]Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle [TIPS] According to Mrs Hinch fans, using talcum powder is an “effective” yet “cheap” way to keep ants out of homes and get rid of them “for good”. Neil Hughes said: “When I start to notice ants coming into my house I use talcum powder as it is effective at keeping ants out for good and even kills them. “It works just as well as sore ant killers, but it’s way cheaper.” Selina advised: “Put talcum powder on them and put it in a line round the areas they are getting in. “This happened in our bathroom not so long ago. They came up the edge of the skirting boards and we put talcum all round them and it stopped them from coming in.” Judy O’Neil commented: “Talc definitely works. Had them in my kitchen. “Put talc down where I thought they were coming in, it worked a treat, no more ants.” Pamela Hawkins agreed: “Find out where they are getting in and add a mountain of talc because they hate it. “Since using this method I’ve never seen one again.” Talcum powder can be used around entry points to homes and ants won’t come through it. Plus, it is a safer method to use around kids and pets. The talcum powder works by breaking the ants’ pheromone trail. The powder gets absorbed through their skin and clogs up their airways, killing them off for good. Talcum powder can be picked up from Tesco and Asda for £1.