They will bring down this country even further. The whole world is suffering financial trouble. Now this lot will make ours worse. And for what? And as for Labour and its tactics, Partygate was only made worse out of spite. Nobody these days thinks of others. It is all just malice. Whatever government was in power, not one could have done better to get us through these last few awful years. The reality of all this for our country and the future of our children does not bear thinking about if such behaviour is allowed to continue.  RMT leader Mick Lynch should be careful with his "class war" stuff and dislike of Boris. It is a flashback to Arthur Scargill's hatred of Margaret Thatcher during the miners' strikes, says Barrie Warren from Bury, Lancashire There was only one winner there. We are not interested in class war and revolutions here, as Scargill found out to his cost. His workers were the ones to pay the price. There are many alternatives to rail travel these days as we have seen.  Cuddles, hugs, touching and feeling are part of the human race and yet we now have some of the most idiotic teachers in the world banning human contact at Mossley Hollins High School in Greater Manchester, says Susan Dance from Harrogate, North Yorkshire. They tell us the kids are struggling mentally because of the pandemic and yet no one is allowed to physically comfort them.  With things having started to return to normal, the Remainers had to do something to bring the country to its knees to prove that Brexit is not working, says Jacqueline Willard, Forest Gate, Greater London. What better way than a string of industrial actions to take us back to the 1970s? It is yet another ploy to get rid of Boris and the Conservatives so Labour and its union masters can take us all back into the EU.  So the RMT needs a huge pay rise to cope with inflation? Says Sue Leonard from Colchester, Essex. How does it think pensioners on a quarter of its salaries manage? Or people who are living on the minimum wage? Perhaps the RMT should visit these households on their free three days a week to see how the rest of us - those who cannot hold the country to ransom - actually manage to cope. 