Last week, viewers tuned in to watch the first two episodes of Sherwood, a BBC drama which portrays two real-life murders that shook the Nottinghamshire mining village of Annesley Woodhouse back in 2004. The six-part drama looks at the murder cases which at the time, sparked a massive manhunt in Nottinghamshire. Sherwood will also see how the tragic killings threatened to inflame historic divisions which triggered the Miners' Strike three decades before. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press in a Q&A, show creator James, who grew up in the village of Annesley Woodhouse, opened up about why he wanted to tell such an important story. He went on to pay a tribute to one of the victim’s families, who was also present at the Q&A. Alun Armstrong played the role of victim Gary Jackson, who was unexpectedly murdered in episode one. The series also shows how Gary’s wife, Julie (played by Lesley Manville) has to deal with the grief and aftermath of her husband’s death. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint “I wanted to find a story to tell in my hometown for a very long time and I'm impossibly proud to grow up and come from where I come from in North Nottinghamshire,” the Sherwood creator began. “I felt a huge privilege and responsibility to try and give voice to the kind of people and the characters that I grew up with and the issues that still compound as every day and I wanted to just briefly acknowledge that. “As many of you know, this is inspired by some real things that happened, and I felt sometimes overwhelmed by the responsibility of that because I take it incredibly seriously.” Paying a tribute to Gary Jackson’s family, James continued: “I'm very proud to say that some of the family of the victim that Alan Armstrong plays, is here today and I'm impossibly grateful for their bravery and going on this journey with us and speaking to the actors and speaking to me. “That's far braver than writing television dramas, so, I'm really grateful.” Explaining why he wanted to highlight such an important story, James added: "As you would have already seen from the drama, these themes and issues about how the past speaks to the present and how we're identified or how we're defined sometimes by the conditions where we're born into or when something impossibly tragic happens to you and your family. "I felt like that was that's what inspired me to write this story and without being really sentimental, these divisions we began to try and explain and tell in this first episode and we unpick throughout the series, they do still exist, there are political divisions in these communities. "I felt it was a great honour to be able to give voice to those different points of view." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist  [REACTION]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [VIDEO] The writer went on to reveal why he wanted to expose the killer in the very first episode. He admitted that he never saw the drama as a whodunit because he felt it would have been “distasteful”. "That's not the question at the heart of it, so that's why we show you the killer at the end of the first episode,” he James admitted. "What was more interesting to us to explore was the impact on a community that something like this can have, especially a community where there were social and political tensions, and as you identify with them. "I sometimes think what I find frustrating, I have no time for political culture as I think that deliberately tries to divide people." He added: "I would like to say it's very important to me to say that we reveal in the drama as is the case in real life, that the actual murder and the killing was not remotely related to politics. "And I think that's almost for me the most tragic thing... that something completely unrelated did stir up some of those feelings again, and if any steps we can make towards reconciling with that, then I think that's an important thing." Graham said he hopes as the series plays out, viewers will be able to understand the historic events which took place 40 years ago. "I know still feels very raw and very emotional for a lot of people today," he admitted. "So storytelling has a place at the table in trying to humanely and empathetically understand these very difficult things." Sherwood returns on Monday and Tuesday night at 9pm on BBC One.