The Boys has been missing from Amazon Prime Video for the past two years so when it returned to the small screen this month, subscribers couldn't have been happier. The first three episodes of season three were released in one go on Friday, June 3, with further instalments coming out on a weekly basis. After an unexpected death in episode three, viewers were once again left baffled at the possibility of another shocking death so soon after. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Boys.At the end of season three, episode four, Butcher (played by Karl Urban) and the rest of the gang found the Russian weapon they had been looking for. However, it wasn't a weapon at all but rather Soldier Boy (Jensen Ackles) who everyone believed had been killed years prior. When he is pulled out of the chamber, the first thing he does is lash out and an atomic light comes out of his chest. Kimiko (Karen Fukuhara) jumps in front of Frenchie (Tomer Kapon) to save him, getting hit by the light in the process and collapsing to the floor. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series She has the power to heal so whenever she is in a brutal fight, no matter what injuries she sustains. Whether she is struck with a sword or shot with bullets, Kimiko can recover within minutes and carry on as if she hadn't been attacked. When the gang pull her into the van though, Kimiko is still seriously hurt with no sign of instant recovery like normal. Episode four is left with the major cliffhanger that Soldier Boy is actually alive but also this could be the end of Kimiko. While it may look like this is the end of Kimiko, it isn't believed that she will be killed off. Firstly, she is one of the main characters in Butcher's group so if she was to exit, it will be in far more dramatic circumstances and not near the beginning of a season. Another reason in favour of Kimiko not leaving The Boys is because of the actress Karen Fukuhara's IMDb page. According to her profile, she will be in episode five, The Last Time to Look on This World of Lies, which will air on Friday, June 17, on Amazon Prime Video. DON'T MISS...NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell recalls moment wife almost got him ‘fired' [TRIBUTE]The Boys’ Black Noir opens up on tragic origin story [EXPLAINER]The Boys season 4 CONFIRMED: All we know about next season on Amazon [UPDATE] In fact, Fukuhara is listed for the rest of The Boys season three, right up until the grand finale which comes out on Friday, July 8. The only other upcoming project the actress has is the video game The Callisto Protocol which is currently in post-production. So it is pretty safe to say that, at least for series three, Kimiko isn't going anywhere. Fans are going to have to wait until the next episode to find out what she didn't heal straight away and how Kimiko is going to survive the attack. As of yet, a description for episode five hasn't been released by Prime Video. After it comes out, there will be just three more episodes of season three to go. There is no need to worry though, as the streaming service has already renewed The Boys for a fourth season. The Boys season 1-3 are available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.