In a televised speech, he said: "Today, the enemies' most important hope for striking a blow at the country is based on popular protests... But the enemies' calculation is as wrong as many earlier ones." A wave of social unrest has swept across Iran in recent weeks. Workers across the country, including farmers, factory workers, teachers and bus drivers, have taken part in demonstrations or gone on strike to protest against their living conditions. This comes partly as a result of the crippling impact of US-led sanctions against the country. The US re-imposed sanctions after the 2018 nuclear accord (JPCOA) collapsed. The deal limited Iran's nuclear capacity in exchange for billions of dollars worth of sanctions relief. However, the Trump administration withdrew from the JPCOA as a result of increased nuclear activity in the Islamic republic. Dozens of cities have been rocked by demonstrations over the last twelve months. In May, riots broke out in northwest Iran over Lake Urmia, which has dried up causing water shortages across the country. Water management expert Mostafa Fadaeifard said that the country has lost 30 billion cubic metres of renewable underground water resources. He warned of further, more serious riots unless sanctions are lifted. Mr Fadaeifard, an engineer, told the LA Times: "Unfortunately, we are almost bankrupt in water resources and have lost 30 billion cubic meters of our renewable underground water resources due to excessive consumption and land subsidence. "The country is prone to more and more riots, even much more serious than the ones we had before. "Unless the JCPOA is revived and more cash flows into the major desalination projects, the country will be lost." President Joe Biden is pushing for a revival of the deal, as talks are currently underway in Vienna in an effort to restore the nuclear accord. European officials are being forced to conduct the negotiations on behalf of the two countries, as the Iranian government is refusing to talk directly with the United States. Iranian officials have said that the onus falls on the West to impose sanctions relief. Further protests also broke out last month after a building collapsed in southwest Iran, killing 37 people. Videos of the protest appeared to show the protesters being beaten and sprayed with tear gas. Meanwhile, demonstrators booed and shouted at a cleric sent to the scene by Supreme Leader Khamanei.