Mr Taylor argued Tony Blair’s open borders policy has “absolutely ruined our country” in a heated rant over the impact of the former Prime Minister's legacy on the UK. The political commentator took particular issue over Mr Blair's stance on the European Union, claiming he “wanted to be the president" of the bloc.  He claimed after he stressed “what we’re seeing right now in the UK are the consequences of what he did” as Prime Minister. Mr Taylor told Talk TV: “His open borders policy has absolutely ruined our country. “It has attacked our culture and our way of life. “He wanted to be the president of the European Union. “I did believe in Tony Blair’s premiership, and what we’re seeing right are the consequences and the cost of what he did back then when he was the Prime Minister of this country. “Let’s not forget that this is the guy who have this open borders policy that actually is bringing in cheap labour for decades under his leadership." Mr Taylor continued: “We’ve seen the stagnation of wages. “The poverty that we see around the country now. “I believe in multiculturalism. READ MORE: Labour benches nearly EMPTY in Brexit debate as Tories rage at no show “I believe people should have the right to practice faith, religion, and all that kind of stuff. “But what he did ruined our country. “Even during Wales, we got devolution because of Tony Blair. “It’s just an absolute mess back then. DON'T MISS: Urgent calls for Brexit fee to be axed as hero dogs sent to Ukraine [WATCH]'Screaming’ woman demands neighbour gets rid of elderly dogs [LISTEN]Education union bosses rake in £1.4m as teachers threaten to strike [INSIGHT] TalkTV presenter Mike Graham concurred with Mr Taylor's assessment, adding: “It’s all Tony Blair’s fault. “Most of what we’re seeing is the result of things that he did, changes that he made to the constitution, ways that he altered the way that Britain is run. “He put all these liberal in charge of the institution. “He put them all into the civil service. He got the Supreme Court. “He signed us up to the European Court of Human Rights. It’s all down to him”. READ NEXT: Shopper slammed for chopping stalks off broccoli to save cashUni student goes to toilet with stomach pains before giving birthUK expats in Spain report apalling living conditions—'No human rights'Horror as British couple thrown off Air Canada flight for NO REASONChina secretly 'funding Putin' in Ukraine to 'fight Europeans'