The Russian President was seen “slumped” in his chair and left his clothes “askew” in his latest public appearance, a body language expert said. Putin’s tie and shirt were pointing in opposite directions when he sat down for a Q&A session at the St Petersburg International Economic Forum.  Putin, 69, reclined in his chair and smirked as he spoke to young entrepreneurs and specialists during the event on Thursday. Body language expert Judi James said the “smug” despot could have been trying to look like a “celebrating victor” amid the ongoing war in Ukraine. She told The Mirror: “For a man who is usually immaculately dressed, his pose has left his tie askew and his shirt seems to be gaping between the buttons. “At one point he appears aware of the way his belly is in one direction and his tie in another, pulling his tie back over the front of his shirt even though he seems perfectly comfortable with this sign of disruption.   “This style of smugness combined with humour and a laid-back pose seems to suggest a man who finds irony or sarcasm in the current global state of tension and threat.” Putin even compared himself to the 18th century Russian autocrat Peter the Great - who seized Swedish territory - in the “bizarre” public appearance. Ms James said: “Slumping back in his armchair in a diagonal splay, Putin displays his bizarrely comedic side here. “(He is) clutching the mic in one hand like a stand-up and using body language that is close to showboating as he speaks to an audience of young entrepreneurs. READ MORE: Russians shooting at each other in Ukraine as troops BETRAY Putin  “He is clearly enjoying himself and clearly relishing the opportunity to appear as a jovial entertainer as well as the invader of Ukraine, talking non-stop and apparently without a script. “His expression looks smug and his body language is slumped but also animated.” Ms James said Putin's “warmth and humour” appeared “chilling” given the chaos he had unleashed in the world. She added: “It looks like an attempt to diminish by sneering and laughing and perhaps then to appear in the role of the celebrating victor without a care in the world. DON'T MISS:  Audience bursts out laughing as Tory MP talks of petrol price cutRoyal Family watched and ‘supported’ Eurovision Song ContestQuestion Time: Fury as just ONE woman on panel “He works the audience, raising his brows and even laughing out loud as he uses small nods of his head in a rotation to engage the young people in front of him. “His pose of casual bonhomie looks completely at odds with some of his comments. “His left hand and arm are the ones doing the gesticulation, patting and scything through the air in a way that might put paid to the speculation over his dangling left arm during other appearances.” 