Speaking on GB News, the presenter referred to Prince Charles’s comments at the Big Jubilee Lunch on Sunday, when the heir to the throne hoped that the nation would not return to “bickering” again on Monday after coming together to celebrate the Queen. This comes as Boris Johnson narrowly survived a vote of no confidence in his leadership after being booed by crowds over the bank holiday. When asked what he made of the Prince’s comments, Mr Oliver told host Dan Wootton: “I suppose it depends what Prince Charles means by bickering. “The Jubilee notwithstanding, people have a lot to complain about, the country has been spectacularly divided by two years of disastrous Government policy and that’s not going to go away on account of the Jubilee. “One or two cream teas doth not a summer make. “It was lovely to see people coming together, communities having something to celebrate, celebrating Britain and Britishness was a grand occasion, but there is no realistic way that you can allow that to disguise or obscure the misery that’s the reality for millions, cost of living, rising prices and all the rest of it.  “The Jubilee was a grand event but there was a tint of sadness about it, there was something of the eulogy about it, the end of an era. “There was a certain sombreness I felt lurking in the background and I don’t think it would be right for Prince Charles or anybody else amongst the elite to say, ‘Now there’s the Jubilee, stop complaining’. “I think that’s a bit much to ask considering what people have been through and are going to go through.”  READ MORE: Platinum Jubilee REVIEW: Queen and Palace shine brightest Mr Wootton then noted that although the PM had survived the vote of no confidence, it was “hardly a ringing endorsement” and asked Mr Oliver what he made of the political debacle. Mr Oliver continued: “I’m cynical about the political establishment at the moment, I do understand at a visceral level why people have a lingering affection or support for Boris. “You know exactly what he is, you don’t need me to describe what he is, he’s a particular type of man.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and Prince Harry share new pic of Lilibet [LATEST]Meghan's REASSURING words to nervous Prince Harry at Jubilee service [INSIGHT]Roman Kemp breaks royal protocol amid mishap with Kate Middleton [CELEB] “You can tell what he is, which makes him very different from the likes of Keir Starmer, a completely hollow individual, a blank slate upon which whatever idea of the day seems to be transmitted or projected.” Both Mr Wootton and Mr Oliver slammed the possible contenders for Mr Johnson’s job, with the Kiwi presenter even saying “hell no!” when considering the possibility of Jeremy Hunt as Prime Minister. The Conservative Party today voted in favour of Boris Johnson remaining PM by 211 votes to 148. However, Mr Johnson still faces a substantial rebellion within his own party as many MPs expressed their anger over Partygate and the findings of the Sue Gray report. 