Manchester United chief executive Richard Arnold sent an internal email to address club staff after footage of his honest and damning review of recent struggles surfaced online last weekend. The Sun have leaked the contents of his email, featuring 'four key points' that he hopes will help propel United in the right direction under his leadership. On Saturday, a group of 12 frustrated United fans planned to launch a protest outside Arnold's home, making a stop at his local village pub, The Boot Inn, on the way. After getting wind of the plans, he chose to meet the anti-Glazer protesters, buying a round of drinks and tabling a 90-minute discussion. Arnold didn't hold back, slamming how the club operated under his predecessor Ed Woodward and 'burned through cash', surpassing £1bn. He also revealed United would struggle to go through with plans to upgrade the training ground and stadium without investment. His comments made the headlines on Saturday night after one fan filmed parts of the meeting, but rather than straying away, he doubled down in an internal email sent to United staff. Arnold assured that the hard-hitting assessment he gave the fans face-to-face was no different to his stance behind the scenes and laid out 'four key points'. JUST IN: Man Utd 'close in on first summer signing' as reps fly to Amsterdam The 51-year-old labelled on-field achievement as the Red Devils' No 1 priority, relying on a united and supportive fanbase combined with exemplary staff performance. He also explained the board's unhappiness with the disastrous 2021-22 season and stressed action was underway to improve results. Arnold then issued a reminder of the board's investment over the last decade. He also confirmed the plan to continue spending to back new manager Erik ten Hag, but via a fresh, more effective strategy helped by an updated structure. He finally stated his goal to maintain United's financial position, allowing them to invest in better facilities for supporters, staff and players. READ MORE: Man Utd already have two De Jong agreements but now they need a third Unlike Woodward, Arnold has taken a step back from football decisions, particularly recruitment-based, as part of a major backroom overhaul after nine years of under-performance at Old Trafford. He has handed those responsibilities to football director John Murtough, his deputy Andy O'Boyle and manager Ten Hag. United have entered the transfer window with a patient approach, yet to make a signing but confident of backing Ten Hag sufficiently before the season starts. Frenkie de Jong and Christian Eriksen are his two top targets, with Ajax winger Antony also high on his wishlist. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here