As fans eagerly await the fifth season of Paramount Network’s highly acclaimed western series Yellowstone, many were glad to know production had officially begun. However, viewers were sent into an even bigger frenzy after Rip Wheeler star Cole Hauser, revealed his wife Cynthia Hauser joined him in Montana.  Yellowstone’s fourth season ended in January and after a jaw-dropping finale, fans have been eagerly waiting for the show’s fifth instalment. Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley) was forced to choose between the Dutton family who adopted him as a child and his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton). He had to make this decision after Garrett ordered a hit on Jamie's adoptive siblings Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly), Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) and father John Dutton (Kevin Costner). After he decided to kill his biological father, Beth shockingly took a photo of Jamie disposing of Garrett’s body. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Thankfully for fans, the network confirmed season five in May, with production beginning in the same month. While showrunners and the cast have remained tight-lipped about the upcoming storylines viewers got a glimpse into the upcoming series. Taking to Instagram, Cole Hauser took to Instagram and posted a photo of himself, and his wife Cynthia Hauser standing in front of a dirt bike. He captioned the photo: “Momma made it to #montana [Cynthia Hauser] family time.”  Viewers were sent into a frenzy by the snap as fans were excited to see the two in the same location where production was taking place. @g.harries990 commented: “An amazing photo you both look great.” A second fan @angelapriestermosley added: “Fantastic!! We all around the world appreciate your hard work on this set. Love the pic!” As @beth.sappington wrote: “Enjoy the time together in that wonderfully magical place!” DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly on ‘heartbreaking’ John Dutton row [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Summer released from jail after star clue [THEORY] Cole’s co-star and onscreen wife Kelly Reilly who starred as Beth Dutton, also commented: “Can’t wait to see you gorgeous.” Fellow actor and Marvel star Frank Grillo shared: “Dream life brotha.” While the show’s on-set photographer Emmerson Miller made reference to the dirt bike and wrote: “Beep beef mf.” The season four finale was also a major episode for Cole’s character Rip Wheeler as he had finally tied the knot with Beth, after being childhood sweethearts.  While the upcoming storylines remain under wraps, the show revealed some major season five casting news. The actors Kai Caster, Lainey Wilson, Lilli Kay and Dawn Olivieri all landed roles in the next instalment of the western series. Lilli Kay is expected to play Clara Brewer, the new assistant for one of the Duttons, while Kai Caster will portray Rowdy, a young cowboy. Lainey Wilson who is also an established singer landed the role as a musician named Abby, whereas Dawn Olivieri will play Sarah Atwood, a confident, corporate shark and a new arrival to Montana. Yellowstone will return to Paramount Network on Sunday, November 13. 