Tom Hanks today made headlines after shouting at fans who nearly knocked over his wife Rita Wilson. Footage emerged online showing the Forest Gump star getting furious at fans as they attempted to get selfies with him outside a restaurant in New York. As the couple approached a car, a man was pushed into Rita. At this point, Tom shouted "stop it" before telling people to “back the f*** off” and berating them for “knocking over my wife”. Tom and Rita have been married since 1998, and the actor is regularly asked about the key to making a marriage last. Quizzed about what the secret might be in 2015, he told Extra: "Don't be stupid. I think that anybody that gets married is partaking in an act of bravery." The couple met on the set of Bosom Buddies in 1981 when Tom was married to his late first-wife Samantha Lewes. Samantha and Tom divorced in 1987 but had separated long before. Sadly, Samantha died of bone cancer in 2002. Following the split, Tom and Rita starred in Volunteers in 1985, and started dating around the same time. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly in 2015, Tom explained: “When we first looked at each other there was definitely a kind of like, ‘Hey, this is the place!’ I felt that, anyway.” Tom also revealed how he had to mature before marrying Rita. He added: “I was looking for something I had not found as a kid. “And a broken marriage meant I was sentencing my own kids to the sort of feelings I had at their age. “I was just too young and insecure for marriage. READ MORE: Tom Hanks rages as wife is almost knocked over amid health fears “I was 23 and my son Colin was already two when I married for the first time. I was not really ready to take on those responsibilities.” Tom also spoke to Oprah Winfrey in 2001 about the success of his second marriage, adding: ”The success of our relationship was a matter of timing, maturity, and our willingness to have an intimate connection.” “When I married Rita, I thought, ‘This is going to require some change on my part.’ “I won’t deny that providence was part of us finding each other, but our relationship isn’t magic—the way it’s shown in movies. “In real life, our connection is as concrete as me sitting here. “Not that marriage doesn’t come close to being hell in a hand-basket sometimes. DON'T MISSTom Hanks health: Legendary actor was warned about his health  [INSIGHT]Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [ANALYSIS]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT] “But we both know that no matter what, we’ll be with each other—and we’ll get through it.” Tom is known for his huge filmography, playing iconic roles in films such as Toy Story, Forrest Gump and Saving Private Ryan. This week, he questioned one of his previous roles, a gay man in the 1993 film, Philadelphia. Speaking to the New York Times magazine, he said: “Let’s address ‘Could a straight man do what I did in Philadelphia now?' “No, and rightly so. The whole point of Philadelphia was don’t be afraid. One of the reasons people weren’t afraid of that movie is that I was playing a gay man. "We’re beyond that now, and I don’t think people would accept the inauthenticity of a straight guy playing a gay guy.”