The team from Jiao Tong University’s helmet-like instrument is said to be able to identify, when a pornographic image or video is being watched. Pornography is illegal in China, and the researchers explained that they made the prototype to prototype “for bad information detection”. The Beijing-based researchers tested the device on a group of 15 aged between 20 and 25 men. They were fitted with the brainwave detector and shown 60 images, some of which were pornographic. The 15 male university students wore the device while sitting in front of a computer screen. The device then sent their brainwave patterns to a “deep-learning” artificial intelligence (AI) to be analysed. When an explicit image was detected by the man’s brain, an alarm would go off. But researchers did admit that the system sometimes raised a false alarm. They added that there were also a few limitations to their experiment.  This could have had an impact on the visual impact on the test subjects. The researchers also noted that they found it difficult to find enough training material. The device can reportedly be used by China’s special army of censors, called Jian Huang Shi, who detect what it views as inappropriate material. These people, usually women, are employed by the state to scour social media for inappropriate content. In February, it was reported that censors removed lesbian scenes and sanitised sex references made in the hit show Friends. READ MORE: NASA baffled as Mars rover discovers mysterious rocks While AI can be used to detect explicit pictures and videos, it is acknowledged that the algorithm makes errors sometimes. Human brains, on the other hand, can still detect pornographic content quicker and more accurately. And while the Jian Huang Shi are usually women, no women volunteered for this programme, which the researchers say leaves questions unanswered. In a paper on their peer-reviewed experiments, the researchers wrote that existing systems “cannot rapidly identify pornographic images when the scenarios are changing, but human brains can identify such images within a very short period of time.” They added: “Therefore, on the basis of EEG [electroencephalogram] signals, we can combine human visuals with machine learning to solve the problems.” DON'T MISS Italy drought exposes historic WWII shipwreck ‘for the first time’ [REPORT] Energy crisis lifeline as expert claims heat pumps a ‘no brainer’ [REVEAL] Putin sent warning: UK's 'three-year secret' finally unveiled [INSIGHT] An unnamed researcher also raised the point that there could be ethical issues. The researcher from the University of Science and Technology of China in Hefei reportedly said: “There is no law to regulate the use of such devices or protect the data they collected.” The research was published in the Journal of Electronic Measurement and Instrumentation. In another study, researchers in China reportedly developed an industrial robot that was able to read a human co-worker’s mind with 96 percent accuracy. The robots were able to measure brain waves and collect electric signals from muscles to recognise the human’s intention, according to the inventors at China Three Gorges University’s Intelligent Manufacturing Innovation Technology Centre. Lead scientist Dong Yuanfa and his co-researchers claimed that these collaborative robots, also known as “cobots”, could speed up the pace of an assembly line.