The Los Pueblos Más Bonitos de España campaign highlights Spain's prettiest villages. All the campaign’s villages were selected for their beauty and authentic nature. One of Spain’s prettiest villages was named as Grazalema in Andalucia on the Costa del Sol. The campaign website states: “Grazalema is a picturesque town nestled in limestone with narrow and steep streets.” The famous poet Aurelio Verde, once wrote: “Grazalema, Grazalema, there is no other like you. “To your silence the whole world comes looking for this green and white backwater, the Andalusian flag that is lit by grace of your making at the top.” READ MORE: Taxi scam in Europe warning - ‘never get in' The gorgeous village is situated in a high valley in the Sierra del Endrinal and in the foothills of the Penon Grande rock outcrop. Grazalema is the perfect base for tourists heading out to explore the stunning national park, Sierra de Grazalema. One visitor on Tripadvisor wrote: “Wonderful views. The village was so pristine.” Another said: “The views from the Mirador are excellent with wide vistas and breathtaking scenery. “Stunning views and a great place for walking.” Grazalema is the perfect spot for active tourists with rock climbing, horse riding and mountain biking on offer in the surrounding landscape. Tourists can also purchase local honey, wine and leatherwork at the town’s tourist office as well as learn more about the village. Visitors looking to experience some traditional food should visit Sabores de Grazalema, located very near the main square. The quaint shop sells Spain’s famous cured hams, meats, fruit conserves and honey from the national park. Tourists can also visit traditional workshops to see local residents hard at work producing the town’s famous woollen blankets. The small village has a few hotels for tourists and the best options include swimming pools with incredible views of the scenery. Tourists will see pigs, sheep, goats and horses grazing the surrounding fields as they make the trip to Grazalema. Grazalema’s Old Town has one of the most beautiful squares in the region, with plenty of restaurants to enjoy a bite to eat. Tourists will see pots of pink geraniums if they wander the town’s tangle of pretty cobbled streets. Grazalema has four historic churches as well as 11 fountains, several of which date back to medieval times. The village is located between Malaga and Cadiz and is easily reached from Malaga airport.