The Queen was almost led to glory by her horses Reach for the Moon and Saga who raced into second place after being pipped at the post. Racegoers at Ladies Day ploughed money into the red-hot favourite Reach for the Moon that failed to bring home a win in the Hampton Court Stakes. But the grandstands erupted when the horse passed the finish line with superstar jockey Frankie Dettori at the reins. Her horse Tactical also failed to take home a win, missing out on the top four in the last race of the day. Royal fans were dealt another blow after hoping for a surprise appearance from Her Majesty at the beloved racecourse. The Queen was missing from the royal box and opted to watch the races unfold from the comfort of nearby Windsor Castle amid ongoing mobility issues. But The Princess Royal stepped in to lead a carriage procession, with her husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurencey, 67. Anne, 71, dazzled in a copper-orange dress with a matching hat. She accessorised the shimmering ensemble with white gloves and a pearl choker clasped at the centre with a small silver brooch. They Royals braved the sizzling 84F (29C) weather alongside the Queen’s granddaughter Zara Tindall, 41, and her husband Mike, 43. Zara opted for a cream coat dress with pink button detailing and an eye-catching green boater hat with a pink floral detail. Her Majesty’s niece Lady Sarah Chatto, 58, followed behind in the second carriage with her husband Daniel, and the Viscount and Viscountess of Brookeborough. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, looked bloomin’ lovely in a watercolour floral gown, priced at £4,950, which featured a flared skirt and a sophisticated  V-neckline. Nearly 70,000 people turned out to bask in the sunshine and enjoy the glitz and glamour of parading fashionistas. Stars from the world of TV and sport put their best fashion feet forward with fascinators and hats of all shapes and sizes. One Ascot racegoer was wearing a plastic parrot in full flight and surrounded by foliage on her head, and carried another in a cage in place of her handbag. The headpiece was created by fashion designer Inga Kovalerova, who was inspired by a recent trip to Mexico where she saw a Frida Kahlo exhibition. Yuan Li, a milliner from London, was wearing a rainbow-coloured hat made from ostrich feathers of different hues in a tribute to Pride month. She said: “This is a great day for us milliners. This is the place where your imagination can go free. There are no limits for us who work in fashion. “I think because Ascot attracts the royals it’s unique and it mixes something quintessentially British with the flamboyant nature of people, which is great.” The race returned to its pre-pandemic extravagance following a subdued event last year. Attendees made sure to stay well hydrated with official event organisers lifting a ban on bringing refreshments into the races. A spokesperson said: “Due to high temperatures being expected, racegoers in all enclosures are welcome to bring water and soft drinks into the racecourse.” The mercury is expected to climb even further today (FRI), reaching up to 93F (34C).