Manchester United are only willing to pay £40million for Antony, according to reports. The Ajax star is on Erik ten Hag’s radar, with the duo previously achieving success together over in Amsterdam. However, it seems like any move to the Premier League won’t be easy for John Murtough to broker. Manchester United have struck an agreement with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong, though they’re apparently yet to convince the 25-year-old his future lies at Old Trafford. And they’re poised to land Tyrell Malacia from Feyenoord, with the left-back set to join to provide competition for Luke Shaw. Now, United are set to push ahead with plans to sign Antony from Ajax. The winger impressed in the Eredivisie last term, scoring eight goals and clocking up four assists from 23 appearances in the competition. And, now, The Mirror say United are willing to spend £40m on Antony as they look to bolster their attacking options. However, Ajax have made it clear they want £70m - meaning the Red Devils must either try and haggle or walk away. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Ajax are said to be ‘under no pressure’ to part ways with the Brazil international, who has drawn comparisons with Neymar due to his trickery and eye for goal. And they’ll only let Antony go ‘on their own terms’. United are also pushing to sign Christian Eriksen, who is currently a free agent after his short-term Brentford contract expired. Yet the Red Devils aren’t guaranteed to win the race for the 30-year-old, who could actually end up staying at the Community Stadium. If United do sign Antony, they’ll be hoping he can be the solution to their problems on the right-wing over the years. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Not since Cristiano Ronaldo have the club had a world-class specialist in that position, even if Antonio Valencia had his moments. United expected big things from Angel Di Maria when he touched down from Real Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2014. Yet the Argentina international lasted just a year before being sold to Ligue 1 titans Paris Saint-Germain, where he’d go on to become a club legend. United signed Memphis Depay in 2015, believing the former PSV Eindhoven winger could become Ronaldo’s heir. However, he was offloaded after just 18 months having struggled to impress both Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United expected big things from Henrikh Mkhitaryan when he touched down from Borussia Dortmund in 2016, shortly after Mourinho’s arrival. But the Armenia international’s best form came in the Europa League before he was offloaded to Arsenal in a straight swap deal that saw Alexis Sanchez move in the opposite direction. Sanchez, at the time, was viewed as a signing that could take United to the next level. Yet he scored just five goals for the Red Devils before Ole Gunnar Solskjaer allowed the winger to move to Inter Milan. Regarding Antony, former United star Luke Chadwick said in April that the winger would be an ‘exciting’ addition to Ten Hag’s squad. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “From what I’ve seen of Antony and read about him, he’s an exciting, skilful player who’s done well at Ajax,” Chadwick said. “It could make sense for Ten Hag to bring in players he knows and trusts, and that could help in terms of making sure the dressing room is behind you, as I’ve mentioned. “Obviously there are players in that position – Elanga, Rashford, and Sancho, who’s showing better form now and who looks like he has a big long-term future.“But you can never have too many good players, so if Antony does come in I’m sure everyone at the club would be fully behind that. “That’s how it should be – competition for places, and whoever’s performing well in training gets to pull on the shirt and play at the weekend. “Hopefully that will raise standards, as is needed if the club wants to be back to where it wants to be nearer the top of the table, rather than 5th, 6th or 7th position.”