West Midlands Police said in a statement posted on social media that there are reports of casualties, but the number of people is as yet unknown as is the severity of their injuries. Police officers, paramedics and firefighters as well as utility companies workers are that the scene of the explosion in Dulwich Road, Kingstanding, Birmingham.    The force's statement added: "One house is destroyed with others significantly damaged. Cars have also been damaged." According to local reports, the sound of the explosion could be heard for miles. West Midlands Police said people are in the process of being evacuated and have been told to immediately follow first responders' instructions. Dulwich Road and surrounding routes have been closed and will be for a very long time, according to the force. Members of the public have been urged to avoid the area.   The cause of the explosion is not yet known. West Midlands Police said: "We will keep you updated regularly as soon as we have hard facts." Officers were called at 8.38pm on Sunday (June 26). Footage shared on social media shows flames ravaging a house and smoke billowing skywards in front of a large crowd of onlookers as a large window frame crashes to the ground.  READ MORE ABOUT PRINCE HARRY NOT LEARNING FROM EDWARD AND WALLIS'S EXILE    Neighbouring properties also appear to have damaged roofs and brickwork. Members of the public shared their shock on social media with Twitter user Cara commenting: "The house explosion in Kingstanding is literally the worst thing I’ve ever felt or heard in my life." West Midlands Ambulance Service tweeted: "We are currently dealing with a significant incident in Dulwich Road in the Kingstanding area of Birmingham. A large number of ambulances resources are at the scene along with West Midlands Fire Service and West Midlands Police. "The public are asked to keep away from the area to allow us to work."  DON'T MISS: 'Glasto doesn't need her!' Greta Thunberg makes appearance at festival [LATEST] Urgent search launched for missing 10-year-old - police appeal [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: Meghan revelations could tear apart Monarchy (REVEALED)   West Midlands Fire Service said in a statement: "At 8.38pm fire crews responded to multiple reports of an explosion on Dulwich Lane, Kingstanding. "The explosion, the cause of which is unknown at this time, has destroyed one property and caused damage to other properties and vehicles nearby." It added that the number of casualties or injuries is not confirmed at this time. The Service said: "We are working hard with colleagues from West Midlands Police, West Midlands Ambulance, Cadent Gas and National Grid to manage this incident."   "Dulwich Road is closed and is expected to be for some time. People are urged to avoid the area to allow the emergency services to do their work. "West Midlands Police are managing evacuations in the area and we urge those local to the incident to follow the instructions of emergency service officers at the scene." A neighbour, who did not give their name, told Birmingham Live: "I had just gone into the toilet downstairs and shut the door. The explosion happened as I shut the door. "Living room's windows have shattered. There was glass everywhere. The house shook and I fell on the floor. I thought it was an earthquake. I heard a man shout help."   West Midland’s Fire Service has since stated that the incident is believed to be a gas explosion and was attended to by six fire engines and 25 firefighters. It has completely destroyed one property and significantly damaged three adjoining properties. The statement also revealed that the man who is now at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital was rescued before the fire service arrived at the scene. They added: “We have evacuated the affected and surrounding properties with our colleagues the West Midlands Police. “Our search and rescue dog and handler have been mobilised to the scene and an additional search and rescue dog from Lancashire has been requested and is also en route to assist us.” Planning officers from Birmingham City Council are on hand to assist residents who may need to be rehoused, while a structural engineer has also been requested. The statement concluded: “We continue to ask the public to avoid the area and follow the instructions of on-scene emergency service officers.” West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner also tweeted in response to the incident. Simon Foster, who was elected as the region's PCC last year, said: “Shocking news for Birmingham tonight. “Thoughts are with the casualties and anyone else impacted. “Please follow the current advice and stay clear of the scene.” West Midlands Police has confirmed that many officers will stay on the scene overnight. The force said: “They are working closely with West Midlands Fire and Birmingham City Council. “All will remain there for as long as needed. Our officers were the first on the scene. “They were real heroes.” Gary Sambrook, the MP for Birmingham Northfield, tweeted: “My thoughts are with everyone tonight in Kingstanding following the horrific explosion in Dulwich Road – I lived off this road for 20+ years and know the community will rally round each other for support and love. “Our emergency services, as ever, have shown true professionalism.”