Armed police swooped on crowds desperately trying to retrieve their baggage as airline chaos continues across the UK. Officers were filmed by bystanders heading towards the luggage carousel shortly after disgruntled passengers were seen climbing across machinery to collect their belongings. The incident occurred at Manchester Airport as severe delays stemming from operational difficulties continue to compromise bank holiday travel plans for hundreds of customers. Passengers at Manchester Airport revealed the chaos of baggage reclaim as suitcases were piled onto the floor, some dating back to flights from days before the footage was filmed.    One passenger told Manchester Evening News customers had experienced three and a half hour delays to reclaim their suitcases upon arrival in the UK. According to Manchester Evening News, the customer who recorded the footage claimed: “Passengers got annoyed because they could not get any answers. “People were climbing and crawling through the curtain on the carousel belt trying to find their own luggage. “The bags were there, but there was no one to put them onto the carousel.”    The passengers who had climbed through the carousel curtain in search of their bags retreated shortly before armed police approached. The holidaymaker who recorded the chaotic scene said: “The carousel belts were not moving and no one was there to help us.” Airlines have acknowledged severe delays over the half term period which have now extended into the bank holiday weekend as thousands of Brits hoped to head abroad. Manchester Airport baggage handler Swissport previously issued an apology for the delays experienced by customers in a statement that blamed “enormous pressure” placed on the aviation industry after two years of restricted travel. Read more: ‘Absolute carnage’ in Bristol Airport as flights scheduled to depart Addressing the recent delays, a Manchester Airport spokesperson said: “Over the last few days, TUI and its appointed ground handler, Swissport, have experienced significant challenges with their check-in and baggage claim operations at Manchester Airport. “From extensive discussions with the TUI and Swissport management teams, it is clear that they are experiencing temporary staff shortages, in common with other aviation and travel companies. “Given these challenges, we understand TUI’s difficult decision to cancel a number of services over the course of the next month, although we are obviously disappointed to see passengers’ plans disrupted in this way.” Don't miss: Spanish air traffic staff ‘set to strike’ heaping misery on travellers [REVEAL]easyJet and British Airways cancellations - full list [REPORT]British tourists told not to bring luggage and Brexit blamed for chaos [INSIGHT] Airline TUI, an acclaimed provider of package holidays, has been forced to cancel hundreds of flights from the UK over the coming month due to a failure of operational capabilities. An estimated 34,000 customers set to fly from Manchester Airport have been told their flights with the airline have been scrapped with TUI promising to refund passengers within 14 days of the cancellation. TUI customers have expressed their outrage as some were given just hours notice of their holiday cancellation with others only finding out their flight would not be taking off once they had already arrived at the airport. In a statement, TUI said: “We understand that last minute delays and cancellations are incredibly disappointing, and we would like to reassure our customers that we are doing everything we can to get them on holiday as planned.”   