Bread can be enjoyed at any time of the day, whether it be for breakfast, lunch or dinner - or even toasted as a quick snack. While this versatile and affordable item is easy to get hold of, it can be far from enjoyable once it has gone stale and mouldy in your kitchen. Here’s the best method for storing bread to make it last ‘two to three weeks longer’ - and it’s not in your bread bin. Almost 100 percent of UK households pick up a loaf of bread in their weekly shop, so it’s fair to say that it is one of the nation’s most-loved foods. While there are endless varieties of this grainy baked item, the one thing they all have in common is the risk of going stale and mouldy. Whether you’re struggling to make your way through a loaf before it goes off, or you're looking for ways to make those homemade loaves last longer, there is only one method you need to be successful. READ MORE: EU Brexit revenge blamed as food prices skyrocket According to one innovative TikTok user, keeping your loaf of bread fresh is as simple as adding two fresh celery sticks to the packaging. While it may seem like an odd way to prolong the unbeatable taste and texture of your favourite loaf, the science behind it really does work. In fact, this simple hack can make your bread stay soft and mould-free for as long as two to three weeks. While demonstrating the quick method in a short video on the social media platform, @kalejunkie explained that all you need is two to three pieces of celery. She said: “Pop it into the bag of bread, seal it up and pop it in the refrigerator. “The bread absorbs the moisture from the celery keeping the bread nice and soft - and also mould free.” To seal the bag of bread up, you can keep it in the original packaging. Simply use an elastic band or plastic tie to twist and secure the excess wrapping. Keep the bread away from raw meat in your fridge to avoid cross-contamination. DON'T MISS:Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [REVEAL]SPAR recalls popular sweet treat due to undeclared ingredient [INSIGHT]Co-op recalls tins of tuna because they may contain metal [ANALYSIS] If your loaf is not properly wrapped up or kept in an airtight container, your bread will struggle in the dry environment known as the fridge. According to BakingHow, freshly baked bread should be cooled off entirely before placing in the fridge, or else it will end up soggy. Shop-bought bread can be kept in its original packaging as long as it is completely sealed to lock the moisture into the loaf. Fresh bread can easily last nine days in a colder environment such as the fridge while pre-baked loaves will last up to 12 days.