A coalition of over 50 charities has highlighted issues such as these, calling on the Government to scrap prescription charges for the seriously ill. The Prescription Charges Coalition has written to Jeremy Hunt MP, the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee, asking for an investigation into the prescription charges exemption list in England which was drawn up in 1968. At present, there are some serious conditions which are not included on the exemption list within England. These include asthma, cystic fibrosis, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s and stroke. England is the only part of the UK where individuals need to pay for prescriptions, as in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland these are free for all. The Coalition has welcomed the recent announcement that the prescription charge will be frozen this year, however, concerns remain about the financial impact on seriously ill people. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands Zoe Oakley, a 42-year-old from Poole in Dorset is currently finding it difficult to meet the costs of her condition. The bus driver lives with Polycystic Kidney Disease, and had a transplant four years ago. However, she still needs to take tablets, which she has resorted to cutting in half to save money. In some cases, Ms Oakley has stopped specific medications in the hopes of scaling back costs. She said: “I pay a monthly price but I have even got behind with that. Even though it's £10 a month it's expensive and when I went to pay, I couldn't afford it. DON'T MISS‘Easier than you think!’ Britons could secure £1million pension pot [ANALYSIS]PIP: Britons with long Covid or other conditions could get up to £156 [INSIGHT]Frustration as Windrush pensioner, 83, forced to live on £74 per week [VIDEO] “It's a struggle. It's pre-pay so if I run out at a difficult time I have to assess it. I've cut tablets in half to make them last longer. I've had to do that with blood pressure tablets. “Doing this doesn't make me feel well. If I cut a blood pressure tablet in half I get neck pain and headaches and my heart races. My transplant is in harm's way but you're stuck. “It's better to have some than none. It's like food, you're cutting back on everything. "When I couldn't pay I decided not to take one of the tablets, one that stops the side-effects of the other tablets I take, and it caused incredibly bad heartburn. It was like knives going into my chest. But if I don't take the other tablets I lose a kidney and die." Ms Oakley is a single mum and is raising two boys, currently aged 14 and 10, but is struggling with money. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? She added: “I work but wages aren’t rising in line with the cost of living. I've heard others are doing the same. "There is so much inequality and it's not right people with Parkinson's, transplant recipients and those with heart problems have to pay for them whilst people with diabetes don’t.” Ms Oakley has called for a “system overhaul” to address the problems she, and others, are facing with prescription charges. Research from the Coalition in 2017 showed a third of respondents in England with long-term conditions had not collected a prescription item due to finances, with close to a third saying they skipped medication. The prescription charge has been frozen this year, however, Laura Cockram, Head of Policy and Campaigns at Parkinson’s UK and Chair of the Prescription Charge Coalition, said charges have risen by 26 percent since 2010. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She explained: “We're calling for change as the cost of living is not just forcing families to cut back on the essentials, such as heating and food, but also medication. “Our research has shown that vulnerable people will skip medication due to costs. This in turn can often lead to hospital treatment, costing the NHS significantly more." A single prescription item currently costs £9.35, a three month prepayment certificate is £30.25, and a 12 month certificate is £108.10. The Coalition has argued medication is unaffordable for many, and that if people skip medications, it may lead to hospital treatment which will cost the NHS more. A Department for Health and Social Care (DHSC) spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the rising cost of living and we are taking action to support households, which is why we have frozen prescription charges for the first time in 12 years. “There are no plans to review the list of medical conditions exempt from prescription charges, but extensive arrangements are already in place to help people afford NHS prescriptions and 89 percent of prescriptions in England are provided free of charge.”