Red Bull duo Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez burst into laughter when they considered an inappropriate reference as the pair discussed who has the ‘best spraying technique’. Red Bull have had a car on the podium at each race since the opening Bahrain Grand Prix, where both drivers suffered power unit failures. Red Bull have bounced back after a stuttering start to the season. Despite Ferrari’s early season form, unreliability has given Red Bull the impetus with Verstappen atop the Drivers’ Championship and Perez in second. After playing a key role in Verstappen’s epic championship win in 2021, Perez is undoubtedly eyeing the glory for himself this season. The Mexican has impressed in the early stages, and even won the iconic Monaco Grand Prix before heading to Baku - where Red Bull secured a one-two. The two drivers were enjoying some downtime and having a laugh with the Red Bull marketing department as they played a game where they had to choose between themselves and their driver partner. After Perez asked who between the two Red Bull stars has the best spraying technique, there was silence before a slight giggle as Verstappen looked at the Mexican. The Dutchman said: “With champagne or…?” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton launches staunch defence of new Sky Sports pundit His comment meant both he and Perez burst into laughter, with Verstappen placing his hand over his mouth in a bid to avoid laughing at the inappropriate reference. Perez stayed quiet, although he was clearly laughing. “Erm…alright we have to redo, we cannot use that!” Verstappen added. “We cannot use that.” At the Azerbaijan Grand Prix last weekend, Perez took the lead from Charles Leclerc at the start while Verstappen moved into second after the Monegasque driver pitted under Virtual Safety Car. The Mexican held a five-second lead but Verstappen powered back and made a comfortable overtake on lap 15. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen and Charles Leclerc out to break odd Canadian GP recordF1 news: Horner's Hamilton dig, Norris defends LewisRed Bull boss Horner 'worried' by Verstappen and Perez fighting Red Bull boss Horner sent a message to Perez, who was told ‘no fighting’ as Verstappen closed on him. Horner suggested it was not team orders due to the ‘significant’ difference in pace between the two. Perez ultimately had no response to Verstappen’s exceptional pace in Baku, but the Mexican has proved to be a genuine threat to the Dutchman’s crown throughout 2022. The title fight is perfectly poised given the dominance of the Red Bull machinery and it will be interesting to see how Red Bull navigate any team issues that may arise. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Canadian Grand Prix around the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on June 19.