Anthony Joshua has officially signed for DAZN, meaning the broadcaster will now show all of his fights in the UK. It marks a major step away from Sky Sports for AJ, which had previously broadcast all of his professional fights in the UK. Anthony Joshua said: "I am entering a new phase in my career with a new training environment, new coaches and now a new broadcaster. Negotiations at this level take time so I am pleased to have it all wrapped up and now I can fully focus on giving the fans and DAZN what they want, knockouts in the glamour division. "I've been working with DAZN and following its progress for a long time. We have enjoyed a really successful partnership in the US for many years and I know the team and understand the passion and drive of the business. "DAZN's vision and passion to innovate is what attracted me to the partnership. They are leading the digital landscape in sport and the future of sports broadcasting. "I am really looking forward to a long and successful partnership." READ MORE: Joshua ‘on the brink of joining DAZN’ as contract details emerge DAZN had previously shown AJ's fights outside of the UK. However, it will now broadcast all of his bouts to a UK-wide audience for the first time. Joshua's promoter, Matchroom Boxing, recently signed a mega five-year deal with DAZN, which was reportedly worth over $100million. Matchroom's chairman, Eddie Hearn, said he was looking forward to working with the broadcaster for AJ's fights. Hearn said: "We have been successfully working in partnership with DAZN for many years now and this new announcement with Anthony Joshua emphasises why they continue to set the standard for the future of sports broadcasting. "We have a shared vision with DAZN to make it the unrivalled home of boxing for fans across the world. "Now with Anthony joining the team the stage is set to do even more together and we are looking forward to getting started." Joshua had been expected to sign with DAZN, after choosing against a renewed Sky Sports deal. The deal was worth a reported 9-figure US dollars, putting AJ's earnings in the hundreds of millions over the next three to five years. DON'T MISSFury responds to rumours he is in talks to face Joshua vs Usyk winner [COMMENTS]Chisora would've ‘smashed house’ and 'robbed' students AJ threatened [NEWS]Hatton thinks Fury will unretire due to 'boils on backside' [ANALYSIS] The contract itself would require Joshua to have two fights each year, starting with the highly-anticipated rematch against Oleksandr Usyk. Usyk beat AJ by unanimous decision in September 2021 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. It was the second time Joshua had been defeated, and handed Usyk all three of his heavyweight belts. Usyk has now won all 19 of his professional fights, 13 of which came by knockout. The rematch is expected to take place in the middle of August. It will likely be a return to Saudi Arabia for Joshua, who last fought in the Middle East for his rematch against Andy Ruiz Jr. Hearn is yet to confirm an official date for the rematch, but August 13 and August 20 are the two main targets for the showdown. It will also be the first time a Joshua fight will be broadcast by DAZN in the UK.