During the special Jubilee weekend ended on Sunday, the monarch provided a reminder to her heirs, and in particular Prince George, to never forget to have fun no matter how important their roles, according to body language expert Judi James. The eight-year-old will have seen how keen the Queen still is to have fun while watching the skit she filmed to open the Party at the Palace concert, the commentator added. She told the Mirror: "This very touching royal line-up on the balcony provided a glimpse of the past present and future of the monarchy in one perfect pose. "Not only has the Queen been able to remind her heirs of both the sense of duty they need to inherit but also the way they should never take themselves too seriously or to forget to have fun. "George in particular will probably have learned from her hilarious video appearance with Paddington Bear alongside all the more serious mentoring he has been receiving from his father." The Queen filmed a sketch video with fictional character Paddington bear prior to the celebrations. In the brief video, Paddington thanked the monarch for hosting him for tea, before drinking the beverage straight from the teapot and inadvertently splashing with cake a royal aide. The Queen laughed off these missteps and, after being offered a marmalade sandwich, she took out her own from her iconic handbag. The video ended with the monarch and the bear tapping their cups with teaspoons to the rhythm of Queen's son We Will Rock You. Prince George and Princess Charlotte, who watched the concert live from the Royal Box located near the Palace's gates, appeared to be as surprised by the skit by the unaware members of the public. READ MORE: Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry Indeed, Charlotte remained open-mouthed at the sight of the Queen having tea at Buckingham Palace with Paddington while George laughed alongside his doting dad. As noted by Ms James, George, Prince William and Prince Charles stood near the sovereign on Saturday on the balcony of her Palace. This provided the chance for the Firm to showcase the future of the monarchy, including the next three Kings and the people closer to them to provide them with support. George and the Queen shared the balcony also on Thursday, when all working royals and some of their close family members watched together the RAF flypast.  During the past weekend, Prince George marked a series of important firsts - including his first-ever official visit to Wales. On Saturday, he headed to Cardiff Castle with his parent and sister to meet people working on the local Jubilee concert. There, he was pictured working the controls of a technical desk and laughing with Charlotte as she conducted musicians with her hands. The siblings also joined their parents in a walkabout, during which they received flowers from royal well-wishers. This marked the second time Charlotte and George met royal fans. Their first walkabout took place on Christmas Day 2019, after they attended service at St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham. During an adorable exchange, Princess Charlotte famously gave a hug to a fan who gifted her a pink inflatable flamingo. Prince Louis, who at the time was one year old, has yet to take part in a walkabout. Nevertheless, the four-year-old attended a few events last weekend. The tot stole the show on Thursday, as he lively expressed his happiness at being able to see the Red Arrows and other aircraft during the flypast. On Sunday, he was again at the centre of the attention as he watched the Platinum Jubilee pageant in the company of several other members of the Firm.