Taking its cue from Álex Pina’s global phenomenon, Money Heist: Korea - Joint Economic Area Part 1 will be dropping on Netflix today (June 24) with viewers able to binge the first set of episodes. Money Heist Korea sees the popular series reborn in Asia against the backdrop of political tensions and imagines the Peninsula on the brink of reunification. The show has been written by Ryu Yong-jae and directed by Kim Hong-sun, and features some big Korean stars - Express.co.uk takes a closer look. Professor - Yoo Ji-tae Leading the cast is Yoo Ji-tae as the mastermind behind the heist on the mint: the Professor. The character was first played by Álvaro Morte in the Spanish original. The actor and director is best known for his roles in Korean hits Oldboy, Lady Vengeance, Ditto and Mai Ratima. Raquel - Kim Yunjin Taking on Raquel from Itziar Ituño, the police detective hellbent on stopping the group and facing up to the Professor, is Kim Yunjin. She is most familiar to western audiences thanks to her turn as Sun-Hwa Kwon in ABC’s Lost as well as roles in Seven Days, Swiri, and Milae. READ MORE: Money Heist remake: Will any of the original cast appear in remake? Nairobi - Jang Yoon-ju Starring as the counterfeiting genius Nairobi - originally played by Alba Flores - is Jang Yoon-ju. This is the actress’ biggest role to date after starring in Three Sisters, TV series Knowing Bros, and Veteran. Denver - Kim Ji-hun Kim Ji-hun takes over from Jaime Lorente as the hot-headed Denver, who joins the heist with his father. His previous credits include The Flower of Evil, Goddess of Marriage, and Jang Bo Ri Is Here, along with a multitude of TV roles. Berlin - Park Hae-soo Perhaps the most famous face among the cast is Park Hae-soo, who takes on the part of Berlin from Pedro Alonso. The actor shot to fame in Netflix’s Korean smash hit Squid Game after featuring in By Quantum Physics: A Nightlife Venture, Time To Hunt, Memories of the Alhambra, and Kimaira. Tokyo - Jun Jong-seo Jun Jong-seo serves as heist member and narrator Tokyo with Úrsula Corberó first starring in the role. The actress is slowly building up her acting CV with parts in Nothing Serious, The Call, and Burning before landing Tokyo in Money Heist Korea. DON'T MISS...Will there be a season 6 of Money Heist? [ANALYSIS]Money Heist cancelled: Why was Money Heist nearly cancelled? [EXPLAINER]Money Heist: Could Money Heist happen in real life? [INSIGHT] Moscow - Lee Won-jong Veteran star Lee Won-jong is thief Moscow and the father of Denver. The role was first portrayed by Paco Tous. The star has appeared in Frivolous Wife, Warrior Baek Dong Soo, Guseju, and Marine Boy, among other roles. Rio - Lee Hyun-woo Playing tech whizkid and the one to take down the mint’s intel systems as Rio is Lee Hyun-woo, who replaces Miguel Herrán. The young actor has featured in a number of TV shows including God of Study, The Great Queen of Seondeok, and The Beautiful You, as well as in movies Secretly Greatly, The Con Artists, and Northern Limit Line. Helsinki - Kim Ji-hoon Taking over from Darko Perić as soldier and the heist’s muscle Helsinki is Kim Ji-hun. He has previously starred in TV shows The Good Detective, Bimilui Soap, Voice, and Last. Oslo - Lee Kyu-ho Brother to Helsinki, Oslo is played by Lee Kyu-ho after the character was first portrayed by Roberto García Ruiz. The actor has appeared in #Alive, The Outlaws, The Food Detective and The Uncanny Counter but Money Heist will be his most high-profile part to date. Money Heist: Korea - Joint Economic Area Part 1 is released on Netflix today