Russell Myers, who appeared on Monday's instalment of Lorraine, claimed the Duke of Cambridge believes a "slimmed-down" Royal Family is the best way to ensure its survival. He told ITV viewers there are "rows going on" within the family about Prince William's shamed uncle who did not attend Royal Ascot. Russell claimed William would like his uncle to "fade away into the background". Speaking to Lorraine Kelly, Russell explained: "Looking at what William wants to take on, I think he really values that aspect of a slimmed-down monarchy. "One of the people he definitely does not want at the top table is uncle Prine Andrew." Lorraine nodded and chimed in: "Oh, his uncle Andrew." "What do you do with a problem like Prince Andrew?" Russell asked. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint  He continued to say Andrew has been trying to "put himself back into the fold". "There are rows going on within the family," Russell added. "We've spoken about how he was trying to get involved in this Royal Garter event which was one of the big calendar events at Windsor Castle. "He was pushed to the side once again as he didn't go to Royal Ascot because the Queen didn't go.  "He was probably trying to accompany her to the big event." Russell continued: "Now William would definitely like him to fade away into the background and stop being a nuisance. "But this is Prince Andrew and we have said this many times before, haven't we? "So I don't think it will be happening overnight."  DON'T MISS...Woman claims Epstein raped her while Prince Andrew there [LATEST]Royal LIVE: William hatches new masterplan to make Andrew 'vanish' [UPDATE]Meghan fans accuse Firm of bid to 'silence' Duchess [ROYALS] Andrew did not attend public parts of the Order of the Garter earlier this month and missed out on Royal Ascot altogether. Andrew, who is the third child of the Queen, was stripped of his royal titles and HRH status by his mother for his links to convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. He lost his titles when he prepared to pay a settlement in February, reportedly worth £12 million, to Virginia Roberts, who had accused him of sexually abusing her when she was 17. The 62-year-old has consistently denied her allegations.  Andrew pledged to support the “fight against the evils of sex-trafficking, and by supporting its victims” in a statement issued as the case was settled. He failed to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this month after it was announced he tested positive for Covid-19. Many other members of the Royal Family were present at the celebrations, including the Duke and Duchess of Sussex who flew in from America. Lorraine continues on weekdays at 9am on ITV. 