Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on social media. Fans of the sensation often take to Facebook groups to share their own recommendations. In one group, cleaning enthusiast Angelika Gajewska asked: "Someone please help. I’ve got fake tan all over my mattress, we’ve only had this mattress since October so it's not even a year old. Any tips on how I can attempt to clean this? We just tried salt and lemon paste as recommended on the Dreams website." Mrs Hinch fan and group user Sam Gilmour recommended Vanish spray. "It's amazing," she said. However, the most popular solution was using a carpet cleaner. Paula Mcgimpsey advised: "Dr Beckmann or bleach and hot water with some biological washing powder will take it off if you scrub it but don’t soak it." Another user, Dawn Gillen, agreed: "I did the same, Dr Beckmann's carpet stain was brilliant!" READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 10p hack to remove yellow stains from my pillow  "I just cleaned my mattress with Dr Beckmann's carpet cleaner and when dried I sprayed it with diluted fabric softener and it’s good as new!" shared Rebeccaa Kkennedy. "Flash bleach and a carpet cleaner, mine came up like new," said Leanne Cavanagh. Nicola Coughlan explained: "I used Mr Beckmann carpet cleaner and it even removed fake tan from my daughter's mattress." "Defo use carpet cleaner spray on and leave then clean with a carpet cleaner device," added Samantha Wright.  beckmann Charlene Prowse also advised using carpet cleaner as it "works perfectly". Other cleaning enthusiasts recommended using baking soda. Jeannie Robb explained how to clean the mattress: "Rub dry baking soda well into stains, hoover well, repeat until clean. "You could actually mix Fairy liquid into baking soda, rub well in, repeat until clean. Hoover and let dry." Zena Jones said: "Flash bicarbonate of soda spray. I cleaned my mattress with it, came up a treat. Smells fresh too." Another popular option was using shaving foam. Janice Morris shared her technique: "I would take it off the bed and lean it up against a wall - then punch the hell out of it (this will make any dead skin, dust mites and so on fall to the bottom) then vacuum and vacuum it. "If you wet a mattress too much what happens is the water penetrates deep into the mattress where there's no air circulating and before it can dry (which might take days) the water starts to go stagnant and smells musty so don't wet it too much. "I think covering it with shaving foam, agitating the shaving foam then wiping it off with an almost dry cloth might work well. "When you've done that see where you are with it and if there are any obvious or bad stains remaining dab them repeatedly with a warm soapy cloth." Lisa Dines recommended: "Hoover the mattress, treat any stained areas by making mattress slightly damp with a cloth and rub with a Vanish Soap Bar, then wipe again with a damp cloth and pat dry with a clean towel. "Make sure it's completely dry, then sprinkle bicarbonate of soda all over and leave it a good few hours, then hoover again. Don't let the mattress get too wet."