Blue Bloods has been airing on CBS for more than a decade and is now the third longest-running drama on the network, shortly behind NCIS and NCIS Los Angeles. Season 12 might have just finished but fans have already turned their attention to whether or not the drama will be making a comeback. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the future of Blue Bloods. WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Blue Bloods season 12. Yes, Blue Bloods will be back for season 13 after CBS renewed the drama for another outing in April. Series 12 was midway through airing when the announcement was made, leaving viewers delighted with the knowledge that it wouldn't be the end just yet. As of yet, there has been no talk of a possible release date for this latest season. But like with previous series, Blue Bloods could be back sometime in the fall of this year. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna CBS Entertainment President Kelly Kahl said in a statement: “America’s favourite first family of law enforcement is back for season 13. “The Reagans possess an incredible bond with audiences literally everywhere and on every platform. "And in its 12th season, with over 250 episodes, Blue Bloods not only continues to dominate in the ratings but excels at an exceptionally high creative level.” There are some fans of the drama though who have yet to watch the latest episodes. Blue Bloods' latest season has already come out in America but UK fans have had to wait for the series to air. There is no need to wait much longer though as the series is almost ready to begin. Blue Bloods season 12 will make its UK debut on Monday, June 20, at 9pm on Sky Witness. As those in the States already know, there will be plenty of scope for a 13th outing following the end of season 12. DON'T MISS...Katherine Ryan opens up on cancel culture 'I don't worry about it' [EXPLAINER]Blue Bloods season 13 theory: Jamie Reagan to be made Captain  [THEORY]Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment  [MISTAKE] In the grand finale, Erin Reagan (played by Bridget Moynahan) had come to a crossroads in her career. After butting heads with the current district attorney on one too many issues, she decided to do something about it. So at the weekly Reagan family dinner, Erin announced she would be stepping up and running for district attorney. Whether she wins or loses, fans will be interested to see the expected shift in the family dynamic. Elsewhere in Silver Linings, Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) and Maria Baez (Marisa Ramirez) were working on an investigation involving a pregnant woman in the witness protection programme. Sadly, the woman was killed after a bomb exploded in her home but somehow, the baby survived. Baez confided in Danny, saying that she couldn't stop thinking about the baby since her mother died. By the end of the finale, Baez went ahead and adopted the little girl but how will she balance becoming a single mum with her career in the force? Blue Bloods is available to watch on CBS in America and Sky Witness in the UK.