Conservative MPs provided the party's Parliamentary chair with enough no confidence letters to trigger a vote today, Sir Graham Brady announced this morning. The 1922 committee leader set up a speedy ballot for June 6 allowing disaffected party members to voice their opinions via a vote that could potentially oust Boris Johnson. Results from that ballot have now arrived, with new implications for the country's Government. No confidence ballots require a majority of MPs to vote for or against their party leader. Mr Johnson needed to gain at least 50 percent plus one vote to stay in office, meaning 180 in total. MPs voted from 6pm, and Sir Graham has unveiled the results of their ballot. READ MORE: 'Only serves is Labour!' Ann Widdecombe slams Tory MP no confidence They have declared their confidence in the Prime Minister as Tory leader. But he only won a slim majority, with a disappointing vote potentially damaging his career regardless. A total of 211 MPs voted they were confident in the PM, vs 148 who voted no confidence. The majority of 63 has spelled potential political disaster for Mr Johnson, who has won by a slimmer majority than his predecessor. Theresa May, whose leadership was questioned via ballot in 2018, managed to find a larger majority from her colleagues. Of 317 MPs, 200 said they had confidence in the then Prime Minister, and 117 said they had no confidence, a majority of 83. The number translated to 63 percent overall, compared to 59 percent who supported Mr Johnson. Prominent Conservatives and Labour members have spoken out about what the "disappointing" results mean for the Prime Minister. They have touched on the damage caused to his once overriding support. Speaking ahead of the vote, Sir Keir Starmer said that even winning a no-confidence vote could oust him. He told LBC: ""History tells us this is the beginning of the end. "If you look at previous examples of no-confidence votes, even when Tory PMs survived those, he might survive it tonight, the damage is already done and usually they fall reasonably swiftly afterwards." And Andrew Neil said via Twitter: "The result not that different from Thatcher v Heseltine in 1990. She got 204 votes, Hezza 152. "The cabinet turned against her and she was gone. This cabinet will stick with Mr Johnson for now." He added: "If the rebels had waited til the two by-elections on June 23rd — Tories expected to lose both — the result might have been very different. "Why didn’t they? It was not an organised coup attempt. Nobody in control, nobody orchestrating the rebellion."