Chelsea would be an 'attractive' option for Raheem Sterling if the west London club makes a bid for the attacker this summer. Sterling has just 12 months remaining on his contract at the Etihad with uncertainty growing over his future at the club. Sterling held off on holding talks with City over a new deal throughout last season as he wanted to see how much regular football he would get. He ended up playing 47 games in all competitions, but largely used off the bench for big games in the Champions League. The England international wants a regular starting spot, particularly with the Qatar World Cup just around the corner. City are set to welcome both Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez to the club this summer, adding even more competition for places in attack next season. Pep Guardiola already has Phil Foden, Jack Grealish, Gabriel Jesus and Riyad Mahrez all vying for starting spots. Jesus is strongly being linked with a move away from the Etihad to Arsenal and Sterling may well join him in moving down south to London. JUST IN: Romelu Lukaku handed Chelsea lifeline by Cech despite Inter talks  According to the Telegraph, Chelsea are 'weighing up a bid' for the 27-year-old. Chelsea's priority is said to be improving Thomas Tuchel's defensive unit, but the Blues boss is said to be 'acutely aware' of his need to strengthen in attack. Romelu Lukaku was Chelsea's top scorer in all competitions last season, but the club-record signing still managed just 15 goals. Kai Havertz, Mason Mount and Timo Werner were the only other players to reach double digits as Chelsea struggled to compete with the firepower of City and Liverpool. Sterling would certainly add a new dimension to Chelsea's attack and the winger would reportedly be 'attracted' by the idea of returning to London, where he grew up. But Sterling is supposedly not Chelsea's only option in attack with Ousmane Dembele, Christopher Nkunku and Robert Lewandowski also under consideration. DON'T MISS  If Chelsea choose to go after Sterling, the report adds that City will likely demand a fee in the region of £55million. With someone like Dembele available as a free agent this summer, Chelsea may well decide to spend their money elsewhere. But Sterling's impressive record in the Premier League of reaching double digits for goals scored in the Premier League in five consecutive seasons will likely play a part in discussions. Pep Guardiola acknowledged towards the end of last season that Sterling "is not happy" with his situation at City, but praised the Englishman for his record at the club. "Of course, he is not happy when he doesn’t play. That’s normal," Guardiola said. "What he has done in our time together (at Manchester City), with the numbers and statistics is amazing."