Nick Knowles was quizzed about his work on DIY SOS when he recalled reuniting one of the Queen’s ladies-in-waiting for her coronation, with the dress she wore for the momentous day. However, Saturday Kitchen viewers weren’t impressed with Nick as he claimed William Hartnell designed the Queen’s dress, confusing him with Sir Norman Hartnell. Host Matt Tebbutt commented: “It’s not just buildings is it? Because you went to Blenheim and restored a dress.” “Yeah that was amazing,” Nick replied. “One of the maids of honour from the coronation found her dress a couple of years ago in a bin bag, wrapped up in the bin bag. “It had been attacked by moths and all kinds of other things and it looked beyond repair but some amazing restorers had a go at it and we reunited her with her dress 70 years on.” Nick continued: “It was Lady Rosemary, who is the current Duke’s aunt and at that stage was 19 years old, or 18 years old, chosen by the Duke of Norfolk to be one of the people. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen “It was William Hartnell who designed the dresses and he was obsessed about the back. “He said, ‘I don’t care about the front, I only care about the back because all they’ll see is the back of you walking down the aisle.’ “So to reunite her all these years on… she said, ‘Oh my gosh this is beautiful,’ and I said, ‘You look emotional.’ “And she said, ‘Yes, you know, I think I am.’” Nick added: “She said her biggest memory of the day was people forget it was very cold and they were freezing because they were just in these dresses and not much else. “And, I said, ‘Was the Queen nervous?’ and she said, ‘Absolutely not.’ When it was time to go, she turned around and said ‘Right come on girls it’s time to go.’” Taking to Twitter to comment, Jeremy Robertson tweeted: “Interesting #DoctorWho link with the Queen’s coronation according to Nick Knowles on @SaturdayKitchen #normanhartnell.” “Nick Knowles has just said that William Hartnell designed the Queen’s Coronation dress!” Mark Sutherland added. DON'T MISS..Nick Knowles health: Star had to manage his health better after scare [INSIGHT]Nick Knowles admits 'commitment issues' get in way of relationships [LATEST]Nick Knowles emotional as 'speechless' DIY SOS guest breaks down [VIDEO] “That Norman Hartnell was brilliant as the first Doctor Who! #SaturdayKitchen,” they added alongside laughing emojis. Christopher Orr shared: “@SaturdayKitchen ha ha Nick Knowles said William Hartnell designed a dress. It's Norman Hartnell. “But I love the idea of the first Dr Who having dress designing as a side hustle.” Mark Vernon laughed: “Seems William Hartnell designed the Queen's dress for her Coronation .... Must have been extremely busy with all that acting too! #SaturdayKitchen.” Adrian English added: “Ffs he loves the sound of his own voice. Shut the fuck up Knowles! #SaturdayKitchen.” User @Bernio74 simply asked: “Fast becoming the Nick Knowles show. Does he ever stop talking? #SaturdayKitchen.” BBC fans will of course know William Hartnell was an English actor who portrayed the First Doctor Who. Saturday Kitchen airs Saturday on BBC One at 10am.