Paula Badosa has urged the British public and press to stop being “tough” on Emma Raducanu as the teenager battles injury woes ahead of her return to Wimbledon. The world No 3 has previously been open about her own mental struggles and urged for the US Open champion to be given time following her unprecedented rise last year. Raducanu is currently battling a side injury ahead of her return to Wimbledon - the latest in a string of issues and niggles the 19-year-old has battled in her first full season on the tour this year. The Bromley local is yet to go beyond the quarter-final of a tournament since becoming the first qualifier ever to win a Grand Slam at the US Open last year but Badosa has pleaded for the pressure to be taken off Raducanu’s shoulders. “I mean her situation is very tough and she already did amazing things in this sport at a very young age and I think most of the people are tough on her,” the Spaniard said, as Raducanu gears up to return to Wimbledon 12 months after making her Grand Slam debut as the 338th-ranked wildcard, where she stormed to the second week. “In the other side maybe I can understand [that] press is press but still it puts so much pressure on her and she’s a teenager still and [has] so much to learn.” The world No 3 also backed the US Open champion to eventually back up her success and claimed that her win in Flushing Meadows was proof enough of Raducanu’s ability. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios slams ball kid for putting him off during Halle Open loss  Badosa continued: “I think she needs time and she needs more experience on tour, and she will get it. But I think people has to stop putting all this pressure on her and expectation because what she did is played very, very well in one Grand Slam and she won it so you can see how good she is. “But you cannot expect her to win every match and every tournament because that is impossible so I think she needs time and she will get it because she has a lot of talent.” DON'T MISSAndrew Castle speaks out on Sue Barker's BBC exitFederer's first ever 'scouting report' on Nadal resurfaces 18 years onRoger Federer accused of being '40 times worse' by Holger Rune   Badosa is the top seed in Eastbourne this week, where Raducanu opted not to take a wildcard. The 19-year-old retired injured just 33 minutes into her only grass-court match of the season in Nottingham and in a statement shortly after, said she planned to play the Rothesay International in the week before Wimbledon.  She had until Friday to request a wildcard in the draw but changed her mind and opted not to play in Eastbourne, as it is believed her team does not want her to rush back from injury. She could play an exhibition match at the Hurlingham Club next week to get more time on the surface ahead of Wimbledon, otherwise she will go to the All England Club with just seven games played on the grass. 