  Kimberley, 40, has opened up about her “love” for Prince William and Kate Middleton as she explained how it was “nice to age with them” in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The Girls Aloud star spoke about her thoughts on the Royals as also detailed her team up with household name Wickes, which is launching an exciting programme that will see one lucky community win a prize of £10,000.      The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are both 40 years old - the same age as Kimberley - which is why the star feels such an affinity for the royal couple. Asked if she was a fan of the Royal Family, Kimberley replied: “Yeah, I love it. It’s just nice that we’ve got that, isn’t it? “I think for me, obviously William and Kate are a very similar age to me, and I think that’s quite nice to age with them. “You know, the kids are similar ages,” the BBC Morning Live presenter added. READ MORE: Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days     “We’ve done everything at a similar age and I think you start to connect more to the ones that are in your generation. “So I feel like we will grow up with them now. We’ll continue to grow together.” Kimberley met the Queen in 2012, alongside her Girls Aloud bandmates, but she also got the chance to meet her grandson briefly. “I’ve met William at some point along the way,” Kimberely confirmed. “But I’ve never met Kate.”      “I’d like to meet her,” the singer added, “She gives off a good aura, I think.” Kimberley and her husband Justin Scott share three sons: Bobby, seven, Cole, five, and one-year-old Nate. Prince William and Kate also have three children: Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven and Prince Louis, four. Apart from gushing about the Royals, Kimberley was also keen to speak about the Wickes Community Programme, which she believes will help transform a community in need. READ MORE... Brian May bids farewell to London after wrapping up tour [INSIGHT] Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air [NEWS] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen vows to wear 'inappropriate clothing' [NEWS]      The DIY enthusiast has teamed up with home improvement retailer Wickes to launch the competition, which gives one community organisation the chance to win £10,000. Wickes have launched the initiative after research has revealed half of Brits claim a renewed Community Space would improve their mental health and wellbeing. Kimberley explained why this programme is so personal to her, stating: “This competition is a brilliant opportunity. “Growing up, I would always be down in my local community hall and theatre performing,” she continued.      “And now, being a parent myself, I know how important it is to have accessible and fully functional spaces available for people of all ages to enjoy. “Ten thousand pounds will go a long way to transform a rundown or unkempt area into something remarkable, so I can’t wait to see the entries come through, as well as choosing an eventual winner.” Kimberley has joined forces with home improvement retailer Wickes to launch the Wickes Community Programme Competition, offering a community organisation the chance to win £10,000. Enter here for a chance to win for your community, the competition closes July 13th.   