Battlefield 2042 season 1 is finally launching this week, with the Zero Hour update out soon. The highly anticipated first season of Battlefield 2042 will be out on Thursday June 9 bringing with it a new map, specialist, Battle Pass and more. EA hasn't announce the release time for the big update, but judging by other releases this week the new Battlefield 2042 content could become available at 4pm UK time. That was the time that EA released the trailer for Battlefield 2042 Zero Hour, which could give fans an idea of when the Season 1 content will drop. Once EA confirms the Battlefield 2042 season 1 release time Express.co.uk will update this article. So far this week Battlefield fans have seen the first gameplay trailer for Zero Hour drop as well as finding out what to expect. If you're looking for patch notes then you can find an early preview of what's coming with Battlefield 2042 season 1 below...  ZERO HOUR OVERVIEW Unleash the unexpected. Experience a new map, a new Specialist, stealth helis, and more in Season 1: Zero Hour. NEW MAP: EXPOSURE Head to the Canadian Rockies and traverse the extreme vertical terrain of a new battlefield. EXPLORE THE EXPOSURE MAP Head to the Canadian Rockies and traverse the extreme vertical terrain. Ground-to-air combat as well as tight infantry fights await.  NEW SPECIALIST: EWELINA LIS Vehicle killer expert Lis joins the No-Pats, bringing her G-84 TGM Rocket Launcher. A true anti-vehicle expert, Ewelina Lis was born in Gdansk and got recruited into Poland's elite special force (GROM) at age 21. Committed and earnest, Lis is a defiant, honour-bound warrior who can overcome any obstacle (or blow it to pieces.) NEW HARDWARE Utilize hi-tech gear like the Ghostmaker R10 Crossbow and the BSV-M Marksman Rifle to lead your squad to victory. Pilot the RAH-68 Huron and YG-99 Hannibal stealth gunships or provide extra cover by laying down a wall of smoke using the Smoke Grenade Launcher.  ZERO HOUR BATTLE PASS Play through 100 tiers in the Season 1 Battle Pass to unlock Free and Premium content. Free tiers give access to the new Specialist (Lis), Weapons, Vehicles, Cosmetics, and more. Completing Premium tiers unlocks Skins, BFC, Player Card Backgrounds, Weapon Charms, Takedowns, and more. The Battlefield 2042 Season 1: Zero Hour Battle Pass is a way to unlock Free and Premium content including a new Specialist, weapons, vehicles, and more. The more you play, the more you will advance through the 100 tiers in the current season's Battle Pass. Any gameplay-related unlocks will be included in the Free tiers, while completing Premium tiers unlocks skins, Battlefield Currency, Player Card Backgrounds, weapon charms, takedowns, and more. Complete Missions: Earn Battle Pass Points with every mission you complete. Every ten Battle Pass Points takes you to the next tier. Unlock Rewards: The more you play, the more weapons, vehicles, cosmetics, and more you'll unlock! Upgrade to Premium: Want to unlock even more, including skins, Battlefield Currency, and more? Upgrade to Premium today! 