A weight will be lifted and moods should brighten today as Mercury in retrograde finally comes to an end. Mercury has been in this tiresome transit since March 10, and you might have been experiencing various communication issues over the past few weeks that could have been hampering spirits. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 3. Stalled plans and projects have a better chance of resuming, and answers you might have been waiting for can now arrive as the world waves goodbye to the optical illusion of Mercury retrograde. However, you might find it slightly more difficult to make sense of your emotions, as the energies that flood following these shifts can be confusing. Cafe Astrology said: “We might avoid critical decision-making for the time being. “It’s a better day to take in than to take action. It’s also a good idea not to rush conversations and observations.”  READ MORE: Monty Don shares ‘by far best approach’ when deadheading roses  The Moon will continue its transit in Leo today, which could help with confidence and optimism to aid you through the energy transition. But while the Sun’s minor square to Pluto takes place this evening, it might “stimulate or aggravate fears and any feelings we may have of being powerless or overlooked”, according to Cafe Astrology. Cafe Astrology continued: “Buried emotions and motives can surface now. “A tendency to want to control our lives through some form of manipulation is persistent with this aspect. However, it’s best to rise above this.”  These feelings might heighten over the course of the weekend as Saturn, the task maker of the zodiac, goes retrograde in cool and calm Aquarius on Saturday, June 4. Although, this isn’t something to be too afraid of, as this planet tends to spend around 4.5 months of the year in this transit - so you should be quite used to it. Allure said: “Because it's a strict planet that loves rules, the best thing about it going retrograde is a chance to re-visit our boundaries. “Whether with a family member or lover, expect to set new boundaries in the next few months.”  DON'T MISS: The Queen’s ‘must-have’ plants for every royal garden [ANALYSIS]Vitamin D levels linked to higher risk of miscarriage [EXPLAINED]B12 deficiency symptoms: Expert shares tiredness could be a sign [INSIGHT]    The Leo Moon transit tends to be more fun and easy-going, so expect tensions to lift over this period and an increased focus on creative ventures might take precedence. If you struggle with confidence or self-belief, the Leo Moon might feel like the gift that keeps on giving. The Moon School said: “This fiery Moon sign usually makes it easier to feel happy, positive, and tapped into the sunny side of life. “And this means you’re much more able to take control of situations that may, just a day or two ago, have seemed far too daunting. "Surrender to the flow and you’ll find that inspiration comes. "Passion and skill combine, and you can become the kind of person others look up to." 