Liverpool have announced the signing of Darwin Nunez, who has joined the club from Benfica. And Reds boss Jurgen Klopp has explained what he loves about the striker after persuading club chiefs to shell out an initial £64million for him.  “It’s important we all recognise we are getting a ‘work in progress’ with Darwin,” Klopp admitted after Nunez put pen-to-paper on a six-year deal at Anfield. “He recognises that himself, for sure. I love how much focus and humility he has. “Darwin is a wonderful player - already really good but so much potential to get even better. That’s why it’s so exciting, to be honest. His age, his desire, his hunger to be even better than he currently is. His belief in our project and what we are looking to do as a club. “He is as excited by us as we are by him, which makes for a great relationship, when you appreciate each other’s strengths. That is certainly the case here. He thinks we suit him and we believe he is the right fit for us – so let’s do it. READ MORE: Liverpool's third summer transfer 'close' as Reds to unveil two stars     “He has all the pieces we look for. He can set a tempo, he brings energy, he can threaten space from central and wide areas. He is aggressive and dynamic with his movement. He plays without fear, he’s powerful. I know he will excite our supporters.” Liverpool could be set to lose blockbuster forward Sadio Mane this summer, with the Senegal international being widely tipped to sign for Bayern Munich. So 22-year-old Nunez, who bagged a remarkable 34 goals in all competitions last season, could line-up alongside Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz in the Reds front three next season if he can jump above Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino in the Liverpool pecking order. DON'T MISS...Raphinha saga complicated as potential Leeds target suffers injuryArsenal told to sign ‘finished article’ striker in mould of AubameyangArsenal transfer confusion as Dusan Vlahovic explains his side of bid     But Klopp insists he isn’t expecting his new star to make an instant impact at Anfield and will instead bed him in slowly and give him time to show what he can do in a Liverpool shirt. “We have wonderful attacking options already and he becomes part of that now,” Klopp added. “So there is no pressure on him at all. He signs for a very long time and we intend to nurture his talent and see it grow. He’s the latest addition to the wonderful LFC family and I’m sure our supporters will make him feel at home from the first moment he has the Liver bird on his chest.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here