British Formula 1 star George Russell has admitted his 2022 performances since moving to Mercedes have not met his own expectations heading into the season. Russell finally moved to the Silver Arrows from Williams ahead of the new campaign and has consistently gotten the better of his seven-time world champion teammate Lewis Hamilton. Russell had to show patience before he was allowed to join Mercedes, with the octuple world champions dominating the sport since 2014. The Silver Arrows have won the constructors title each year since 2014, winning plenty of races along the way - but now they are struggling. In seven races this season, the 24-year-old has finished in the top five in each race while also securing two podiums. Russell admitted to believing he would have won his first F1 race by now during the off-season. “I think if you told me prior to the season that we'd be seven races in and I wouldn't have a victory to my name, I would have definitely been a bit disappointed with that,” Russell told Formula1.com. “But I think given the pace of the car and given where we've been as a team, I've been reasonably pleased with how I've performed. READ MORE: Red Bull think they’ve fixed Verstappen issue after 'painful lessons' Russell is confident he has ‘maximised’ his W13 car in the opening stages of the season, but also acknowledged he can still improve as he continues to adapt to his new machinery. He added: “You are constantly striving for more when you understand the car more, the tyres more. And, you know, I want to fight for this championship.” Russell is currently in P4 in the Drivers’ Championship, behind leader Max Verstappen by just 41 points following the Dutchman’s retirements in Bahrain and Australia. Russell is only behind Verstappen, Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc and other Red Bull star Sergio Perez in the title race. DON'T MISSHelmut Marko shuts down Red Bull row with Lewis Hamilton claimRicciardo responds to F1 critics amid claims McLaren may axe himFernando Alonso leads salary cap row as he claims F1 milk drivers In Baku this weekend, the Brit hopes Mercedes can overcome the resurfaced issue of porpoising which has derailed their season. The problem, which sees the cars bouncing uncontrollably, appeared to be worse than ever around Monaco last time out much to the dismay of Russell and Hamilton. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in Baku on June 12.