Napoli forward Victor Osimhen, who is said to be a target for Arsenal, has insisted that anything can happen in the transfer market between now and the start of next season. Osimhen has been heavily linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium in recent months after scoring 18 goals for Napoli in all competitions over the course of last season. The Nigerian striker is said to be among the names on Mikel Arteta's wish list, with the Spaniard looking to add to his forward line before the new campaign gets underway in early August. The Gunners reportedly saw a bid in the region of £51million rejected by Napoli earlier this month, but Osimhen is aware that his situation could change rapidly at any given moment."I always go out on the pitch to do my best both with the national team and with my club," said Osimhen, as reported by The Sun, when quizzed on his future prospects."I don’t know my future, I know anything can happen, but now I just want to go on holiday with my family, clear my head and recharge my batteries. Then we’ll take care of everything else." JUST IN: Zinedine Zidane set to crush Chelsea transfer hopes at PSG Osimhen appears to be staying true to his word, with the Napoli man bagging four goals for Nigeria against Sao Tome earlier this week in spite of the external interest in his services. He opened the scoring within 10 minutes before firing home another three after the interval as the Super Eagles cruised to their biggest victory on the international stage with ease.It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will eventually return to the table with a bigger offer for Osimhen, who remains tied down to Napoli until the summer of 2025. The Italian giants are believed to have slapped a price tag of £85m on their prized asset and will not be bullied into letting him go for a reduced sum over the coming weeks. Arsenal are believed to have plenty of other irons in the fire, though, and have been speaking to the representatives of Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus over the last few months. The Brazilian marksman is widely expected to leave the Etihad Stadium before the first ball is kicked at the start of the new campaign and is also said to be fielding interest from Tottenham and Real Madrid.The Gunners have also been tentatively linked with the likes of Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Alexander Isak and Jonathan David in recent weeks and could decide to move for any of the aforementioned trio before the summer window closes on the first day of September. They are said to be in the final stages of negotiating a new deal for Eddie Nketiah, who will be out of contract at the end of this month as things stand, but are likely to be in the market for at least one additional forward to bolster their ranks in advance of the upcoming season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here