London’s central, normally packed and hectic, train stations looked like ghost towns, as Transport for London and other operators urged customers to avoid travelling on the days of the strike. More than 40,000 transport workers from Network Rail and 13 major franchise operators across the country have taken three 24-hour walkouts in the biggest strike action taken in over three decades. Commuters left in agony told Express.co.uk how routes that normally would take 40 minutes, today took over two hours, causing them to lose business and miss out on their responsibilities and personal lives. Lee, 46, had to do joinery works at Elephant Park in South London, but he was caught in the strike chaos: “I left from New Molden at 7.30am this morning. I had to get on a bus from there to Waterloo Station, which took about an hour and 45 minutes. “And now there’s no trains in Waterloo, so I have to get another bus to Elephant Park. It’s a nightmare! This journey that would normally take 40 minutes has now taken me over two hours already.” Millie, who is 25 and works as a bridal stylist, was trapped in the travel disruptions. She told Express.co.uk that she had no appointments today despite her busy schedule, because of the strike: “I was meant to be at work at 9.45am and I am still waiting for a bus. “Normally I would get a half an hour tube on the Northern line, but it's taken me two hours and I am still here. And I’ll have to leave work earlier because of the strike too. I work in a wedding shop, but we have no appointments today because no one can get there.” READ MORE: Tube route planner: How to plan the best route around London as strikeHow to find out if train journey is affected by rail strikesWFH staff gloat as commuters face travel misery over rail strikes The same frustration was echoed by 39-year-old Rosario, who works in cybersecurity and was meant to attend a business conference in London. He told Express.co.uk how the strike is impacting his industry: “I'm not able to use the tube to get to the conference today so I’ll have to get an Uber, but a lot of people I know, haven't come into London today. “They just can't be bothered to deal with the hassle of having to get a taxi from home so they just decided to not come in and they're missing on the obligation. “A lot of my colleagues won't be actually going to the conference today, which is a shame for the vendors that have obviously spent a considerable amount of money to plan to be there. “Because obviously, if the numbers are down, then that's going to have an impact on the productivity of the vendors that have invested in the conference.” DON'T MISS: How can I get to Glastonbury? Train strikes replacementFresh easyJet horror as cabin crew set to strikeStarmer grapples with internal revolt as Labour politicians Josh, 30, who works in sales, was trying to meet his German friend at Waterloo Station after arriving from Basingstoke. He told Express.co.uk: “My friend who has just arrived from overseas is trying to get from Paddington over here and he has just realised that there are no tubes and how difficult it is to get around. “I found it really strange when I left Basingstoke this morning, which is a commuters town. It's normally quite busy. Today it looked like a ghost town. “And the train was completely empty. It was literally me and a couple on the carriage when normally I can't even get a seat. And I only came to London because I had visitors otherwise I would completely avoid it.” Holly, a 24-year-old nurse travelled to London from Devon with her family today. She told Express.co.uk: “We were supposed to be going back on the train this evening, but obviously it was cancelled in advance. “We booked to go on a coach bus instead but it was annoying because obviously, we paid quite a lot of money to go on the train and we were worried because our tickets said they were non-refundable. But because they cancelled it themselves, we managed to get a full refund.” POLL: Do you support unions in rail strikes bringing UK to a halt? Commuters arrived at some major stations in the capital today to see that they were completely closed, such as in Elephant and Castle. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers Union (RMT) held a picket line at the station this morning, and were targetted by some frustrated customers. Mel Mullings, a tube driver and RMT rep, told Express.co.uk that "the narrative that has been spun by the media is really dangerous. Not every member of staff that works for the underground is on a fair and decent wage. "We are workers, we contribute to society and pay high taxes like everybody else. We want to also keep our railway safe and make sure that we have a work-life balance that is comparable to any other sector. We've not asked for anything more than what we actually deserve. The anger should be with the government - they can do more." The strike came after a failure in negotiations between service providers and trade unions in a bitter dispute over pay, jobs and conditions. It is expected to continue on Thursday and Saturday, while negotiations are ongoing.