The Danish and Dutch royal couples attended the gala dinner in The Hague and were all smiles while posing for the cameras on the red carpet. Crown Princess Mary of Denmark wore a semi-transparent black midi dress from Temperley London. Princess Mary combined the elegant gown with a Sergio Rossi clutch bag and a pair of stylish yellow pumps. The Manolo Blahnik shoes were the 'Hangisi Yellow Satin Pumps'. Princess Mary styled her hair into a low bun and opted for a soft glam make-up look with a smokey eye. For jewellery, the Danish royal donned her yellow gold and diamond earrings by designer Ole Lynggaard Copenhagen, a gold bracelet from Rebekka Notkin Jewellery and her Cartier 'Love' bracelet in yellow gold. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes  Royal fan @birdnerd327 said: "Great look. I love having the shoes be a pop of colour. "I saw a pic of her hair from the back and it looked great too!" Another one, @vittorinodellarole, commented: "Princess Mary extraordinary beauty and elegance!" Royal watcher @luxmeagainpreloved said: "Absolutely gorgeous from head to toe.  "The Hangisi is such a beautiful classic and the colour is amazing. Crown Princess Mary has such great style and I’m so delighted about the rewear." @rachelhlhannam added: "She just oozes effortless style, serenity and beauty. Amazing!" "Beautiful, she is so stylish," @rmsgreeneyedlady commented. Queen Maxima of the Netherlands also opted for an elegant black dress. The Carolina Herrera midi gown featured a bateau neck and a black leather belt. The Dutch royal combined the dress with a Gianvito Rossi satin clutch bag and matching pumps. Queen Maxima was seen donning a stunning pearl necklace with a diamond clasp, diamond studs and her Patek Philippe watch. Royal fan @ellainthecityboston commented: "Love seeing these two dynamic women together. "Maxima looks very chic in her simple but elegant black dress. "The style really suits her and I love how she accessorised and how she wore her hair. It all works!!" Instagram user @isabelq42 added: "Wow... she looks fantastic! "Great dress and that pearl necklace is fabulous. Love her hair too. Love her!!"