The average price of homes coming to market has hit another high after what has been a record-breaking year for the property market so far. The average price of property hitting the market has risen by 0.3 percent - or £1,113 in monetary terms - to £368,614, according to the UK’s largest property portal, Rightmove. While this is the smallest monthly increase since January, it marks a fifth consecutive month of price rises. Buyer demand for property remains strong and is more than double the pre-pandemic five-year average May average. However, the property market is seeing signs of easing with this measure down by eight percent in May when compared with April. With interest rate rises and an increase in the cost of living, it’s likely that affordability is having a wider influence on the market. Potentially another hike in interest rates, more choice coming to market and seasonal variations mean there could be price falls in the months ahead. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ Rightmove has predicted that house price growth will be at around five percent by the end of the year. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s director of property science said the pace of the market is “easing a little” but demand is still “very high” compared to normal. He said: “The exceptional pace of the market is easing a little, as demand gradually softens and price rises begin to slow, which is very much to be expected given the many record-breaking numbers over the past two years. “When we look at the number of buyers contacting estate agents compared to 2019 or the pre-pandemic five-year average, demand is still very high compared to what was once considered normal. DON'T MISSHomes Under the Hammer buyer boosts property value by £75k [INSIGHT]I tried Elbow Grease’s £1 All Purpose Degreaser spray - results [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [ANALYSIS] “We’re hearing from agents that though they might have had slightly fewer enquirers for each property in recent months, they’re still seeing significant interest from multiple buyers and are achieving successful sales. “Entering the second half of the year, we anticipate some further slowdown in the pace of price rises, particularly given the worsening affordability challenges that people are facing. “We expect this to bring the annual rate of price growth down from the current 9.7 percent towards the five percent increase that Rightmove predicted at the beginning of the year.” After months of low stock, buyers now have more choice when looking for a new home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The number of properties going onto the market has increased by seven percent compared to this time last year. However, this is still down by 11 percent when compared to the same time in 2019. Those looking to buy might be in for a shock when it comes to transaction times. It is currently taking 150 days to complete a purchase on average after a sale is agreed. This is 50 days longer than at the same time in 2019.  Richard Davies, managing director of Chestertons, said: “Due to the bank holidays in early June, many Britons put their house hunt on hold which inevitably led to a slight drop in the number of viewings at that time. “On paper, this might suggest a slowing of the market but in reality it has very much been a temporary dip as for the month of June so far, we have registered an actual 42 percent increase in buyer enquiries compared to June last year. “Although demand still outstrips supply, we have noticed a higher number of sellers putting their properties up for sale. “As a result, there has been a three percent increase in the number of available properties to buy.”