Gemma Atkinson, 37, is happily engaged to Strictly Come Dancing professional Gorka Marquez, 31, after meeting on the show in 2017. The couple share one daughter, however, this has not proved the couple's love to some social media users who have criticised Gemma, claiming she only exercises to "keep" her fiance. Gemma regularly keeps her 1.8 million Instagram followers updated on her daily routines, which include exercising and caring for her daughter Mia. Two days ago she posted a workout video, but in the comment section was met with criticism discussing her relationship. One read: "Her bloke will cheat on her if she stops training!" READ MORE: 'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny A second added: "Love it... but is all this to keep Gorka?" She was also told by one social media user that she was "starting to look too muscly". Gemma couldn't ignore the comments and took to her Instagram story to share a screenshot of the messages along with a statement. She penned: "We seem to have gone back a few decades. "Note to anyone starting out with a training/health regime. Doing it for anyone but yourself is a set up for failure. "Do it for YOU! YOU deserve to feel YOUR best. Shut out the noise and crack on." Last week the Hollyoaks actress took to Instagram to share a video compilation of herself exercising at her home gym. She captioned the video: "Never easy, but always worth it! Snippets from today's lower body session. DON'T MISS... 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [OPINION] Ruth Langsford’s friends rally around her as she shares grief for dad [INSIGHT] John McEnroe on Emma Raducanu's chances at Wimbledon [COMMENT] "Lighter than usual as I have a little knee niggle at the minute so I adapted to what was comfortable and safe and cracked on. "Ps. How adorable is little Norman watching." Gorka took to the comment to compliment his fiance, adding: "Don’t know why but I can't stop looking at your [peach emoji]." This comes only mere weeks after Gorka was forced to pull out of the upcoming Strictly tour due to a serious injury. The dancer told fans that he was suffering from a flare-up, leaving him struggling to walk. Taking to Instagram, he said: "I am so sad to announce that, following medical advice, I have to withdraw from the 'Strictly Presents' tour. "During the 'Strictly Professionals' tour I suffered an injury that, with treatment and care, let me carry on through the last few weeks of the tour. "Unfortunately last week I had a flare up of my injury causing me a lot of pain and problems, even walking. Following the advice from doctors and physios, I have had to stop my involvement in this new tour. "Now it is time to rest and rehab so I can be ready for Strictly 2022. All the love and keep dancing!!!!"