Chelsea have struggled up top with the failures of Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku over the past two seasons. The Belgian especially has had a tough start to life in west London and only scored eight goals in the Premier League last season - yet that could be resolved with the signing of former Inter Milan team-mate Lautaro Martinez. The duo played together in Milan and Lukaku enjoyed a fruitful spell at Inter as he notched up 47 league goals in just 72 games for the Nerazzurri. His role in a front two alongside Martinez under Antonio Conte brought out the best in him and the Serie A giants won the league for the first time in 11 years. Lukaku has struggled so far at Chelsea this season in a single-striker formation, unable to rely on the pace and movement of his former team-mate to create the space for him to bully defenders and score goals. Chelsea could utilise Lukaku better in a two-up-top system. Thomas Tuchel could sign Martinez, in whom Chelsea have interest, to reunite the pair and invigorate a Premier League title charge. Transfermarkt say the Argentine is valued at around £63million. Inter are said to be considering a loan move to bring Lukaku back to the San Siro but if Chelsea wanted to pair Lukaku and Martinez together they could still offer players such as Werner, Hakim Ziyech or Ross Barkley to Simone Inzaghi's men if they were wanted to bring the transfer fee down, although none of these would come close to matching Martinez's fee in a straight swap. In the two seasons the duo spent together at the San Siro, they notched up an incredible 78 league goals between them, showing a complete understanding and they were arguably Europe's greatest strike force. And by bringing in a team-mate he is already compatible with, there might be no real reason to sell Lukaku despite his poor first campaign back at the club. The Belgian spoke out about how he wished he had left Inter Milan on better terms than he did in last summer's transfer window. Lukaku said in December: "I think the boss has decided to play a different formation but I have to stick at it and get on with it professionally. I'm not happy with the situation but it's my job and I mustn't give up. "The way I left Inter and the way I communicated with the Inter fans, I'm annoyed about that because it's not the right time now but it wasn't the right time when I left either. I always said that I love Inter and I'll play for them again. I really hope so. I fell in love with Italy.” But perhaps bringing Martinez to Chelsea could help Lukaku fall in love with London and the Blues. And Chelsea would be all the better for having both Lukaku and Martinez fully firing up front.