Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) and her father John (Kevin Costner) were left in a complicated place by the end of Yellowstone’s sensational fourth season. With the cast of the hit Paramount Network drama currently filming the next outing in Montana, Kelly has opened up more about her relationship with the Hollywood legend behind the scenes. Kelly revealed she and Kevin look out for each other during their heavy dialogue scenes as the Dutton father-daughter pair. “We take care of one another,” the English actress revealed. “That’s the thing I feel most.” The end of season four saw the Dutton family more divided than ever after the ranch came under fire from local animal rights activists. Beth was furious to discover her father had taken up with protestor Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo), and personally ensured she was out of their lives for good. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting However, when John realised it was her own daughter who sold out his new girlfriend to the police, he furiously threatened to kick her out of the family home. Thankfully, the atmosphere on set was far less tense than some of the brutal rows in the Dutton household would have fans believe. Kelly told Good Morning America: “I feel like [Kevin] takes care of me. “We’re players in a team, like, we’re on the same side.” The show’s millions of worldwide fans will unfortunately have to wait until November to find out if Beth and John can piece back the shattered remains of their relationship after their fight. Despite the wait, Beth will undoubtedly be the same unstoppable force when Kelly and the rest of the cast return to screens in the winter. “She’s unmanageable,” Kevin added. “She’s just really unmanageable and everyone wants to be Beth.” To which Kelly retorted: “I’m glad you made the distinction that Beth is unmanageable!” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things’ Vecna star ‘full of hatred and fury’ on set [INSIGHT]Surviving Summer season 2: Sky Katz explains series’ cliffhanger [EXCLUSIVE]Better Call Saul season 6 boss defends Gene Takovic absence [INTERVIEW] “Oh, I’m not the only one that’s made that distinction,” her co-star replied. “The whole world goes, ‘She’s unmanageable’.” Kelly also provided some insight into how she prepares for her performance as one of television’s most vicious and silver-tongued characters in recent memory. “Hike my skirt up, drive a bit fast, light a cigarette and just go for it!” she joked. “It’s a thrill ride, I mean, she’s an animal. I feel very blessed that I have such a challenging, dynamic, incredibly alive character with these wonderful lines.” Viewers originally had concerns Kelly may not be back for season four after Beth was targeted as part of a horrific series of attacks against the Dutton family. Thankfully, she made it out alive, albeit with some severe burns and injuries, and continued to cause havoc for the ranch’s enemies in season four. Her reign of terror is expected to continue when Yellowstone returns to screens in November after she ensnared her brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) with an ingenious blackmail scheme. She’ll also prove more valuable to the ranch’s sanctity than ever after Market Equities’ Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) declared war on the Duttons, so Beth may have to patch things up with her father to keep the family safe after all. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on Sunday, November 13. Seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA now. Yellowstone seasons 1-3 will be available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK when the service launches later this year.