Someone whose help you had been counting on will call you to say they won’t be able to make it. You won’t believe their excuse, but you will be happy that this gives you more time to pursue your goals in your own way without anyone else’s interference. If they don’t like what you do, then they should have been around to help you. You have put a lot of hard work into laying the foundations of a group project. It will be disappointing when someone in charge decides to pull out. You don’t intend to let all the effort you’ve already put into this go to waste and if this means stepping into their shoes, you will do so. A friend will finally own up to why they have been moody and uncooperative recently. They feel as if their kindness is being taken for granted. You will be surprised by this revelation when you have always seen your relationship as an equal one of give and take.  Long term matters are brought to your attention when news concerning your career or other future concerns will mean you have an important decision to make. Some issues will relate to a loved one more directly than you, but they will expect you to share your views and feelings. Just because you find yourself with some spare cash in your pocket, don’t be in a rush to spend it. Something will arise later in the month that will make you grateful you have been able to put some money aside for this. You’ve always been a private person and that’s why you will refuse to give a gossipy neighbour the information they are asking for. It doesn’t matter whether it concerns you, someone you care for or a friend; you have no intention of feeding the gossip.  News about a work or financial matter will not be quite what you had hoped for or expected. Before getting too disappointed, get in touch with those who are behind this decision. There could be room for negotiation. Be prepared to fight for what you believe is yours. A message received from a distant friend will perplex you. This could be someone you met briefly some years ago and you may not have remembered sharing contact details. Beware of any hidden motives behind communications. Reply with caution. Romance takes on a new direction. A legal document will be signed and you stand to benefit in some way from these proceedings. It won’t be easy to get an older relative to see your point of view even though you can understand where they are coming from and you are doing your best to be reasonable with them.  You want to get results and you want to be able to put some jobs well and truly behind you. The main hazard facing you because of this is the likelihood of you taking on more than you can handle. There are other people who could be doing some of the work. Delegate. You’re in need of some solitude and you feel this most strongly because it will seem as if people can’t leave you alone for a moment without needing you for one reason or another. Normally you would be glad to help out, but today you just want to be on your own. You’re being strongly influenced by feelings and emotions but in some matters, it should be your head that rules and not your heart. Keep emotions out of it when making practical decisions. Efforts you have been recently making to strengthen a close relationship have been well worth it. 