Arsenal are considering the signing of Real Madrid winger Marco Asensio at all costs. The Spaniard is set to enter the final year of his current deal at Santiago Bernabeu and has admitted there are “three possibilities” regarding his future. Asensio who has been at the club since 2014, has been offered the option to renew his contract with Los Blancos, but that would see him continue to earn the same salary – an element that could potentially complicate his stay. According to Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo, Asensio’s agent Jorge Mendes will meet up with the club's officials to discuss his future. The winger’s current situation at the club has alarmed the Gunners as Mikel Arteta continues rebuilding his squad this summer. But they are said to not be alone in keeping tabs with the player – Manchester United and Liverpool are also keen on the £35m valued man. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has five defenders on transfer shortlist Out of the three Premier League clubs, the Gunners are the one to regard him as their “great objective” this summer transfer window. The Spanish boss is keen on having a fellow compatriot at the Emirates and has made his wishes clear to the board, ensuring the club “go all out” to secure his services.    DON'T MISS Tottenham 'trying' to hijack Gabriel Jesus bid as Arsenal 'hold talks' Arsenal told to buy alternative Prem star despite Gabriel Jesus belief Arteta told he has already made Arsenal 'statement' before Jesus deal  While he is yet to make a decision on his future, he is not short of options - though reports suggest he’s willing to stay put for the right amount of money. The 26-year-old made the £3m switch to Madrid at 18 from Mallorca, where he progressed through the ranks before his big move to the capital. Madrid boss, Carlo Ancelotti previously said of Asensio: “I’m lucky to coach a team with a lot of quality and players who learn quickly. Asensio played very well. We knew that he could do a lot of damage. He’s a very good shot taker and he combines very well. He has performed very well and over the next week hopefully, he can score another three goals as well.”  