Mr Lynch discussed asking National Rail to withdraw a letter stating that threatened over 2,000 redundancies for rail staff. LBC host Nick Ferrari challenged the RMT chief after National Rail's own negotiator Tim Shoveller claimed the unions walked out of their meeting on Thursday. Mr Lynch hit back at the claims, insisting that unions did not quit the negotiations but instead adjourned the negotiations. The ongoing rail strikes have been impacting Britons this week, due to the closure of rail transport services, many people have been struggling to find other options of public transport in order to get to their intended destinations.  Mr Ferrari said: "In the previous hour I had the privilege of speaking with Tim Shoveller who made the claim that you and your colleagues left talks yesterday at around twelve-thirty. "Prior to Network Rail being able to offer you and your colleagues a new deal, if that is correct why did you take that action? Good morning." Mr Lynch told the broadcaster: "Well Nick, we have to consult with our union colleagues, and we have to get a mandate sorted out. "So we are in continuous discussions with Tim Shoveller and his team, in fact, I'll be going to meet him immediately after this interview. "And we've got another set of negotiations going on at the same time with train operating companies, so we've got to coordinate that between us. "And what we ask the company to do yesterday, was withdraw a letter stating that they would make these redundancies that we've been discussing, which is obviously at the heart of this dispute. JUST IN: Horror as British couple thrown off Air Canada flight for NO REASON     Mr Lynch said: "So they proposed 2,900 redundancies to us, and we've said to them we want to mitigate that, and we need a guarantee of no compulsory redundancies. "So we can move the negotiations forward in total which also means the discussions they want on technology, new working practices, and other adaptations they want that everybody's heard about. "And then we need to move on to the pay question that we've got, so it's a very complex situation, there are sixteen different companies in this issue and we have to coordinate our responses to those across the union. "So from time to time, that means we need to take an adjournment, so we didn't walk out we had an adjournment and we met them again later, there were also two other trade unions at that meeting as well."  READ MORE: Russia’s ‘disinformation campaign’ blames West for food crisis with as it blocks grain     Mr Lynch has been asking to also meet with Secretary of Transport Grant Shapps, but his efforts have been unsuccessful. Government ministers have said they will implement a new law that will allow agency workers to break the strikes. Many Britons have been impacted by the strikes due to the amount of disruption they have caused. Seeking other means of transport has been hardest for those living in rural areas of the country that do not have the best travel options, such as regular busses.   Mr Shapps has responded to the multiple RMT claims that he refused to allow Network Rail "to withdraw their letter threatening redundancy for 2,900 of our members." The Transport Secretary claimed that it was a "total lie" and that he has had "absolutely nothing" to do with any letter. He added:  "I understand that the letter makes no mention of 2,900 redundancies, but I do know it confirmed Network Rail would be introducing desperately needed reforms for the industry after the union chose strike action instead of further talks. "The RMT continues to deflect from the fact that the only people responsible for the massive public disruption this week is them. "I want to urge Mick Lynch and his members to stop wasting time making false claims in the media and instead return to the negotiating table so an agreement can be reached.” READ NEXT Prince Charles and Camilla ‘visibly moved’ as they visit genocide victims in RwandaNewsnight: Emily Thornberry slams Government as acting 'drunk' in ECHR debate'Reinforce UK tradition of liberty' Raab defends plans to override European Court rulingsPutin 'desperately trying to convey strength' with 'sense of swagger' in new appearanceWashington warns unilateral action on hated Brexit deal 'not conducive' to UK-US talks