Russian ammunition stockpiles of weapons and equipment went up in flames after a Ukrainian artillery ambush yesterday. The attack, captured on video and shared by the Ukrainian Armed Forces, saw the 59th Motorized Brigade "hit Russian invaders with indirect fire". Video of the aerial bombardment saw a series of massive explosions along a road in Mykolaiv, in south-eastern Ukraine. The artillery fire obliterated the ammunition stockpiles along with Kamaz resupply transport trucks The General Staff of the Armed Force captioned the video of the attack: "Ukrainian artillery continues to methodically destroy the enemy. Combat work of the 59th separate motorized infantry brigade named after Yakov Gandziuk." This latest onslaught comes as the UK defence ministry's intelligence briefing suggests surprise Ukraine counterattacks have blunted Russian momentum. Last week, it was thought that Russia had gained the upper hand in its focused invasion of the Donbas region. JUST IN: Ukraine LIVE: Russia to launch Satan-2 missile after airstrikes 'fail'  However, Britain’s Ministry of Defence says Ukraine has counterattacked in the contested city of Sievierodonetsk in eastern Ukraine, “blunting the operational momentum Russian forces previously gained through concentrating combat units and firepower”. The intelligence report backs up claims by Ukrainian officials on Saturday that their forces had recaptured parts of the city. Serhiy Haidai, governor of the Luhansk region, said Ukraine had seized back control of parts of Sievierodonetsk, and control was now split in half between Ukrainian and Russian forces. Mr Haidai told Ukraine TV: "It had been a difficult situation, the Russians controlled 70 percent of the city, but over the past two days they have been pushed back.  “The city is now, more or less, divided in half.” He added: "As soon as we have enough Western long-range weapons, we will push their artillery away from our positions. "And then, believe me, the Russian infantry, they will just run." DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Russia to launch Satan-2 missile after airstrikes 'fail' [LIVE BLOG]Levin claims Harry and Meghan 'absolutely furious' at Jubilee seating [INTERVIEW]GB News panellist slams Meghan-bashing for going too far [REACTION]  Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky said the situation in the besieged city remained "extremely difficult" with fighting being waged street by street. On Sunday morning, a series of explosions rocked Ukraine's capital Kyiv in the first Russian attack on the city in weeks. Mayor Vitali Klitschko said on Telegram: “Several explosions in Darnytskyi and Dniprovskyi districts of the capital." Columns of black smoke could be seen above the city skyline as emergency services tackled the aftermath. The blast took residents by surprise since Russian forces had concentrated nearly all of their recent attacks in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine. 