Last week, the US Supreme Court overturned the Roe v Wade law, which meant that abortion was made illegal in 26 conservative states. Yesterday, Conservative MP Danny Kruger claimed that he does not believe women have “an absolute right to bodily autonomy”. The Secretary of State minister Ben Wallace joined Susanna Reid and Adil Ray to discuss the comments, which ended in a heated debate, with Wallace assuring that his colleague's view was a singular one. Discussing the overturning of Roe v Wade and the comments that Danny made, Wallace commented: "I definitely take the view that it is a woman's body, her body, and it is..." However, Ray interrupted and claimed: "Not so long ago, Conservatives were saying there is no room for religion in politics when it came to the Archbishop. "Now the defence for your fellow Conservative MP's, well, he is religious..." Wallace clapped back: "Can I just say I think it is really cheap to try and link one MP's views to the broader view of a political party." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret   Raising his voice to be heard, Ray added: "He was an elected MP! He had a voice and a platform." "There are plenty of people on the Labour, the Lib Dem and the SNP benches who hold deeply held views on abortion doesn't make it the parties policy on that," Wallace confirmed. "You sort of trying to infer this backbench colleague is a Conservative MP, the Conservative Party now doesn't believe women have freedom over the body, but it is complete hogwash!" Wallace fumed. Clarifying what he was trying to say, Ray added: "I didn't suggest for one minute that it was a Conservative Party policy.  "I asked you to respond to your fellow MP's comments yesterday in the Houses of Parliament." Wallace clapped back: "Well, I don't agree with him, there we go. I don't agree with him." Back in 1969, a 25-year-old single woman, Norma McCorvey, using the pseudonym "Jane Roe", challenged the criminal abortion laws in Texas. After two women were denied an abortion, and with a seven to two vote, the court justices ruled that governments lacked the power to prohibit abortions. They judged that a woman's right to terminate her pregnancy was protected by the US constitution. DON'T MISS...Adil Ray slams Sturgeon for calling ‘another’ referendum [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid skewers Sturgeon over independence  [LATEST]Dr Hilary pays emotional tribute to friend Deborah James [MORE] Now the Supreme Court has ruled in favour of Mississippi's ban on abortions after 15 weeks, giving individual states the ability to ban the procedure again. During a debate in the House of Commons on Tuesday, Mr Kruger said: "They think that women have an absolute right to bodily autonomy in this matter. "Whereas I think in the case of abortion that right is qualified by the fact that another body is involved." Other MPs tried to challenge his comments, but he continued: "I would offer to members who are trying to talk me down that this is a proper topic for political debate… my point to the frontbench is I don’t understand why we are lecturing the United States on a judgment to return the power of decision over this political question to the states, to democratic decision-makers, rather than leaving it in the hands of the courts." Many were outraged and appalled by the news of the overruling, with Prime Minister Boris Johnson describing the events as a "big step backwards". "I’ve got to tell you, I think it’s a big step backwards. I’ve always believed in a woman’s right to choose, and I stick to that view, and that’s why the UK has the laws that it does." He acknowledged that he was stepping outside prime ministers’ normal practice of avoiding commenting on the internal affairs of friendly countries. “This is not our court, it’s another jurisdiction, but clearly, it has massive impacts on people’s thinking around the world. It’s a very important decision.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.