Location, Location, Location host Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has taken to Twitter to share news about an unfortunate incident in which the star said she had accidentally swallowed an AirPod while trying to take her vitamins. She sent the post out in full view of her 428,000 followers. The star said she was fortunately able to dodge a hospital visit by throwing up the AirPod, but that she was now suffering from a sore throat as a result. She candidly tweeted: “In other news I just swallowed an AirPod while downing my vitamins, I don’t recommend it. "I’ve managed to chuck it back up without having to go to hospital, but my throat is really quite sore. “ The presenter’s Twitter followers rushed to the comments to share their thoughts on the bizarre mishap. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon worries fans with silence as Joe seen with blonde babe @Stopityoun*b wrote in response: “How on earth," alongside a laughing emoji. Kirstie responded, writing: “AirPods in pocket, put vitamins in pocket while getting glass of water, chucked vitamins into mouth, gulped water, go for second lot, see one AirPod in hand, check pocket, check handbag. “Realise there’s only one place it could be.” @Gawanorinon joked: “Now I don’t feel so bad about leaving my Air Pods in the pockets of my shorts and putting them in the washing machine…” @DMCGooner also quipped: “Well you know what they say an apple a day keeps the doctor away.” @j30Moo said: “Whoa that’s bonkers.. hope you & it ok?? X” @GodsmanTracy wrote: “I’m sorry but that’s just made me laugh so much! Hope yr ok!” It comes after Kirstie took to Twitter on Saturday in response to the overturning of Roe vs. Wade. DONT MISS: Piers Morgan fiercely defends Paul McCartney over Glastonbury backlash (PHOTOS)Deborah James ‘proud’ after 'incredible' bowel cancer campaign update (NEWS)Geri Horner and Christian fly to Glastonbury for extravagant date (LATEST) The overturned law set back women’s abortion rights in many US states. Kirstie took to Twitter to hit out at men who were seen celebrating after the law was overturned. The star, who is pro-choice, called out the men who were cheering online in the wake of the Supreme Court’s decision. In view of her Twitter followers, Kirstie wrote: “The number of men dancing around on Twitter thrilled by the reversal of Roe versus Wade makes me want to vomit. “Please pipe down, you are NEVER going to have to make this choice.” Kirstie was not the only high-profile face to speak out on the issue, with plenty of celebrities weighing in on the debate. Billie Eillish said during her Glastonbury gig: “Today is a really, really dark day for women in the US. I’m just going to say that as I cannot bear to think about it any longer at this moment.” Taylor Swift tweeted: “I’m absolutely terrified that this is where we are - that after so many decades of people fighting for women’s rights to their own bodies, today’s decision has stripped us of that.”