Fans of The Midwich Cuckoos novel have seen the story transformed into a sci-fi movie but have yet to experience the plot on the small screen. The drama will play out in eight hour-long episodes, airing on Sky Max and its streaming service NOW. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Midwich Cuckoos. Dr Susannah Zellaby is the town's psychotherapist who tries to help the women of Midwich come to terms with falling pregnant following a mysterious blackout. She is portrayed by actress Keeley Hawes who was writer David Farr's first choice when it came to casting. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Farr explained: "We picked her because she's probably the best television actress in Britain, that's the first thing. "And certainly in terms of her ability to hold a leading role "What was really exciting was that me and Alice [Troughton, director] wanted a little bit of glamour in her and at the same time, she has to get very emotionally messy as the drama goes on. "There are not that many actresses, even in the world, who can do both of those things and she can." READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change Actress Hawes has starred in a number of popular television series throughout her flourishing career so far. These have included Spooks, Line of Duty, Bodyguard, Upstairs, Downstairs, The Missing, Traitors, The Durrells and It's A Sin. Hawes' latest role was in the ITV drama Finding Alice, where her titular character was coming to terms with the loss of her husband of 20 years. Going by her IMDb page, Hawes has got two other series in the pipeline which are entitled Crossfire and Stonehouse. DCI Paul Kirby is the local police officer in Midwich who is working alongside government officials in order to co-ordinate a response to what is happening in their once peaceful town. Actor Max Beesley has been in Survivors, Mad Dogs, Homeland, Suits, The Last Enemy, Ordinary Lies and Jamestown, just to name a few. Farr commented: "For me, I talk about the priest as Keeley and the sheriff of the town, which is iconically what they are. "She looks after the flock and the sheriff is the protector. "I did want a bit of old-fashioned Northern alpha male but precisely because he doesn't do that in the thing, terrible things happen to him. "But he doesn't get to be that old-fashioned thing until very later on but I wanted someone who you knew had it in them, even if you didn't see it for absolutely ages. Max [Beesley] has got that, he's got it for free, as we say." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Nicola King for affair as lies unravel [THEORY]The Midwich Cuckoos: Where was the Sky drama filmed? [LOCATION]What is The Last Kingdom star Eliza Butterworth's next role? [CAST] Susannah also has a personal connection to what's happening with the town through her daughter. Cassie is one of the many women who suddenly become pregnant and hopes the child will give her a purpose in life. Actress Synnøve Karlsen is best known for playing Clarice Orsini in the historical drama Medici, as well as Holly McStay in the BBC thriller Clique. She was also Jocasta in the 2021 psychological horror movie Last Night in Soho. Deborah is the wife of DCI Paul Haynes who was already pregnant when the event happened but he is unable to get hold of her at home. Actress Jade Harrison is known for starring in The Stranger, The Capture and Back to Life. Other cast members include: Sam Clyde - Ukweli Roach Jodie Blake - Lara Rossi Nora Randall - India Amarteifio Stewart McLean - Mark Dexter The Midwich Cuckoos will premiere on Thursday, June 2, at 9pm on Sky Max and streaming service NOW.