Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy has warned Naby Keita that despite Jurgen Klopp’s belief in him, he could be let go on a free if he “doesn’t produce the form” he is capable of. The 27-year-old joined Liverpool in 2018 when he took icon Steven Gerrard’s former shirt number, but has struggled to claim a starting place in the Reds midfield and Klopp has often preferred the trio of Jordan Henderson, Thiago and Fabinho instead. Murphy does not believe that Klopp will sanction a sale of Keita this summer, but warns that the coming season could be a defining one for him. “It’s a bit of a conundrum that one," Murphy told BeMyBet. “I think he’s probably the signing that hasn’t exceeded expectations. He’s been a little bit underwhelming. "He’s had some terrific games and he’s shown some good quality. He understands the role, or he’s understanding the role more and more, in Klopp’s side and he’s played him in some big games. "There is definitely some trust there and I think Klopp believes there’s more to come from him. I don’t think he’ll be leaving. I know there are some supporters that would be happy to move him on and bring somebody else in. JUST IN: Arsenal chief Edu may have secret weapon to beat Tottenham to £65m ace "But I think that the problem they would have at the moment, is that they wouldn’t recoup the money that they spent on him. I think this is a big season for him. I think this has to be his most productive and most consistent season as a Liverpool player. "I think if we are talking this time next year and he’s still been a little bit in and out, not really produced the form that he’s capable of, then I think he probably will move on. But I think Klopp believes in him. I think he wants him to do well. As long as he stays fit, I think we’ll see him play more and more this season."  Keita made just 14 Premier League starts last season, but that was the highest number of starting appearances since his debut season in England and he does have just one year left on his contract at Anfield. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that Liverpool are in talks to extend Keita’s contract, which expires in the summer of 2023, possibly in an attempt to protect the player’s value as they will not want to lose a player they spent over £50million on in 2018 for free. In March Klopp discussed Keita’s contract expiring at the end of next season. "Naby’s future will be great,” the German coach said. “He's an amazing player. All the rest, I understand really that these questions about contracts are constantly happening but the club is in talks with all the agents of all the people."