Aaron (played by Matt Wilson) has been trying to raise his daughter Isla alongside husband David (Takaya Honda) in recent months on Neighbours, despite the latter being under police investigation for letting villain Gareth Bateman (Jack Pearson) die. The family have been trying to act as normal as possible, with the two fathers and their child going on holiday together in recent scenes on the Channel 5 soap. However, their break away from Ramsay Street has some huge consequences and it seems life might never be the same again for the beloved couple. The drama continues in next week's episodes after David accidentally missed a bail check-in, leading the courts to rule he gets held in remand at a maximum-security prison. Deemed a flight risk, the courts decide this is where the medical professional will stay until he is sentenced in the coming weeks. Having never been in this situation before, the father of one is sceptical about how he is going to make it through his situation. When David meets a fellow prisoner, his fears are confirmed when they make a threat against his safety living behind bars. His loved ones back on Ramsay Street are terrified for the doctor as they realise his future isn't looking too bright. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney With the prospect of losing his husband becoming too much, Aaron could find comfort in the arms of newcomer, Byron Stone (Joe Klocek). The heartthrob is the son of Jane Harris (Annie Jones) who makes his first appearance later this week as he gives Aaron quite the surprise. Although at first, it will seem as if there is no romance between the pair, Byron's secret could see them getting closer. After arriving on Ramsay Street, the handsome newcomer will start work at Rebecchi Law and his mother is pleased to see him settling in ok. However, what she doesn't realise is her son has another form of income from another job he likes to keep on the down low. Byron first arouses suspicion when he makes an excuse to get out of a meeting at the law firm run by Toadie Rebecchi (Ryan Maloney). Armed with some paperwork, he explains he is going to head off and meet a mystery client, with no one realising he is a gigolo. He thinks he will be able to juggle both jobs but he finds it extremely hard to keep on top of his extracurricular activities. This means it won't be too long before someone finds out he is a prostitute but one of the first people to find this secret out could be Aaron. Needing some company as David seems to be shutting him out from prison, he could make contact with a gigolo service. DON'T MISS...Neighbours' Alan Fletcher responds to health concerns [COMMENT]Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT] The person who ends up taking his request could be Byron and both characters could be shocked to know they are going to have sex. Although they know each other, this might not stop them as for Byron, this would just be another job and for Aaron, this would be a distraction from what's happening. However, as this becomes more regular, the characters could end up getting a lot closer and find they are struggling to keep their hands off each other. As one thing leads to another, Byron could state he no longer cares about the money as he has fallen for his customer. Aaron could feel the same but where will this leave his relationship with David and could this be the end for the beloved couple? Speaking about the future for his character earlier this year, the actor who plays David, Takaya, hinted an affair storyline could be on the cards. The soap star said: "I don't think anyone would predict what is coming. "The audience, like David, are going to be really challenged by what unfolds," he said in an interview with Inside Soap. Takaya also addressed what it's like to work with his co-star and the actor who plays Aaron, Matt, to convey the couple's relationship. He said: "Matty and I work very hard to create a relationship as sold as Daaron's is, and we are very thankful that the couple has been left to approach situations together." "David and Aaron don't always agree, but their love for each other is never questioned," the soap star continued to explain. "I think that is a really positive thing to be putting out into the world," he added but will the couple be destroyed by the arrival of Byron? The newcomer has been mentioned several times over the years, with Jane holding a special place in her heart for her son. How will she react if she discovers her son has been working as a gigolo and will she accept this romance with Aaron? Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.