Many pension savers will have put aside money for years in order to reap the rewards of their diligent saving later down the line. As such, a devastating outcome is additional tax payments, which individuals will be keen to avoid. Even if a person has retired, they are not out of the woods when it comes to potential tax implications for their pension. This is particularly the case when it relates to a specific tax rule. At the age of 75, Britons can expect to be confronted with a key test. It is at this age that pensioners reach the cut off point for the Lifetime Allowance. READ MORE: TV licence fee plans could see property-rich pensioners 'pay more' The Lifetime Allowance limits the amount someone can save in a pension without facing a substantial tax charge, and is currently set at £1,073,100. Exceeding the Lifetime Allowance means the penalty will apply, and checks are undertaken to make sure. When taking a pension, its value is compared against a person’s remaining Lifetime Allowance to see if there is any tax to pay. Individuals can usually work this out for themselves by adding up the expected value of their pensions. DON'T MISSDWP update as £326 cost of living payment date confirmed [UPDATE]'Think twice!' Pension savers risk damaging retirement by £15,000 [INSIGHT]WASPI women welcome new boost in ongoing fight for compensation [LATEST] If there is an insufficient Lifetime Allowance, then a charge of 25 percent is levied on the excess. However, it is worth noting a rule which could help Britons to reduce their Lifetime Allowance charge. Commonly known as the “small pots” rule, it applies to pensions worth less than £10,000. There are a variety of reasons why a person could end up with one or more small pension pots. For example, a workplace pension for a company where a person only spent a short time is likely to be worth less than £10,000. READ MORE: Pension Vs ISA: The 'more effective' savings vehicle Under pension arrangements which are contract based, individuals can take up to three pension pots as a small pot lump sum, as long as these are less than £10,000 in value. According to Prudential, small pot payments do not use or require people to have any available lifetime allowance. By definition, therefore, they do not use up any Lifetime Allowance. This action, therefore, could help Britons to reduce the tax charge which may become due at some point in their retirement. However, an expert has warned individuals should be careful when it comes to the value of a pension pot. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Kate Smith, Head of Pensions at Aegon, said: “The small pots rules is one of those little known pension tax rules which can be useful for those people whose pension benefits may exceed the lifetime allowance. “One thing to be careful of, is that the value of your small pension pot doesn’t exceed the £10,000 threshold at the date you actually access it. “If the value increases above £10,000, even by a penny, you will lose this option, and the benefits will be tested against the lifetime allowance, potentially leading to an additional tax charge. “A small pension pot doesn’t have to be taken before age 75. But if you’re trying to avoid a lifetime allowance charge at age 75 you may want to take any small posts from your unused funds before your 75th birthday. “Otherwise, the value of those unused funds will be included in the age 75 lifetime allowance test, and could lead to an additional tax charge, if the total value of your benefits exceed the lifetime allowance.” Individuals are generally encouraged to seek the assistance of a financial adviser, as these people are likely to be able to provide tailored support to suit different circumstances.