Newcastle’s Saudi owners are reportedly targeting Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Southampton midfielder James Ward-Prowse after missing out on Benfica ace Darwin Nunez. Nunez looks set to join Liverpool this summer after a stellar campaign in Portugal. Newcastle became the richest club in the world last autumn after they were taken over by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium. And after appointing Eddie Howe as the club’s new boss, the Magpies enjoyed a remarkable run of form throughout the second half of last season as they climbed from 20th to 11th in the Premier League table. In January, the north east club shelled out a staggering £91million as they brought in Kieran Trippier, Chris Wood, Bruno Guimaraes, Dan Burn and Matt Targett. And, according to the Independent, they are ready to splash the cash once again on Calvert-Lewin and Ward-Prowse. The Magpies’ winter signings all played a key role in helping the club turn their season around. And the arrival of two more Premier League stars could help Howe’s side kick on once again when the new campaign gets underway at the start of August. READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear Despite enduring a difficult season last time around amid injury problems, Calvert-Lewin is regarded as one of the best English strikers in the Premier League and has scored four goals in 11 appearances for his country. The season before last, the 25-year-old scored 16 Premier League goals and was part of the Three Lions squad that reached the Euro 2020 final. But the ace has been tipped to call time on his Everton career. And a move to St James’ Park could be exactly what he needs to rediscover his mojo and get firing again. Ward-Prowse, meanwhile, has become a star player for Southampton in recent years and notched 10 Premier League goals last time out. The 27-year-old has become known as a set-piece specialist and could chalk up plenty of goals and assists in the north east if Newcastle can prise him away from St Mary’s Stadium. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Kalvin Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interestLeeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signingMan Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer  The Magpies have ambitions to eventually compete with the best teams in England and Europe. And club chiefs are well aware they will need to build a squad that has the talent and hunger to take the club to the next level. But Nunez won’t play any part in that journey. Newcastle were reportedly happy to stump up the cash for the 22-year-old to secure his signature. But the pull of Liverpool appears to have proved too tempting for the player. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 