The building society announced today that it is launching two new products for its customers on Thursday, June 16. These are the Member Online Bond and the Start to Save account. The Member Online Bond is a “competitive” fixed-rate Bond for members that will pay an interest of 2.5 percent. Interest on the Member Online Bond will be paid annually on the anniversary of the account opening. Customers will be able to open and manage the Member Online Bond using their internet bank or mobile banking app. The launch of the Member bond follows the launch of the Flex Regular Saver, which is available to the building society’s current account members and also pays an interest rate of 2.5 percent. The Start to Save account, which is an improved version of the first issue, has been designed with help from the Money and Pensions Service. The new issue of the account comes with an increased interest rate of 2.5 percent and includes three prize draws every six months. READ MORE: 'I felt physically sick' - Woman devastated after scam left her account balance at 'zero' Starting in February 2023, the amount that can be won through each prize draw has increased from £100 to £250. To be eligible for the prize draw, savers will have to put between £25 to £50 a month into the account in each of the six calendar months leading up to a prize draw. Nationwide stated the minimum amount was reduced to £25 in order to “help as many people into the savings habit as possible”. Savers will be able to withdraw the funds at any time however Nationwide stated that if any money is taken out of the account during a calendar month, some or all of it will need to be paid back into the account to be eligible for the draw.  The total prize fund for each month will be 2.5 percent of the total balance increase across all Start to Save accounts leading up to the draw. This means that the chances of winning are dependent on saving behaviours and the more people save the bigger the prize draw. The prize draws will be on the February 21, 2023, August 22, 2023 and February 20, 2024. Alongside the launch of the products, Nationwide has also announced that from the July 1, 2022 all of its off-sale variable rate savings accounts will have interest rates increased by up to 50 percent.   Members of the building society’s Loyalty Saver, Loyalty ISA and Loyalty Single Access ISA accounts will see rates rise to one percent. The building society’s Help to Buy ISA will now pay 1.35 percent AER. All its instant access accounts, which include the Instant Access Saver, Instant ISA Saver and Cashbuilder will rise by 0.05 percent to either 0.16 percent 0.18 percent or 0.20 percent AER depending on the amount saved. Children’s accounts will also see an increase of up to 25 percent. These include the Future Saver, Junior ISA, and Child Trust Fund which will have an interest rate of 1.5 percent. Nationwide’s Smart Limited Access will have an increase to one percent. Debbie Crosbie, Chief Executive of Nationwide Building Society stated that it is “always our goal to support savers and offer the best rates we can sustainably afford”. Ms Crosbie said: “We’ve worked hard to give existing savers even more reason to put money away at this time, and now we’re launching Member Online Bond and increasing rates on all off-sale accounts to help further. “However, we recognise that there are also people who have not been saving. Our Start to Save account encourages a regular savings habit amongst people who are able to put a small amount away each month.” Nationwide also added that its Flex Regular Saver for current account members which pays a rate of 2.5 percent AER and its Triple Access Online ISA and Triple Access Online Saver, which both pay one percent AER will remain available to customers.