Columnist Clemmie Moodie called for Zara and her husband to be given "more prominence" in the Royal Family. The commentator said that while Prince Harry and Meghan Markle "remained firmly in the background" during the Jubilee weekend, the ex-England rugby player "stepped to the fore" and acted as a "royal peacemaker". Ms Moodie also described Mike as "so comfortable in his own semi-royal skin". She highlighted how he "merrily" matched outfits with his wife at events and was seen "enthusiastically bandying around" a union flag, as well as "easily interacting" with boisterous Prince Louis. Writing for The Sun, Ms Moodie said: "Since entering the royal fold he has barely put a giant size 12 boot wrong. "While he has a podcast, social media presence and once appeared on Channel 4’s The Jump, his anecdotes have been lighthearted and jovial. "No self-pitying calls for change or accusations of snobbery. "Both World Cup winner Mike, awarded an MBE in 2007, and Zara, an Olympic silver medallist horsewoman are successful in their own right. "With an ageing Prince Charles, it is vital that Mike and Zara are given more prominence." The Tindalls attended a number of events over the extended bank holiday weekend. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson skewers Prince William and Mike Tindall for hugging They were among wider family members out in force for the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. On Saturday, Zara and Mike stepped out for the Epsom Derby - which the Queen pulled out of - alongside Princess Anne. They later made appearances at the BBC's star-studded Platinum Party at the Palace. Mike, Zara and their eldest two children Mia and Lena also attended the pageant finale on Sunday. DON'T MISSPrince Louis has cousin Mia in stitches as he kisses her on the nose [INSIGHT]Princess Charlotte to the rescue as she helps Lena Tindall [VIDEO]Mike Tindall warns Prince Louis to behave himself [PICTURES] The former England rugby player kept his eye on cheeky Louis during the event. At one point, Mike was seeing gesturing and pointing to his eyes that he was keeping watch over the spirited four-year-old, who delighted royal fans with his hilarious antics over the four-day weekend. Zara's husband made a touching tribute to the Queen on Instagram at the beginning of the weekend of celebrations. Mike said: "Really looking forward to the next four days and celebrating one of the greatest women on this planet."