Martin Brundle is the latest F1 name to publicly support Lewis Hamilton after Nelson Piquet labelled him a racial slur during an interview. The Sky Sports F1 personality has agreed with Mercedes' powerful statement after shocking video footage from 2021 surfaced online on Tuesday. On Monday, the video emerged showing three-time world champion Piquet calling Hamilton a 'neguinho' while criticising his driving in the 2021 British Grand Prix. He told Brazilian outlet Estadao: "The neguinho put the car in the wrong way and didn't let [the other driver swerve]. "The neguinho put the car in the wrong way on the corner; it's because you don't know the curve. It's a very high curve, there is no way to pass two cars, and there's no way you can put the car aside. He did [Verstappen] dirty. His luck was that only the other one was gone." The FIA, F1, Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton himself took to social media on Tuesday to condemn Piquet's comments. And now Brundle has made a comment of his own, writing: "I couldn't agree more [with Mercedes' statement]. The education and deep need for change continues." JUST IN: Hamilton reacts after Nelson Piquet's racial slur on Mercedes star  Brundle was reacting to Mercedes' statement in support of the seven-time world champion, which hailed him for his contributions to battling discrimination and diversity on and off the track. It read: "We condemn in the strongest terms any use of racist or discriminatory language of any kind. "Lewis has spearheaded our sport's efforts to combat racism, and he is a true champion of diversity on and off track. Together, we share a vision for a diverse and inclusive motorsport, and this incident underlines the fundamental importance of continuing to strive for a brighter future." READ MORE:  Adil Ray vocalises backs Lewis Hamilton after Piquet's racist remarks  Hamilton was as resilient as ever in his response to the astonishing debacle. He first replied "Imagine" to a tweet reading: "What if Lewis Hamilton just tweeted, 'Who the f*** is Nelson Piquet?' then closed Twitter." The 37-year-old then tweeted in Portuguese, Piquet's native language, which translated as: "Let's focus on changing the mindset," followed by a more lengthy follow-up message, staying true to the fight he's been leading in F1 for years. "It's more than language," Hamilton wrote. "These are archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. I've been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action." Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here