The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will receive more honours and accolades as they grow and thrive in their roles, according to fans of the royal pair. Writing on Twitter, one royal fan said: "SussexSquad better get used to this. William and Catherine will continue to rise, and receive more honours, official portraits and jewellery from the Queen’s vault. "They are growing and thriving in their roles and will make a fabulous Prince and Princess of Wales. They’re unstoppable." One user commented on the post: "The whole Cambridge family is now taking top billing and centre stage, separating their family from all others in the Royal Family. "When they are Prince and Princess of Wales it will be incredible!!!"  Another said: "Always looking up, always focusing on people, always doing the work". A third wrote: "They are so loved and appreciated." It comes after the couple released their first portrait as future King and Queen Consort this week. The portrait, which was released on Thursday, showed Kate and William standing side-by-side with their arms around one another. READ MORE: Kate and William kick a football and drink beer on day out The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, looked stunning in an emerald green dress, while the Duke, 40, wore a smart black suit and blue tie. The portrait, created by British artist Jamie Coreth, was commissioned last year as a gift for the people of Cambridgeshire. Speaking about the unique opportunity, Mr Coreth said it was the "most extraordinary privilege of my life to be chosen to paint this picture". He added: "I wanted to show Their Royal Highnesses in a manner where they appeared both relaxed and approachable, as well as elegant and dignified. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry 'rethinking' Spotify deal after Obamas drop streaming [INSIGHT]Prince Charles to use 'own moral compass' to comment on policy as king [COMMENT]Queen Maxima dons £1,535 tie-dye dress with beautiful Dutch Princesses [ANALYSIS] "As it is the first portrait to depict them together, and specifically during their time as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, I wanted the image to evoke a feeling of balance between their public and private lives. "The piece was commissioned as a gift for the people of Cambridgeshire, and I hope they will enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed creating it." The Cambridge fans also said Kate will receive more jewellery from the Queen after she was loaned two precious jewels from the monarch's private collection for Prince Philip's funeral. On the day, Kate wore a four-strand pearl necklace, with a diamond-central element, and a pair of delicate diamond earrings, owned by the Queen.