Cancer campaigner Dame Deborah James died of bowel cancer yesterday, her family announced via Instagram, six years after she was first diagnosed with the disease. Dame Deborah spent her years of treatment raising awareness of the deadly disease and aiming to turn the tide for others who had received the devastating diagnosis. Credited as an "inspiration", she died surrounded by loved ones, and had one final message for those who have followed her trailblazing career since 2016.  The full post from her family read: "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family. "Deborah, who many of you will know as Bowelbabe, was an inspiration and we are incredibly proud of her and her work and commitment to charitable campaigning, fundraising and her endless efforts to raise awareness of cancer that touched so many lives. "Deborah shared her experience with the world to raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer. Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring. "We thank you for giving us time in private as a family, and we look forward to continuing Deborah’s legacy long into the future through the @bowelbabefund." READ MORE: Deborah James' mum left 'heartbroken' over death of daughter aged 40 "Thank you for playing your part in her journey, you are all incredible. "The family also shared a "final few words from Deborah", who provided some lasting pearls of wisdom for her one million followers." She said: "Find a life worth enjoying; take risks; love deeply; have no regrets; and always, always have rebellious hope. "And finally, check your poo – it could just save your life.” Dame Deborah received a Damehood in May after having spent years campaigning to raise awareness for bowel cancer. The former deputy head teacher had hosted BBC podcast You, Me and the Big C and wrote a regular column for The Sun newspaper. She became famous for her down-to-earth approach to the situation, which she also posted about on her six-figure follower count Instagram profile @Bowelbabe. In May this year, Dame Deborah announced via the account that she had received a terminal diagnosis. In the message she "never wanted to write", Dame Deborah said: "We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. "My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. "Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams. "I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore." Dedications have poured in to Dame Deborah's family over the last day, with millions of people profoundly affected by her death. Her BBC colleague Tony Livesey said she was "one of the most remarkable women I've ever met" and hailed her "incredible zest for life, even in the face of her own death". Steve Bland, Dame Deborah's podcasting partner alongside Lauren Mahon, touched on her life-saving influence. Speaking on BBC Breakfast this morning, he said: "She educated people about the symptoms of bowel cancer and that's an extortionary legacy. Thousands of people are alive because of her."