Too many children have died at the hands of the people who were supposed to protect them. Every atrocity is greeted with promises to learn lessons and prevent further outrages and yet the brutality continues. Logan weighed just 3st 1lb at the time of his death. We fully appreciate the challenges facing social workers in Britain, but why did nobody step in to stop the neglect and cruelty which ultimately claimed his life? His mother, stepfather and a teenager have now been given life sentences, but this boy’s home was a prison where he lived in mortal danger. Neighbours, friends and family all have a duty to protect the defenceless. There are monsters in our community who revel in sadism against children; these twisted individuals will continue to maim and kill boys and girls unless they are stopped. The ultimate test of a society is how it cares for its most vulnerable members, and it is grotesquely clear that Logan was failed. How many times did people turn a deaf ear to his screams or ignore the glaring evidence of his suffering? His death could have been avoided. He should be alive today; people in every nation of the UK will mourn his passing. The challenge for police, social workers, teachers, ministers and all of us is to ensure it does not happen again. Boris Johnson says the Government must be “responsible and sensible” about tax cuts but he should be relentless in his efforts to help families struggling with the cost of living crisis. British people understand the imperative of getting the country’s finances in order so that a colossal debt burden does not distort the economy for decades to come. It is also vital that families who are appalled at the rising costs of vital goods and utilities are not squeezed to the point of despair. Katie Boulter brought joy to the nation at Wimbledon yesterday when she beat last year’s finalist Karolína Plíšková. She then won even deeper respect when she dedicated her win to her grandmother, Jill, who passed away just days earlier. While it is deeply sad Jill did not get to see this Centre Court triumph, Boulter can be assured that she has made the nation proud with her astonishing skill and resilience. In the midst of grief she has achieved the remarkable; a country that too often dwells on its failures now rejoices in Boulter’s success and wishes her the very best in her next contests.