Our country simply cannot accommodate the influx. The number last year exceeded 30,000. It is likely to be as high as 40,000 this year. It is costing the UK billions a year. The crossings have to be stopped. Deporting them to Rwanda, though, was always a daft plan. Not because there is anything wrong with Rwanda but because it was never going to work.  The real problem was it being predicated on taking action AFTER they had already landed on British shores and thus acquired all the protections afforded them by our laws. The army of lawyers willing to prosecute their cases for them was bound to defeat the initiative and even if they did not succeed in preventing all being deported, only a handful would ever had ended up in Kigali. For the scheme to have acted as a deterrent, it would have had to have worked at a grand scale. That was never going to happen. The scheme’s first brush with reality proved the point. And, by the way, the problem was not the European Court of Justice. Yes the ECHR grounded the plane due to fly them there but by then the British judicial system had already whittled the number of deportees down to single figures. In fact the ECHR saved the UK tax payer some £400,000 by not sending the plane on a pointless trip. No, the only way to deal with this problem is to prevent those seeking to cross the Channel from landing on our shores in the first place. The most obvious answer would be for Border Force and/or the Royal Navy to push the dinghies back into French waters, towing them all the way to France, if needs be. It may offend the French to have British naval ships unilaterally operating in their waters but it is the French who have failed to prevent these smugglers from operating off their beaches. We have paid France over £250 million to try to get them to deal with the problem – they take our money but do nothing. Dealing with an irate French response to our ships is, however, very unlikely to happen. Between our Government, Border Force and the Civil Service there is no will to push back the dinghies. They deem it too dangerous forcibly to push or to attach tow lines to dinghies. Apparently, faced with being returned whence they came, migrants would rather jump into the sea and risk death – quite an indictment of France! So I took to twitter with an idea for Priti Patel. Why not deploy boats under Rwandan flags in the Channel? They could rescue any would be jumpers and take them straight to Rwanda. We have after all paid the Rwandan government £120 million up-front as part of Priti’s plan. Let’s at least get some value for money? On board Rwandan flagged ships they would be subject to Rwandan, not British, law. No army of lawyers then to offer up their services to undermine our border control. Faced with being rescued by Rwandan ships, I would wager, back to France would they relatively happily motor themselves. Needless to say my tweet was met with the usual barrage of #FBPE hate. Their biggest problem with my idea had nothing to do with human rights. It was that Rwanda is landlocked. They could not get their heads round a landlocked country owning boats and ships. It seems the notion of docking in harbours friendly to Rwanda was beyond their imagination.   They could also not grasp that, from those ports, journeys could be made by any number of means to Kigali. That is how cargo gets to Rwanda already. But leave aside the bleeding heart liberals for a moment, this is a good idea. Yes it involves facing the dinghies in the Channel, not unloading them onto Border Force and RNLI boats to taxi them free of charge back to the UK. But it does not endanger them anymore than they endangered themselves by embarking on the crossing in the first place. The choice they would have to make is return to France or go to Rwanda. Who knows, some might so dislike France that a four star hotel in Kigali would be rather appealing. 