There are impressive records in sport and then there is Rafa Nadal’s record at Roland Garros. Played 110, won 107, lost three. That is a staggering return since the 'King of Clay' first graced the French Open, where he is a 13-time champion, back in 2005. It is one that makes total nonsense of Nadal’s seeding of No 5 at the event this year. The decision might have thrown up a late night quarter-final treat against Novak Djokovic on Tuesday but it has led to a seriously unbalanced draw. Having eliminated Djokovic, Nadal will face No 3 seed Alexander Zverev in his semi-final while Marin Cilic faces Casper Ruud in a contrastingly low-rent clash in the other half. The French Open have followed the ATP rankings to the letter but when a man has won a championship 13 times - and also won the previous Grand Slam in Australia - the numbers clearly lie. Xxx These are an uneasy few days for English football. If, by this time next week, England are not dealing with the blowback from some sort of fan scandal with a fixture to come in Munich on Tuesday night, a bullet will have been dodged. Germany is a charged fixture at the best of times but whoever scheduled the game for the day after the D-Day anniversary did not think this thing through. The Normandy landings should have as much relevance to a Nations League match as Steve Davis does to Paris Fashion Week but for a warped minority in England replica shirts, who for some reason believe they are still fighting a war from almost 80 years ago, it is a date they will have noted. Throw in sunshine, German beer and the mob mentality and this is the sort of occasion that has the capacity for national embarrassment. When England played Germany five years ago in Dortmund the Westfalenstadion reverberated to the strains of ‘Ten German Bombers’ - a dismal ditty glorifying in the downing of the Luftwaffe that the travelling fans somehow thought appropriate as a backing track to a football match in their host country. England captain Harry Kane asked for there to be no repeat when the two teams met at Wembley in the Euros last summer. Instead the German national anthem was whistled from start to finish. Warm hosts, us. When an image of a nine-year-old German girl in tears after the game appeared on social media after England’s win some of the spiteful comments afterwards were a disgrace. One Welshman was so ashamed he launched a crowdfunding page to raise money for her to show not all people from the UK were like this. We’re not like that as it turns out - the appeal raised £36,000 (which the girl asked to be donated to charity). But the deterioration in crowd behaviour as the domestic season has reached its conclusion has shown a worrying retreat back to darker days. Not the Champions League final - the chaos in Paris was no fault of the Liverpool support - but join the dots from the season’s run-in and the picture formed is one of increasing disorder. The pitch invasions that saw Billy Sharp assaulted by a now jailed Nottingham Forest fan and Patrick Viera taunted and abused by Everton scumbags goading him for a reaction and then filming it when they got one were sickening. There were also incidents involving fans confronting visiting players after the League Two play-offs at Port Vale and Northampton. It is a continuation of a theme since lockdown was lifted. England’s game against Italy in Wolverhampton will be played behind closed doors as a punishment for the anarchy at Wembley on Euros final night last summer. England are not the only ones on the naughty step - tomorrow’s visit to the Puskas Arena in Budapest will also be staged without a crowd (albeit with 30,000 school children there instead) because of the racist abuse directed at Raheem Sterling and Jude Bellingham when the sides met last year. But a similarly populated Molineux for the repeat of that final will serve as a reminder that this country’s hooliganism issue has not gone away. Somehow, England has still been entrusted as co-hosts for the 2028 Euros with the other home nations and the Republic of Ireland. UEFA must be optimistic that English fans can clean up their act and Tuesday’s game will be an opportunity to show that they can, after all, be trusted. It is right to hope for the best but more realistic to fear the worst.