The Platinum Jubilee saw a mass outpouring of public admiration and respect for the Queen and the British Royal Family, however, polling carried out in the weeks building up to the celebrations suggested that support for the Crown has fallen considerably since the 2010s. The polls have reportedly placed Buckingham Palace and the Windsors on "high alert" according to Royal correspondent Richard Palmer. Mr Palmer told host Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up: "I think there are a few alarm bells ringing for the monarchy with some of the polling that's been done in the last few weeks, in the run-up to the Jubilee. "It does show that while the Queen remains a highly respected figure even among people who don't want to see a monarchy in this country, the support for the monarchy has fallen in the last 10 years. "So they're gonna have to keep an eye on that." Forsyth added: "I mean, it has shown though this weekend, hasn't it that there is still a place for the Royal Family and there's still a respect there."  Mr Palmer continued: "Well, I think that one of the things that the Royal Family does best is it helps tell our national story. "So we do we see them supporting charities and we see at family events, but where they are, where they play a key role in helping to tell our national story. "So see, you see that Remembrance Sunday, gig anniversaries and jubilees help us as a nation and as a Commonwealth because there have been events all over the Commonwealth as well, to tell the story of our countries and to celebrate our communities." The royal expert added that the Queen has already set in motion plans to prepare the UK for Prince Charles's takeover of the throne. Mr Palmer said: "I think this, one or two people have said this, I'm going to steal the phrase, I think this is the start of a long goodbye. "It's inevitable that she will be less and less as she approaches 100. "How many more times when we see her on the Buckingham Palace balcony we just don't know obviously. "But it's clear that she is going to hand over more and more responsibilities to her son and heir Prince Charles and in turn to the Duke of Cambridge. "They are taking over more and more responsibilities and what was interesting was the message from this final balcony appearance because it was about a slimmed-down monarchy again and this is the future of the monarchy." It comes with the Queen reportedly not due to attend the upcoming Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, with the monarchy being replaced by the Prince of Wales. There are 49 days to go until the 2022 Games open in the city and other West Midlands venues on July 28, running until August 8. The Daily Mail reported the Queen will not attend the Games and Charles will appear in her stead at the opening ceremony.