Archie, 12, has not regained consciousness since a “tragic accident” in April. Earlier in June, the High Court said medical professionals could legally stop treating the boy. Mrs Justice Arbuthnot ruled on June 13 the boy was brain-stem dead and said doctors could lawfully stop treating him. However, the High Court has now given Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee, mother and father, the go-ahead to take the case to the Court of Appeal. The family had to establish they had an arguable or compelling case for the judge to agree to a full appeal hearing. A barrister leading the family’s legal team argued evidence had not shown “beyond reasonable doubt” that Archie is dead but the decision had been made on a balance of probabilities. Edward Devereux QC said a decision of such “gravity” should have been made on a “beyond reasonable doubt” basis. The barrister also argued the court erred by failing to accommodate the religious views of Archie and his family in relation to the declaration of death. In her ruling last week, Mrs Arbuthnot said: “I find that Archie died at noon on May 31 2022, which was shortly after the MRI scans taken that day. “I find that irreversible cessation of brain stem function has been conclusively established.” She also said: “I give permission to the medical professionals at the Royal London Hospital to cease to ventilate mechanically Archie Battersbee.” The same judge gave the family permission to take the case to the Court of Appeal. Ms Dance previously told the court how she found Archie unconscious on April 7, saying she believes the boy might have been taking part in an online challenge. After the ruling, Ms Dance said she was “devastated and extremely disappointed” after weeks spent fighting the legal battle instead of being by her son’s bedside. She said: “I feel sickened that the hospital and the judge have failed to take the wishes of the family into consideration. “I do not believe Archie has been given enough time. From the beginning I have always thought ‘why the rush?’ “His heart is still beating, he has gripped my hand, and as his mother, I know he is still in there.” Alistair Chesser, the chief medical officer at Barts Health NHS Trust, expressed sympathies for the family following the ruling. He said: “In line with the guidance issued by the court, our expert clinicians will provide the best possible care while life support is withdrawn. “We are also ensuring that there is time for the family to decide whether they wish to appeal before any changes to care are made.”