Jose Mourinho is reportedly eyeing a move for Chelsea flop Saul Niguez after his return to Atletico Madrid. But the Roma boss may be denied the opportunity to sign the midfielder due to complications over his salary, according to reports. Mourinho is keen to bolster his midfield options having already reunited with ex-Manchester United enforcer Nemanja Matic this summer. And the Portuguese tactician is keen to land Saul, a player he was linked with while he coached at Old Trafford, in the summer transfer window with a loan switch in the pipeline. The move is likely to be difficult to push through, according to Spanish outlet AS. Roma’s highest earner is currently Tammy Abraham, who earns €6million-a-year (£5.1m) net at the Stadio Olimipico. Saul’s wages would put him above Abraham, however, with the 27-year-old thought to earn £200,000-a-week, equating to £10m-a-year. READ MORE: Chelsea 'confident' of signing Man City star Sterling for £35m In Italy, clubs can use the Growth Decree to sign players and offer tax cuts as part of their salaries. Ordinarily, people who earn enough to pay the highest tax bracket in Italy would give away 47 per cent of their salary in tax. But the Growth Decree allows football clubs to offer deals that include players paying just 26 per cent of their earnings, giving them a bigger slice of their weekly wage. However, even such a loophole would not be enough to finance a move for Saul. It is believed that Roma would need to convince Atletico to continue paying a significant portion of Saul’s wages to secure another loan, with up to 50 per cent reportedly required to be by the Italian club. And that could force the Giallorossi to look elsewhere, with the La Liga giants unlikely to sanction such a deal. DON'T MISSChelsea plot Barcelona transfer revenge as Blues eye exciting talentChelsea could wreck Liverpool boss Klopp's Bellingham planBremer makes decision clear after Chelsea 'offer' for Spurs target His salary was fully covered by Chelsea after spending last season on loan at Stamford Bridge, where the Spain international endured a difficult spell in west London. After signing on deadline day in August, he made 23 appearances for the Blues and scored one goal, but only of 10 of those outings came in the Premier League. After being used as a squad rotation option by Thomas Tuchel, the club declined to take up the option to make the move permanent for the agreed £34m fee stipulated in his loan contract. Saul later confirmed he would be heading back to the Wanda Metropolitano, where he remains under contract until 2026 after signing a nine-year deal. “Hello Blues, I’m writing to take my leave of you,” he wrote on social media. “I would like to tell you how I felt during this adventure. Things didn’t start well at all. After a long time at home, changing everything wasn’t easy. "Thanks to all the fans for supporting me through thick and thin. I will be forever grateful. Thanks to all the staff for making it possible for me to win titles with the blue shirt. But above all, I wanted to thank my team-mates. They have been fundamental so that I wouldn’t fall apart. They helped me to continue supporting the team and live a calm and positive day to day. Thank you!”