The fifth season of Yellowstone is currently making headway in Montana after series lead Kevin Costner and the rest of the cast returned to filming in May. With its official premiere just a few short months away, Forrie J Smith, Cole Hauser and some more familiar faces from the Paramount Network drama have shared a special message for fans on Instagram. Yellowstone’s bunkhouse staff are officially back in action after coming together for the show’s latest social media post. Forrie and Cole were joined by the likes of Denim Richards, Jen Landon and Ryan Bingham to pay tribute to some of their fans. In commemoration of USA’s Memorial Day on May 30, Forrie kicked off with a message for veterans and those still in service who have tuned in over the years. “Hey! The Yellowstone bunkhouse crew wants to thank all our servicemen and women and veterans on this memorial holiday,” he said. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change “Thanks for your service and your sacrifice. Amen and God bless.” He also posted on his personal page: "Memorial Day, May 30, 2022 is a special time to honour America’s history and commemorate the bravery, courage and honour of our troops.” Memorial Day takes place on the last Monday of May every year to mourn the loss of military personnel who served in the US armed forces. The Paramount Network also marked the occasion with a marathon of all four seasons starting at 10am on Saturday. Forrie’s co-star Cole also paid tribute with his own post on Instagram shortly after the bunkhouse’s story was released. “From my family to all those families that have lost a loved one protecting this great nation,” he wrote in his caption. “We are thinking of you today. They will always be remembered, never forgotten.” And Ian also paid tribute with an image of a US woman and her baby mourning the loss of her military husband. DON'T MISS:Young Sheldon: Replacing Jim Parsons ‘didn’t seem possible’ [INSIGHT]Joanna Lumley denies royal drama will overshadow Jubilee [OPINION]Stranger Things season 4: Fans slam Hopper’s escape [REACTION] “This image always shatters me,” the Yellowstone regular wrote. “Please take a moment today to honour our Fallen Heroes by remembering the sacrifice so many have made for the freedoms we enjoy.” On Saturday, May 28, Cole confirmed he was back in the saddle as Rip with a new portrait of his character on horseback. In the run-up to season five, Yellowstone’s social media has also been keeping fans up-to-date with the latest news from Taylor Sheridan’s hit franchise. A release date of Sunday, November 13 for the season five premiere was recently confirmed. Plus, Hollywood legends Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford were confirmed to be joining the cast of Paramount’s prequel follow-up to 1883, 1932. As Yellowstone’s popularity continues to grow, the new spin-off and the mainline series’ upcoming seasons are guaranteed to be essential viewing for US fans and audiences worldwide. Yellowstone season 5 will premiere November 13 on The Paramount Network. Seasons 1-3 will be available to stream on Paramount Plus when it arrives in the UK later this year.