The Umbrella Academy has returned to Netflix with season three and fans were left with plenty of questions at the end. Fans did not know much about Lester Pocket (played by Callum Keith Rennie) to begin with, except he was an old man attached to his headphones. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new character and his significance.  The third season of The Umbrella Academy sees the gang trying to figure out how to return to their own timeline. After the introduction of the Sparrow Academy, they were desperate to get the world back to normal. The show teased a new character tracking the Umbrella Academy, Lester Pocket. Lester Pocket is actually Harlan Cooper (Justin Paul Kelly) from the second season of the series. When Viktor (Elliot Page) travelled back in time to the 1960s, he met Sissy (Marin Ireland) a housewife and mother of Harlan. READ MORE: Umbrella Academy season 3: Fans slam show for ‘butchering’ Allison Harlan was just a child at the time and he possessed special abilities no one could understand. When he drowned in a lake, Viktor saved him by transferring some of his power to Harlan. Just when everyone thought the boy was under control, it transpired he could not contain his power. In season three fans discovered Viktor had been unable to remove Harlan's powers. Harlan was trying to track down Viktor and get some answers. In the first few episodes, Lester is depicted as an unusual character. He does not speak much, which makes it difficult for viewers to identify him. The character is seen travelling across the country with a bag full of audio tapes. However, it is not music on the tapes, as they instead feature sounds like the noise of bees buzzing and rain falling. DON'T MISS... The Umbrella Academy season 3 ending explained: Where is Sloane? [EXPLAINER] Who play the Sparrows in The Umbrella Academy? [INSIGHT] How old is 5 from The Umbrella Academy in real life? [EXPLAINER] It quickly becomes apparent he is tracking the movements of the Umbrella Academy. After checking into the Obsidian Hotel, he reveals himself to the gang in the third episode. He uses a blast of powerful energy to take down two of the Sparrows, Jayme (Cazzie David) and Alphonso (Jake Epstein). Viktor instantly recognises him as the young Harlan Cooper she had once saved. The two characters had grown close in the second season and it was a shock for Viktor. Fans took to Twitter to say how difficult it was to predict his true identity. @TeeNotHereRN said: "I had a five tweet theory of who I thought Lester was and I was so wrong #TheUmbrellaAcademy." However @cce_abi said: "I was right, Harlan is Lester Pocket omg holy s*** I called it."  The Umbrella Academy season 3 is on Netflix now.