Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced an updated array of cost of living support in late May, one of which included a £650 payment for people on certain benefits. The one-off payment will not need to be repaid and is expected to help millions of households across the UK.  The payment is available for those on low income benefits and tax credits including:   The £650 will be broken up into two payments of £325. For the first payment, claimants will need to have received their qualifying benefit, or have started a successful claim, on May 25. It is not yet known what the qualifying date will be for the second payment. However, those who have already received a cost of living payment from HMRC due to their tax credits will not be able to get the £650.  The first payment of £325 is expected in July, with the second payment due in Autumn for those on means-tested benefits. Those that qualify through tax credits should receive their first instalment in autumn and the second in winter. No one should need to make a claim for the payment, if they are eligible it is expected to be automatically paid. The benefit will also be entirely tax-free and will not affect the benefit cap nor existing benefit awards.  Although, people with joint benefit claims will only receive one payment of £650 for both of them, paid in July and autumn. The Chancellor’s earlier cost of living support, which total £350, of which £200 would have had to be paid back, was criticised as not being targeted towards those that desperately needed it. These measures on the other hand provide support for the most financially vulnerable of society, although some have argued that people who are entitled to benefits but simply aren’t claiming them, will miss out completely. Universal Credit is one of the main benefits for Britons on a low income or out of work.  To be eligible for the benefit Britons must: Anyone can use a benefits calculator online to see if they are eligible for any benefits that they may not know about.