Phil Mickelson has always been such an eloquent speaker he was nicknamed FIGJAM (F*** I’m Good, Just Ask Me) early in his career. His words came quicker than his booming drives off the tee. At the 2014 Ryder Cup, he just could not wait to knife his own captain Tom Watson. But before his return at the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Invitational London this week, the usually uber-confident six-time Major champion was careful. Hesitant. Even humble. The Californian, 51, said he does not intend to leave the PGA Tour and he wants to play the US Open next week. But after declining to deny he was being paid £160m ($200m) to be the biggest star on the breakaway tour, it felt like it was only the money talking. The American left-hander took nine months to go from the People’s Champion as the oldest Major winner in history at the US PGA last year to a pariah for his comments about Saudi Arabia. Speaking to his unauthorised biographer, in comments he thought were off-the-record, Mickelson admitted the Saudis were “scary mother*******” and acknowledged the Kingdom has a “horrible record on human rights”. He even referenced the murder of the Washington Post reporter Jamal Khashoggi. The outcry nearly derailed the Saudi-backed breakaway league and Mickelson went into exile - his friend Bryson DeChambeau claimed he had “gone dark” - for nearly four months.His reappearance into the light this week proves both the Saudis and Mickelson have their price. The organisers get more bang for their buck with the world No.72 returning to action at their first event. The American doubles his lifetime earnings of $94.95m on the PGA Tour. And unlike Greg Norman’s statement on Khashoggi last month that “We’ve all made mistakes”, Mickelson was well briefed and spent more time considering questions on sportswashing than he would over a four-foot putt. The captain of the “High Flyers” team was desperate to keep the decibel level low.His reply to the first question on the “scary” Saudis was straight off the script. “Well, certainly, I've made, said and done a lot of things that I regret, and I'm sorry for that and for the hurt that it's caused a lot of people,” he said. “I don't condone human rights violations at all. I don't think -- nobody here does, throughout the world. I'm certainly aware of what has happened with Jamal Khashoggi, and I think it's terrible. I've also seen the good that the game of golf has done throughout history, and I believe that LIV Golf is going to do a lot of good for the game as well.” The next question on human rights was met with: “I said earlier, I don't condone human rights violations. I don't know how I can be any more clear. “Asked about other human rights violations beyond Khashoggi, Mickelson floundered before replying: “I think I've addressed that about as thoroughly as I'm going to.”But it is still not clear what he is apologising for. Speaking the truth about Saudi Arabia or his shameless hypocrisy in taking the money anyway? “I understand people have very strong opinions and may disagree with my decision, and I can empathise with that,” he replied. “But at this time, this is an opportunity that gives me a chance to have the most balance in my life going forward, and I think this is going to do a lot of good for the game.”The prize fund here is $25m with $4m to the winner out of a pledged $2bn to the sport. It is ironic that Jesse J will play the closing concert here on Saturday night because it really is all about the money. In February, Mickelson called out the PGA Tour for their "obnoxious greed". But on Wednesday he said he still had “a lot of strong opinions” but admitted: “One of the mistakes I made is voicing those publicly. I'm learning from my mistakes.” Towards the end of his press conference, he began to show the old Phil. The US Open is the only Major the six-time runner-up needs to complete his career Grand Slam. Asked if he felt a win would be received differently now, he replied: “I don't know how others will receive it but I would be quite favourable with it.” And asked if he was getting a $200m appearance fee, he replied: “I feel that contract agreements should be private. Doesn't seem to be the case. But it should be.”