During an episode of Jane McDonald: Cruising the Nordics, the former cruise ship singer took Channel 5 viewers aboard the Viking Sky as she travelled to Tallinn, St Petersburg, Helsinki and Denmark. However, when she paid a visit to Copenhagen, Jane spoke about her first husband, Henrik and how she struggled to learn his language. The presenter admitted she hadn't visited the country for 15 years as she began to list off some of the iconic landmarks. "You're impressed now, aren't you?" Jane joked as she spoke some words in Danish. "So you should be. "Well, my husband was Danish so I had to say a few things." As she said another Danish phrase, the singer added: "That means I love you and that was it really." READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show She went on to explain the name of a well-known Danish dessert, before admitting: "I don't know why I learned that." "But that is a really difficult one, can you say that?" she asked the cameraman. "It's a hard language to learn and I did learn it about 17 years ago. "It took me a very long time to learn and it is very easy to forget." "Are you a fast learner, Jane," the cameraman asked before she quickly answered: "No!" Jane met her husband Henrik while filming the BBC series, The Cruise, as he too worked onboard the ship but as a plumbing engineer. After a whirlwind romance, they tied the knot in 1998 and Henrik became Jane's manager. However, things didn't go to plan because four years later the pair split up as Henrik felt he was holding Jane back in her career. DON'T MISS...‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change [INSIGHT]Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot in awkward relationship probe [VIDEO]‘Report Madeley to Ofcom!’ GMB host blasted for ‘bullying’ Labour MP [REACTION] Jane did find love again with The Searchers drummer Eddie Rothe in 2008. However, last year, Jane lost Eddie after he died following a battle with lung cancer. Jane has been open about her relationships in the past, and she often reminisces about her ex-partners in her Channel 5 travel shows. In a recent episode of Holidaying with Jane McDonald, the presenter went to Fort Lauderdale. Speaking about the moment she met Henrik, Jane recalled: "I've got great memories here. "I used to dock every single week when I was working on the cruise ships, so I got to know Fort Lauderdale quite well. "And then when I met Henrik all those years ago, he had a house here so, I stayed here quite a lot. "I've got some great friends who still live here. So I'm hoping to meet up with them as well." Jane McDonald: Cruising the Nordics is available to watch on My5.