Columnist Clemmie Moodie said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have become "outsiders" due to their "constant jabbering". She also accused Meghan of not doing herself "any favours" by "preaching one thing then doing the polar opposite", adding that Harry was "similarly out of touch". Ms Moodie's comments come after the Sussexes returned to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Writing in The Sun, she said: "By breaking the famous royal omertà, arguably the couple have become outsiders in their own family. "Their constant jabbering, accusations of racism, varying “recollections of memory” and Harry’s forthcoming, widely hyped tome, effectively a kiss ’n’ tell, have left them ostracised. "By preaching one thing — be it about climate change, global poverty or feminism — and then doing the polar opposite (the jets, the £11million, 16-bathroom mansion, clinging to the coat-tails of her Duchess title), Meghan hasn’t done herself any favours. "And two A-level’d Harry, with talk of daily meditation and work stress, has shown himself similarly out of touch." Ms Moodie added that the Queen has "set out her stall" for the future of the Royal Family which means "no deserters". Harry and Meghan travelled from Britain to California for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Sussexes stayed at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage with their two children Archie and Lilibet. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry share new pic of Lilibet The couple made their first public appearances alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral last Friday. But they were absent from many of the Jubilee festivities over the extended weekend. Harry and Meghan's relegated seats at the service were a sign of the change in their royal status. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [POLL]Queen BANNED Harry and Meghan from photographing meeting [INSIGHT]Lilibet stuns royal fans as Sussexes' release birthday snap [PHOTO] They sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for the couple in the prime positions. Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate were far across the aisle from the Sussexees. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his older brother, who have long faced a rift, nor with his father, who he also has a troubled relationship with, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, the Sussexes made a series of bombshell claims about the Royal Family in their Oprah Winfrey interview. Harry and Meghan reportedly headed back to the US before the Jubilee pageant finale started on Sunday. The Sussexes are living in California after quitting as working royals in 2020. 