Window cleaning is widely disliked amongst a majority of homeowners, with many instead enlisting the help of professionals to get the job done. Cleaning windows using ineffective products and tools can actually lead to smearing and smudging which can make windows appear even dirtier. Detrimental weather conditions can also prove to be a common nuisance when it comes to cleaning windows. But homeowners don’t need to avoid this task any longer. Jonathan Hey, CEO of Aliwood Roof Lanterns, has shared his tricks and hacks to help homeowners get their windows sparkling in the summer sunshine. The window cleaning expert’s tips mean homeowners can clean their windows without running into inconvenient mishaps along the way. Jonathan suggested not using the traditional method of using paper towels to remove any existing water stains. READ MORE: How to stop grass turning yellow - 4 tips to keep lawn Instead, by being more strategic with window cleaning, homeowners can simplify the process and enjoy glistening windows which are brighter and cleaner than ever before. Johnathan’s method for cleaning windows included using a squeegee and newspaper. He said: “Once the wash has been applied to the windows with a cloth, squeegees should be used to reach into your windows’ corners; move yours downwards to remove excess liquid. “This can either be vertically pulled down or in an s-shape, which is a much quicker and more effective option. DON'T MISS‘Incredibly easy’ vegetables to grow on a balcony or patio [INSIGHT]‘Valuable’ kitchen essential to give gardens a boost without chemicals [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [ANALYSIS] “Newspaper can then be used for a final varnish, but beware of ink stains from the prints. “These can be extremely difficult to remove. “So, if you are preparing for an upcoming garden party or family barbecue, follow these quick hacks to get your windows sparkling clean for less money (and with fewer mishaps) – all without the need for professionals.” One of Jonathan’s hacks included not cleaning windows in the sun, but to instead opt for a cloudy day. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said: “The best time to wash your windows is in cloudy conditions, amid temperatures of between 17-20°C. “Sun beams can quickly evaporate the cleaning solution, leaving additional water stains and making your efforts fruitless. “With this in mind, don’t clean when it’s too hot or sunny.” The window expert also said not all homes will need their windows cleaning frequently.  How often windows need to be cleaned will depend on the home’s location. Homes in cities will find dirt accumulates more quickly which means they will need to be cleaned more frequently. Meanwhile, those in the countryside could get away with “two to three cleans per year”.