RMT's general secretary Mick Lynch was put on the spot by Adil Ray on Thursday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. Mr Lynch is leading three days of rail strikes which have been causing travel disruption across the nation. As the unionist hit out about rail workers not getting an "adequate" pay rise offer, Adil demanded to know whether their pay rises have been 25 percent higher than other public sector workers.  As Mr Lynch voiced his frustrations over RMT members not getting an adequate payrise offer, Adil interrupted him. The Good Morning Britain presenter said: "We do have to give the department's response over the claim members have not had a pay rise for two to three years. "They say public sector workers' pay was subject to a pay freeze during the pandemic. "Unlike other public sector workers, railway workers have been seeing above-average pay increases over the past decade by approximately 25 percent - is that correct?" READ MORE: Monty Don stuns fans as he announces change to Gardeners' World However, Mr Lynch told the Good Morning Britain host most of the pay deals rail workers have been given have been in line with inflation. "It's deteriorating now," he added. "Inflation was at a low and this idea that because it is all relative as the RMT has done well in negotiations and we should give up our power to negotiate is nonsense. "If we don't get a pay rise they are not going to give it to some nurses or doctors, they are just going to keep the money and get more profit." Co-host Charlotte Hawkins asked whether Saturday's rail strike will be going ahead or if it could be averted.  "We understand plans are being drawn up for further strikes in a couple of weeks, what is the future for this?" She added. Mr Lynch stressed how "nothing's inevitable" and said there must be a settlement to this dispute. "It is up to the companies how quickly they want to make progress on that," he confirmed. "If there is not a settlement the disputes and the action will go ahead. DON'T MISS...Ranvir Singh hits back at GMB guest as row erupts over fat suits [VIDEO]GMB viewers lash out at remainer protester 'Get some security!' [REACTION]TV viewers slam dating debate 'Didn't think GMB could sink any lower' [LATEST] He gave assurances RMT members will pause next week to process what they have been told. Mr Lynch added: "We will then decide what the next stage of the campaign is and that will include more industrial action and more strikes if we don't get a settlement." Only 20 percent of services will be running on Thursday for the second day of rail strikes. Millions of Britons were impacted by the strike action on Tuesday and another walkout is due on Saturday.  The RMT is calling for a seven percent pay rise to offset the cost of living crisis as inflation hits 9.1 percent and is forecast to reach 11 percent this autumn. A three percent pay rise has been offered by employers on the condition the union accepts new working practices. Earlier this week the Prime Minister urged the nation to resist high pay rises which could "further fuel inflation". Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays from 6am on ITV. 