The two British men, who were detained in April in the battle for Mariupol, were charged with being foreign mercenaries, trying to seize power and terrorist offences. They had both been in the country since 2018 and insist they were legitimately serving with Ukraine's military – so should be protected as prisoners of war by the Geneva Convention. The UK has made clear they are prisoners of war entitled to immunity and should not face prosecution for taking part in hostilities. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said on Monday the British Government expected "the laws of armed conflict to be represented" and the Foreign Office would make "all the representations". The court, in one of Ukraine's breakaway regions, is not internationally recognised. The Russian-owned news agency RIA Novosti said on Telegram: "The Supreme Court of the DPR passed the first sentence on mercenaries – the British Aiden Aslin and Sean Pinner and the Moroccan Saadun Brahim were sentenced to death, RIA Novosti correspondent reports from the courtroom." The Interfax news agency said the three men were tried for "mercenarism" and activities "aimed at seizing power and toppling the constitutional order" of Donetsk. The president of the Donetsk People's Republic, Denis Pushilin, accused the three men of "monstrous" crimes. Mr Aslin, Mr Pinner and Mr Brahim appeared in court for the first time on Wednesday and, according to RIA, pleaded guilty to acts aimed at seizing power by force. Mr Aslin also pleaded guilty under the article "Training in order to carry out terrorist activities". Alexander Nikulin, the chair of the panel of judges who gave the death penalty, has described the sentence as just. He said the court had been guided by "not only the prescribed norms and rules, but the main, inviolable principle of justice", Interfax reported. Ukraine LIVE: Putin tipped to unleash army on 'weak' Europe – new target named Other pro-Russian officials claimed the three soldiers' actions had "led to the deaths and injury of civilians, as well as damage to civilian and social infrastructure". A pro-Kremlin official in Donetsk said that while the men had pled guilty, they were given the death penalty because of "the main, unshakable principle – justice". Tass news agency quoted a lawyer acting on behalf of the defendants saying all three "wished to" appeal against the sentence. The head of the judicial board said the convicts can appeal the decision within a month and, if an appeal was accepted, they could receive a life or 25-year prison sentence instead of the death penalty. Mr Raab said the UK Government intends to file a protest in connection with the criminal case against Mr Aslin. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, who had originally sparked controversy by claiming it was alright for British soldiers to travel abroad to fight before backtracking, said: "I utterly condemn the sentencing of Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner held by Russian proxies in eastern Ukraine. "They are prisoners of war. This is a sham judgment with absolutely no legitimacy." Writing on Twitter, she added: "My thoughts are with the families. We continue to do everything we can to support them." The family of Mr Aslin, a former care home worker, said on Tuesday it was a "very sensitive and emotional time" and they were working with the Ukrainian government and UK Foreign Office to try to free him. They said in a statement: "Aiden is a much-loved man and very much missed, and we hope that he will be released very soon." The 28-year-old joined Ukraine's armed forces as a marine in 2018. He had previously also fought with Kurdish armed units in Syria against the so-called Islamic State. Engaged to marry a Ukrainian woman, he had applied for citizenship in the country. On Wednesday, following the sentencing, they said: "We've heard the news from Donetsk and need some time to take everything in. "We love Aiden with all our hearts. He and Shaun, as members of Ukrainian armed forces, should be treated with respect just like any other prisoners of war. "They are not, and never were, mercenaries. "We hope that this sentence will be overturned and beseech the government's of the UK and Ukraine to do everything in their power to have them returned to us safely, and soon. We can only imagine what they are going through right now. "This is a very upsetting development and we ask that our privacy is respected at this time." DON'T MISSThe two scenarios in which NATO could declare war on Russia [EXPLAINER]Putin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [INSIGHT] What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Pinner, 48, has lived in Ukraine since 2018 and has a Ukrainian wife. He was filmed in April saying he had been captured while defending Mariupol, his adopted city. His family, stressed at the time he was "not a volunteer nor a mercenary, but officially serving with the Ukrainian army". They added: "Shaun enjoyed the Ukrainian way of life and considered Ukraine as his adopted country over the last four years. "During this time, he met his Ukrainian wife who is very focused on the humanitarian needs of the country. Observers dubbed the processing of the men's cases a "show trial" meant to emulate war crimes trials against Russian soldiers in Kyiv. Former Tory minister Robert Jenrick condemned Moscow's "trumped-up charges", with "no evidence whatsoever". Speaking on BBC Radio 4's World At One programme, he said: "This disgusting Soviet-era era show trial is the latest reminder of the depravity of Putin's regime. "The Russian Ambassador should be summoned to the Foreign Office to account for this egregious breach of the Geneva Convention. "No one should think they can treat British citizens like this and get away with it." Ukraine has given three Russian soldiers prison sentences for war crimes tied to a war close to hitting the four-month mark. Vadim Shishimarin, 21, was sentenced to life in prison on May 23 for killing a 62-year-old civilian in Ukraine’s north-eastern Sumy region shortly into the conflict. Alexander Bobikin and Alexander Ivanov were each sentenced to more than 11 years in prison on May 31 for shelling attacks on population centres that "violated the laws and customs of war". The court that has sentenced Mr Aslin, Mr Pinner and Mr Brahim is in Donetsk, one of the parts that make up Donbas. Pro-Moscow separatists declared it the "Donetsk People's Republic" in 2014. The other part forming the region, which the Kremlin recognised the day before the full-scale invasion of Ukraine began, is Luhansk. Russian forces have been focusing their efforts on this area in recent months. A No 10 spokesman said: "We are obviously deeply concerned by this. We have said continually that prisoners of war shouldn’t be exploited for political purposes. "You will know that under the Geneva convention prisoners of war are entitled to combatant immunity and they should not be prosecuted for participation in hostilities. "So we will continue to work with the Ukrainian authorities to try and secure the release of any British nationals who were serving in the Ukrainian armed forces and who are being held as prisoners of war." Express.co.uk has contacted the Foreign Office for comment.