There are a host of studies highlighting the benefits of omega-3s for the heart. It’s becoming increasingly clear, however, that dosing is key to achieving good results. A new study, suggests taking three grams of omega-3 daily could lead to a "substantial reduction" in systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Previous research into omega-3 fatty acids has shown mixed results regarding their benefits for the heart. In fact, several trials have questioned the cardiovascular benefits of high-dose omega-3s after highlighting the risk of arrhythmias and bleeding. Srihari Naidu, professor of medicine at New York College in Valhalla, said: “The most recent large trials, two of them showed conflicting results. “More important, they also showed that there may be an increased risk of bleeding and other complications such as atrial fibrillation.” READ MORE: Supplements: Expert ‘strongly’ advises against joint product - may cause heart problems The latest research, however, suggests that a daily dose of three grams may offer favourable reductions in blood systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Speaking of the findings, Medscape wrote: “The findings showed a substantial reduction in diastolic and systolic blood pressure when individuals consumed a moderate amount of omega-3 fatty acids, particularly EPA and DHA combined, in doses of two to three grams.” This discovery was made by Xin Zhang, PhD, of Macau University of Science and Technology in Taipa, China, and his team. The aim of their study was to establish the effect of various omega-3s including DHA and EPA, on blood pressure. Writing in the Journal of the American Health Association, the researchers concluded: “An optimal dose of omega-3 fatty acids is potentially needed for blood pressure control in the general population, but individuals who are at high risk of developing cardiovascular diseases may benefit from higher doses." WebMD echoes this advice, saying: “The AHA says taking up to three grams of fish oil daily in supplement form is considered safe. “Don’t take more than that unless you discuss it with your doctor first.” Other ways to reduce blood pressure High blood pressure - or hypertension - is diagnosed when the pressure exerted against the arterial walls is great enough to cause a rupture. The condition is therefore inextricably linked with the flexibility of arterial walls. The more supple these are, the more blood they can accommodate, which eventually leads to reductions in blood pressure. Foods that contain nitrates are particularly beneficial for hypertension because they promote dilation of the vessels by relaxing them. Some nitrate-rich vegetables contain leafy greens, cabbage, parsley, leeks, beets, endive and fennel.