Brigitte Macron, 69, will be supporting her husband Emmanuel Macron, 44, today as the second round of the French parliamentary elections take place. The French leader, who won a second term as President at the April elections, risks losing his outright parliamentary majority. It comes after a major challenge by left-green coalition leader Jean-Luc Mélenchon in the first round of voting last Sunday. His alliance emerged roughly even with Mr Macron’s Ensemble party in terms of the vote share, although the turnout was only 47.5 percent. In recent weeks, Brigitte Macron has spoken of her “confidence” in her husband since his re-election. The French First Lady famously first laid eyes on Mr Macron when he was a 15-year-old child, and she was a teacher at his school. She rarely discusses the relationship and their 24-year age gap but admitted in a throwback interview with Elle in 2017 that leaving her husband for Mr Macron initially left her children feeling “hurt”. Asked about the effects of her decisions, she said: “In any case, separations always do damage. JUST IN: Putin's panic as terrifying new Panther tank unleashed in response to Ukraine war “I know that I have hurt my children, and that is the thing I reproach myself for the most. “But I couldn’t not do it. There are times in your life when you make critical choices. “And for me, this was one of those times. So, anything anyone might say about the 20 years’ difference is just a big nothing. “Of course, we have breakfast, me with my wrinkles, him with his fresh face, but that’s how it is.” She added: “If I had not made that choice, I would have missed out on my life. “I was very happy with my children, and at the same time I felt that I had to live “this love,” as Prévert said, to be completely happy.” Mrs Macron’s first husband André-Louis Auzière passed away aged 69 in December 2019, his daughter confirmed. Not much is known about the man she left to marry so she could marry the eventual French President. He and Mrs Macron, who had three children together, divorced in 2006 after it emerged the former schoolteacher had fallen in love with a student. She and Mr Macron waited until 2007 to tie the knot, a year after the divorce was finalised. DON'T MISS: 'Fans of frogs, liverwurst and spaghetti' Putin puppet launches racist rant at EU leaders [LATEST]Jo Cox's husband's heartbreaking message years after murder: 'Still centre of our family' [INSIGHT]Brexit POLL: Should UK listen to Nigel Farage and withdraw from the ECHR? [ANALYSIS] Mrs Macron taught literature and theatre at his high school, although he was not a student in her class. However, the pair grew close during school rehearsals for the Eduardo De Filippo play, ‘The Art of Comedy’. It was taking part in these late-night sessions for the production that allowed the pair’s romance to blossom. Speaking to Elle, Mrs Macron said: “In that theatre workshop we wrote plays together—our relationship was one of artistic equality.” She added: “We wrote together on Friday nights—and by Saturday, I couldn’t wait for Friday to come around. I didn’t understand why. It seemed insane.” After Mr Macron’s parents were opposed to her seeing their son, Mrs Macron encouraged the future President to move away and go into higher education. She said: “I was the one who insisted that Emmanuel go to Paris to finish his schooling. “There was nothing between us at that time, but the spiteful gossip was already making the rounds. “My only concern was my children, Sébastien, Laurence, and Tiphaine. Not the rest of the world.”