NBC’s thrilling crime series followed the life of Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) as he teamed up with the FBI to take down the most wanted fugitives. Despite being a firm favourite, fans were surprised to discover which Hollywood A-lister almost replaced Spader.  After premiering in 2013, The Blacklist secured its position as one of the network's must-watch series. Even after season nine came to an end in May, the show’s popularity didn’t falter as episode 17 reached its highest rating yet with 3.1 million live viewers in the US. A major part of The Blacklist’s admiration from fans is the lead character, Red who became a firm favourite as he was manipulative yet charming. Which is why it was a huge surprise when executive producer John Eisendrath and creator Jon Bokenkamp revealed Spader was almost replaced.  READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford In an interview with Collider, Eisendrath revealed he and Bokenkamp struggled to find the perfect actors to play Red and Liz Keen. He recalled: “We looked pretty far and wide for the character of Liz. “Casting is so subjective, but when Megan came in and she did audition it was one of those auditions where, right away, we were like, ‘There is something specific about her.’” Megan Boone was eventually cast as Liz and alongside Red, the two became a dynamic duo throughout the series.  Eisendrath continued: “When you want to cast someone who’s unknown, as a centrepiece of your show, you’ve got to do some lobbying to make sure everybody is okay with that and comfortable with that. “And we really felt comfortable, from the beginning, that she was the right person,” he confirmed. Much like the viewers, the showrunner admitted he couldn’t imagine anyone else portraying Red. “It’s hard for me to believe that he’s never played a master criminal before because he has the ability to be mysterious, dangerous and mischievous, in a way that seems perfectly suited to playing someone where you don’t know whether he’s good or bad.”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Why did Amir Arison leave The Blacklist as Aram Mojtabai? [INSIGHT]The Blacklist season 10 theory: Panabaker takes over the Task Force [THEORY] Eisendrath added: “I feel like we were incredibly lucky, in that James Spader, as an actor, fit so perfectly with the character that was written. “And it was incredibly fun to watch, just to see him become this person that was written.” However, the showrunners also revealed this almost wasn’t the case for Spader, as the role was previously offered to Kiefer Sutherland in 2012. Speaking to Variety Eisendrath revealed Richard Gere, Bryan Cranston and Pierce Brosnan had also been considered.  Despite this, Sutherland was who the bosses truly desired to be cast as Red, due to success in the movies ‘24’ and ‘Designated Survivor.’ However, due to scheduling conflicts, the A-lister wasn’t able to take on the role as he often tours with his band The Kiefer Sutherland Band, whenever he’s away from the screens. Nevertheless, Spader impressed both Eisendrath and Bokenkamp as they disclosed: “I don’t think any of us knew just how good he was going to be. “He’s amazing in it, and it was really fun to watch him just become this person. That was a joy to see.” The Blacklist is available on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 