Gloria Hunniford's daughter Caron Keating died of breast cancer on April 13, 2004, after battling the disease for seven years. During Loose Women on Wednesday afternoon, Gloria looked back at the final days of her life as they paid a heartfelt tribute to Dame Deborah James, who lost her battle with bowel cancer. After listening to a snippet of her final podcast, where she signed off and emotionally wished she had more time, Gloria looked back at the last days she had with her daughter Caron. She commented: "I felt really teary when I heard the news, I think we all felt we knew her because she was so public about it. "I know from my own experience that the family go through a different kind of pain and suffering. "My Caron was the same age, and what I have never been able to understand, because when I looked at Deborah and I saw her so full of attitude and life. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret "Looking so gorgeous and going to Ascot last week and going to Chelsea Flower Show, all of that, and I think where do you get the energy when you are so close to death?" she asked. Gloria continued: "To do that, to dress up, to smile and be amongst people and Caron was the same! "Two and half days before Caron died, she was in Germany shopping and buying this ring which I was lucky enough to be given after she died. "And I thought afterwards, is it because we had known for seven years that she was dealing with cancer? We know that Deb was dealing with it for nearly six. "Yet when it gets near that end of life, where that spirit and attitude comes from is quite revealing, and also you learn from it. Caron became our teacher because of his attitude. "Deborah also, she had an incredible attitude, and her family will be carried forward because of that, and I feel for the family as well, much love to you all." Gloria has always been very open about her daughter's death and often speaks out about the experiences she had when helping her daughter through it. Back in January, Gloria broke down in tears after opening up about how she dealt with her daughter's death. DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford supports Loose Women's Gloria Hunniford after fall [LATEST]Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [WATCH] After discussing the ITV drama Anne, Ruth Langsford mentioned how awful it must have been for the mothers who lost their children during the Hillsborough disaster. Gloria expressed: "For me, it's the worse kind of death you can suffer. I think that when you are pregnant, and you carry that baby for nine months, and you give birth to that baby, and it doesn't matter what age that baby loses his or her life, there's something about the actual physical part of giving birth that I think gives you a deeper loss." "Do you know what I did feel, though? It was a privilege to be there with her at birth and then at the end as well," she added before breaking down in tears. Despite living with the disease, Deborah's death shocked the nation, with thousands sending in their love and support for the family. She was hailed an "inspiration" in a heartfelt tribute during the Prime Ministers' Question's meeting today. The Deputy Prime Minister said: "I know that the thoughts of the whole House will be with the family and friends of Dame Deborah James following the news of her death. "I lost my own father to cancer and know the pain her family will feel. Dame Deborah was an inspiration to so many and raised millions to help others affected by cancer." She raised a staggering £6.7 million for cancer research in the final weeks of her life. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.