News agencies in Russia have quoted Moscow's ministry of defence as having launched a set of exercises. Russia's Pacific Fleet will conduct the operation for a week-long period, it has been reported. More than 40 ships are expected to participate in the exercise. Up to 20 aircraft are also thought to be taking part. The Kremlin has said the exercises will take place from June 3 to 10. They will involve, among other matters, "groups of ships together with naval aviation taking part in search operations for (enemy) submarines". JUST IN: 'Time to act!' Joe Biden calls for ban on assault weapons and age raise for gun purchases However, the exercises will take place while Vladimir Putin's troops continue with their three-month invasion of Ukraine. The exercises in the Pacific are thought to be thousands of kilometres from events in Ukraine. But the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has issued an update on events in Ukraine and even claimed Russia has sustained significant losses. In an intelligence update issued yesterday, the MoD said: "Russia has taken control of most of Sieverodonetsk. READ MORE: Biden hails 'stronger' UK relationship in Jubilee message to Queen despite Brexit concerns "The main road into the Sieverodonetsk pocket likely remains under Ukrainian control but Russia continues to make steady local gains, enabled by a heavy concentration of artillery. "This has not been without cost, and Russian forces have sustained losses in the process. "Crossing the Siverskyy Donets River - which is a natural barrier to its axes of advance – is vital for Russian forces as they secure Luhansk Oblast and prepare to switch focus to Donetsk Oblast. "Potential crossing sites include between Sieverodonetsk and the neighbouring town of Lysychansk; and near recently-captured Lyman. DON'T MISS:Brexit superstars: Patriotic companies fly flag for Britain [REPORT]Brexit Live: Tory MP savaged for suggesting re-joining single market [LIVE]Café shuts as owner complains he 'can't get enough staff' after Brexit [REPORT] "In both locations, the river line likely still remains controlled by Ukrainian forces, who have destroyed existing bridges. "It is likely Russia will need at least a short tactical pause to re-set for opposed river crossings and subsequent attacks further into Donetsk Oblast, where Ukrainian armed forces have prepared defensive positions. "To do so risks losing some of the momentum they have built over the last week."