The tube will be hit with more strike action this week, alongside the Rail, Maritime and Transport Union (RMT) National Rail Strike. During this time, Transport for London advised commuters to "allow more time for your journey", "consider walking or cycling" or even avoid travelling unless it is absolutely essential. The main London Underground strike will take place on Tuesday, June 21, 2022, when about 10,000 workers are antiquated to walk out. This action coincides with the national railway strike set to take place on Tuesday, June 21, Wednesday, June 23 and Friday, June 25, 2022. In a statement, TfL said: "TfL services and national rail will be affected by strikes from Tuesday, June 21 to Sunday, June 26. London-wide strikes affecting Tube and other TfL services on Tuesday, June 21 and services until mid-morning on Wednesday, June 22." READ MORE: Strike chaos worsens as teachers and doctors threaten to join Between Thursday and Sunday, the London Overground and Elizabeth Line will be affected by the national rail strike action. A reduced service on the London Overground and Elizabeth Line, where TfL uses national rail assets, as well as parts of the Tube are expected on Thursday, June 23 and Saturday, June 25. London Overground services will run a reduced service from 7.30am on Thursday, June 23 and Saturday, June 25. Commuters are advised to complete all journeys before 6pm to avoid major disruption. Further disruption is likely to impact the Tube, the Elizabeth Line and the London Overground on Friday, June 24 and Sunday, June 26. DON'T MISS RAF Duxford horror as WW2 plane CRASHES after 'nose-dive' [REPORT]Dad criticises price of school trip amid cost of living crisis [COMMENT]M25 traffic nightmare: Rush-hour hell as lanes BLOCKED  [WARNING] TfL is advising commuters to avoid travelling, if you can, on Tuesday, June 21, 2022. The capital's transport authority added: "If you need to travel, complete your journey before 6pm." On Wednesday, June 22, commuters are advised to avoid using the Tube system before mid-morning. On Wednesday, June 22, Friday, June 24 and Sunday, June 26, people are advised to avoid travelling on the Overground before mid-morning and to check all Tube and Elizabeth line services before travelling TfL said: "If you need to travel, expect severe disruption. Allow more time for your journey. Consider walking or cycling if possible."