The helicopter pilot will be joining the 14 waves of planes and helicopters on display in the skies over London to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Flt Lt Hobkirk said the planning for the display had been going on for months and will conclude with a performance from the Red Arrows six minutes exactly after the start of the flypast. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, he said: "The first aircraft is over the top at 1300, or one o'clock local, which is a Royal Wildcat. "About a minute after that, or exactly a minute after that. "Then the Red Arrows finish it off six minutes after the first aircraft. "Between then and now, I've got a couple of briefings and then we start our aircraft, we mote to Royal Air Force Benson in Oxfordshire where we meet with our helicopters. "And then at midday leave there to route around London to be in position to run down the flypast route to be on time." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan WILL attend Trooping the Colour as Prince Charles stands in for Queen  The flypast will follow the traditional Trooping the Colour parade marking the Queen's official birthday and will fly over Buckingham Palace to give Her Majesty the best view on the display. While she is set to appear on the balcony to see the aircraft and Red Arrows pass through, she will not be taking the salute at Horse Guard Parade due to ongoing mobility issues. Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne will instead inspect the troops and take the salute in Her Majesty's place. They will then join her on the balcony, where most working members of the Royal Family will stand by the Queen for the traditional photo op. READ MORE: Queen bumps Palace staff salary 5% amid crippling cost of living crisis 'Felt appropriate'  An estimated 10 million people plan to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, according to the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS). The Department also said that more than 70,000 'Big Jubilee Lunches' and 200,000 more local events have been planned across the four nations. Many official events will also be collecting money for charities throughout the bank holiday. Across the Commonwealth and the rest of the world, more than 600 Big Jubilee Lunches are planned in around 80 countries - from Greenland to New Zealand. DON'T MISS: Armed police storm London high street after major incident [EXPLAINER]Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal [NEWS]Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [INSIGHT]  The monarch has faced ongoing "episodic mobility problems", stretching back to last autumn, and now uses a walking stick. Her royal physicians are also likely to be close at hand in case needed as the monarch, now just four years away from her 100th birthday, undertakes a busy run of appearances to mark her milestone reign. In recent months, the 96-year-old Queen has cancelled a run of major engagements including the State Opening of Parliament. But in the weeks leading up to her Jubilee celebrations, she has also made surprise visits to open the Elizabeth line and to tour, using a golf buggy, the Chelsea Flower Show.