Type 2 diabetes means the body does not produce enough insulin or the insulin it does produce is not taken up by the cells. The primary role of insulin is to regulate blood sugar levels. Without this mechanism, blood sugar levels rise to dangerous levels. However, you can find alternative means of moderating blood sugar levels, namely diet. The worst culprits are those with a high sugar or carbohydrate content, both of which can cause blood sugar spikes. It may seem simple enough to avoid the worst offenders but there are some hidden health risks. Eating fruit can present a potential pitfall, for example. READ MORE: Type 2 diabetes: Craving three types of food can signal the 'highest' blood sugar levels However, you can find alternative means of moderating blood sugar levels, namely diet. The worst culprits are those with a high sugar or carbohydrate content, both of which can cause blood sugar spikes. It may seem simple enough to avoid the worst offenders but there are some hidden health risks. Eating fruit can present a potential pitfall, for example. DON'T MISS'Women in grip of hair loss pandemic' - expert tips [TIPS]Tom Hanks health: Star ignored diabetes signs [INSIGHT]Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's 'profound' eye issue [INSIGHT] "Fruit is naturally quite high in sugars and fruit will typically have more carbohydrate than non-starchy vegetables," warns Diabetes.co.uk. As the health body points out, some fruits are more sugary than others. "For example, banana and oranges are examples of more sugary fruits whereas berries are examples of less sugary fruits." Given that fruit can be quite sugary, it says to "bear this in mind to prevent blood sugar levels rising too high". It's crucial to remember that there is a difference between being cautious and cutting out healthy items altogether. Along with vegetables, fruit is one of the healthiest food groups and contains an important source of vitamin C which helps to keep the body's cells healthy. The Department of Health advises Britons to consume at least five portions of fruit or vegetables a day. The American Diabetes Associations recommends fruit as a good option if you’re having a dessert. Exercise is also integral to blood sugar control - you should aim for 2.5 hours of activity a week, advises the NHS. "You can be active anywhere as long as what you're doing gets you out of breath," says the health body. This could be: Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: