At his heaviest, Huw Edwards weighed 16.5 stone. The BBC News presenter was battling depression for several years following his father’s death in 2010 and said eating was an emotional way to numb the pain. But in 2017, the broadcaster said he had an epiphany and lost three stone. “By 2016-17, I had put on a lot of weight,” Huw explained. “I felt dreadful. I mean, physically. “It's like a drug. I'd eat when I wasn't hungry. I wasn't doing any fitness. “I was grazing, watching telly and eating stuff, even though I didn't need it,” the Times reported. Huw’s mother had a frank conversation with him and warned Huw that he had ballooned to the same weight as his late father. READ MORE: Dietician's 3 'danger' times slimmers shouldn’t eat during Huw realised he needed to take action. Huw’s wife, Vicky, suggested he take up boxing and running. And with the help of champion boxer Clinton McKenzie, Huw managed to lose an impressive three stone. His mental health significantly improved too. DON'T MISS...Hair removal: Painless ‘magic’ beauty tool for ‘silky smooth skin’ [REACTION]June 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [ASTROLOGER]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [EXCLUSIVE] Huw also explained how Clinton helped him change his diet. He said: “He just says, 'Eat sensibly. If you want a pint or a glass of wine, that's fine. Just don't overdo it and don't eat' – in his words – 'sugary s***.’” As for his exercise regime now, Huw has carried on the boxing. During a conversation with the Daily Mirror, he said: “The boxing training is going pretty well. “I do my boxing two or three times a week. “I do TRX too, but only once a week in the park otherwise people will think I am going completely mad." TRX stands for Total Body Resistance exercises and is a revolutionary workout method that uses your body weight and gravity as resistance to build strength, balance, coordination, flexibility, core and joint stability. It has many benefits, one of which is how it delivers a fast, effective total-body workout. Because you also use one training tool, you can adjust your weight on the fly, and this minimises training time by switching from one exercise to the next in seconds. It also helps build a rock-solid core as every TRX movement requires you to brace and stabilise your abs. TRX is also great for all fitness levels from professional athletes to the elderly.