Manchester United have been 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen, who would prefer to stay in London with Brentford or Tottenham, according to reports. The Red Devils are among a list of clubs to have thrown their hat into the ring for the services of the experienced Dane following his remarkable and miraculous return to action with the Bees in January. After suffering a cardiac arrest at last summer's European Championships, the playmaker has proved he can still operate to the best of his ability at the top level, as he carefully considers his next move. The 30-year-old scored one and assisted four times in 11 outings for Thomas Frank's side to help Brentford to a respectable 13th-place finish. But now he is weighing up whether to leave west London to pursue a new challenge ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. According to The Guardian, Eriksen has decided to turn down a move to United because he would prefer to keep his family in the capital. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer It's believed Brentford and Spurs are therefore the frontrunners for his signature, although Tottenham are yet to make a formal offer. Brentford, meanwhile, are prepared to make the attacking midfielder the highest-paid player in the club's history in order to keep him - although Eriksen is yet to commit to a new deal. Bees boss Frank has revealed he is expecting a decision from Eriksen and his representatives within the next week. “I do not know," he told AS when quizzed on whether Brentford will keep Eriksen. "I know we still have a chance and I hope he will make a decision in two weeks. The agreement is that he will call me and tell me what he wants to do. He hasn’t decided yet.” READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferMan Utd 'make £40m transfer offer for Antony' with agreement anticipated 'very soon'What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn United boss Erik ten Hag had the chance to watch Eriksen up close and personal when he trained with Ajax's B side before signing for Brentford. The Dutchman wants to overhaul his midfield options with the signings of Frenkie de Jong and the Scandinavian, yet it appears he could be facing an uphill battle to land Eriksen. Old Trafford chiefs had been interested in signing Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips but interest in the England duo has cooled. West Ham are looking for upwards of £120m for Rice while Phillips is now on Manchester City's radar. He was seemingly not prepared to join United due to his affiliation to Leeds - a historic rival. Tottenham have not been in contact with Eriksen's agent for over two weeks, sparking doubts as to whether they are prepared to make him a formal contract offer. Spurs recently made Brighton's Yves Bissouma their summer signing and it's understood other positions are currently of priority. Antonio Conte has previously declared his interest in a reunion with Eriksen, who he managed during his time at Inter Milan. The pair were staying in the same hotel at the beginning of the year when they bumped into each other during a chance meeting.