Motorists across the UK have been urged to watch out for fraudsters lurking on Facebook’s Marketplace trying to scam innocent drivers. People looking to buy a car on the social media platform could lose thousands if they fail to do their research before purchasing. Facebook can be a great place for bargains, but there are some risks associated with it. Scammers often target unaware drivers by offering deals that are too good to be true. One prospective car owner from County Clare paid £5,179 for a car that was never delivered. Fraudsters will often ask for a deposit before delivering the car. READ MORE: Major new parking law changes could be delayed after backlash They will then take the money and disappear from the social media platform. A spokesperson from Select Car Leasing said: “Professional scammers posing as private sellers pressure motorists to send a deposit, plus extra for vehicle delivery. “They then take the money and run – so buyers are left without a car and their money. “Scammers have also been known to use Facebook to sell stolen, written-off or financed cars, knowing that there is minimal legal protection once an owner has handed over their cash.” DON'T MISS Fury as petrol hits £2 in parts of the UK [REVEAL] Millions of motorists avoid using car garages [INSIGHT] Car thefts up 30 percent in parts of the UK [SHOCKING] Trading Standards have also previously warned drivers of fraudsters targeting motorists. Martin Thursby, from Dorset Trading Standards, said: "More and more people are putting cars on social media and there are unscrupulous people that take advantage of that. "Things like Facebook make it easier to hide the fact that you're a trader - you can put adverts up on friends' pages or create false identities - and all you need is an email address. "Closed Facebook groups for buying and selling also make it harder to monitor and stop these people. "You can end up buying something and if it all goes wrong you will never find them again, especially if they are clever enough to meet you somewhere away from their home address." The organisation added that those looking to buy a second-hand car should look for traders who are signed up to its Buy With Confidence approval scheme. Members of the scheme are audited by Trading Standards before they are accepted. Action Fraud is another place that drivers can turn to if they are worried that they’ve been scammed. A spokesperson for Action Fraud said: “Criminals will use every opportunity they can to defraud innocent people, including those looking to purchase a new vehicle. “However, we would always recommend that you view the vehicle in person and take it for a test drive before paying any money. “If you're purchasing a vehicle from a website or person you don't know and trust, carry out some research first. Look up reviews of the website or person you're buying from. “If you're purchasing an item from a seller on an online marketplace, you can view the seller's feedback history before going ahead with the purchase to check if they're legitimate. “If you decide to go ahead with the purchase, make sure you choose a payment method that offers you protection, such as a credit card, in case something goes wrong.” If you think you've been a victim of fraud, contact your bank immediately and report it to Action Fraud online at actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040.