Real Madrid could have a transfer warchest of at least £350 million to spend in this summer’s transfer window after missing out on Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland. This could mean bad news for Liverpool in their quest to keep Mohamed Salah as the Champions League winners could use their financial might to force the Anfield side to sell. The La Liga champions had set aside a significant amount of money to sign the generational duo before they opted for other moves. Mbappe will now stay at PSG after extending his contract until 2025 while Haaland is set for a move to the Premier League with Manchester City. According to Goal, Carlo Ancelotti’s side can also rely on a boost to their coffers from their Champions League success while more finances have been freed up by the Spanish giants trimming their running costs. The contracts of high paid players like Marcelo, Gareth Bale and Isco are all also expiring - helping to make around £75 million available. The financial situation could be even further boosted through player sales. Marco Asensio, Luka Jovic and Dani Ceballos are among those who could find themselves flogged in the summer. Los Blancos could also receive a further financial boost of £310m as part of their partnership with Legends and Sixth Street to administer the remodelled commercial interests at the Santiago Bernabeu. With Mbappe and Haaland no longer on the market Madrid will be forced to look elsewhere for transfer targets. This could spell bad news for Liverpool as they seek to keep hold of star-player Mohamed Salah. The Egyptian international has just one year left on his contract at the Anfield side and has been unable to settle on an extension. A strong offer from the Bernabeu may just be enough to convince Liverpool to sell to avoid losing their star asset for nothing next summer. A move to Real Madrid would initially seem unlikely given Salah’s history with the club. A poor challenge from Sergio Ramos in the 2018 Champions League final left the winger with a dislocated shoulder and struggling for fitness for the World Cup. Salah spoke of a need for ‘revenge’ as the teams met each other again in the final this season but the Reds fell to another defeat. However, a move may not be as unexpected as it first appears with respected journalist Miquel Delaney reporting in his Reading the Game newsletter for the Independent that Salah’s dream move is to Madrid. Football expert Julien Laurens has also described a move for the forward as a 'no-brainer' for the Spaniards. It remains improbable that Salah will leave Liverpool in this transfer window. However, Liverpool could be tempted should the right offer come in. There is no team better placed than Real to do that as things stand.