We resent being told what or whom to acknowledge when. We abhor being commanded to be romantic on cue. We bridle at being forced to pay tribute to mothers or fathers just because the rest of the world seems to be oozing schmaltz in a parental direction. Some of us even hold out against St Valentine and save February 14 for our least romantic selves. Will we prepare heart-shaped omelettes for our beloveds? Will we heck! It is a slice of toast and marmalade on the kitchen counter, like it or lump it. Not a soul in the land, however, can feel anything but relief and enthusiasm at the brand new Celebration Day which takes place for the first time on Sunday next. The occasion has been especially conceived to give us all permission to remember our dear departed friends and family members. “Hang on,” I hear you splutter. “I do not need an official licence to recall the wonderful people I have lost. I think about them every day, at sunrise, sunset and all points in between.” You are right. We, the bereaved, weave the dead into the fabric of our lives. Yet, when you think about it, how often do you feel comfortable talking about them in public? Do you find, for example, that when you bring up your late mother in the conversation, as I do, listeners go pink with embarrassment? Dare to allude to the fun or foibles of lost loved ones, and all too often people wince and winch you urgently back to the land of the living. So along with Dame Prue Leith, Richard E Grant and Stephen Fry I am peachy keen on Celebration Day. I want to be encouraged, even applauded for telling a few pithy anecdotes about my mum. I want to talk about my dad’s peccadillos, Grandma Sybil’s chicken soup and Grandma Babs’s story-telling passionately and without fear. Dare to allude to the fun or foibles of lost loved ones, and all too often people wince and winch you urgently back to the land of the living. So along with Dame Prue Leith, Richard E Grant and Stephen Fry I am peachy keen on Celebration Day. I want to be encouraged, even applauded for telling a few pithy anecdotes about my mum. I want to talk about my dad’s peccadillos, Grandma Sybil’s chicken soup and Grandma Babs’s story-telling passionately and without fear. I do not know why or how it has become a fatal faux pas to mention the dead but I do know that I detest the notion. So let Celebration Day dawn. Let us commemorate and giggle, dig out photos, bore the ears off the next generation and have a good old sob into a lace-edged handkerchief. Trying to get a night’s sleep before presenting Radio 2’s Early Breakfast Show is like bedding down before a 4am flight. You can not settle for fear of missing the alarm. You keep jerking awake to check the clock. If you are a woman of a certain age, add a brace of hot flushes into the mix for maximum insomnia. A dozen years of this 3.30am wake-up has played havoc with my circadian rhythms. So I suppose it was not entirely shocking that I hurtled into the studio at 3.50am and was horrified to find it empty. I rang my boss in panic. “What day is it?” he asked. “Monday!” I said. “It’s Sunday, Vanessa,” he said. “Go home. Go to sleep.” With adrenaline coursing through my veins, rattled and slightly shaking, I went home and punched the pillow. Revealing pictures of Kate Moss, below, drawing deeply on a cigarette show the hardy perennial supermodel has not been exempted from those tiny lines that give a crinkly border to smokers’ lips as they age. A combination of kissing and spaghetti-slurping can also result in similar indentations, but for whatever reason, they are not flattering and cause lipstick to “bleed” horribly. What is worse is all treatments are catastrophic. Injecting them with filler results in an unconvincing puffy pout and looks even worse in silhouette. A quick glance at some of our most popular actresses, when blown up on screen, will show you what I mean. So what is a girl to do? Pat crème foundation over the lips then paint on lip line with a good liner, fill in, blot and fill again! And no snogging please, or the whole palaver has to start from scratch.  Father's Day cards this year are schmaltzy, sentimental and brimming with emotion. The usual jokey and joshing beer and golf-based missives seem to have been replaced with photo-uploads and cuddly teddy bears, plus messages of love and appreciation. The reason for this, experts tell us, is “pandemic dad” syndrome: the residual impact of stuck-at-home fathers playing a more active role in family life.  Whatever the reason for it is, I for one welcome the change. It is high time we lavished love and cuddles on the nation’s dads. Those buttoned-up and gritted-teeth wishes are deadly dull, as are the lame dad jokes. Along with the unimaginative gifts of socks and golf balls, they did our fathers an annual injustice. All hail Camilla for telling Vogue where to shove what she marvellously calls “menopausal mauve”. Shooting the Duchess of Cornwall for the magazine, the stylist wondered if she would like to match the wisteria. Camilla made clear her contempt for purple and had her own stylist choose a Bruce Oldfield favourite in classy cobalt from her wardrobe. Should David and Victoria Beckham dress their daughter Harper in a £1,600 ballgown when she is only 10 years old? I know their money pile is so high that it is like a £7.99 Primark cheapie to us. But does it make a difference that she was togged up to go to a Venetian ball with her dad, and is it entirely up to the individual to spend as much or as little on clothes as they feel comfortable with? Frankly they should do whatever makes them feel good. But bear in mind such outfits are usually pricey because of intricate stitchery, artful tailoring and detailed embellishments – none of which a 10-year-old needs to look utterly enchanting.