Jay Blades, star of The Repair Shop, was left illiterate after a traumatising youth involving poverty, rat-infested council flats and subsequent homelessness. However, despite a careers adviser telling him he would "never amount to anything", Jay succeeded on TV - and then a poignant moment of wanting to get close to his daughter inspired him to turn the tables on his past and learn reading. "I’d decided that I wanted to read my daughter a bedtime story," he explained to Zoe Ball on her BBC Radio 2 breakfast show earlier this year. "What better way to do it than document that journey that I’m taking?" Consequently he decided to star in a BBC show, Jay Blades: Learning to Read at 51. He admitted that at first it was "unbelievably difficult" and that he'd had to start from the beginning, learning phonics. READ NOW: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning Jay had set himself the challenge of being able to read a story to his daughter Zola before her 16th birthday - and there was love and pride in his eyes when he finally managed to do it. He spent months learning via Zoom chats with a charity called Read Easy before eventually taking the plunge. "Today’s the day, I finally feel ready to read my daughter a bedtime story," he announced to the world. He then connected to a Zoom chat with Zola, who currently lives in Turkey, and read to her from the children's book Olivia.  "When working I met many men who couldn't read, who found ways to get by – but they never progressed because they were ashamed. "How different life would have been for them," she exclaimed, before declaring Jay's efforts: "open, honest, kind and brave." Meanwhile @Missdemeanour12 praised him for raising awareness about the struggles of learning difficulties. "Thank you for showing that dyslexia is no barrier to success!" she exclaimed. @LisaPatten1 sympathised: "Jay Blades shows how easy it is for someone to slip through the net in education, even now. "To miss out on the escape and joy reading brings is heartbreaking," she continued, before adding: "Hope this show encourages many to ask for help." "I love that there's no ego with Jay and will face any challenge head on despite the odds. I also love that he really wanted to read a story to his daughter and he did, @liam_l96 added. Meanwhile many fans expressed that they were "bawling their eyes out with tears" while watching Jay achieve his milestone in the intensely emotional scenes.