Dragons’ Den star Sara Davies, 38, has paid tribute to Hilary Devey, who also used to work as an investor on the BBC show before Sara joined. Crafter’s Companion mogul Sara said she was “so saddened” to hear Hilary had died on Saturday. In view of her 49.9k followers, Sara, who joined Dragons’ Den in 2019, wrote: “So saddened to hear about the passing of the utterly inspiring, straight talking Hilary Devey. “She was an icon of the Den and the business world, and will be be truly missed. (sic) “My thoughts are with her family and loved ones,” Sara concluded her post, alongside a love heart emoji and a picture of Hilary. Her followers were quick to share in the sentiment. READ MORE: 'Extreme pain' Dirty Dancing star Patrick Swayze's haunting last words Lee replied: “Very Sad indeed. I did not know Hilary personally. However,  what a huge character she was in the Den!” Cubandancer36 added: “Shocked to learn this when I read it on Sunday. Rip Hilary x”. Phil penned: “A wonderful lady and very down to earth a very brief exchange on Twitter discussed shoulder pads, Eurovision and rosy chicken! “One of the worlds best tweeters in my opinion.” Hilary died in Morocco aged 65, following a long and undisclosed illness. She had starred on Dragons’ Den from 2011-2012, after making her fortune launching Pall-Ex, a palletised freight network. Other TV shows she made appearances on included Secret Millionaire, The Business Inspector, and Loose Women. In 2013, Hillary was made a CBE for services to the transport industry and to charity. DON'T MISS...Amanda Holden, 51, stuns fans as she goes braless in all-white outfit [PICTURES]Victoria Beckham stuns as she unveils hidden side to personality [INSIGHT]Robbie Williams slept with drug dealer before first date with Ayda [ADMISSION] Her fellow Dragons’ Den stars have also paid tribute to the much-loved star. Duncan Bannatyne tweeted: “Sad to hear that @HilaryDevey has passed.  So young. Too young. Rest in Peace Hilary.  X” Deborah Meaden wrote: “Very sad to learn that Hilary Devey has passed away at only 65. “She was unique in every way and brought grit and warmth with her into the Den. “My thoughts are with her family and loved ones. RIP Hilary.truly one of a kind.” "So sad to hear of the passing of the lovely Hilary Devey,” added Theo Paphitis. “She left us all with some fantastic memories, may she rest in peace. My thoughts are with her family. x"