Lewis Hamilton fulfilled an unusual request from a fan at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, agreeing to autograph her face. The seven-time F1 world champion has struggled this season and is currently sitting sixth in the driver standings with just 50 points, having reached the podium just once. However, Hamilton remains the biggest star in the sport and adoring fans flocked to meet him at an autograph session ahead of qualifying in Baku. And when one supporter asked Hamilton to sign her face, the Brit dutifully obliged, with the interaction shared on social media by Mercedes. They posted both an image and a video of the moment with the caption: "Not a request we see very often!" During the first practice session in Baku, Hamilton once again struggled with his car porpoising. And the 37-year-old admitted he was left "a bit sore" as a result of the issue, teling Sky Sports: "I'll get by. I'm a bit sore but yeah. We're hitting some serious speeds at the end here and it's bouncing a lot. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes facing 'big decisions' to solve problems "We tried something experimental on my car and it didn't feel that great to be honest. But least we tried it and got some data on it and now we'll go through it. "For tomorrow we'll probably revert back to what we changed. Tyres feel to us like they're working well. No issues. I just can't really tell you, we're 1.6 seconds or 1.3 seconds [behind] or whatever it is, that's a long way away. A lot of it is on the straights." And former F1 world champion Damon Hill believes Mercedes need to "take some big decisions", with the team languishing third in the constructor standings and 101 points behind leaders Red Bull. "It looks like they're trying everything they can think of," Hill told Sky Sports. DON'T MISSDaniel Ricciardo told 'only way' to save McLaren careerMarko fires Pierre Gasly warning after Red Bull extend Perez stayDaniel Ricciardo receives damning Lando Norris verdict from Damon Hill "If you listen to Lewis saying that he tried another experimental set-up yet again, without much success. This is where you start to go, fundamentally have we gone wrong somewhere with our concept? "Then, that's a bit more of a headache because you can't just do that with upgrades, it's difficult to do that with upgrades. They said that they felt like they had a direction in Spain, but it's been lost again. "They need to ask themselves some big questions and take some big decisions, I think."