Alexander Zverev has addressed the "very serious" injury he sustained on Friday which forced him to retire from the French Open semi-final with Rafael Nadal. The world No 3 had been in excellent form throughout the claycourt season and looked on course to reach just his second major final. The 'king of clay' was standing in his way of making it through to the final and the pair were embroiled in an intense match from the outset. Nadal ended up narrowly taking the first set in a tie-break and the second was heading for the same outcome. But just as Nadal won the point on his serve to force another tie-break decider, Zverev cried in pain as he appeared to roll his ankle. The German tennis ace writhed around in agony and his screams silenced the crowd inside Court Philippe-Chatrier. It was immediately clear that the injury was serious and he was unable to walk off the court on his own accord. Zverev ended up needing a wheelchair to bring him back to the medical room to assess his injury further, before returning minutes later on crutches to withdraw from the tournament. JUST IN: Nadal explains why he would 'prefer to lose' French Open final  He was noticeably upset and saddened as he made his way off the court and the French Open later announced he would not be taking part in his post-match media duties due to the injury. But later in the evening, Zverev posted an update on social media where he spoke about the injury he sustained. "A very difficult moment for me today on the court," Zverev said. "Obviously a fantastic match until what happened, happened. DON'T MISS  "It looks like I have a very serious injury. But the medical team and the doctors are still checking on it. We'll keep you updated. We'll let you know as soon as we know more." Zverev went on to wish Nadal well in the final on Sunday, where he will face Casper Ruud. "I want to congratulate Rafa obviously," he added. "Incredible achievement [reaching his] 14th final. Hopefully he can go all the way and make some more history. "But not an easy moment for me today."