After their brief, low-key Platinum Jubilee appearance, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are reportedly hoping for further invitations to accompany the Queen. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made their first public return to the UK over the June bank holiday weekend to mark the Queen’s 70-year reign. Following their pivotal visit, the couple are reportedly hoping to cement the improvements in relationships with the royal family by securing an invite to the Queen’s Scottish bolthole Balmoral Castle. Royal commentator Neil Sean has reported the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are pinning their hopes on a invite to ensure the couple’s “brand stays on track.”     Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: “There could be good news on the horizon apparently because as we know, our wonderful monarch likes to holiday up in one of her favourite homes, Balmoral, up in Scotland. “You go over there and you’re completely cut off from the world and it makes you relax and think good thoughts. “It’s the time of year where our monarch likes to invite members of her family to come and spend time with her, they don’t all come at once, they all come when they’re invited at segregated times. “Even though Harry and Meghan didn’t manage to get that endorsement that they could allegedly need in order to make sure that their brand stays on track across the United States of America, they’re hoping for a holiday invite.”     The Queen traditionally makes the journey north during the summer where she stays for around three months, leaving in September or the beginning of October. Balmoral Castle has served as a historic retreat for the royal family for around 150 years, since the reign of Queen Victoria. The estate typically provides a welcomed period of relaxation for the Queen where she is able to enjoy the summer months surrounded by close members of her royal family. Her 2021 visit served a momentous occasion as the Queen made the trip to Balmoral for the first time since the death of her husband Prince Philip. The couple would typically holiday at the scenic Scottish estate together over the summer period. Read more: Taxpayers 'miffed' with William and Kate's move to Adelaide Cottage Mr Sean explained the invitation bid was "odd in itself" as he had been told "Harry and Meghan were not particularly keen on Balmoral, particularly Meghan.” Regardless of the couple’s personal taste for the Scottish estate, the royal commentator suggested a holiday with the Queen would provide a wise opportunity for the Duke and Duchess to repair their public image. He continued: “It doesn’t matter whether you are related to the most famous woman in the world, if you need to get your brand back on course, particularly with the market that requires it the most – the United States of America – then you may just forgo things those terrible woke things that you always shout about when you’re on a Zoom call or giving a public speech.” Don't miss: Prince Charles whispers 'good luck tree' at every royal planting [INSIGHT]Queen heartbreak: Monarch pulls out of Ascot AGAIN [REPORT]Prince Andrew 'won't be seen much at all' once Charles is King [REVEAL]  Despite the speculation it hasn't been confirmed which members of the royal family will join the Queen at Balmoral Castle. In 2019, when the Duke and Duchess were invited to Balmoral, they declined to visit, explaining that their son Archie, only a newborn at the time, was too young to travel with them. The couple’s youngest child, Lilibet, turned one over the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend meaning, should the family be asked to join the Queen in Scotland,  they may again decline given the age of their children.   