Dorset Police said the “distressing” altercation took place around 3pm yesterday in Poole, a town on the south coast to the west of Bournemouth. An investigating officer stated at present the men’s motive “remains unclear”. Dorset Police have now launched a “full investigation” and are doing “all we can” to identify the perpetrators. The mother was walking down Evering Avenue with her newborn child in a pushchair when she was approached by a white van. Two men then got out of the vehicle, grabbed the pram and attempted to rip the baby from its seat. The mother then kicked out at one of the men, and the two got back into the van. Dorset Police said the baby remained unharmed during the incident. It said one of the men had been described as white, six foot two, of medium build with short, dark brown hair. He is said to have looked in his 30s, wearing a black vest, trousers and trainers. He also had a tattoo on his right hand. The other man was described as also white and six foot two, of medium build with short stubble.  He was also dressed in black clothing, but had a thin silver chain around his neck. Detective Inspector Katie Starkie, of Bournemouth CID, said: “This was understandably a very distressing incident for the mother involved and we have launched a full investigation. “At the moment the motive for these men’s actions remains unclear and we are doing all we can to identify them. “Our enquiries include house-to-house, a review of CCTV footage in the area and forensic work. “I would urge any residents with home CCTV systems or doorbell cameras, as well as any motorists with dashcam who were in the area, to please check their footage for anything that might assist our investigation.” She added: “I appreciate reports of this nature are likely to cause concern for the local community. “There will be an increased police presence in the area as we continue to investigate this incident and officers can be approached by anyone with information or concerns.” Anyone with information is asked to contact Dorset Police via email at 101@dorset.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101, quoting occurrence number 55220092425.