Liz Truss has slapped down an attempt by Labour MP Neil Coyle to question the legality of the UK's plan to have asylum seekers processed in Rwanda. The Foreign Secretary was questioned by the Labour MP during an appearance in front of the Foreign Affairs Committee in Parliament. Ms Truss told the Labour MP: "This is a perfectly legal policy that this Government is pursuing an auger as I'm sure as you're aware, Mr Coyle. The Labour MP asked: "No country has raised concerns with you about the legality of that policy?" "No," defended the Foreign Secretary. "In fact, what has been raised with me by foreign counterparts is wanting to learn from the UK as policy so that they can engage in similar arrangements." JUST IN: Brexit Britain lauded for 'leading the way' on Ukraine crisis  The Foreign Secretary also faced questions about the role of her department in the Rwanda asylum scheme. Ms Truss told that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) was not in charge of the scheme, stressing that the Home Office was leading on oversight of the policy. She said: "My understanding is that would be led by Home Office officials, rather than FCDO officials." "For all of the migration work we do, Home Office officials lead in terms of assessing accommodation."  "We provide diplomatic support, but we wouldn't be providing that type of oversight," she told MPs. Asked if Home Office officials would be managing the scheme on the ground in Kigali, Ms Truss said: "The partnership was signed by the Home Secretary with her counterpart in the Rwandan government." "This is a Home Office policy, which we are working with the Home Office to deliver in Rwanda," she continued. It comes as a total of 153 migrants on four boats were intercepted by the UK authorities on Monday June 27, according to figures released by the MoD. DON'T MISS: Lib Dems call for fuel duty cuts despite policies to hike them [REPORT]By-election thrashings are a wake-up call for PM, says Ann Wills [OPINION]He's great!' Boris backed as he hints at running for a third mandate [REVEAL] And more boats are expected to arrive on Tuesday despite strong winds in the region. The recent crossings bring the total of people reaching the UK so far this year to 12,312 compared to 5,654 by this point in 2021 and 2,449 in 2020. At the weekend, Prime Minister Boris Johnson declined to give a figure by which Channel crossings needed to come down before the Government's Rwanda migrant policy could be declared a success. The first flight to Rwanda, planned for June 14, was cancelled at the last minute following an order from the European Court of Human Rights.