Liverpool are looking to wreck Manchester United’s transfer plans as they have reportedly joined the race to sign Benfica striker Darwin Nunez and Leeds midfielder Kalvin Phillips. The Merseysiders could be set for a busy summer in the transfer market after narrowly missing out on the Premier League and Champions League titles last month. Liverpool enjoyed a remarkable season and were on track to land a historic quadruple up until the final week of the last campaign after winning the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup. But they finished one point behind Premier League champions Manchester City, before succumbing to Real Madrid in the European final. And Reds manager Jurgen Klopp will want to bolster his options before he attempts to win more silverware next time around. According to The Times, Liverpool have concrete interest in Nunez, who is believed to be valued at around £68million. But they are not willing to pay over the odds for him. Nunez was in scintillating form last season and racked-up a remarkable 34 goals in all competitions. Two of those strikes came against Klopp’s team as Benfica were dispatched by the Reds in the Champions League round of 16. The 22-year-old, who has won 10 caps for Uruguay, is reportedly being targeted by United as well. But the Red Devils could miss out on landing him as the player wants to play for a team in the Champions League. READ MORE: Bayern Munich icon sheds light on Lewandowski and Gnabry situation   Meanwhile, Liverpool are negotiating a deal for Leeds ace Phillips, according to Spanish publication SPORT. The Reds have turned their attentions to the 26-year-old after missing out on Barcelona midfielder Gavi, who looks set to commit his future to the Catalan giants. Phillips has been in scintillating form since helping Leeds win promotion to the Premier League two years ago and was a key part of Gareth Southgate’s England midfield during last summer’s Euro 2020 tournament. The player endured a tough season last time around as he was forced to miss three months of action with a hamstring injury. But he returned to the fold for the latter stages of the campaign as he helped his team avoid relegation to the Championship on the last day of the season. DON'T MISS RB Leipzig star Nkunku 'flattered' by Chelsea and Man Utd links Liverpool target Aurelien Tchouameni relaxed on future Man Utd dealt Frenkie de Jong blow as ace 'prefers three rival clubs'   Liverpool would have been able to sign Phillips on the cheap if Leeds dropped out of the top-flight. But they will now have to stump up a hefty fee to prise him away from Elland Road two years before his contract expires. Phillips has been a long-term target for United, who are desperate to rebuild their team under new boss Erik ten Hag. But Liverpool could now be in the driving seat as they can offer the ace the opportunity to play Champions League football. And Klopp will be hoping he can get his hands on both Nunez and Phillips to give his side the best chance of challenging for honours once again next time around.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 