The pundit’s original post issued a climate change warning as Brits have been taking to the outdoors to enjoy the warm weather. He likened the situation to a “tumour” which people choose to ignore.  The Match of the Day commentator posted the message to his 8.5 million followers.  He wrote: “Another heatwave over Europe and elsewhere. Records broken year on year.  “We’re like a cancer patient who knows there’s a tumour, but prefers to ignore it and hopes it goes away, even though it gets larger everyday. #DontLookUp”  In response, @Ollysmithtravel mocked Gary for hypocrisy. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit He wrote: “Qatar emits the third largest amount of carbon dioxide per capita of any country in the world, around eight times as much as the UK. “So I assume you'll be boycotting the World Cup? Gary replied arguing that he is there to report on the world cup and not support the country. He compared the situation to Ukrainian journalists going to Ukraine to report on the war, but not support it.  @SebWhitehouseTV quickly hit back by saying that Gary wasn’t reporting on a war, so his argument was invalid.  He said: “You’re not reporting on a war though, Gary.  “You’re reporting a celebration of Qatar on the global stage.  “Providing the country with wealth, notoriety and fanfare.” DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] Fans also took to the original post with mixed feelings about the tweet. Some were very supportive and sided with Gary and his climate change concerns amid criticism. @Sparky71a said: “Spot on Gary. One of my hobbies is Meteorology. “Once you have a knowledge of how it's been,and what's happening now it's impossible to ignore. “Although we'll probably have some daft t**t come in here and tell you to stick to football.” @Muddy_water92 wrote: “So many sad comments in here. “People not aware of the problems coming and too focused on the short term to look at the long term.” However, others weren’t too keen on hearing the pundit's views on climate change while they were trying to enjoy a rare bit of sunshine hitting the UK. @Funkya1ien wrote: “Think it's called Summer, mate.”