Craig Rowe has helped many house hunters find their dream holiday home since joining A Place in the Sun earlier this year. The expert's property journey began when he was in his early twenties but he had to buy his first home with his sister as it he could not afford anything by himself. Craig recently opened up about the difficulties he faced in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. He explained his parents were a huge influence on him when he was growing up as they were determined to buy a home together in the 1970s. "They really had to scrimp and save and go without loads," he explained. "It was just to get enough money together to get a mortgage." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns He said he felt inspired to buy instead of continuing renting in his twenties as he had seen the difference it made in the quality of his parents' lives. Craig said: "They have a stable home and a landlord can't throw them out - they just have somewhere they can call home." The broadcaster, who has fronted network shows on QVC and appeared on ITV's This Morning, explained he had rented many times before buying his first property. He added: "I guess I've always believed maybe, in my heart, that actually you can buy, it's really good to buy someone which you can call home, which is yours.  "No one can say, 'Right, you've got to be out in a month.'" Craig ended up buying his first property with his younger sister when she was 20 years old. He explained: "I was working at the BBC at the time and my sister was working in the city and like a madman. "I couldn't afford anything by myself and a friend of mine at work said, 'So why don't you buy with your sister?' "So we actually clubbed together and bought our first property together." DON'T MISS...Danni Menzies tickles fans with gymnastics display in skimpy crop top [PICTURES]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton stuns in Corfu snaps [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton sadness after family death [INSIGHT] Craig explained it was from there that his passion for renovating property was ignited. "I kind of got the bug and renovated that place and that's where the journey began," he exclaimed. Moving forward to the present, Craig said he is now in the process of deciding where to move to with his long-term partner Paul. He said he was trying to choose between Bristol, Brighton and Barcelona as they all appealed to them for various reasons.  "We're kind of looking at different options and looking at different properties," he added. However, he did have concerns about having a home in Spain due to Brexit regulations. Craig added: "Obviously with the Brexit rules you can't be there very long, but you can still be there and you could do a few months of the year." A Place in the Sun airs on Channel 4 at 3pm on weekdays. 