Not being remotely interested in racing, I’ve never been before, but an invitation to ITV’s private box was a revelation. Even if your knowledge of horseflesh is zero, it’s pure theatre of the most exhilarating kind. The traffic in Ascot was dreadful, but as we crawled along I had my first glimpse of the British madness that envelops the place each summer. Sensibly, a lot of guests were on foot down the long car-choked road, and the sight of women of all shapes and sizes trudging purposefully along in strappy heels and barmy hats made me feel I’d landed in the middle of a Gilbert & Sullivan operetta. So British, so daft and so endearing. Inside, the atmosphere turned into My Fair Lady. My dears, the outfits, the hats! Surreal and magnificent, but also worn with a hint of insouciance and comic awareness. Ladies knew they were there to be looked at, some to be laughed at, but they loved it; they were having a ball. My own usual struggle with hats continued, as my big ivory number resolutely refused to stay on my head. Once in the box I took it off, the only woman at Ascot happier without a hat. Everyone seemed ridiculously joyful in the scorching sunshine. Happiest of all were the Royals. I vaguely knew they process from nearby Windsor in carriages, but the reality is pure Disney. Right down the middle of the smooth green turf came Charles and Camilla in a beautiful open-top landau, behind them Princess Beatrice, then Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex. There was a rumour that the Queen was coming, but no such luck. Something became massively clear at Ascot. The Royals have a wonderful life. It must be magic waving graciously at adoring crowds from a Cinderella carriage. Any complaints from the privileged likes of Prince Harry are absurd. As for Meghan, an actress, she should be so lucky! What a silly pair. Sticking with the royals (well, it’s summer; let’s ignore the baleful hell of Westminster for a few blessed days) I’m intrigued to learn that William and Kate are moving to the rural haven that is Windsor.Not the castle, not yet, but a picturesque four-bedroom house a stone’s throw away, called Adelaide Cottage. Their aides say they’ll have no live-in staff, their children will go to a local school, and they’ll be close to the Queen.I’m guessing this extremely shrewd move is the brainchild of Kate. Unpretentious and unassuming – that’s how the Cambridges see their way ahead; just them and the kids, close to Granny in a sweet little cottage.Who needs to live in a swanky joint like Kensington Palace?That girl never puts a foot wrong. She has a sure instinct for the Royal Family’s future; modest, more middle class than aristocratic. That’s Kate’s style; she’s absolutely right.