Leeds are reportedly working on two more deals from across the Atlantic which could soon take their summer business up to four new signings. Leeds narrowly avoided relegation from the Premier League with a dramatic win over Brentford on the final day of the season. Jesse Marsch took over from Marcelo Bielsa back in February and had struggled to improve Leeds' position in the league. Now, with a full transfer window to find new recruits, Marsch is looking to make his own stamp on the squad. Brenden Aaronson has already been confirmed as the first signing, joining from Red Bull Salzburg. And Rasmus Kristensen looks set to follow his former team-mate through the door at Elland Road. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed a 'full agreement' is in place for the right-back to make the switch to Leeds in the near future. Leeds forked out £25m to sign Aaronson from the Austrian outfit having worked with Marsch when they were together in Austria. JUST IN: Leeds set two conditions for Raphinha transfer with Barcelona in talks  And last season's relegation survivors aren't messing around in getting their business done early with two more deals in the pipeline. According to 90min, Leeds officials are currently over in the States working on a move for New York City FC's Valentin Castellanos. The 23-year-old has excelled in the MLS, scoring an impressive 23 goals in all competitions last year. He's continued that fine form this campaign with 11 goals in just 17 games and has attracted interest from European clubs. DON'T MISS  New York City FC's parent club, Manchester City, were reportedly offered the chance to sign Castellanos, but turned it down. City have instead 'recommended' the forward to a number of other Premier League clubs, including Leeds. While Leeds appear to be in the driving seat for Castellanos, there is said to be another unnamed 'American-based player' officials are working to sign. The signing of Castellanos would help solve an ongoing issue at the club from the second half of last season where they struggled for goals. Patrick Bamford's injury-ravaged campaign left them light of options in attack with Rodrigo scoring just six goals. But Marsch will also want to improve his defensive options with only Norwich conceding more goals than the 79 Leeds let in last year.