US President Joe Biden has accidentally revealed a cheat sheet prepared by his staff with a series of instructions to "say hello to participants", "YOU take YOUR seat" and "YOU give brief comments". The 79-year-old US President was filmed holding the cheat sheet in a televised meeting with wind industry executives. The panel of GB News’ The Headliners, a late-night review of the morning papers with comedians, made fun of the situation which raises serious questions about Joe Biden’s cognitive abilities to run his country. Comedian and journalist Andrew Doyle started saying: "Biden, Joe Biden, is a competent and cognitively sound leader of the free world. Isn’t that right, Nick? And I’m sure you’re going to endorse…." "Is that satirical content?" asked Nick Dixon. "So, this is Joe Biden accidentally reveals embarrassing cheats notes. "What it is is a series of notes to Biden and it says things like: 'say hello', 'sit down', 'ruin America'.' Under his colleagues' laughter, Nick continued: "It’s stuff like that. My favourite one is: 'you take YOUR seat.' So, all the YOU’s are emphasised, so he knows the person doing the thing. So, it’s him. And there's a great bit that says: 'Liz is joining virtually'. So, he doesn’t try and speak to the person in the room who isn’t there.  "Look, hang on a minute," Mr Dixon interrupted. "We can’t say that this is evidence of cognitive decline. I mean, look, because when you go to these ceremonies, there’s a lot of things to remember, you know? I’m a catholic and I often forget when I’m meant to stand up and stand down in church. I’d love to have a cheat sheet." In a parodic impersonation of the President, GB News' host said with a robotic voice: "Nick is sitting next to you. You must say something funny now. Joe Biden, Joe Biden is a competent leader of the US, and he definitely won the election fairly." "You see?," asked Nick. "It works and everyone is a winner." READ MORE: 'US and UK have to burn' Putin's puppet ramps up threat as he vows Rus  According to Sky News Australia’ presenter Peta Credlin, this is a clear sign of "serious cognition failure. I think it’s extraordinary." Radio broadcaster Luke Grant added: "There is clear decline and to think you need an instruction sheet when you're a foot away from a big button." This episode comes a few months after a medical assessment found the President "healthy, vigorous" and fit for office. Kevin O’Connor, physician to the President, found a benign-appearing polyp but removed it "without difficulty" after the Joe Biden experienced recurrent coughing. It also comes after a string of accidents that cast doubt on the President’s physical and mental ability to lead the United States. DON'T MISS:Brexit: Biden throws down gauntlet over Boris masterstroke [REPORT]Republican Governor blasts Biden for 'weighing in' on hated Protocol [REPORT]US warns unilateral action on Protocol 'not conducive' to trade talks [REPORT] The latest accident seen in public was Joe Biden falling off his bike in his home state of Delaware while he was celebrating his 45th wedding anniversary with his wife, Dr Jill Biden. On his 79th birthday, his physician conducted a routine physical exam and colonoscopy and only noted a "perceptibly stiffer and less fluid" gait following a serious of injuries. He concluded: "President Biden remains a healthy, vigorous, 78-year-old male, who is fit to successfully execute the duties of the Presidency, to include those as Chief Executive, Head of State and Commander in Chief." READ NEXT:Lone kamikaze drone sparks devastating explosion inside Russian borderRussia provokes US by renaming Moscow embassy addressChina able to breeze through Taiwan as US defence exposedChinese jets enter Taiwan airspace after Biden threatUkraine war could become ‘waiting game’ between Russia and Europe