Our supply chain involves a mix of lorries and railways, and if one part of that chain is unable to move, the edifice can easilycome crashing down. We saw recently how green protesterscould destroy the distribution of petrol by blocking just a few roads near refineries. Next week would be much worse and will add to British travellers’ woes in understaffed airports and overpriced petrol stations in the first summer free from Covid restrictions for two years. For anyone of a certain age,the planned strikes are all too reminiscent of the last time we had major industrial unrest, the 1970s. That unrest reached its nadir in the winter of 1978-79, the so-called Winter of Discontent. Britain was brought to its knees by strikes. Union power was out of control – as it had been for many years. N ine years earlier, the then Labour government had attempted to deal with the issue with a White Paper, In Place of Strife. Ironically, the unions were so powerful that they defeated Barbara Castle, the Labour minister for employment who had championed reform. The whirlwind of that defeat was reaped in the 1970s as, first, Edward Heath’s Conservative government of 1970-74 was destroyed by the miners’ strike – and then the Labour government that followed it was also crushed by overmighty unions. It took Mrs Thatcher to restore order with a series of reforms in the 1980s, and a carefully thought-through plan to beat the miners under Arthur Scargill. The British economy – and, of course, ordinary workers – benefited from those reforms, which were a critical component of the rebuilding under Mrs Thatcher and in the decades after.  In the subsequent 40 years, union membership has collapsed from 13.2 million in 1980 to 6.7 million in 2020. For all their power to cause chaos, they are increasingly irrelevant as representative bodies of workers. As that process has accelerated, so some unions became even less concerned with standing up for members’ rights, and more interested in hard-Left politicking. The RMT’s president, Alex Gordon, for example, is a Communist Party member who sits on its executive and political committees and defends Russia’s actions in Ukraine, calling it “a failed state held to ransom by neo-Nazis”. He has been pictured wearing the Ribbon of St George, a symbol of Russian military valour. Indeed the RMT appears to be a Putin fan club, with its assistant general secretary, Eddie Dempsey, a visitor to the Donbas region of Ukraine in 2015 where he was happy to pose for a picture with a pro- Russian separatist commander. He was a signatory to the Stop the War coalition statement attacking Nato’s “disdain for Russian concerns”. As is par for the course these days, the strike is really about politics rather than to right any particular wrong with regard to working conditions or pay. RMT is focused above all with giving the Government a kicking – and with making the point that it can do that while the Labour Party under Sir Keir Starmer simply stands and watches.  Over the past 10 years, train drivers’ median earnings have risen by 39 percent, far more than the national average of 23 percent, or just 15 percent for nurses. The average train driver is paid £59,000 a year compared with £31,000 for nurses and £41,000 for police officers. Objectively, there is no case for any industrial action. As the law now stands, the RMT can bring the country to a halt, however thin its case may be. And it will not be the only union driven by politics that seeks to do this. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has floated the idea of changing the law to allow rail managers to bring in agency workers to plug the gaps left by strikers. That can be done now, without the need for new legislation. All well and good, but it’s not enough. Four decades after Mrs Thatcher’s union reforms, Boris Johnson needs to use his majority to tighten the law to stop workers in key industries from striking merely because they want to. Labour will kick and scream as it is in deep financial hock to its union paymasters. But it is as irrelevant in this respect as it was in the 1980s. It is about time the Government used its huge majority to legislate on an issue that unites almost everyone except those with a vested interest in being opposed. 