Liverpool are prepared to crash right bang in the middle of an ongoing transfer tug-of-war between Manchester United and Manchester City. Barcelona star Gavi is now off the table with Leeds United ace Kalvin Phillips the new top target. Liverpool have turned their backs on pursuing a transfer for Barcelona ace Gavi and have changed course to try and sign Leeds midfielder Phillips. It sets up a huge transfer battle over the Englishman at the top clubs in the Premier League. United's interest in Phillips has been long-stated for several years now - even as far back as when he was plying his trade in the Championship. Since then, it is only fair to say that his price has grown over the last few seasons. It has been a tricky season this year for the 26-year-old with injuries and form but there is no denying the talent that he possesses. Known as the "Yorkshire Pirlo", his distribution of passes is off the charts while his ability to lock down midfield does also not go amiss. For United, that sounds like a dream come true where they are in dire need of a player that could do both jobs. However, the number of hurdles just grew with Liverpool's interest. City have also made Phillips a top target to replace the outgoing Fernandinho, whose contract expires at the Etihad. The Brazilian is set to end his nine-year spell at the club where he is adored. But both clubs will not appreciate Liverpool's interest, who are prepared to walk away from a deal to sign Gavi, report Sport. Contract talks with Barcelona have been far from simple over the last few months and the player and his entourage were left peeved by comments made by the club over the negotiations. However, talks have resumed and all the signs point to Gavi, who scored his first goal for Spain on Sunday night, penning a new contract at Barca. And Liverpool are not prepared to waste any time trying to convince him otherwise, directing their attention to Phillips. It is clear that Jurgen Klopp is keen on more steel to his midfield where Georginio Wijnaldum is yet to be truly replaced. There have also been question marks over Jordan Henderson, who has been dropped on occasion by the German this year. Nevertheless, United and City might have to look elsewhere as whether a Leeds-born player would make the cursed trip to Manchester is, itself, a major problem. While Liverpool might not be a much better route for Yorkshire lads, there are not nearly as many barriers.