Everton have been made aware of transfer target Steven Bergwijn’s price tag, as the Tottenham Hotspur winger has been linked with a move to Goodison Park. Bergwijn has also reportedly been of interest to Ajax, who he left to join Spurs in 2020. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims that Tottenham want around €30million (£25.61m) to let Bergwijn leave this summer. He also said that Ajax “are working on it with an official proposal, still waiting to reach an agreement with Spurs”, and that many clubs are interested in the 24-year-old. The Daily Mail have said that the Dutchman has drawn interest from Everton and Ajax, and that the Dutch champions have had a £17million bid rejected. Bergwijn has made his desire to leave Tottenham very clear, speaking to Dutch media outlet AD he said: “I just need to go play. I want to leave Spurs now, that's for sure. “Is it important that my new club plays in the Champions League? That's not my top priority. It would be nice, but what's important is that I'm going to play. “I wasn't allowed to leave Spurs in the winter and then I didn't have any problems. But for the last few months, I was hardly looked after there. I want to go and play somewhere weekly. It would be nice if there was clarity soon. My situation now has to be different.” Bergwijn made 25 Premier League appearances last season, but only four were starts as the Dutchman scored three goals in 551 minutes. He has started 25 league games in his two and a half years in London, but has remained in the Netherlands national team picture under head coach Louis van Gaal. The former Manchester United manager agrees with his player and believes that he needs to leave Spurs in search of more game time. “I want him (Bergwijn) to go to Ajax as soon as possible”, the 70-year-old admitted. “Tottenham don’t give him enough playing minutes and that is unbelievable when you see his qualities.” Bergwijn will hope to make Holland’s World Cup squad after they were drawn in a group with hosts Qatar, Ecuador and Senegal, and previously said: “A starting spot here? I don’t think so to be honest. It’s a complicated story for me. I don’t play much. Ajax could be an option for me, and a return to The Netherlands could be an option for me. The World Cup is coming.” Since Dejan Kulusevski joined Antonio Conte’s side in January he has formed a strong partnership with Harry Kane and Son Heung-min, with Lucas Moura and Bergwijn forced to settle for cameo appearances as the Italian boss stuck with his preferred options in the second half of the season.