Elaine appeared on today’s episode of Dirty Rotten Scammers on BBC One to tell her story of fraud and get insight into how it actually happened. She had been self-isolating for five months during the start of the pandemic when she was targeted, making her “feel very insecure”.  American-born Elaine has been in the UK for over 21 years, and the pandemic led her to being by herself for months on end. Whilst in this incredibly vulnerable position, she needed to make a bank transfer, and having never really used online banking before she called her bank. Unfortunately, due to Covid and staff shortages, the bank’s call message urged customers to rather use web banking. Elaine shared: “I had set up a web account with HSBC whereby I could do this but I had never activated it.” She officially made her first online banking payment, but the very next day would bring turmoil unbeknownst to her.  She said: “The next day, it was a perfect storm of circumstances. I got this call that said ‘This is BT Internet calling. I see that you made a bank transfer yesterday. I need to let you know that someone has broken your firewall’.” Flustered by the fear of the moment, Elaine went along with everything they said on the phone, noting  “In that moment I was putty in their hands”. Unfortunately, she was not legitimately speaking to BT Internet. The scammers impersonating the company got her to download a variety of apps over a few days on her computer and grant them remote access to her devices.  She believed this was all to help make her accounts secure, and she was emotionally invested in the relationship that had been developing. Elaine said: “I was ready to marry this man. He was patient, he was intelligent, he knew what he was doing and me, a single woman in total isolation for five months, there was no one there sitting in my house listening to this conversation saying ‘Don’t you think we should check this?’.” Over the course of two days the scammers drained her savings of £30,000. Elaine shared that it wasn’t the figure they stole that hit her hardest: “It wasn’t just that amount of money, it was 20 years of savings so that was the impact. “That money wasn’t sitting there because I want to buy a boat , it was sitting there because I pay my bills and my mortgage and my food. “I was really humiliated. I couldn’t sleep at night because I kept hearing the voice of this man in my head because he was on the phone with me for over two days.” Feeling ashamed, it took Elaine over two weeks to tell anyone she had been scammed. She noted: “My sister, she was shocked that it happened to me, she knows how street smart I am. I mean, I was in the Peace Corps. It’s changed me profoundly. I instinctively trust no one.”  Ultimately Elaine was lucky enough to get her money back, but was confused as to how the scammers got her details in the first place as she rarely used the internet. She shared: “I buy airline tickets online, I rarely if ever shop online because I don’t need to, I’m mobile and I can go to a shop. I guess that’s my footprint.” The team of ethical hackers on Dirty Rotten Scammers discovered that Elaine’s information had been involved in multiple data breaches, dating back to 2016. This meant her details had been on offer for scammers for five years. Dirty Rotten Scammers continues tomorrow on BBC One at 10am.