Now eight Metro Mayors across the nation want government funding to help achieve it. It is absolute nonsense. You and I, the British taxpayers, are supposed to pay for this when we can hardly afford anything along the lines of travel, food and heating. And reducing everything to net zero will probably level the world in the wrong direction – down. I’m not a climate denier. The climate hazard will always change and of course we should do everything we can to be kind to the planet. And the big businesses who continue to pollute across the world absolutely need to be controlled. But reducing everything to net zero is not going to help in the near future. The infrastructure just isn’t there. So can the politicians please change the record. Let’s do what we can to help improve things but let’s not put people in a position where they’re just going to have to refuse to obey the rules, because that is the path to anarchy. And please, can we all remember the only money that governments of any persuasion have is ours. Boris is still prime minister, which is the right choice until the general election at least. But who could be the new leader? Priti Patel, Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak are all in the running but also I hear the name Jeremy Hunt mentioned quite often. In fact I hear the name Jeremy Hunt quite often miss- mentioned – if you catch my drift. I once saved Jeremy Hunt’s life: he stepped in front of my car in London with a baby in his arms. But luckily I managed to stop. So I feel I have a right to offer some friendly advice. It might be worth considering a name change Jeremy... After the confidence vote for Boris, let’s hope he now has the bottle to take on the management of the NHS. As a regular patient, I have frequently noticed they are completely useless. There are too many of them trying to make out that they are important, while they are more concerned about their jobs than what they are supposed to be delivering. The Government should have the guts to sort out the NHS. If you talk to anyone who works in it they will tell you it badly needs fast and efficient change. And yes, those who can afford to pay towards their healthcare must be prepared to do it. After all, we don’t mind paying towards the care and maintenance of our cars, do we?  The pro-Moscow rebel “Donetsk People’s Republic” has sentenced two Britons, Sean Pinner and Aiden Aslin, to death for fighting in the Ukrainian army. Boris Johnson has said that he will take this very seriously. I should hope he does. But we know that the Government didn’t seem to have much success with getting Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe released from jail in Iran for several years – including when Boris was Foreign Secretary. So I’m not sure that he, Liz Truss and co are going to have much luck with leaning on the Russians to lean on the Donetsk lot to release the men. Britain and America together should be telling Putin that now it’s time to stop this conflict before it escalates to an all-out war that nobody wants. Shooting these men and their Moroccan comrade Saaudun Brahim would be a breach of the Geneva Convention on POWs. The Russians may be just flexing their muscles, but if they carry out the execution, a line has been crossed. The Scottish Nationalist government says it has put £20million aside for a second independence referendum, which it hopes would happen in 2023. Are the SNP going to continue having referenda until they get the answer they want? Or maybe First Minister Nicola Sturgeon should concentrate on solving all the problems the devolved government already has. Most Scots that I’ve spoken to have no real interest in becoming independent. They realise it will cause an enormous amount of hardship to those living north of the Border. Now Wales seems to be getting more independence-minded, and with Sinn Fein in the ascendant, there are suggestions Northern Ireland might eventually join up with the Irish republic. I think we’re a better, stronger nation staying together. But perhaps we in England should think about a referendum on deciding whether we wish to have the devolved “nations” as part of the union. After the excitement of the Platinum Jubilee, which made this country feel amazing again, let’s hope the politicians don’t let us down. And a little more needs to be said about some of the dopey so-called celebrities like singer and TV personality Stacey Solomon, who, when asked about the Jubilee on Loose Women said she didn’t know what all the fuss was about and wasn’t really sure why everybody was so keen on the Royal Family. She really needs to be given some kind of education when she spouts such ill-informed nonsense. I hate to think what the future is going to be like when most of those people that we see and hear from became famous for being on some kind of reality show – in Stacey’s case X Factor and I’m A Celebrity. Perhaps it will be quite entertaining? Or is it turning life into just one big reality show? I can’t believe NHS England has decided to drop the word “women” from some of its online guidance on ovarian and cervical cancer. Women are 50 per cent of the population. The NHS says this is a bid to make the advice “more inclusive” and that anyone with ovaries, including trans men and non-binary people, can get ovarian cancer. But the number of people who would be offended by the term “women” is incredibly small. Correctness gone decidedly mad! Correctness gone decidedly mad!