To celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, a number of stars took to the stage to perform for the Royal Family at the BBC's Party at the Palace. However, speaking in a new interview about his performance, George Ezra told Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley why he left out the line, "You’d better throw a party on the day that I die", in his song Green Green Grass. "I mean everyone fills in the words themselves but George, why did you leave out the line?" Susanna quizzed. The singer replied: "As you can imagine when you’re playing for the Royal Family, if they say jump, you jump! You don’t question it." "So it was their suggestion," Richard chipped in before George continued: “It certainly wasn’t mine. “My take on it was that it was going to make it more obvious to change it and the thing is, it kind of turned out that way. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen "It’s the thing I get asked about a lot now… I wasn’t going to fight back, was I? “For me, the song is a celebration of life… I would never see it as a funeral manifesto.” On the night, George played his songs Shotgun and Green Green Grass to the audience to celebrate the 96-year-old Queen’s 70 years on the throne. The lyric reads: “Green, green grass, blue, blue sky, you better throw a party on the day that I die,” and was changed to not cause offence. At the time, viewers took to social media to question why the Royal Family didn't ask George to sing a different song. User @HTNantiques asked: "Why didn’t they just ask George Ezra to do a different song instead of editing his lyrics? #partyatthepalace." "George Ezra why choose that song if you aren't going to sing it properly?" user @begoneheathen tweeted. While Georgie Rose added: "They have really screwed over poor George Ezra with this version of his track #partyatthepalace." Ben Prater said: "Genuinely thought George Ezra had forgotten the words to his own song then. #PartyAtThePalace." (sic) DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist  [REACTION]Downton Abbey’s Joanne Froggatt pays tribute to Sherwood co-star [INSIGHT]Soap Awards 'fix' backlash slapped down by Sharon Marshall [VIDEO] George wasn't the only singer to come under fire for his performance on the night. Rod Stewart also confused viewers as to why he sang Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline, instead of one of his chart-topping hits. The Maggie May hitmaker even baffled himself as he admitted to the crowds ahead of his performance: "The BBC made me sing it. Join in and make it comfortable for me." Despite his nerves about singing the song, the crowds cheered and sang along to his performance. Prince William and Prince George were also spotted waving their flags and singing along to Sweet Caroline. However, viewers at home were less than impressed and many took to Twitter to slam the performance. User @MBBrownSF3 quizzed: "What, we get to see only one song from Rod Stewart and it's a cover of Sweet Caroline?!? #PlatinumPartyatthePalace." While Steve Swan tweeted: "So Sir @rodstewart only had one song on the broadcast of the #PlatinumPartyatthePalace and it was a @NeilDiamond song ...Okay then.." (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.