As Russia continues to threaten Ukraine and the West with its terrifying threats of nuclear war, the Pentagon has also made it a priority to develop hypersonic weapons. In a major breakthrough, the US Air Force (USAF) reported on Thursday its 846th Test Squadron at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico was able to retrieve a “sled” which carried a missile which zipped through the air at speed of 6,400 feet per second, or Mach 5.8.  The reusable sled is the rocket’s test platform which slides across a set of rails propelled by rockets. It allows for extreme stress tests on potential hypersonic missile materials. Military officials were stunned the Air Force was able to retrieve the sled given the rocket was travelling at such alarm speeds. According to the USAF, the reusable rocket sled, which was remarkably retrieved after the launch, is set to provide valuable data for the US’ hypersonic weapons development. That method also reportedly offers a cheaper alternative in ground testing compared to developmental flight tests. Lt. Col. Paul Dolce, Commander, 846th Test Squadron (846 TS), said: “What you accomplished marked the fastest recovery of a monorail sled in over 30 years, and the first time we have recovered a planned reusable sled at those speeds ever. “Truly historic in my books.” He added: “This could not have been done without everyone here who works at the track. “These efforts will now setup our future HyTIP (Hypersonic Test and Evaluation Investment Portfolio) runs for success and add a new capability for our hypersonic customers.” READ MORE: How the UK, US and their allies could respond to a nuclear attack Daniel Lopez, a project manager for the HHSTT, said: “Excellent job to the entire team for their hard work and innovation. This just sets the bar that much higher.” This comes as the 846 TS demand for hypersonic weapons testing has reportedly soared. It also comes after the US successfully tested a hypersonic missile back in mid-March. The test was kept under wraps for two weeks, reportedly to avoid sending tensions with Russia skyrocketing. The Hypersonic Air-breathing Weapon Concept (HAWC) was blasted off a B-52 bomber off in the US’ west coast. DON'T MISS Octopus Energy throws UK energy crisis lifeline with plan for NO BILLS [REPORT] When is the next full moon? Exact time and date of June's Full Moon [INSIGHT] Brexit fury: Boris 'stormed out of meeting with EU' [REVEAL] Also in March, Russia's Ministry of Defence said it launched its hypersonic Kinzhal missiles against a military munitions warehouse in western Ukraine. The Kinzhal is considered one of Russia’s six “superweapons”. Another “superweapon”, dubbed “Satan 2” by NATO, was tested in a launch from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in Russia on April 30. It is capable of carrying up to 10 warheads at once and can travel at a speed 15,880mph. Now, it is readying for another launch to the Kura missile test range in a second test. Tourists and residents in Russia’s Kamchatka region have been warned the launch will take place between June 6 and 10.