Linda Fairhall, 62, had an unblemished 40-year career with the NHS but, when she flagged concerns about patient safety, she was suspended for 18 months and then dismissed. The mother of two was "absolutely devastated" by the effect it had on her life and appealed against the decision. Ms Fairhall, who oversaw a team of around 50 district nurses at North Tees and Hartlepool NHS trust, won her appeal and was last week awarded £462,000 - what is believed to be a record award for lost salary and remedies. The mum told Daily Mirror she felt "vindicated" by the ruling. "I want other nurses to know you can speak out. The law does protect you," Ms Fairhall said. The nurse, whose partner died of a heart attack during her suspension, started employment with the NHS trust in 1979 and worked her way up to become a clinical care coordinator by 2008. She was commended by the Care Quality Commission for her quality of care and leadership skills in 2015. But, just one year later, the mum raised concerns over a new requirement for district nurses to monitor patients’ prescriptions and reported 13 matters alleging that the health or safety of patients and staff was being or was likely to be put at risk.  Ms Fairhall, from Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham, expressed the view a patient's death could have been prevented in 2016 had her earlier concerns been addressed. And later in the month, she told the trust’s care group director Julie Parks that she wished to instigate the formal whistle-blowing procedure. But this ultimately led to her sacking. "I have been utterly humiliated, my life has been left in chaos and my professional integrity has been questioned leaving my reputation irreparably damaged," she said. "I am devastated that after almost 40 years in a career I have been passionate about, and working in an organisation that I have always been proud to be part of, that I am left in this situation. "As a result of the impact on my physical and mental health it has been necessary to allow my professional registration to lapse and come to terms and grieve for the loss of my career." A spokesperson said the trust has "continued to learn lessons and implement processes that impact positive change".