Wrexham co-owner and Hollywood movie star Rob McElhenney has joked that the National League outfit will attempt to lure Gareth Bale to the Racecourse Ground after the Wales captain revealed his retirement plans have been put on hold. Bale made the declaration shortly after inspiring his nation to a first World Cup in 64 years with a 1-0 play-off win over Ukraine on Sunday.  The 32-year-old was the Welsh hero once again as his fizzed free-kick was headed into his own net by West Ham's Andriy Yarmolenko to send the Dragons to Qatar at Ukraine's expense. In the wake of helping his country to a first World Cup since 1958, Bale then confirmed he will postpone rumoured plans to retire. Wrexham's McElhenney promptly took to Twitter following the proclamation to express an interest in snapping up the soon-to-be free agent, who has confirmed he will depart Real Madrid after nine trophy-laden years in the Spanish capital this summer. Responding to a post speculating over the Welsh captain's next club, McElhenney replied: "I have a few ideas." Following Wales' historic success, when asked by Sky Sports reporter Geraint Hughes if his retirement will be postponed, Bale replied: "For a little bit." It seems Wrexham aren't the only ones keen on the Welsh winger though. READ MORE: Arsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject after cut-throat Xavi call  Speaking ahead of Wales' World Cup play-off with Ukraine, Bale, who has previously toyed with the idea of hanging up his boots had his nation failed to qualify for Qatar, admitted he has "loads" of offers on the table. A third spell with Tottenham has been touted while hometown club Cardiff City have also been heavily linked. Bale's agent Jonathan Barnett previously played down talk of his client calling time on his career, saying: "We have not discussed anything yet. Once we know Wales' situation with the World Cup, we will discuss it then." READ MOREMan Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transferPau Torres picks between Man Utd and Tottenham transfer as 'both clubs offer £45mLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting  Shortly after Sunday's success over Ukraine, Bale added the result was the greatest in his nation's footballing history. He declared: "It's the greatest result in history for Welsh football. It means everything. It's what dreams are made of. I'm speechless because I'm so happy. Words can't describe how we feel at the moment." The triumph means Wales will join neighbours England in the Qatar finals later this year with the pair set to face off on 29 November. Iran and the United States make up the other two teams in Group B. 