Royal Ascot is the perfect opportunity to go all out, and this year's guests have done just that. The festivities kicked off this morning. When it comes to the ladies' dress code, the official Royal Ascot website stated: "A hat, headpiece or fascinator should be worn at all times." However, fascinators are not permitted in the Royal Enclosure. One racegoer stole the show in a huge silver hat, adorned with feathers in the same colour. She paired this with a silver shawl and wore her hair in a low twist. READ MORE: Kate & Meghan step out in same Zarita dress years apart - pictures Another quirky hat on display was an enormous butter yellow and black feathered number, paired with a pale yellow dress and black gloves. Another wore an eccentric blue and red cartwheel hat decorated in red flowers. Two ladies waiting for the event together both dazzled in their titfers. One opted for a white and black swirly hat, paired with a black and while polkadot dress. The other went for a vibrant blue fascinator, equipped with netting, sequins and feathers. She paired this with a smart jacket in the same colour. Another racegoer was pretty in pink in a pale dress. But the statement piece of her ensemble was certainly her gorgeous fuchsia fascinator which boasted many tiny flowers. She accessorised this with a gold bag and chunky gold chain bracelet. A second lady turned heads in an extravagant wide-brimmed fuchsia hat generously decorated in feathers. Another wowed in a huge blue fascinator. It boasted two large blue flowers and an array of white feathers. She coordinated this with a blue and white dress, and blue drop earrings. Blue was out in full force with another racegoer donning a huge blue, white and red fascinator. She matched this with a funky pair of Union Jack sunglasses. One guest channelled Audrey Hepburn in a white and black polkadot dress. She wore a decorative white fascinator with swirls, and a pair of green heeled pumps. One of the most show-stopping pieces was a beige hat covered in brightly coloured flowers and butterflies. Another was classic in a pale pink hat, striking pink jacket and huge statement pearl necklace. The chic sunglasses were also out for this beautiful sunny day.