Darcey Bussell has remembered a surprising confession from the Queen from her time on stage at the Royal Ballet. While speaking to Maureen Lipman and Kirsty Young on the BBC before Friday’s Thanksgiving service, the former Strictly Come Dancing star revealed the monarch wasn’t a huge fan of her particular style of dance. The retired ballerina confirmed she always loved meeting the Queen, even if she wasn’t a fan of her ballet performances. Speaking to Kirsty on Friday, she said: “She’s been part of the performance for me. “Having her come to so many of our shows to support us, to create awareness for the dance world has been incredible. “And incredibly warm about it, always. Always very personal about her experiences and everything. We’ve been very fortunate.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret Kirsty asked Darcey if the Queen actually enjoyed the ballet, to which she laughed: “No, no! No.” Despite attending plenty of performances over the decades, apparently, the ballet is low on Her Majesty’s list of favourite pastimes. Darcey continued: "She’s been very frank with me, and I respect her so much that she can be that open and say, ‘You know, it’s not my most favourite, but at least I see a lot in one go so I don’t have to come back'." The Queen’s favourite hobbies include horse riding and stamp collecting, but she has attended some of the best performances the UK has to offer over the years. Despite seeing one of Britain’s most acclaimed dancers perform on several occasions, ballet still hasn’t jumped up the rankings. Darcey also revealed another traditional style of performance which has remained elusive to the Queen. “There was one gala where we had the opera and the ballet,” she recalled. “It was a big event. She said to me, ‘I think I’ve seen enough ballet and opera for the whole year!’ “I said, ‘I think you’re right, we had everything!’” DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and dad’s relationship has ‘come to an end’ [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles [INTERVIEW]Kate Middleton tells off Louis in heartwarming moment during Jubilee [VIDEO] “I said, ‘I think you’re right, we had everything!’” Thankfully, Darcey confirmed the Queen was a fan of Strictly when Coronation Street star Maureen inquired. Although she wasn’t sure if Her Majesty votes in the ballroom competition, Darcey said: “Yes, I think she likes Strictly.” “I don’t know if she votes, but she does dance. She loves a good dance.” The presenters went on to discuss the Queen’s famous dance with Ghana president Kwame Nkrumah, one of the most iconic meetings in Commonwealth history. The Queen won’t have to watch any ballet over the course of the Jubilee weekend, but there will be plenty of performances from some of the UK’s most legendary musicians at the concert on Saturday. The Platinum Jubilee is available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.