Tonight, Boy George, 60, features in a programme about queer musical icons from the last 60 years. The former Culture Club frontman is one of the artists profiled in ‘LGBTQ+ Hits at the BBC’ on BBC Two. The singer is known for his hits with the Eighties pop group such as ‘Karma Chameleon’ and ‘Do You Really Want to Hurt Me’. Boy George’s music, sexuality and androgynous appearance saw him emerge as an LGBTQ icon at a time when being gay was still a taboo subject. Joining him in the documentary tonight is a spectrum of artists ranging from George Michael, Freddie Mercury and Barry Manilow to Beth Ditto, MNEK and Lil Nas X. Recently, Boy George has been keeping up with the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, posting about the historic royal milestone on his Twitter account. However, despite paying tribute to Her Majesty, he once snubbed the monarch after she made a significant gesture to the singer. Back in 2010, the musician was asked by Absolute Radio’s Geoff Lloyd if he had ever been approached for an OBE or Knighthood and admitted he “regretted” rejecting the Queen. He replied: “I was asked a few years ago whether I would take one and I kind of said no, but I think if I was asked again, I would say yes now. JUST IN: 'Excessive pressure' Prince Harry tipped for Megxit U-turn – Firm 'going to need him back' “I was a bit belligerent at that point, and my mom was so upset.” The singer said at the time that he had not met the Queen but did mention his interactions with other royals, such as Diana, Princess of Wales and Princess Margaret. He said: “I met Margaret when she was alive, and I met Diana a few times, who was adorable, very sweet, but never met the Queen. “I would love to meet the Queen. I'd take my mom to Buckingham Palace. “Now that I've grown up a bit my mom would love to go for the day, you know.” Boy George’s interest in the Royal Family was on show during the Jubilee as he paid tribute to the Queen with a humorous tweet. He posted a picture of the monarch on the Buckingham Palace balcony with her great-grandson Prince Louis, who can be seen screaming. George captioned the snap, taken during the Trooping the Colour celebrations, “How to be iconic.” George also featured in the BBC’s recent documentary ‘The Queen: 70 Glorious Years’, released ahead of the Jubilee. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle and Harry 'were 50 minutes late' not to be 'lumped with never-was' royals [LATEST]Princess Alexandra given 'significant' honour from Queen while Margaret brutally snubbed [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [ANALYSIS] In the programme, he recalled how he ended up watching Prince William and Kate Middleton’s wedding in 2011, despite initially not being bothered by the event. The Culture Club singer told the show: “Oh, I watched the whole day – the whole day. “I wasn't going to watch. I wasn't interested, and then I was just like glued.” George has also laid bare his thoughts on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepping away from their royal roles. In a tweet last year, the singer used a musical analogy as he commented on the couple’s new lives in the US. He wrote: “Meghan is pushing her brand. It's like The Goombay Dance Band against Bowie! Lol!” ‘LGBTQ+ Hits at the BBC’ airs on BBC Two tonight from 8pm.