Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield predicts the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will release a snap of their daughter meeting her namesake great-grandmother even if the tot's face is hidden. It comes as Harry and Meghan, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, have returned to Britain with their children Archie, three, and Lili, who turns one on Saturday, for the Jubilee celebrations. Ms Schofield, founder of the To Di For Daily website and podcast, told Express.co.uk: "Yes, I believe we will see a photo of the Queen and Lili. "Even if it’s a photo from behind or her face is shielded by a bouquet of flowers on a table. I think we will see something." Harry and Meghan's daughter Lili is likely to see the Queen on her first birthday. There is even speculation that she could be christened while she is in the UK. It will be the first time Lili, who was born in the US, has met the Queen in person. And fans would no doubt be delighted to see a new picture of Harry and Meghan's little girl. So far, the Sussexes have only shared one snap of the tot which was their 2021 Christmas card. Early photos the couple released of her brother Archie showed his feet and the youngster from behind. Harry and Meghan's trip to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee is the first time they have travelled back with their two children since Megxit. Speculation had been high over whether the couple would join the royals for the festivities before their attendance was confirmed last month. The four-day bank holiday Jubilee celebrations kick off today with Trooping the Colour. The Sussexes are attending the military ceremony but they will not appear on Buckingham Palace's balcony as the Queen has limited the moment to working royals only. They are expected to join the Royal Family for the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in central London on Friday. Other Jubilee events Harry and Meghan could attend include the BBC's Party at the Palace on Saturday. There is also the finale which is the Jubilee Pageant through the streets of the capital on Sunday. It is hoped that the nation's longest-reigning monarch will make a second appearance on the balcony of her London residence following the procession. Harry and Meghan's return to the UK comes as a new poll shows their popularity has sunk to a record low. Nearly two thirds of Britons - 63 percent - hold a negative view of the couple, according to the YouGov survey on the favourability of members of the Royal Family. 