Leeds are set to step up their transfer plans as Raphinha closes in on a move to Arsenal. The Brazilian looks increasingly likely to leave Elland Road for the Gunners, having played a crucial role in keeping the Whites in the Premier League last season. His performances for Jesse Marsch's men have seen him attract a wide variety of interest. One of those clubs is Arsenal, who Goal Spain claim are 'very close' to completing a move for the winger as Mikel Arteta looks to boost his attacking options.. Barcelona and Tottenham are also keen on the 25-year-old but have slipped behind Arsenal in the race to sign him. According to the report, Raphinha will not wait for Barca to stump up the money that will convince Leeds to sell. Arsenal are ready to pay the £43million asking price, which will give Marsch a large transfer kitty to spend. Marsch will needs to replace Raphinha as well as possibly Kalvin Phillips, and here Daily Express Sport looks at four potential players they could buy. READ MORE: Arsenal stance on completing Raphinha transfer as Leeds play hardball Noa Lang The Club Brugge winger has starred in Belgium since moving there from Ajax two years ago. Lang is believed to be Marsch's top target to replace Raphinha, having seen him play a key role as Brugge defeated his RB Leipzig side in the Champions League group stages last season. Rabbi Matondo If a move for Lang is unsuccessful, then the Telegraph claim that Marsch will turn his attention to Rabbi Matondo. The former Manchester City star also impressed in the Belgian top-flight last term and has unfinished business in England, having left Manchester City's academy for Schalke in 2019 in search of playing time. DON'T MISS: Arsenal could beat Barcelona to Raphinha despite 'full agreement' (NEWS)PSG rival Man City for Kalvin Phillips transfer as 'enquiries' made (TRANSFERS)Leeds United's Raphinha 'open to everything' as Arsenal show interest (INSIGHT) Romeo Lavia The City and Belgium connection continues with midfield target Romeo Lavia, who is currently in the academy set up at the Etihad Stadium. Lavia would serve as a replacement for Phillips, with the Belgian Under-21 international mainly deployed as a defensive midfielder. Arnaud Kalimuendo Goals were a major problem for Leeds last season amid injury problems for Patrick Bamford. And they could look to relieve the pressure on the Englishman with a move for Lens forward Arnaud Kalimeundo, who is thought to be avaliable for around £17m.