Tim Henman has named the one area Emma Raducanu may need to improve if she has a chance of upsetting Iga Swiatek and winning at Wimbledon this year. The 19-year-old Brit faces a tough first-round clash with grass court specialist Alison Van Uytvanck and has had limited preparation ahead of Wimbledon due to a side injury she picked up at the Nottingham Open. “When you look at the three elements, technical, physical and mental, her tennis game is outstanding,” Henman explained Raducanu’s game to the BBC. “We have seen the way she has played and mentally to deal with the three weeks in New York, to get to the final stage and win, you are in no doubt about the mental capacity. “It’s the physical element that she just hasn’t had the opportunity to build up and when you look at her results this year, the matches she has been losing have been because of that physicality and that lack of robustness. “It has been challenging for her the past three weeks to have this injury, she hasn’t really been able to play any matches. The practice has been a little bit restricted so I really hope she can get out there, first match on centre court, to be fit to compete and to enjoy the atmosphere because it will be really special out there.” DON'T MISS: Wimbledon 2022 LIVE: 'Never again!' Tennis fans rage at 'backwards, embarrassing' queues Belgian Van Uytvanck will hope to end Raducanu’s tournament at the first stage, but the teenager is expecting her opponents to raise their game to face her and insists that she is prepared for that. “Everyone knows me now, everyone wants to beat me and I sort of take that as a compliment,” Raducanu said. “If players are raising their game against me, I have to raise my level too.”  Raducanu has been without a permanent coach since parting ways with Torben Beltz in April this year, but there has been praise for her “invisible mentor” Jane O’Donoghue, the US Open champion’s childhood coach. O'Donoghue's former doubles partner Claire Curran insists that “Jane’s never not been on Emma’s team.” She told The Telegraph: "She’s always been an invisible mentor to Emma, she’s a friend of the family. So even though she’s not been on the scene in the last three-and-a-half years, she’s very much been part of Emma’s inner circle. "Back in 2018, Jane told me, ‘Emma’s always going to be the one changing direction, on the front foot, dictating play’. She had a really clear understanding of the way Emma was going to build this way of playing. At the US Open, she beat people on the front foot, changing direction - that’s the game they created together.”