There are growing fears of a Covid outbreak in the men's singles draw with Matteo Berrettini, the second-seeded player, withdrawing after testing positive for Covid. And now there could be some concerns about Rafael Nadal after the Spaniard was pictured with the Italian after hitting with him last week in the lead-up to the tournament. The withdrawal of Berrettini, who reached the final at Wimbledon last year, was confirmed on Tuesday morning. In a statement, the Italian said: "I am heartbroken to announce that I need to withdraw from @wimbledon due to a positive COVID-19 test result. I have had flu symptoms and been isolating the last few days. Despite symptoms not being severe, I decided it was important to take another test this morning to protect the health and safety of my fellow competitors and everyone else involved in the tournament. "I have no words to describe the extreme disappointment I feel. The dream is over for this year, but I will be back stronger. Thank you for the support." Berrettini is the second player to withdraw with Covid after Marin Cilic pulled out at the eleventh hour on Monday following a positive test. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios accuses Wimbledon crowd of 'racial slurs' as tempers flare in Paul Jubb game  And now there are some concerns more players could start to withdraw amid fears of a Covid outbreak. Berrettini's positive test has sparked worries for Nadal in particular, given the pair made history last week by becoming the first players to practice on Centre Court before Wimbledon. Nadal was also seen pictured posing with Berrettini for pictures after the session. In an Instagram post, the Italian captioned the pictures: "First ever pre-tournament player practice on Centre Court at @wimbledon. @rafaelnadal always a pleasure." AELTC said in a statement following Berrettini's withdrawal: "As a major event we have and continue to work in conjunction with the UK Public Health Security Agency and our Local Authority. DON'T MISS Rafael Nadal's rivals 'tired' of his antics as John McEnroe calls out Wimbledon star Venus Williams requests last minute Wimbledon wildcard to team up with Jamie Murray Wimbledon LIVE: NOT an option! Djokovic blasts Covid jab as two top players test POSITIVE "We have maintained enhanced cleaning and hand sanitising operations, and offer full medical support for anyone feeling unwell. We are following UK guidance around assessment and isolation of any potential infectious disease.  Our player medical team also continue to wear face masks for any consultation." Nadal, meanwhile, is feeling confident ahead of his opening Wimbledon match and revealed he is feeling no pain in his foot just a month after having to injections to get through the French Open final. The Spaniard received treatment on his foot ahead of the tournament and said: "There are a couple of things that are so important. First of all I can walk normally most of the days. When I wake up I do not have this pain I have been having for the last year and a half. 