The couple landed in Gibraltar on Tuesday evening, following the four days of public celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The visit, from June 7 until June 9, forms part of the celebrations after the extended UK bank holiday weekend. The Earl and Countess's visit was partly dedicated to watching the Royal Gibraltar Regiment display its new colours for the Queen’s Birthday Parade in the British Overseas Territory. They chatted animately and posed for photos with well-wishers in Gibraltar on the first day of their visit. But their arrival was not all smooth sailing, as the Wessexes’ plane was forced to return to Heathrow Airport shortly after departing for Gibraltar. The royal couple’s British Airways flight returned to London due to “technical issues”. The BA490 flight landed in Gibraltar almost five hours late. A British Airways spokesperson called the quick return to London a “precaution”. They said: “Our pilots decided to return to Heathrow as a precaution due to a minor technical issue, and the aircraft landed normally. “The issue has now been fixed and the aircraft is due to depart again shortly. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry release emotional statement over Lilibet “We’d like to thank customers for their patience and understanding.” A statement from the Covent in Gibraltar described how the “Earl and Countess of Wessex’s arrival in Gibraltar has been delayed slightly, after their flight was diverted safely back to the UK due to a technical issue”. It continued that “alternative arrangements” had been made for the royals’ arrival later on Tuesday. The couple was met at the airport by Gibraltarian Chief Minister, Fabian Picardo, and Governor Sir David Steel. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William and Harry IGNORED each other at Jubilee [LIVE] Meghan and Harry 'absolutely’ deserved to be booed [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [VOTE] They then visited Gibraltar's RAF base, meeting the Commander of the British Forces in Gibraltar, Steve Dainton, and the regiment commander Lt Col Simon Dyson. Last month, the Spanish government “expressed its unease” at the planned visit, with the foreign ministry adding the trip was “not appropriate”. Madrid claims The Rock as part of Spanish territory, with Brexit border talks a thorny issue between the central Spanish government and the UK. But as the Queen’s son and daughter-in-law arrived in Gibraltar, the monarch, 96, issued a statement in which she wished The Rock “future happiness and prosperity”. The message from Windsor Castle related how the Queen “watched Gibraltar prosper as a multi-cultural and multi-faith community, proud of its rich history while dynamic and forward-looking”. The sovereign said she was “pleased to reaffirm the close ties” between “the Crown and the people of Gibraltar”. The Earl and Countess's trip follows their brief visit to Northern Ireland over the weekend, where they were greeted by crowds in Bangor and Belfast. Earlier this year, their royal tour in honour of the Jubilee to the Caribbean saw a number of protests break out across the islands they touched down on. The couple visited Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent & the Grenadines, and Antigua and Barbuda, after a similar trip to the region by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.