Hot flushes, hormonal changes and increased sensitivity are just some of the symptoms many women experience with menopause - but it can also cause chaos for your skin. Skincare expert Caroline Hirons explained how a simple skincare routine involving “cooling and cleansing, misting and applying oil” can help the skin adapt to the change. During an appearance on This Morning, Caroline spoke about several side effects that menopause has on the skin, from puffiness to redness, dryness and feeling hot. “This is a cryo-ball which you keep in the freezer, take out of the freezer - it’s great for de-puffing,” she said. “If you are hot, you just roll it on - it is blissful - anywhere you have heat or flushing. “And also, because it's frozen, the bacteria won’t live on it.” READ MORE: Beauty fans praise £10 Miracle Cream results ‘Younger & firmer skin' The particular cryo-ball Caroline showcased was The Teresa Tarmey Cryo-Ball Cryotherapy Kit which is priced at £169. She commented: “It is an investment, but if you are permanently too hot, then this is the way to go. “If you want something more affordable and quicker, that you can keep on you, there are plenty of face mists out there. “The key is to buy one with glycerin, aloe vera or hyaluronic acid, so it’s not just a water spray - water sprays will just dehydrate your skin.” DON'T MISS...How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE]Cleaning tips: Correct way to clean toilet limescale - avoid 2p trick [EXCLUSIVE]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [GUIDE] Caroline recommended the Glossier Soothing Face Mist, priced at £13. “It doesn’t dislodge your makeup - you can keep it in the fridge - anything to keep the heat down. “With menopausal skin, you generally get hot, get hormonal acne or you go quite dry and you can get a broken skin barrier and you can be quite itchy,” she explained. “Another tip is to spray it on the back of your neck and on your wrists for the instant cooling effect. “If you find your skin really dry, just go for a really affordable, lightweight oil,” Caroline said. She spoke about The Ordinary’s 100 percent Plant-Derived Squalane, which is priced at £5.50. “If you find your skin is suffering, tight when you wash your face, constantly going red - don’t be afraid to use an oil on your skin,” Caroline said. “Two drops max, and if you do it under your makeup you get that glow back, and the glow is natural, it’s not from sweating.” In terms of all over body skincare, Caroline recommended CeraVe’s Facial Moisturising Lotion, priced at £15. “It is a pharmacy brand that is brilliant for dry skin, really dry skin, eczema,” she explained. Caroline specifically said it is great to target “elbows and ankles” when moisturising “because when you’re menopausal your skin is that much drier”. “If your skin is dry, flaky and itchy, and you get what we commonly refer to as chicken skin, it’s when your skin is bumpy,” then this is the moisturiser to use.