Sebastian Vettel’s retirement rumours have been squashed by Aston Martin team principal Mike Krack. The new boss claims Vettel’s body language still suggests he wants to drive in F1 despite the difficulties the German has faced at the team. Vettel had a horrific start to the new campaign, missing the first two races after contracting coronavirus and crashing out of his return in Australia. Since then, the German has only won five points this season as his torrid run continues. However, he has still managed to outscore team-mate Lance Stroll who has picked up just two points across all seven races. Speaking to n-tv, Krack said: “If you see him in a debrief or on the phone, the way he gets involved – nobody drives like that who doesn’t want to drive. “Nobody acts like that who doesn’t want to drive. It was a top performance from the first lap onwards. When you have someone like Sebastian, you have to try to keep him. It’s a mixture of extreme driving quality, experience and a very positive person who helps us progress.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen can break Vettel Red Bull record at Azerbaijan GP Vettel’s current Aston Martin deal runs out at the end of this season and some have claimed it is unlikely the German will sign a new contract. Timo Glock has previously said it is likely Vettel will ‘lose patience’ driving around near the back of the grid. Ex-Minardi boss Giancarlo Minardi also warned Vettel will ‘never win again’ and ‘should retire’. Ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix, former Williams driver Ralf Schumacher told Mopo.de: “I don't think Sebastian will drive at Aston Martin beyond the year. This went in the wrong direction. “My prognosis is that he will retire at the end of the year and devote himself to all the environmental issues that are very important to him.” DON'T MISSVettel leaps to Schumacher's defence after big F1 crash at Monaco GP [INSIGHT]Sebastian Vettel asked 'droll' question amid Aston Martin claims [ANALYSIS]Aston Martin boss addresses Sebastian Vettel retirement warnings  [COMMENT] Schumacher added that he ‘doubts’ Vettel will get the chance to drive for another team in F1 as he is not part of the ‘future’. Haas star and Ralf’s nephew Mick Schumacher has been tipped to join Aston Martin if Vettel retires at the end of the season. However, Krack failed to confirm whether they are interested in the young German star, claiming the team’s priority is to continue with Vettel. He explained: “We clearly have our way that we want to continue with Sebastian. We'll see about everything else at a later date."