Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward are in Cyprus and were seen continuing celebrations for the Queen’s birthday and the Platinum Jubilee. The reception on Monday night was hosted by the group UK in Cyprus and was attended by members of the British Cypriot community. Monday’s reception was at the High Commissioner of the United Kingdom's residence in the capital Nicosia.  Sophie looked mesmerising in an outfit completely made up from pieces already in her wardrobe. She chose her ‘Amanda belted maxi dress’ by A Ross Girl and Soler London. The Countess has worn this beige dress, retailing for a whopping £825. The maxi-length dress had an open V neck, with long sleeves and elasticated wrists.  READ MORE: Kate & William's move to Adelaide Cottage is 'a downsize' - see inside For footwear, Sophie wore her Jimmy Choo Dovina 100 metallic leather espadrille sandals. The £591 shoes have metallic leather straps, with a platform wedge that measures four inches. These shoes are quite controversial among Sophie’s fans, who are divided over whether they like the footwear. Instagram user @nelsonvoloni posted last night: “For me, it’s almost always the shoes with Sophie’s misses.”  Similarly, @whatthelibrarianreads commented: “Someone burn those shoes. Please!” For jewellery, the Countess opted for her G. Collins & Sons 18-carat white gold diamond set infinity earrings. Sophie was last seen wearing these bedazzled jewels on a royal tour to New York earlier this year. The description on the website says: “Our infinity knot symbolises an eternity, with bold and organic lines creating these unique and exclusive designs within the collection.  “The ribbons of warm 18ct White Gold flowing throughout these earrings are set with rare white diamonds which stand out perfectly.” Sophie’s earrings would set royal fans back £2,950 if they wanted to look like the Countess. Finally, Sophie could be seen wearing her Palmiero Jewellery sapphire and diamond circle open work pendant. The necklace features 3.83ct of round brilliant cut diamonds and 18ct of white gold. Unfortunately, the necklace is no longer in stock, so there is no information as to how much it would cost.  Sophie has been seen wearing the beautiful pendant as far back as 2018. Despite the Countess’ shoes being a divisive style choice, royal fans took to social media to praise Sophie’s overall style in Cyprus. Instagram user @julesandbetsy said: “Gorgeous couple.” Another fan, @courtmanchu added: “Sophie is rocking it!” Royal watcher @royals_of_the_record commented: “I love how she wears high street stuff and looks amazing in it.” 