 The news comes as Russian forces are reportedly running low on both personnel and military equipment, with ammunition being a major issue in frontline resources. Whereas Moscow has relied heavily on aerial strikes on Ukraine, the latest stage of the war focused in the east of the nation has seen very slow progress by Russian ground forces.   The train derailed near Pskov, a city in western Russian close to the borders of Estonia and Latvia. It has now been cordoned off by Russian security officers from the FSB, as well as by local officials. Included in the wagons were large supplies of ammunition according to Ukraine Today, a local media outlet which released the news on its Telegram channel. Railroad staff are not allowed to clear the wreckage until the highly volatile cargo is unloaded and taken to a safer destination. Photos released from the scene show the majority of wagons have fallen off the tracks. Rail officials report no injuries. Two recovery trains have been sent to the location to assist with the clear-up operation.  According to NEXTA news agency, the train consisted of 13 carriages. The incident occurred on the Porkhov-Lunevo stretch in the village of Sosonye at 1:40pm on Friday. The preliminary investigation established that while travelling along the Lunevo-Porkhov section at a speed of 50mph in the coast-down mode, the brakes were activated, followed by a train stop. It should be noted that in hot weather, so-called track ejection is possible - a change in the railway track as a result of spontaneous discharge of thermal stress in the track rails. The exact cause of the accident has yet to be unveiled  READ MORE:Biden orders UK to 'ban Russian gold'... but Boris may find it tricky Russia has suffered a series of humiliating losses since the start of the war. Although there is no evidence of malicious involvement in the derailing of the train, the figures of other losses suffered by the Russian military by Ukrainian sources are a heavy reminder of the consequences of war for Putin. The latest figures published by The Kyiv Independent suggest 35,000 Russian soldiers have now been killed since the start of the war, with over 100,000 others injured or wounded. More than 1,550 Russian tanks have also been destroyed, in part due to strikes in the early stages of the war by British-supplied N-LAW missiles.  DON'T MISS:Commonwealth Games: MI5 and police must be 'on top of their game' [EXCLUSIVE]NATO sends Putin strong message as it launches £20m project [REPORT]Biden takes over UK nuclear defence in £2.6bn deal [REVEAL] The report also suggests 3,687 Russian armoured personnel carriers have also been reduced to scrap. 771 Russian artillery batteries have also been wiped out by Ukrainian forces, as well as 243 Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (MLRS). In the battle for the skies, 217 Russian fixed-wing aircraft and 184 rotary wing aircraft have been downed or destroyed by Ukraine. With Russia relying heavily on cruise missiles, reports from Ukraine suggest 139 missiles have been shot down from the skies via anti-air defences.  The report also suggests 3,687 Russian armoured personnel carriers have also been reduced to scrap. 771 Russian artillery batteries have also been wiped out by Ukrainian forces, as well as 243 Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (MLRS). In the battle for the skies, 217 Russian fixed-wing aircraft and 184 rotary wing aircraft have been downed or destroyed by Ukraine. With Russia relying heavily on cruise missiles, reports from Ukraine suggest 139 missiles have been shot down from the skies via anti-air defences. 14 vessels have also met their end as Ukraine claims dominance over t  14 vessels have also met their end as Ukraine claims dominance over the Black Sea, with the pride of the Russian fleet the Moskva seeing its fate lie on the bottom of the sea. With battle continuing to rage in eastern Ukraine, reports suggest Kyiv is losing up to 200 soldiers a day as Russian forces advance across the area. In early June, figures released by Ukrainian sources suggest over 10,000 troops have been killed by Russian forces. Around 30,000 are believed to have been wounded or injured in battle.  For more stories like this, follow Express.co.uk Defence and Security Correspondent James Lee on Twitter @JamesLee_DE