Tending to your garden throughout the year can be a demanding job, making it hard to keep up with seasonal blooms as they come and go. While you may think that an impressive plant display can only be achieved by spending gruelling hours outdoors, it’s not always the case. In fact, there are plenty of low maintenance varieties that can be added to beds, pots and borders right now, offering rewarding results with minimal effort. Here are some of the best flowers to get going in your garden this summer. Whether you’re new to gardening or are struggling to balance time in the garden with a busy lifestyle, there are plenty of options when it comes to choosing ‘low maintenance’ plants. A spokesperson from GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk said: “Having a flourishing garden doesn’t require complex maintenance or heaps of spare time. “By planting flowers that require little care, such as peonies or lavender, you can achieve a brilliant garden landscape whilst balancing a busy lifestyle.” Here’s eight flowers that can be planted in the garden right now. READ MORE: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm: A glimpse into Amanda Owen’s home These stunning flowers are both drought tolerant and resistant to pesky slugs, making them perfect for the unpredictable UK climate. Peonies will bloom best in a bright, sunny spot that gets around six to eight hours of light per day. The bold flowers are a fine choice for lining along walkways or to create a low hedge in your garden. Plant peonies towards the end of summer for a flush of flowers in May. Echinacea can be a source of food, medicine or simply a bright addition to the garden- so there’s really no reason not to add this to your green space. The delicate, long petals are easy on the eye and require no pruning throughout the year. What’s more, this gorgeous bloom will do well in most soil types, so it really is an easy plant to grow. The beauty of wildflowers is that they’re not supposed to look perfect, so there really is no ‘right’ way to grow them. Not only are wildflowers easy to grow, but they are incredibly beneficial to the environment and nearby pollinators. They’re also simple to plant - just sprinkle wild seed mix over bare soil and you’ll have some bloomers in no time. March, April or September are generally the best times to scatter your seeds, according to the Royal Horticultural Society. Bergenias are a great choice if you’re looking to add a touch of pink to your garden. They are also a straightforward solution to patches of bare soil, with the evergreen leaves covering the bare ground all year round. Plant bergenias now for a burst of pollen-rich pink petals in spring. Known as ‘miniature narcissus’, these bulbs have the ability to return yearly, guaranteeing a burst of yellow in the spring. They are also poisonous to moles and mice, giving you two fewer pests to worry about. This fragrant flower copes well in drought and frost and is highly likely to return year on year. If you don’t already have lavender in the garden, there’s no reason not to add it to your space this summer. Lavender is a great choice if strapped for time, requiring little watering or pruning to maintain the freshly scented blooms. Known as one of the easiest flowers to grow at home, sunflowers are a no-brainer when it comes to choosing low-maintenance plants. Simply sow the seeds in a sunny sheltered spot and watch them grow to great heights. These iconic blooms are best grown in sun-soaked borders for a striking display. Snowdrops are delicate yet impactful, and will look great in an otherwise bare winter garden. The pretty white flowers are perfectly happy to fend for themselves and thrive with minimal care. They can begin blooming as early as January, when most other plants are in their dormant phase.