Amanda Owen took to her personal Instagram account on Thursday to confirm she and Clive had made the tough decision to separate. Although they will continue to work on the Ravenseat farm which made the Channel 5 series a huge success together, fans of Our Yorkshire Farm were shocked by the Yorkshire Shepherdess’ unexpected life update. Fans have taken to Amanda’s latest social media post to wish her well after she announced their separation. On Instagram, @shelley_bxx said: “Sorry to hear about you and Clive. Wishing you both well.” @jantowse replied: “I am so sorry to hear the news about you and Clive. “Wishing you both well for the future. Thank you for all the TV viewing joy that you have both given us over the years.” READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford Angie Lockwood said: “So sorry to read your and Clive’s news.” “The way you both raised your children is the best achievement for any human,” @christodoulou.andria commented. “Sad for your news but wishing you and Clive all the best for the future.” @jsmith2717 exclaimed: “You are such an inspirational family!!! So sorry for your news. I wish you all peace and happiness.” And @mamma_viks69 added: “Sending so much love to you all.” Both Amanda, 47, and Clive, 67 signed the statement confirming they had separated after 21 years of marriage. The Yorkshire Shepherdess wrote in her latest IG Story: “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul boss addresses clue Kim is still alive [THEORY]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star admits stunt blunder [INTERVIEW]The Boys’ Karl Urban pays tribute to Jensen Ackles [EXCLUSIVE] “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children.” They thanked their fans for respecting their privacy in this “difficult time”. The couple share nine children together after meeting in 1995 and tying the knot five years later. Despite their split, they will continue to be co-parents to Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy, and Nancy. It’s yet to be confirmed if both farmers will return for a new series of Our Yorkshire Farm, which was last on screens in 2021. Last year, Channel 5 confirmed 20 new episodes of the series had been ordered, which were split across series four and five. This should leave five episodes to go from the Ravenseat family, though viewers are awaiting an official announcement after Amanda’s latest news. An official statement from Channel 5 has confirmed: “We respect the privacy of Amanda and Clive Owen at this time. They are very much a part of the Channel 5 family and we will continue to work with them in the future.” Our Yorkshire Farm is available to stream on My5.