If you're new to the Xbox ecosystem you can right now pick up a brilliant money-saving deal on Xbox Game Pass. Microsoft at the moment is offering three months worth of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate for just £1. That works out as a saving of over £30 - as XGP Ultimate is priced at £10.99 a month - and means for less than the price of a sandwich or a McDonald's Saver Menu snack you'll be able to get access to hundreds of games. This offer is only available for new Game Pass members, so if you're already got access to either Xbox Game Pass Ultimate or Xbox Game Pass you won't be able to sign up for the deal. If you've recently picked up an Xbox Series X or S console then an Xbox Game Pass membership is the ideal companion. Xbox Game Pass is a subscription service which offers access to hundreds of games for a low, monthly price. You'll be able to enjoy first-party Microsoft games such as Halo Infinite and Forza Horizon 5 on Day One with a Game Pass membership, as well as a huge range of third-party titles. Games that have recently been added to Xbox Game Pass include Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge, Assassin's Creed Origins and the Ninja Gaiden: Master Collection. Depending on which Game Pass tier you subscribe to, you could also benefit from some handy extras. If you just subscribe to the entry-level Game Pass membership (£7.99 a month) then you'll get access to the Game Pass library alone. This is plenty to keep you busy, with hundreds of games available with this membership tier, as well as a library that gets updated on a regular basis. If you describe to fork out a bit more for Xbox Game Pass Ultimate (£10.99 a month) then you'll also get EA Play include as well as access to Xbox Live Gold. The latter lets you play multiplayer games online and also gives you monthly games you can download and keep for free. While EA Play membership gives you access to a huge back catalogue of EA hits as well as previews of upcoming games. Later this month the most recent game in the hit FIFA series - FIFA 22 - will be getting added to EA Play. Besides this, in the next year Xbox Game Pass will be getting some high-profile new releases - including major exclusives like Starfield (the new IP from Fallout and Elder Scrolls makers Bethesda) and the next Forza Motorsport racing game.