Ravers descended on Davidstow Airfield, near Camelford, Cornwall, at about 10pm on Friday, June 3, erecting a festival-scale arena, stands and campsite. Neighbours complained of loud, non-stop electronic music from the event keeping them awake at night. Officers from Devon and Cornwall Police tried for days to end the illegal gathering by encircling the rave in a bid to stop more people getting in. Cornwall Live reported on Sunday that cars and tents belonging to the revellers were still on the A39 near the site on Sunday. The rave was reportedly held to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the largest ever free party in Britain - at Castlemorton Common in 1992 - which saw between 20,000 and 40,000 people attend. Locals estimated that last weekend's rave saw several thousand people gather at the former RAF base at Davidstow.  Devon and Cornwall Police say about 1,000 people attended the event at its peak and that seven stages were set up over a large area. Attendees reportedly travelled from across the country to attend with some saying they had come from as far away as Scotland or Oxfordshire. Devon and Cornwall Police was slammed on its Facebook page for the way it handled the huge rave. Some claimed the force made matters worse by shutting roads and stopping people accessing the site.  READ MORE ABOUT TUBE STRIKE FURY Others accused the force of not doing enough to bring the event to an end. Facebook user Maya Giles wrote on Saturday: "I think you should be blaming your idiotic action of closing all local roads for the traffic jams. "If you let party people to get into the site where there is ample space for everyone, no roads would be littered with cars parked along edges and people's front drives." "Instead of working with people on minimising any impact on locals, you have created carnage for days."  DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry fly back to US before Jubilee celebrations end [REPORT] 'Gaunt' - Cliff Richard's appearance sparks health concern among fans [REVEALED] Prince Harry 'deeply unhappy' at Jubilee as Duke regrets Megxit [LATEST] Fellow Facebook user Adrian Crocker wrote: "Lessons have to be learnt here, but for now the only sensible course of action is to let this play out and ensure everyone leaves the site safely/legally tomorrow. "Fair to say [Devon and Cornwall Police] haven’t covered themselves in glory though, in fact you must be very embarrassed that this has been allowed to happen!" Jonathan Thomas commented on Facebook: "So it’s gone 2am for a second night and the rave continues for us all to enjoy/endure six miles away in Delabole. "Why do we pay for a police force when they are totally incapable of protecting the local community? Pull the plug why can’t you or should we take it into our own hands?"  Facebook user Simon Osborne wrote: "This is an absolute joke! Devon and Cornwall Police. I served in Iraq and Afghanistan and suffer with PTSD. I live a nearly two miles from this. "The constant banging from the speakers is bellowing through my house, no sleep for two days. I'm now getting flash backs of mortar fire which took nearly three years of counselling to stop." Other people voiced support for the police. Beck Draper said: "It's not like the police actually have the man power to stop this. It would take them a while to pull that together. "They're best letting it run it's course. And personally just let them have fun. It's a bit of noise, they aren't waging a war."  Devon and Cornwall Police, in a statement issued on Monday, said officers are still at the site but that the unlicensed music event has now ended. It confirmed officers were first called at about 10pm on Friday after reports of around 200 cars seen on the site and loud music heard by communities nearby. A Devon and Cornwall Police spokesperson said: "The majority of people have left the site and police cordons were removed overnight. "A number of people remain on site today and officers have been engaging with them. "Many factors have to be considered when policing a live and dynamic situation and our priority is always to ensure the safety of those involved, people in the surrounding areas and our officers. "As is standard practice, we will review the policing response to this event in due course. "We will continue to work with partners to offer support and guidance to those affected." The spokesperson said about 10 arrests for drink or drug and driving offences were made over the weekend. Those arrested have been released from police custody pending further enquiries. 