As the sun continues to shine, Brits are looking to lose stubborn belly fat and tone up ahead of their holidays. Belly fat, however, isn't just a problem for those dreaming about a perfect holiday body, it can have severe health implications too. As belly fat surrounds your vital organs, excess fat can be linked to serious health conditions such as heart attacks or stroke. The good news is that losing this type of fat can be achieved with the right types of food according to the nutritional experts at Barbend. Here are the top ten foods which you can add to your diet that can help with weight loss and keep you healthy. “Salmon is a lean protein which is packed with omega-3s, meaning it is extremely beneficial for weight loss as the body must work harder to digest it,” the experts said. “In addition, salmon is a great source of omega-3 fatty acids which are shown to reduce inflammation and promote fat burning, with studies showing that fish oil supplementation can help to reduce weight and the stress hormone cortisol, which is also linked to fat storage.” “Broccoli – as well as cauliflower and Brussels sprouts – are high in fibre and nutrients that keep your body burning fat,” Barbend explained. “Broccoli also contains calcium, which is good for healthy joints as well as weight loss. “Steaming broccoli is the best way to reap the full fat-burning effects because it gives you the best chance of absorbing the nutrients.” READ MORE: Workout plan: 'Intense' 15 minute low-impact sheds body fat “Green tea is renowned as one of the best fat-burning foods out there,” the nutritionists said. “It’s loaded with antioxidants such as epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) which help to speed up metabolism. It also contains a small amount of caffeine, which can speed up metabolic rate and increase fat-burning if drunk before exercise. “Try adding it into your diet by drinking one cup every day.” “Adding a range of hearty whole grains to your diet can help aid fat loss,” Barbend said. “Quinoa, brown rice, whole grain bread and cereals are all excellent choices. “Whole grains such as oats and quinoa are high in fibre, which can enhance weight loss, digestion, and blood sugar levels. “Eating whole grains has also been shown to reduce appetite and influence your body’s energy use, both of which can affect body composition.” DON'T MISS...Cruise packing tips: 5 items you’re not allowed to take onboard [GUIDE]Keep strawberries fresh for 10 days with simple food storage hack [DETAILS]Why you shouldn’t use whitening toothpaste according to a dentist [EXCLUSIVE] “Not only do they count as one of your five a day, but blueberries can also contribute towards burning fat - especially belly fat,” experts revealed. “Blueberries, and other berries, have high water content and are lower in sugar than other fruits without sacrificing sweetness. “Their high antioxidant content helps keep you healthy, too.” “Chillies can help to stimulate metabolism, having a thermogenic effect which speeds up the metabolism and the rate at which your body uses energy,” Barbend said. “Thermogenesis works by raising our body temperature, and people may find they burn more calories during this process just by being warm. “Adding chillies to some of your favourite meals is an easy way to incorporate them into your diet.” “Starting the day off with some eggs can be an effective part of a weight loss plan,” the nutritionists commented. “Eggs are extremely high in protein that can promote fat-burning. “Protein speeds up metabolic rate in any case, which can be as much as 30 percent after eating high-quality protein. “Furthermore, protein is essential for building and maintaining muscle mass and the more muscle you have, the more metabolically active you’ll be.” “Cinnamon can help balance blood sugar levels, helping to stop the body from storing fat,” Barbend said. “It helps in losing weight by suppressing appetite, regulating blood sugar levels and speeding up metabolism. “Incorporate it into your daily diet by sprinkling some on your morning porridge or adding it to smoothies.” “Avocados are rich in vitamin B6—which directly counteracts the belly-fat-building stress hormone, cortisol—they're also full of monounsaturated fat,” the experts mentioned. “This healthy fat may prevent body fat distribution around the belly by downregulating the expression of certain fat genes. “You can try adding it to your breakfasts or even making guacamole and having it as a snack.” “Full-fat Greek yoghurt contains conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) which promotes fat burning,” Barbend revealed. “Probiotics naturally found in the yoghurt support good gut bacteria which is key to weight loss. “Amino acids, vitamin D and calcium found in yoghurt can speed up fat burning. “Adding blueberries, as mentioned above, can make for a great breakfast for those looking to lose weight.”