US President Joe Biden announced the US will be delivering more weapons in support of Ukraine but confirmed he would not send long-range rocket systems that could be used to attack Russian territory. Retired Brigadier Heneral Peter Zack backed the decision and claimed US officials “are agonising about this” as they want to continue to support Ukraine, but at the same time they do not want to provide weapons that could “give Putin even more incentive and motivation to get his population turned into total support for this conflict”. Speaking to Times Radio, Mr Zack said: “They’re agonising about this. “They want to do all they can for Ukraine. “But we’re talking about the multiple rocket launchers. “One has a range of 50, 60, 70, 80 miles. “That’s pretty deep. “They’re pretty effective systems.” Referring to the long-range rocket systems, he explained: “The other is a couple hundred miles potentially. “I think right now they’re trying to keep this awful contact contained. READ MORE: Olaf Scholz loses grip in EU as Eastern Europe turns away “They want to send them a lot of very capable missiles. “But not those that could strike deep into the Russian heartland. “That gives them and Vladimir Putin even more incentive and motivation to get his population turned into total support for this conflict. “We’ll see, as further down you get, that it is getting increasingly shaky”. DON'T MISS: Senior ally of Boris Johnson loses confidence [WATCH]Brexit: Row erupts on HGV Dover chaos as Remoaners fume [LISTEN]Minister fails to convert 'universally understood' imperial units  [INSIGHT] President Biden said the US will not supply Ukraine with rockets that could land directly on Russian territory and consequently escalate the war. “We are not going to send to Ukraine rocket systems that can strike into Russia”, Mr Biden said in response to continual requests from Kyiv for such weapons. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has been ramping up pressure on the US and allies to provide longer-range weapons. As explained by Ukrainian officials, such weapons would be used by the Ukrainian army in the battle for the Donbas, now at the centre of the Ukraine war. Referring to Sievierodonetsk city, now under heavy and continual attacks from Russia, Zelensky said Russian forces now control more than two-thirds of the city. The city represents a central objective for Russians as if taken it would allow Moscow to gain control over one other last significant cities of the Donbas region, an “unconditional priority” for Moscow.