Mats Wilander has claimed that Alexander Zverev’s game matches up “perfectly” against Rafael Nadal ahead of their French Open semi-final. The pair will meet today (Friday) for a place in the final in Paris, but despite the Spaniard going for his 14th French Open title this year, Nadal has been warned that Zverev’s style of play could cause him problems. Wilander told Eurosport: “His [Zverev's] first serve is maybe the biggest first serve in the men’s game right now. "It is absolutely huge. If he has a high percentage, he will get free points. The high backhand, it reminds me so much of Robin Soderling, who obviously beat Rafa in 2009. "We always talk about Zverev’s weakness at the baseline, the forehand down the line but he doesn’t have to hit a forehand down the line against Rafa as he can hit cross-court with a lot of topspin and set it up for his backhand. I think he has the perfect game to play against Rafa. Can he beat him? I believe he believes he can.” Despite Wilander believing that Zverev has a chance against Nadal, the statistics say otherwise. Nadal has only ever lost to Novak Djokovic and Robin Soderling at the French Open. Since defeat to Soderling in 2009, Nadal has gone 76-2 at the major. Nadal will be looking to lift the trophy amid rumours that this could be his last French Open, and he may retire after dealing with a foot injury for several months. However Nadal, who will play Zverev on his birthday, has dismissed claims that this event is a farewell for him. He told Spain’s RTVE channel: "At no time do I want this to seem like a farewell. We will continue working to find solutions to what is happening down with my foot. I trust and hope to be able to return. This last year has been difficult. Day to day, with everything that it entails, has been difficult not just because of all the effort but to stay competitive.” The Spaniard will be pleased to face Zverev in the afternoon session, after a scheduling row that saw Nadal and Djokovic play into the early hours of the morning. Wilander, along with Tim Henman, offered a solution to the controversy and believe more of a balance could be found between men, women and doubles tennis playing in the later sessions in Paris. Nadal defeated Djokovic 6-2, 4-6, 6-2, 7-6 in over four hours to reach the quarter-finals, while Zverev overcame teenage sensation Carlos Alcaraz 6-4, 6-4, 4-6, 7-6 in three hours and 18 minutes. The winner will face either Casper Ruud or Marin Cilic in the final, which will take place on Sunday.