Deep vein thromboembolism occurs when a blood clot forms deep in the vein, usually in the lower leg, thigh, or pelvis. Occasionally, the arm is affected. Just about anything that hinders blood flow can trigger a blood clot, but a common risk factor is trauma to the limb. A recent meta-analysis published in Thrombosis Resources has unearthed a new cause. Thromboembolism often results from a fracture, severe muscle injury or muscle injury, but a recent meta-analysis suggests liver disease may also substantially increase the risk. In the study, it emerged that patients with chronic liver disease had a substantially higher likelihood of venous thromboembolism (VTE). Venous thromboembolism can be broken down into two conditions; deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) explains: "VTE, a term referring to blood clots in the veins, is an underdiagnosed and serious condition that can cause disability and death." READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The 'feeling' that strikes first thing in the morning - it's a red flag The meta-analysis of 29 studies, suggested patients hospitalised with chronic liver disease may have a twofold risk of the condition. Summarising the findings, the health platform Medscape wrote: "Hospitalised patients with versus without chronic liver disease had a twofold increased risk of VTE. "Hospitalised patients with chronic liver disease who did not receive VTE treatment were 2.78 times more likely to develop VTE during their hospital stay compared with those who received VTE prophylaxis."  Researchers suggest these findings could have potentially life-saving implications for patients with liver disease.And this is particularly important in light of the condition's rising prevalence. In fact, the prevalence of liver disease has seen a staggering rise of 400 percent since 1970, killing roughly 40 people in the UK every day. According to the British Liver Trust, these numbers are stark compared to other major killer diseases like heart disease and cancer. Fortunately, 90 percent of cases are thought to be preventable with healthy lifestyle changes and interventions. Interestingly, nine out of 10 cases in the UK are due to alcohol, obesity and hepatitis A - all preventable risk factors. The new findings suggest clinicians should be aware of the risk of venous thrombosis when treating patients in hospital, as blood clots can occur during surgery. The CDC adds: "The most serious complication [...] happens when a part of the clot breaks off and travels through the bloodstream to the lungs, causing a blockage called pulmonary embolism. "If the clot is small, people usually recover from pulmonary embolism with appropriate treatment, explains the body.