If there’s a criminal hiding inside a property and they refuse to open the door, he says officers should simply kick it down and make a forced arrest. There’s more where that comes from too. This former chief constable wants forces to take a long, hard look at their priorities and ask themselves if chasing kids skipping school or half-baked social media weirdos tap-tapping out so-called hate crimes, really should be taking precedence over solving burglaries and car thefts. Presumably Mr Cooke, right, would have some hard questions to ask about officers who offer to make Insulate Britain protesters cups of tea or do their shopping for them after they’ve superglued themselves to major motorways and screwed up everyone else’s day. Not to mention boogie-ing in the street with other protesters or performing impromptu dance routines on stage at festivals instead of, you know, er, policing them. All the above nonsense has actually happened. Recently, unashamedly and unapologetically. Meanwhile almost all burglaries go uninvestigated, vehicle thefts are shrugged off as matters purely between the victims and their insurers, and only the tiniest fraction of all crime results in charges, let alone convictions. Andy Cooke, 57, wants to change that. He says officers must attend ALL house break-ins and on those vanishingly rare occasions when bobbies are actually on the beat they should be seen to be taking direct action against thieves and other criminals, not performing what he scornfully describes as “a PR job”. “Neighbourhood policing shouldn’t be about walking down streets kissing babies on the head and waving to shopkeepers,” Cooke said this week in a series of admirably succinct comments. “They’ve simply got to have an edge. They must be seen to be taking hard action, whether that’s through problem-solving or putting doors in to catch people.” As I wrote here some weeks ago, my daughter’s new car was stolen overnight from the drive of our house. She’d worked damn hard to buy that car; it was her reward to herself for years of slog building up her own business. Some toe-rag with the work ethic of a sloth relieved her of it while she slept. Pregnant and still working 12-hour days, she needed her car.  But precisely one hour after reporting its loss to police, they phoned her to say they’d be taking no action, other than to give her a crime number for the insurance claim. Stealing cars; breaking into people’s homes and ransacking them – it’s never been an easier, virtually risk-free option for low-lifes. Andy Cooke has given himself five years to turn that sloppy nonsense on its head and re-introduce the fear-factor into callous, opportunistic, everyday criminality. Let’s hope magistrates and judges back him up with some serious sentencing. The hour has come to kick the modern plague of cocky crims into touch and into jail. Regular readers of this column will know that I’m no defender of Meghan Markle. I think she’s a pretty awful person and if she one day takes a tilt at the US presidency, I wish our American cousins the best of luck. Like my old mate Piers Morgan, I wouldn’t trust Meghan to read me the weather forecast. BUT... she has every right to cut her deadbeat dad out of her life. She’s attracted huge opprobrium and ordure after failing to rush to his bedside after he suffered a major stroke – but why should she? His latest half-baked, semi-immoral plan (before the stroke floored him) was to fly to Britain for the Jubilee with a film crew in tow and basically stalk his daughter and Harry around London. When I put this to Meghan’s estranged half-sister, Samantha, in a live TV interview this week, she flatly denied Thomas Markle planned any such thing (and berated Meghan for not contacting their dad). But he’d revealed these exact intentions to respected UK journalist and biographer Tom Bower in a phone call hours just before the stroke. Hmm. I’m not sure I’d trust Samantha to read me the weather forecast either.  Olivia DeJonge stole much of the limelight at the London premier of the new Elvis biopic (she plays Priscilla Presley). But the film belongs fair and square to Austin Butler, above with DeJonge, whose stunning performance as the King makes him a shoo-in for next year’s Oscars. I first saw Butler as cult enforcer Tex in the superb Once Upon A Time In Hollywood. He even outshone Brad Pitt in their scenes together. Truly, a star is born. “EVENING, barman. 0.568261 litres of your best bitter, please.” “Switch off your engine, sir. You’ve been pulled over for driving at 56.327 kilometres per hour in a 48.28 kilometre zone.” “Hi mum, hi dad! The baby’s here! You have a bouncing 4.082 kilogram grandson!” Hmm. Boris Johnson’s “bring back imperial measures” Jubilee stunt seems pretty pointless to me. How many of us have ever really used metric ones? Even when driving on the continent, most Brits do a quick conversion from KMs per hour to MPH. If a road-sign tells them they’re 100kms from their destination, they announce to the “are-we-there-yet?” brigade: “Only sixty miles to go!” Bring back imperial measures? For most of us, they never went away. 