Jeremy Hunt became the first high-profile Tory politician to publicly urge his fellow party members to vote no confidence in Boris Johnson on Monday evening, claiming that the outfit was destined to lose the next general election because of a lack of integrity from the Prime Minister. The former health secretary, who challenged Mr Johnson for the leadership back in 2019, said he would be "voting for change". In a string of tweets, he wrote: "The Conservative party must now decide if it wishes to change its leader. Because of the situation in Ukraine this was not a debate I wanted to have now but under our rules we must do that. “Having been trusted with power, Conservative MPs know in our hearts we are not giving the British people the leadership they deserve. We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country." Mr Johnson needs to secure over 50 percent of his MPs' support to win — 180 votes out of 359 — but even then, he faces an exceedingly uncertain future as an increasing number of Tories voice their disillusionment over his leadership. His predecessors — like Theresa May and Sir John Major — have faced votes of no confidence, and while managing to win, they only did so by narrow margins, with Mrs May in fact resigning because she felt the result was too close to justify staying on. The last successful vote of no confidence that saw a Prime Minister ousted came in 1979 under the James Callaghan administration. The Labour leader had had a years-long disastrous spell in power, which saw political failures like the Winter of Discontent. Called by then-opposition leader Margaret Thatcher, the motion was passed by a single vote and Mr Callaghan was forced to call a general election. Mrs Thatcher ran on campaign with the tagline "Labour Isn't Working", and managed to win the country over in what turned out to be an historic victory, claiming 43.9 percent of the popular vote to Mr Callaghan's 36.9 percent. The Labour Party spent the next 18 years in opposition as the Tories solidified their dominance across much of the UK. JUST IN: SHAME on them: EU chiefs IGNORE Queen's Platinum Jubilee in snub While Mr Johnson's situation is far different to Mr Callaghan's — the former has been accused of "lying" to Parliament and the public over his involvement in the so-called Partygate scandal — the situation in which he has found himself is very similar. Today, most polls put Labour far ahead of the Tories in the event of an imminent national ballot. Politico's Poll of Polls suggests that Labour is seven points clear of the Conservatives, which would translate to hundreds of lost seats for the Tories. Many have looked at the upcoming Wakefield by-election — called after the conviction of the Tory MP Imran Ahmad Khan for sexual assault on a 15-year-old boy — as a reflection of wider trends, with some polls predicting as much as a 14 percent swing from the Conservatives to Labour. DON'T MISS Next Prime Minister odds: The 4 top candidates to replace Boris [REPORT] SNP to cut 17.000 jobs from the public sector [INSIGHT] Do you blame Brexit for the cost of living crisis? VOTE HERE [ANALYSIS] As reported in an analysis conducted by The Sunday Times, while by-elections are notoriously difficult to use for predicting general elections, "such a swing in the general election would see Labour seizing 129 Tory seats — enough to secure a working majority." Mr Johnson is desperately attempting to fend off a rebellion, having spent an hour on Monday morning signing letters to all 359 Conservative MPs to gain their trust, "adding personal handwritten notes to many", according to the BBC's political editor Chris Mason. But it seems that Mr Johnson not only has his colleagues to worry about, as late last week, arriving at the Jubilee thanksgiving service with his wife Carrie, he was booed by members of the public hoping to snatch a glimpse at the royals. Many MPs were asked how Mr Johnson could go on with such a clear distance between him and the public, with transport secretary Grant Shapps shrugging off the boos, saying politicians didn't expect to be "popular all the time". Speaking to Channel 4's The Andrew Neil Show, Paul Scully, a Tory MP, said politicians had been booed "through time immemorial". He added: "We may well have a vote of confidence. If it does happen, the prime minister, I know, will face it down. "But whatever happens, we've got to get back to governing, to tackle the things that people want us to do on a day-to-day basis, not continuing... to look back at two years previous." Other loyalists have also sprung to his defence, like Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, who said it was "not the place" of a group of minority MPs to overrule the vote of millions of people around the country. She told the BBC News Channel: "Everybody always tries to write Boris Johnson off but all I would say is look at his track record," adding that the Tories should "stick together". She said she was "100 percent confident" that Mr Johnson would win. But even if he does, some believe that time is against him, and that an ousting is inevitable. One former Cabinet minister told The Sunday Times: "It's 55 percent that it happens on Monday or Tuesday. It's 80 percent there's a vote after the two by-elections [on June 23]."