The daughters of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson stepped out in London to join people taking part in a Big Jubilee Lunch. Beatrice and Eugenie were photographed happily trying plate spinning under the watchful eye of a street performer. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** During her turn, Eugenie appeared focused as she tried to spin the plate for as long as possible. The royal, wrapped up in a figure-hugging burgundy dress, also joined her sister and other attendees at the street party for a game of bowling. Princess Beatrice was pictured having a go while wearing a royal blue dress. The royals also joined other outdoors activities organised by Westminster Council for the local volunteer and community groups who helped during the COVID-19 pandemic. More than 16,000 are being held up and down the country to celebrate the Queen's reign and life as well as bring together neighbours and communities. Earlier today, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, attended a street party in Oval, south London. There, the royal couple joined people in enjoying live music, an array of games and good food for an event part of the Big Jubilee Lunch initiative, of which Camilla is the patron. Wearing an emerald green dress, Camilla was left in awe by a table set for a tea party - albeit with cakes entirely made of felt. READ MORE: Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan At the end of their visit, Charles and Camilla led attendees for a toast to Her Majesty. The Big Lunch was first held in 2009 and also took place during the Diamond Jubilee. Charles and Camilla came together with Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie and dozens more royals yesterday evening for the Party at the Palace concert. Sat in the royal box, members of the Firm watched the spectacular event alongside leading politicians, diplomats and representatives of overseas realms. Ahead of the beginning of the concert, Princess Beatrice was spotted arriving with her doting husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The pair were pictured waving with huge smiles on their face toward someone in the crowd, before sitting down next to Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank. Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie have been seen marking the Jubilee on multiple occasions over the past four days. On Thursday, they were among the members of the Firm watching the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Officer overlooking Horse Guards Parade. A few hours later, Eugenie also shared pictures and a video showing herself, Jack and their son August Philip Hawke watching the RAF flypast on top of a roof. On Friday, the princesses and their husbands joined most members of the Firm at St Paul's Cathedral in London for a national service of thanksgiving. The siblings sat near Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in the second row. Prior to the beginning of the Jubilee celebrations, Princess Eugenie also paid tribute to her "Grannie", the Queen. She wrote in an article she penned for the Spectator: "I have given my life to my special little family and hope to impart even an inch of the values my grandmother has lived her life by. "I think about my son August and what I’d like for him, what kind of world I’d like him to grow up in. "And I think of my grannie and what she has stood for, for so many people and for our family during these 70 years.