Jannik Sinner has lauded Andy Murray as one of the sport’s “best players” alongside Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal. The Italian would have been the former world No 1’s next opponent at Wimbledon had Murray beaten John Isner but he lost to the big-serving American for the first time in his career on Wednesday night. Murray was due to play 10th seed Sinner in the Wimbledon third round but crashed out in the round before to Isner, who notched his first win over the three-time Major champion on a packed Centre Court. Before Murray and Isner had taken to court, the 20-year-old looked ahead to his next round and assessed both of his potential opponents, comparing the Brit to the Big Three. “Obviously he's part of a group who made history, being part of the Big Four and winning Grand Slams, especially in Wimbledon where he struggled to win, and then at the end he ended up winning,” the world No 13 said in his post-match press conference. Reporters were quick to notice that Sinner had dubbed the elite group the Big Four instead of the Big Three, and the young Italian was asked whether he thought Murray possessed the same aura as Djokovic, Federer and Nadal. “I think so. Why not?”he continued. JUST IN: Wimbledon star embarrassed as opponent steals point after celebration   “I mean, he won majors. There was a point where always them four were in the semifinals, so for sure he's one of the best players this sport had, and yeah, I think so.” Sinner has already faced Murray twice, with each man one apiece in their head-to-head. But after the two-time Wimbledon champion’s 6-4 7-6(4) 6-7(3) 6-4 defeat to the 20th seed, he will be denied a chance to get another win over the world No 12. Sinner also made a big claim about the man he will face, as he said returning Isner’s serve was one of the sport’s biggest challenges. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios kicks off at umpire during Wimbledon second roundKatie Boulter's boyfriend Alex De Minaur playing key role at WimbledonNadal accused Federer of 'saying nothing while the rest burn'  After winning his own four-set match against Mikael Ymer, he said: “Well, it's for sure a very, very tough match, especially here on grass. He serves well. Hopefully I can read a little bit his serve, but it's one of the toughest challenge, returning John's serve, so yeah, it would be a very tough match. “There are for sure some important moments, you know, especially when he's serving, so for sure I try my best. I will be not so much rhythm, so let's see.”