The House of Commons was in stitches of laughter as an untimely question by Conservative MP Oliver Heald offered a break from a fierce debate between the Prime Minister and Leader of the Labour party Sir Keir Starmer. The intense atmosphere of the Commons was shattered as the Tory MP queried Government plans to address sewage overflow into natural water systems, including rivers and streams in his constituency of North East Hertfordshire. Speaking to his fellow MPs, Mr Heald said: “Well, changing the subject completely, in north-east Hertfordshire, we’re very concerned about sewage overflow.”    His colleagues erupted into hysterics as Mr Heald’s opening statement was interrupted by echoes of laughter around the House of Commons. As the MPs regained their composure, Mr Heald continued: “This is damaging to the flora and fauna and also restricts the use of these precious streams for leisure. “The Environment Bill included some important measures last year and I welcome the fact that the Government has consulted on its reduction plan for storm overflows.” “But, when would we expect to see some meaningful improvements and some real reductions in the amount of sewage going into our rivers?” The Prime Minister offered an encouraging response and replied: “I thank him very much and I share his concern.” Mr Johnson continued: “Our sewage plan sees the biggest investment on this by any government. “The water companies must do more, Mr Spreaker. “Actually, we already are seeing improvements but the regulator is ensuring the water companies do more to ensure they deliver on their obligation. “We will not hesitate to take further action as needed.” Read more: Boris Johnson slams 'thoughtless' car tax proposals during PMQs According to the Government, the Environment Bill intends to “put in place more protections against water pollution than ever before” Under the legislation, water companies are expected to outline drainage and sewerage management plans in order to ensure water systems are not adversely polluted by sewage during storm overflow procedures. The unfortunate timing of the question by Mr Heald followed a fierce declaration by the Prime Minister to retain his position as Leader of the Conservative party. Mr Johnson recently survived a vote of confidence triggered by critical Tory MPs by achieving 211 votes to a 148 opposition. DON'T MISS Met Police Partygate investigation to plague Boris and UK 'for years' [ANALYSIS]Rattled Boris needs to get his bounce back [COMMMENT]How Christian Wakeford defection has secured Boris' job [REPORT]  Mr Heald’s environmental concerns came after an intense battle between the Prime Minister and opposition leader Sir Keir Starmer. In response to political criticisms from Sir Keir, Mr Johnson vowed to remain in his role as Leader and address the core public concerns of the health service and economy. Speaking to the House of Commons, the Prime Minister said: “That is our mission, creating high wage, high skilled jobs for this country.” He turned to address Sir Keir as he added: “As for jobs, I’m going to get on with mine and I hope he gets on with his.”   