The Kardashian-Jenner clan briefly stepped away from their reality show fame in 2021 when Keeping Up With The Kardashians aired its final season on E!. However, it didn't take too long for a comeback as the celebrity family excitedly announced their return to the small screen earlier this year. This time around, their lives would be showcased on the streaming services Disney+ in the UK and Hulu in the USA under the simple title of The Kardashians. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Kardashians.Much like the original Keeping Up with the Kardashians, the Disney+ and Hulu series follows the famous family's everyday lives, from their glamorous nights out to days spent at home. As always, they are never short of drama with Kourtney openly complaining in episode nine about how the show has been edited. Seen having lunch with her friend Steph Shepherd, the Kardashian says she is upset as the producers decided to make her the source of the drama, focusing on her previous relationship with Scott Disick rather than her engagement to Travis Barker. It was then in the final moments of the penultimate episode that caught fans' attention. READ MORE: ‘Was very demanding’ Virgin River’s Doc star on 'exhausting' role At 6.30am, Kim is seen having an intense phone call discussing the legal declaration, signed by Tristan Thompson, admitted to sleeping with a woman who is now pregnant with his child. Kim calls about the situation to her other sisters while Tristan's ex Khloe is still fast asleep. She doesn't find out by the end of the episode either so this is bound to come out in the season one grand finale. But how is Khloe going to react to Tristan fathering another woman's child during their relationship? Season one of The Kardashians will be coming to an end on Thursday, June 16, on Disney+ and Hulu in America. But there is no need to worry as there is going to be plenty more to come from the family. The Kardashians has already been renewed for a second season by the international streaming service. In fact, it looks like subscribers will be seeing a lot more of the Kardashians in the distant future as well. DON'T MISS...Kim Kardashian insider on claims she was denied Queen's Jubilee ticket [EXPLAINER]Kim Kardashian enjoys London date with Pete ahead of Queen's Jubilee [CAST]Kourtney Kardashian wows in mini dress as she marries Travis Barker [FASHION] The Kardashians has been commissioned for a whopping total of 40 episodes by Hulu and Disney+. Season one consists of 10 episodes and so if this will be the same for series two, then it is likely that there is going to be an extra two seasons in the works. Of course, there is a good chance there may be more series beyond this as Keeping Up with the Kardashians finished with 20 seasons. But more news on this will most likely come out nearer to when the fourth outing is about to end. So far, there has been no talk about when The Kardashians will be back for its second series. As this is the first season, it is difficult to predict a possible release date pattern. Given how there was just a matter of months between Keeping Up With The Kardashians series, this could mean the Disney+ show may return for more later this year. The Kardashians is available to watch on Hulu in America and Disney+ in the UK.