Tottenham have been handed new hope they can land Alessandro Bastoni from Inter Milan after the Serie A giants reportedly identified their ideal replacement for the Italian international. Spurs are currently in a major predicament when it comes to their chances of landing the central defender, who has been identified as their top summer transfer target. While Bastoni is appreciative of Spurs' interest, it's understood he would favour staying at Inter next season as he's enjoying life at the San Siro. But that's unlikely to stop Tottenham from making a play for his services and there is still hope they can twist his arm. According to Corriere dello Sport, Inter would look to sign Feyenoord's Marcos Senesi if they were to move Bastoni on. The 25-year-old recently won his first cap for Argentina and was considered to be one of the best defenders in Holland last season. READ MORE: Inter Milan 'make second star available to Tottenham' as move 'does not appeal' to Bastoni Senesi is also attracting interest from elsewhere, meaning Inter may have to move quickly in order to win the race for his services. The report also references that Gleison Bremer is still very much on their transfer radar - meaning Inter could yet sign two central defenders. That would strengthen their position over any sale which would be music to the ears of Tottenham. Spurs feel that their hopes of signing Bastoni rest with Inter pushing him towards the door, to ease their financial struggles. READ MORETottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalitiesTottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal They already know Bastoni doesn't want to go anywhere but the opportunity to raise significant funds through a player they can replace may be of interest. Tottenham do also have their own alternative targets in mind though including Josko Gvardiol and Pau Torres. Fabio Paratici could even derail Inter's plan to sign Bremer, who is another possible option. Bastoni's agent Tullio Tinti has hinted his client would respect Inter's decision if they wanted to push through a sale.  “He is certainly a big fan of the team he plays for, so he will happily remain at Inter,” Tinti told Sportitalia. “However, he is also a professional. This is football and he has to adjust. "It’s clear he is very happy to play for Inter and feels this jersey like a tattoo on his skin.”