Russia's invasion of Ukraine is approaching its 100th day with intense fighting showing no signs of subsiding. The conflict has brought into focus the importance of NATO's unity and military strength, with other countries in Eastern Europe concerned that they could also be targeted by Russia. However, despite years of increasingly hostile acts by Russia, shocking data suggest that NATO has in fact let its guard down. Numbers reveal how the alliance has significantly reduced its forces, with major players such as the UK, Germany, Italy, France and the US all shedding troops. NATO data shows that since 1990, Germany and Italy have reduced their troops by 65 percent, more than any other country, with France not far behind, having cut its personnel contribution by 62 percent. Spain has more than halved the size of its force, losing 53 percent of its soldiers, while the UK has reduced the size of its force by 49 percent, and the US by 38 percent. Reports do suggest, however, that NATO nations are looking at ways to bolster their forces in response to the situation in Ukraine. Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has said he intends to station more forces in the eastern areas of the alliance's territory, countries like Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia. Additionally, air and naval forces under NATO command, as well as cyber defence and space capabilities, are also going to be boosted. In recent years, some NATO nations have been accused of shirking their responsibility when it comes to defence spending. Members of the alliance are supposed to spend two percent of their respective GDP on defence but many European countries have failed to do so in recent years. But things will now likely change, perhaps perfectly exemplified in Germany — previously accused of cowering away from helping Ukraine — after the country’s governing coalition reached a deal to increase defence spending, a historic shift. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said “it was the right answer to the turning point that started with Russia’s attack on Ukraine“. He added: “The German Bundeswehr will be strengthened. “It will be in a position to fulfil its defence mission better than ever, and it will be able to make its contribution in NATO so that we can defend ourselves any time against attacks from outside.”  READ MORE: Putin on alert as Poland orders five HUNDRED rocket launchers Mr Scholz has overseen what amounts to a revolution in German defence policy – three days after the invasion of Ukraine, he announced Germany would commit €100billion euros (£85billion) to a special fund for its military and raise its defence spending above two percent of GDP. Speaking this week, he said: “This will contribute to the security of Germany and Europe increasing. It is the right answer to the turning point that started with Russia’s attack on Ukraine.” There is also pressure on the UK to follow suit and increase its defence spending. Last month, members of the backbench 1922 Defence Committee said the Government should re-evaluate its planned cuts to the size of the armed forces. Committee chair and former Army officer John Baron said: “Across the Conservative backbenches there is a wide consensus that the Russian invasion of Ukraine requires an increase in defence spending alongside a broad reassessment of manpower and capabilities. “In particular, the report concludes that there should be a moratorium on defence cuts until this reassessment exercise is concluded.” In 2020, the Government pledged to spend an extra £24billion on defence over the following five years, but the committee said there was “still substantial scope for more spending as befits what many regard as the beginning of the New Cold War”. DON'T MISS World War 3 'has begun' Putin puppets give up on 'special operation'  [INSIGHT] China violates Taiwanese airspace with 30 warplanes [ANALYSIS] Why Turkey doesn't want Finland to join NATO - 'give us terrorists' [INSIGHT] It has also been reported that Defence Secretary Ben Wallace is pressuring Chancellor Rishi Sunak to give him more funds. Speaking at the National Army Museum in Chelsea, Mr Wallace also appeared to directly call for increased defence spending. He said: "I have always said as a threat changes, so should our funding. "No different from other parts of Government, if pressure on the NHS goes up, that gets met with money. If the threat changes, then that should. "If it goes down, be prepared for what you wish for, because if the threat goes down, maybe defence spending. So, I think it's up to me to present a case about the threat and what we need to do to counter it. "Then it's a discussion about the Government, about its appetite. For decades, defence spending has been at risk for a number of things, but one common risk has been Government's appetite has never matched its budget. It has done more than it can afford."