British world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has spectacularly refuted speculation he is in talks to cut short retirement and face the winner of the bout between Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk. The Gypsy King announced his intention to retire after he defeated Dillian Whyte back in April. After knocking out Whyte in April at Wembley Stadium, Fury announced his retirement but the 33-year-old has reportedly continued to train twice a day and has not given a deadline to vacate his title by the WBC. It suggests that the Brit is working out to stay in shape in case the opportunity arises to fight with the winner of the rematch between Usyk and Joshua on July 23. Michael Benson originally took to Twitter to reveal Fury was in talks with ’Saudi Arabia reps’ to face the winner of the rematch in an undisputed heavyweight title fight. The bout was slated to go down on December 17th, just before the World Cup final in Qatar. However, Fury emphatically shut down such rumours and speculation. He reshared Benson’s tweet and wrote: “This is all news to me! Biggest load of rubbish ever!” READ MORE: Tommy Fury sent message about 'average' Jake Paul from Eddie Hearn Fury’s US promoter Bob Arum is confident that the Mancunian will return to the squared circle to attempt to unify the division and become undisputed heavyweight champion of the world. Speaking to Fight Hype, Arum said: “Well, I think Fury is going to wait to see how the Joshua fight comes out with Usyk, and then he'll make a determination whether he wants to continue. “Other than fighting the winner of Joshua-Usyk, there's really nothing that's really of interest to Tyson Fury, so we will have to see.” Joshua was outclassed by Usyk in their first clash, with the former undisputed cruiserweight champion securing the WBA (Super), IBF, WBO and IBO heavyweight titles. Usyk dominated the Brit at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium to win via unanimous decision. DON'T MISSBoxer wanted to take own life after opponent died from injuriesHatton thinks Fury will unretire due to 'boils on backside'Serrano ‘doesn’t want to entertain’ Taylor rematch says Hearn The Gypsy King is considered the best heavyweight in the division and arguably of the generation after defeating the likes of Wladimir Klitschko and Deontay Wilder, with his epic grudge trilogy against the American captivating the boxing world. As a result, Fury is the current No. 1 fighter in the division. Fury has reportedly verbally agreed to a hybrid boxing bout with UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou in 4 oz MMA gloves. No date or venue has been confirmed, but the contest is allegedly set to take place in early 2023.