Sir Roger Gale claimed Boris Johnson would not go immediately but predicted more "significant elephant traps" for the Prime Minister in the coming weeks. The Prime Minister has been facing consistent calls for him to resign as Prime Minister due to the published Sue Gray report on his and other top Tory MP's behaviour. Sir Roger went on to berate Mr Johnson for not following the rules of Parliament that he had spent his adult life following. BBC radio host Nick Robinson asked: “Sir Roger Gale had been one of his most persistent public critics. "Sir Roger Gale, you're here talking to all the cameras in the central lobby and no doubt saying Boris Johnson's got to go, he isn’t going to go is he?” Sir Roger told Radio 4's Today programme: “He’s not going to go immediately, I will be surprised if he's still here at Number 10 Downing Street by the late autumn. “There are significant elephant traps ahead, there is the by-election results, there is the report of the privileges committee and no doubt there will be other mistakes.” JUST IN: Can Labour call a vote of no confidence? Keir rages as Boris wins vote 'Unfit for office!'    Mr Robinson said: “I’ve just been speaking to veterans of the Margaret Thatcher leadership contest, Boris Johnson did worse than Margaret Thatcher. "But they say it doesn't matter the cabinet is still with Boris Johnson they weren't with her.” Sir Roger added: “I think the matter is that the understanding of probity in this building has changed since Margaret Thatcher, even since Theresa May.” Mr Robinson said: “In other words, Boris Johnson doesn’t follow the rules you've spent your whole adult life believing in.” READ MORE:'Put it behind us!' Boris vows to 'unite' Tory Party after narrowly seeing off rebels  He added: “I think that’s a fair comment.” The Tory grandee has been vocal about his calls for Mr Johnson to resign over his behaviour at Downing Street during the lockdowns of 2020. The Met and civil servant Sue Gray have both published their own separate investigations into the rule breaks. The results of the findings from the investigations have caused public backlash for Mr Johnson. DON'T MISS:Unable to unseat Boris, unsure of what to do next Tories in a mess [COMMENT]Boris vows to 'unite' Tory Party after narrowly seeing off rebels [REACTION]Ex-Tory leader calls on Boris to quit following confidence vote [UPDATE]  Mr Johnson won by 59 percent so he will remain as Prime Minister for the foreseeable future. Some Tory MPs are not happy about Mr Johnson's win, although he received fewer votes than former Prime Ministers Margaret Thatcher and Theresa May. Conservative MP John Penrose handed in his resignation this morning, after working for the Prime Minister as an anti-corruption tsar. Mr Penrose gave the reason that it was "pretty clear" Mr Johnson had broken the Ministerial Code. Mr Penrose: "The only fair conclusion to draw from the Sue Gray report is that you have breached a fundamental principle of the Ministerial Code - a clear resigning matter. "But your letter to your independent adviser on the Ministerial Code ignores this absolutely central, non-negotiable issue completely. "And, if it had addressed it, it is hard to see how it could have reached any other conclusion than that you had broken the code." 