BBC Weather's Alina Jenkins said Brits can expect sunshine on Thursday and Friday but warned thunderstorms will creep in on Saturday. She said: "For many of us today we've been dodging showers. There has been some heavy and frequent particularly down the eastern side of the country. It will be fading in the hours ahead and the forecast overnight is for much of the UK to become dry and clear. "A cool night wherever you are, 5C to 9C and a few areas could dip down 3C or 4C. "Tomorrow we've got this area of high pressure, that's the prominent feature. "Plenty of sunshine to start Thursday. "For a large swathe of England and Wales which has seen frequent showers in the past few days, it will be much drier and warmer as well. READ MORE: British beaches PACKED as holidaymakers rush to coast to soak up sun  "Temperatures in the mid to high teens for many but 21C, maybe 22C for central southern England." She added: "For the Platinum Jubilee weekend, it is looking warmer across the UK. "Some spells of sunshine for many but an increasing chance of some showers and thunderstorms particularly on Saturday and Sunday." As the UK prepares to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, drier and warmer weather is on the way though showers threaten to dampen the festivities in some areas. The four-day bank holiday will start off fine and bright for most, with Thursday the best day for people across the country to enjoy street parties, barbecues and other outdoor events, according to the Met Office. Thursday, when the official programme kicks off with the Trooping the Colour military spectacle in central London, is "looking good", Met Office spokesperson Oli Claydon said. There will be sunny spells and temperatures are set to hit 22C in the south, though rain is likely in western Scotland and Northern Ireland. Mr Claydon told the PA news agency: "If you look at the UK as a whole, Thursday is the better day but if you're further north, the weather is staying brighter and finer and drier more consistently through the weekend." Friday - when a traditional service of thanksgiving will be held at St Paul's Cathedral - will start dry and bright for the majority of the UK. DON'T MISS BBC Weather: Jubilee weekend set for mix of sunshine and showers [INSIGHT]Tips for driving an EV in warm weather [ANALYSIS]Britain set for thunder and 'sustained' downpours in Jubilee 'washout' [VIDEO] However, "it's a bit of a mixed picture depending on where you are", with "increasing cloud and then some showers moving into the south-west and also Northern Ireland", Mr Claydon said. A few showers could spread across the south of the UK throughout the day, while some sunshine is expected in other areas, driving up temperatures to 23C. Saturday looks dry, with temperatures in the low 20s and spells of sunshine for much of the country as an area of high pressure moves in. But a plume of warm air brings a risk of some heavy showers to areas "south of the M4" in England, Mr Claydon said, threatening the Epsom Derby and later the BBC's Party at the Palace open-air concert.