Boris Johnson won the support of 211 MPs, but 41 percent of his party ultimately voted against him. Andrew Marr said that as a citizen he feels “deeply depressed” about the result as he forecast the Prime Minister’s win only result in “a lot of stories and yellaboo politics” in Westminster. The UK needs “a clear and decisive leadership”, he stressed after concluding the current result “is not going to be good for the country”. The LBC radio host said: “It seems to me that what we have here tonight is the best possible result for the Labour Party. “There is going to be more blood in the water, more pain, more agonies for the Conservatives going forward. “And the worst possible result for the country. “Particularly at this time, what we need is a clear, decisive leadership taking us in a reforming and successful direction. “I don’t think this is going to give us a better government. “It’s going to give us a lot of stories. “It’s going to give us a lot of yellaboo politics and fun in Westminster. “But it’s not going to be good for the country. READ MORE: Boris snub leaves ‘Brexiteers furious' as expert brands PM a ‘loner’ “And I just don’t see how Boris Johnson can deliver that after this result. “I think he’s going to be blocked in almost every direction however he moves. “We’re supposed to be delighted by political scandals and problems. “And in a sense, I am as this is going to provide the material for weeks and months to come [as a broadcaster]. DON'T MISS: Devastated family ordered to demolish summerhouse and 'eyesore' fence [WATCH]Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [LISTEN]Trans cyclists beat women riders in new ‘inclusive’ race [INSIGHT] “But as a citizen and after that Jubilee celebration, I feel deeply depressed. The confidence vote, announced yesterday by Chairman of the Backbench 1922 Committee Sir Graham Brady, saw the Prime Minister winning the support of 211 MPs, despite 148 having voted against him. According to the rules of the 1992 Committee, the victory suggests that Boris Johnson is now theoretically safe from another leadership challenge for a year. In light of the result, Johnson commented on his victory and said the result was “extremely good, positive, conclusive, decisive”. He also stressed that the win would allow him to “move on to unite and focus on delivery”.