Bradley Cooper, 47, has become a very successful actor and has even shown his talent in directing in the bustling Hollywood scene. However, not everyone has appreciated the actor's success, with Bradley revealing that an unnamed Hollywood actor questioned his seven Oscar nominations. Bradley featured on Jason Bateman, Will Arnett and Sean Hayes podcast Smartless, where he opened up about the interaction that happened four years ago. The Hollywood A-lister said he was at a party and, at the time, he had seven Oscar nominations to his name. Speaking at the event, he said: "This director guy - I'm standing next to a woman, who's a dear friend and an actress. "He was like, 'What world are we living in where you have seven nominations and she's only got three? What is wrong?' READ MORE: 'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny "I was like, 'I f***ing hate this business. "I'm like, 'Bro, why are you such an a**hole? Like, go f**k yourself'." Bradley is the recipient of several accolades, including a British Academy Film Award and two Grammy Awards. He has also been nominated for nine Academy Awards, six Golden Globe Awards, and a Tony Award. The actor is currently filming for Maestro, for which he is also directing, taking the role from Steven Spielberg. Bradley has completely transformed for the role, as he sports grey hair and appears to wear prosthetics to get into the character of conductor and composer Leonard Bernstein. The biopic will follow the musician's works behind the scenes in productions such as West Side Story, as well as covering his relationship with his wife Felicia Cohn Montealegre. Throughout their romance, the couple had two engagements, a 25-year marriage, and three children, all while Leonard struggled to come to terms with his sexuality. DON'T MISS... 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [COMMENT] Denise Welch breaks cover after angry viewers told host 'to be quiet' [PICS] Davina McCall flaunts bikini body as she shares ‘diary post’ of trip [INSTAGRAM] Maestro also stars Carey Mulligan as Bernstein’s wife Felicia. Bradley has also written the screenplay, and is serving as a producer and director on the film. This is not his first time directing, making his directorial debut with 2018's A Star is Born. With Lady Gaga starring alongside him, the film went on to receive eight Oscar nominations, six Grammy nominations, and five Golden Globe nominations. Although all is going amazingly for Bradley now, he also revealed on the podcast that he struggled in the early noughties prior to his fame. Speaking about the time in his life, he said: "I was so lost and I was addicted to cocaine, that was the other thing. "I will say this - I did have the benefit of that happening when I was 29. "So at 29, it wasn't really until [The] Hangover - I was 36 when I did The Hangover - so I got to go through all of those things before fame even played into my existence on a daily level." Will Arnett was married to Amy Poehler at the time, and he credits them for helping him out of the situation.