Merseyside Police said it received a report shots had been fired in the Everton Brow area at about 10.30pm on Tuesday (June 21). An injured male was also seen, according to the force.   Emergency services arrived to find a male with gunshot wounds to his leg on Everton Brow. He was taken to hospital where he was treated for non-life threatening injuries. Police received another report at about 10.45pm that a second male had turned up at the Royal Liverpool Hospital with gunshot wounds. Merseyside Police said he was reportedly dropped off at the hospital on an electric bike which then made off down Prescot Road. Everton Road and Heyworth Street were cordoned off by police shortly after midnight on Wednesday, June 22. The closure has been in place for more than nine hours between Cresswell Street to Lloyd Close.   The second male is also currently receiving treatment for non-life threatening injuries, police said. Detectives are scouring CCTV, and making house-to-house enquiries while there is also a police presence at the Royal Hospital this morning. Officers are appealing for anyone with any information to get in touch.Police are also looking to trace a red white and blue motocross bike which was reportedly seen in the Everton Brow area at the time of the incident.   READ MORE ABOUT A GB NEWS GUEST SHUTTING DOWN A PANELIST SUPPORTING RAIL STRIKES Detective Chief Inspector Rachel Wilson said: "The investigation is in its early stages and we are working tirelessly to establish the full circumstances of a shooting last night which left two people injured. "Fortunately, neither male has suffered life-threatening injuries and at this stage we believe this was a targeted attack with no wider threat to the local community. "Nonetheless, this would have been an extremely shocking incident for anyone to witness. We have a large police presence in the area carrying out inquiries and I would encourage people to come forward and tell us what they know." Anyone who witnessed the incident or has information should contact @MerPolCC or call 101 with reference  22000433807. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.  DON'T MISS: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes [LATEST] Trinny Woodall's skincare regime for fighting 'sag' and jowls [REVEALED] Musk mystery as 'four unidentified payloads' spark fears [REPORT] DCI Wilson said: "If you were driving in the Everton Road or Prescot Road areas last night and have dashcam footage, then please review it and if you saw either of the bikes then let us know. "Similarly, I would ask anyone who was in the area, who may have seen anyone acting suspiciously to contact us. I would also urge anyone in the area who thinks they may have captured anything significant on their mobile phone or Ring doorbell to contact us as a matter of urgency as footage they have could be vital to our investigation."There is no room for guns on the streets of Merseyside and we will do everything within our power to ensure those responsible are brought to justice." Liverpool Community Policing Superintendent Diane Pownall said the force understood how concerning news of the incident will be for local residents.  She added: "I would like to reassure the community that the work between our local policing team and partners to ensure that Everton Park is a green space that we can all enjoy continues, following reports of anti-social behaviour we've received over the last few weeks. "Our officers are committed to eradicating the harm that the illegal and anti-social use of off-road bikes cause to the community in Everton." The cordon in Everton Road extends across a large plot of grass, according to photos from the scene. Forensics officers have been combing the area. Traffic monitoring site Inrix said the A580 Heyworth Street and Everton Road in both directions has been closed due to a police incident between Cresswell Street and Lloyd Close.  It added that traffic is "coping well". Buses serving the area have also been diverted. Superintendent Pownall said: "Through regular high-visibility patrols and partnership working we will continue to make sure Everton Park is a green space for everyone to enjoy the good weather we’ll be having over the next few days and over the rest of summer. "If you have any information about the incident last night or any concerns about criminality in the Everton Park area then do come and speak to our officers."