John McEnroe has warned Andy Murray that his second-round Wimbledon opponent John Isner has the best serve in the history of tennis, and his playing style will be “like paint drying”. The Brit faces American Isner on Centre Court in a bid to secure a place in the third round. Speaking ahead of Emma Raducanu’s defeat to Caroline Garcia, Sue Barker said that McEnroe claimed that John Isner is the greatest server in the history of tennis. “Oh I don’t think there’s any question about that," McEnroe replied during the BBC’s Wimbledon coverage. "There has been great servers, [Nick] Kyrgios serves big, Goran Ivanisevic who is up in that box, Pete Sampras, you remember the old Croat, he is no longer with us, he was out there, Ivo Karlovic caused a lot of problems. “But with Isner you are not going to have a lot of long points, it can get a little old, like paint-drying, ‘Here we go again’, but he doesn’t care, he loves it. He doesn’t want to give you any rhythm. READ MORE Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal risk ending 21-year Wimbledon record after slow start  “Murray is one of the all-time great returners, the question is how he is going to recover in best of five sets matches. It has taken so long, he has worked so hard to get back to this point god bless this guy. He loves it so much, maybe more than he did than when he was number one in the world in a way, which sounds crazy, but just the opportunity to go out there. “For me, his movement is not what it was at his peak but it’s better than it has been in five or seven years. I suspect he knows John went 7-5 in the fifth, he knows the serve is the last thing that is going to go, he won’t be running a whole lot but that will catch up to him in the end. I see Andy getting through it but we are not talking about two spring chickens up here, none of them.” DON'T MISS  Isner is aiming to break the all-time aces record against Murray, with the 37-year-old just 40 short of Karlovic’s record. Isner has produced 13,688 aces and he is now 40 shy of Karlovic's record of 13,728 on the ATP Tour. Despite hitting 54 aces in his first-round match victory over Enzo Couacaud, Isner knows it will be tough to claim the record against Murray. “Andy is a different animal,” Isner said. “He's much harder to ace because his anticipation is just amazing. “He's so comfortable on the grass, more comfortable than I am. He has a lot more wins at this tournament than I do. Grass maybe is his best surface, it's probably not my best surface. But it does a lot of good on my serve.”