Six unlucky-in-love romantic hopefuls are going to be hoping to meet their soulmate in Amazon Prime Video’s The One That Got Away. The show will see this group of guys and girls hoping to meet the one when they will be coming face to face with some of their past loves. The One That Got Away is hosted by Australian-American pop star Betty Who, who will be guiding the singletons on their journey to love. Allysa Hailing from Houston, Texas, Allysa always felt like something of a misfit until she went to college in California, where she discovered a passion for self-care and fitness. Her time at college has helped her to become the confident and vivacious woman she is today. Allysa is described as believing in manifestation - believing something and making it so - with the hopes of being reunited with a former flame. She also keeps a note of all the men she knows in a journal with the hopes of meeting Mr Right. Jeff Living in New York City, Jeff is an outgoing and adventurous type, who grew up playing sports as a way to fit in with the straight crowd. But at the age of 21, he came out and is now proudly living his dream life which includes jet-setting around the globe. Jeff started a gay travel blog in a bid to connect with the LGBTQ+ community worldwide, sharing their coming out stories. He often met potential partners on holiday but the time has finally come for Jeff to settle down with the blogger hoping to meet his ideal match on the show. Kasey Coming from a strict and traditional background, Kasey excels at everything she’s done in her life whether it’s academia or sports. She recently ended her seven-and-a-half-year relationship with the man she thought she would marry. Kasey and her ex-boyfriend had two dogs and a car together but she later realised she needed to put herself first. She is hoping to find the right person for her and is just as determined in her romantic ambitions as she is in other areas of her life. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Sam Heughan shares disappointing season 7 update [INSIGHT]When will Death in Paradise return? [EXPLAINER]Monty Don stuns fans as he announces change to Gardeners' World [UPDATE] Ashley In contrast, Ashley is from a rural town in the Midwest and is something of a country girl who spends her spare time raising chickens. She is a successful healthcare worker and works as a CT scan technologist. However, her love life has proved challenging after a bad relationship when she was 17 made it hard for her to return to dating. Nigel Nigel is a successful real estate professional living in Los Angeles, however, the former college basketball player is tired of playing the field and is ready to find the one. He’s hoping to meet his future wife on the show and plans not to miss out after meeting women previously who have taught him a lot about himself. Vince Lawyer Vince is busy either in the courtroom or when he’s not working you’ll find him playing volleyball on a sun-drenched beach. He is a first-generation Chinese-Taiwanese-American and met his first love at the tender age of 17 with the couple together for nearly nine years. The couple had a thriving business together but sadly, the pair called it quits after nearly a decade. Vince felt they were better off as friends and now he’s hoping to find the right woman for him - and his dog Leo. The One That Got Away launches on Amazon Prime Video on June 24