Tottenham are expected to announce the signing of Richarlison within the next 24 hours after reaching an agreement in principle with Everton. The Brazilian star is reportedly set to undergo a medical on Thursday, which should precede his announcement as Antonio Conte's fourth new arrival of a productive summer. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy has already overseen deals for Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma over the past few weeks. And more are in the pipeline as the club attempt to put Conte in the best position to challenge for silverware next term. According to The Athletic, Tottenham and Everton reached a full agreement in principle on Wednesday regarding a deal that could total £60million. Richarlison is due to undergo his medical on Thursday. UOLESporte have reported that Spurs want the deal done by Friday, with it seemingly now just hours until the move is official. It is a move that would grant Conte more attacking depth. And that's just as well after they finished fourth last term to set up a campaign of Champions League football. Spurs' attack is notoriously dangerous, but options to take the pressure off Harry Kane and Heung-min Son on a weekly basis are seen as a necessity to reach the next level. JUST IN: Thierry Henry insisted Anthony Martial was 'exactly' like him as Man Utd exit expected Richarlison was expected to leave Goodison Park after their brush with relegation last season. The Toffees are not in the best financial health, and a £60m purse should relieve the owners and perhaps give Frank Lampard some money to spend on bolstering the squad. The 25-year-old scored 10 and assisted five in the Premier League last campaign, and he is famed for his tenacity and work rate. That attitude has been known to spill over, however, and Conte will look to tame the forward who, despite having spent the past five seasons at the top level, is still something of a raw talent. DON'T MISSMan Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck'Arsenal 'respond' after receiving William Saliba transfer proposalRaphinha makes transfer decision affecting Arsenal and Spurs after Barcelona agent meeting If Richarlison is unveiled within the next 24 hours, Barcelona defender Clement Lenglet may not be long after him as transfer expert Gianluca Di Marzio reported that a loan deal between the sides was 'done'. Spurs look set to miss out on their top centre-back target, Alessandro Bastoni, but have move swiftly to secure another option that will give Conte more peace of mind at the back. The 27-year-old traded Sevilla for Barca in 2018, making 160 appearances for La Blaugrana before being deemed surplus to requirements by Xavi. A fourth and fifth arrival of the summer would come in stark contrast to what happened in January, when Conte was made to wait until deadline day to welcome his first and only two recruits of the window.  "For sure it was strange to send out on loan four players and one transfer in January, it showed something went wrong in the past," he said at the time. "Maybe there were some mistakes in the past. "You have to buy players to reinforce your team but if you send away players that you bought in the last two or three years it means you did something wrong in the past. I have my vision and I am here to help the club. In the past I have built good structure and teams that have lasted time, even without me." 