Thousands of fans flocking to West Sussex this year will be expecting plenty of drama. And, the festival is well prepared to deliver. Among hundreds of supercars and electric vehicles, the spectators will also be treated to shows put on by F1 cars. F1’s George Russell is set to grace Goodwood with his presence this weekend. The Mercedes driver will take part in the famous hill climb driving the 2019 Mercedes-AMG F1 W10 EQ Power+. And, the double World Championship-winning car is set to raise some eyebrows. F1 cars will take to the hill on Sunday at 12.20pm and 14.30pm. READ MORE: Red Arrows stun in incredible fly over at Goodwood Festival of Speed The usual F1 stars will also be in attendance. This includes the 1992 world champion Nigel Mansell. Hill climbing at Goodwood is a historic event dating all the way back to 1936. In 1936, the grandfather of the current Duke of Richmond and Gordon hosted an event on the estate. DON'T MISS BMW fans to get first glimpse of new M3 Touring at Goodwood today [INSIGHT] Electric car aiming to go from 0 to 60mph in under 1.5 seconds [REVEAL] Goodwood Festival of Speed will promote switch to EVs with new feature [INSIGHT] The hillclimb event has featured ever since. Last year it was Rob Bell who won the shootout in the McLaren 720S GT3. The McLaren climbed the hill in 45.01 seconds. Sunday promises to bring plenty of excitement to spectators. Not only will there be drama involving F1 cars, but it will also be the last chance for motoring enthusiasts to enjoy features such as the Rally Stage, car manufacturer stands and the paddocks. Spectators attending the festival will also be able to see the new ElectraMeccanica Solo. Described by organisers as one of the “quirkiest” EVs, the car is an all-electric urban three-wheeler. It has two wheels at the front and one at the back. Looks-wise, it has a fairly conventional face and a streamlined rear end. It has been previously described as a more refined version of any urban mobility solutions drivers have seen so far. Kevin Pavlov, CEO of ElectraMeccanica, said: “The way we know travel today is outdated. “Everything, from infrastructure to fuelling, parking and delivery, was built for and around the car instead of people. “As our needs, lifestyles and behaviours change, so too must the way we get around. "At ElectraMeccanica, we’re embracing and building for that long-awaited change – and modernising mobility for what it needs to be today. “I’m immensely looking forward to seeing the UK’s reaction to SOLO first-hand at Goodwood.” The car was produced in Vancouver, Canada. It is coming to Goodwood from the other side of the world and gives spectators a glimpse of the future of urban motoring.