The study revealed that Cornwall and North Wales are the UK's most popular and family-friendly staycation areas. According to holidaycottages.co.uk, searches for "Cornwall family breaks" have increased by 100 percent making it, once again, the most popular staycation. The Cornish coast tops the list for the best places to go with the family, as it has the most beautiful and best family-friendly beaches in the UK. Some of the most popular beaches are in Bude, Newquay and St Ives. Wales is the perfect destination for a family staycation, with over 400 castles to explore, family attractions and stunning beaches. READ MORE: Ryanair strikes: Planned walkout dates and countries affected  According to the study, searches for "family accommodation North Wales" have risen by 100 percent in the past year making it one of the most sought-after destinations this summer. The Lake District National Park is one of the most idyllic places in the UK to visit with the family. There are plenty of activities for all ages, including the National Trust houses, the Beatrix Potter museum and fun boat excursions. Tripadvisor user @robnh61, who recently visited lake Windermere, in the Lake District, explained: "Stunning scenery. "We took the cruiser from Lakeside to Bowness which meanders up the lake at a leisurely pace.  "There is some stunning scenery, as well as some fabulous houses to see. "There are also some lovely walks from various points." Searches for "family resorts in Scotland" have also risen this year. The popular spot has beautiful beaches, castles and national parks, perfect to visit with the family. READ MORE: Flight cancellations IN FULL - what to expect this summer  Scotland is also one of the best places in the UK to spot wildlife, with seals, dolphins and humpback whales off the coast, red squirrels, and red deers. With its beautiful scenery, Norfolk is one of the best places to visit for families of outdoor explorers. Travellers can take a scenic boat trip along the waterways of the Norfolk Broads, spot seals at Blakeney or venture along the Norfolk Coast Path. Norfolk also boasts beautiful beaches with hidden, sandy coves along the way, perfect for a relaxing staycation away from the airport chaos. Digital PR Manager at holidaycottages.co.uk, Shannon Keary, said: “UK staycations continue to be a perfect alternative for a summer break with the family. "With plenty on offer, from magical fauna to breathtaking walking trails, there are many regions to explore and experience the UK’s natural wonders. “For the thrill-seekers among us, our research shows there are plenty of activities to get your adrenaline pumping the length and breadth of the country, from Lake District to Cornwall. "We hope our research will give some insight for families looking to plan a UK staycation this summer.”