Everton boss Frank Lampard will once again turn to his former side to aid him in the summer transfer market, as well as preying on old rivals Tottenham. The Chelsea legend narrowly avoided relegation with Everton last season, and the pressure will be on to make a positive start in August. Lampard has already convinced defender James Tarkowski to join the Toffees after his contract at Burnley expired, but further additions are being targeted from London. The Everton boss is keen to bolster his midfield, and he has expressed interest in both Conor Gallagher and Billy Gilmour in a bid to solve his problems, according to The Times. Lampard is also bracing himself for a raid of Richarlison, as interest in the Brazilian intensifies, but he could use the situation to his advantage. The report states that with Tottenham showing serious interest in Richarlison, Lampard could demand Harry Winks and Lucas Moura in return. Antonio Conte has reportedly put both stars up for sale, and Everton could demand they trade both players and some cash for their prized asset. JUST IN: Tottenham may have secret weapon next year in star who Mourinho rated This is Lampard's third managerial job, but he has never been too far away from his beloved Chelsea in one way or another. Lampard's first big gig was Derby, and he took on the likes of Mason Mount and Fikayo Tomori on loan in a bid to earn promotion from the Championship. They fell at the final hurdle, but shortly after Lampard was given the Chelsea job, but was sacked after 18 months in charge. Now at Everton, Lampard just about guided the Toffees to safety, but he may resort back to what he knows best and look to take on some of Chelsea's stars. DON'T MISS Both Gallagher and Gilmour are in Chelsea's long-term plans, and the latter has just signed a new contract at the club. After a breakthrough year on loan at Crystal Palace, Gallagher has reportedly been promised a first-team chance by Thomas Tuchel. Therefore, it makes a potential loan move possible for Gilmour, with only one loan per club allowed between Premier League sides. But away from the loan market, Everton could secure permanent deals for both Winks and Moura. Tottenham are said to be seriously interested in Richarlison, as Conte is being given the statement summer that he was promised by Daniel Levy. But with Everton valuing their Brazilian at well over £50million, Tottenham could instead offer players to drive down the outright fee. It looks like it could be finally time for Winks to move on, and the England midfielder could thrive under Lampard, and next to former team-mate Dele Alli. And with one Brazilian forward potentially departing, Everton could replace him with another. The arrival of Dejan Kulusevski has pushed Moura towards the exit door, with more forwards being targeted by Tottenham. But if they can get rid of their surplus stars, and Everton can strengthen as a result, it's a no brainer. Both teams have their own targets ahead of next season, and they could bounce off each other to get there. It's not often that Lampard cooperates with Tottenham, but it may be necessary this summer.