The Money Saving Expert founder took to Twitter to urge Britons to "act as soon as possible" before things get even worse. In the past, he’s hesitated against advising Britons to switch but says energy bills spiked again this week. Some 22 million families who are currently on the standard energy price cap due to a lack of other options could benefit from Martin Lewis’ latest advice. The financial journalist has taken to social media to warn Britons that energy firms could be about to remove their cheapest energy fixes and now is the time to act. He wrote on Twitter: “It's plausible energy firms will pull the cheapest existing customer fixes and replace with costlier. “If you are considering fixing, my best guess is go ASAP.” READ MORE: When Universal Credit claimants will get first instalment of £1,200 Express.co.uk reported him hinting at switching energy deals during an interview with BBC Radio 5 Live presenter Nihal Arthanayake earlier this month. Martin said: “If you can find a deal around 30 percent more than the current price cap then it’s probably worth doing. “The cheapest open market fix at the moment - forget it - it’s 42 percent.” The energy price cap increased by more than half (54) percent in April and is expected to rise again this October. DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions  [ALERT]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]Urgent scam warning - Devastating new fraud could cost you thousands [WARNING] This means someone on typical usage could soon receive yearly bills of £2,800, according to Ofgem. In a one hour Cost of Living TV Special earlier this month, Mr Lewis gave some valuable advice to a caller after his direct debit was hiked. During the show, Roger called in to ask his advice after his energy company put his direct debit up three and a half times from £46 to £160. Mr Lewis said while it’s not unusual for someone’s bill to increase by up to two and a half times, three and a half times seemed extreme. He also suggested Britons ask their existing energy provider for a fixed energy deal if it works out at no more than 30 percent above the current price cap. Martin said: “If you can find a deal around 30 percent more than the current price cap then it’s probably worth doing. “The cheapest open market fix at the moment - forget it - it’s 42 percent.” Meanwhile, Britons can expect Cost of Living payments from July 14 to help pay for soaring energy costs. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some eight million households will benefit from the extra cash announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak. Households who rely on Universal Credit will receive their first instalment of around £326 from July 14. The second instalment is due in Autumn. Pensioners will receive an extra £300 to help them survive the colder months.