The ITV documentary highlighted the Sussex Police investigation into the death of nine cats in Brighton which were killed by Steven Bouquet in 2018 and 2019. The programme aired the horrifying moment a CCTV camera captured Bouquet stabbing a kitten in a passageway as well as his police interviews following his arrest. Many viewers were left in tears over the documentary with some having to "switch off".  How to Catch a Cat Killer, which aired on Wednesday night, follows the story of how cat owners in Brighton united to catch an unknown killer who was preying on their beloved pets. Bouquet was eventually found to have killed nine cats and injured seven more in and around Brighton in less than nine months. The first reports were received in late 2018 and Bouquet was sentenced for his vile crimes in September 2021. Within the documentary, Bouquet is seen in CCTV footage stabbing a nine-month-old cat called Hendrix in Brighton in May 2019. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' Dozens of viewers were left "horrified" by the content of the documentary and hit out on social media about its graphic nature. ITV has been contacted by Express.co.uk for a comment about the criticism. Polly tweeted: "Absolutely no need to air this programme. Totally sick. Giving him notoriety which he is probably loving. A switch off for me. #HowToCatchACatKiller." (sic) An upset Mel added: "Being an animal lover I found #HowtoCatchaCatKiller so disturbing. I'm glad I only caught the end and didn't watch all of it." Anna Elizabeth Morgan fumed: "Who thought this would be a good idea #howtocatchacatkiller to watch on a Wednesday night? It's horrible, it's sick. I hope a lot of people complain about it, this is really upsetting. Clearly, something needs to be done against these cat killers. #itv."  Aden Leigh said: "@itv am I really seeing this listing for #ITV at 9pm? Come on time to put something decent on. No more #longlostlives, #howtocatchacatkiller,or some #cookingcompetion. If you got nothing in the can then show some #film or something from the vault of past prime dramas?" (sic) Other viewers thought it was important to air the documentary, with Suzy commenting: "The only satisfying thing about this documentary is that we now all know this monster’s name and face. #Howtocatchacatkiller." @Purpleglostick added: "Still trying to get my head around ITV’s documentary #HowtocatchaCatKiller. At least the outcome is final so he’ll never be able to hurt/inflict pain ever again!" (sic) Bouquet was jailed for five years and three months after being found guilty by a jury of 16 counts of criminal damage and one count of possession of a knife in a public place. DON'T MISS...Plant warning: 6 flowers that are poisonous to cats - ' most toxic' [EXPLAINER]Woman spends £4,000 on having pet cat stuffed [PICTURES]Animal charities receive £1.7billion more than human charities  [INSIGHT] The convicted animal killer later died in prison in January 2022. During sentencing at Hove Crown Court, the judge told Bouquet his behaviour was “cruel, sustained and struck at the very heart of family life”. Bouquet, who was from Brighton and Hove, was a former Royal Navy gunner who served in Northern Ireland. But he was a security guard at a shopping centre at the time of his criminal activity.  The nine cats he killed were called Gizmo, Kyo, Ollie, Cosmo Hendrix, Tommy, Hannah, Alan and Nancy. He never admitted to killing and torturing cats and told Sussex Police he was "no threat" to animals. During his trial, jurors heard accounts from owners who had found their cats bleeding on their doorsteps. How to Catch a Cat Killer is available to watch on ITV Hub. 