Currently, inflation in the UK stands at nine percent and households across the nation are experiencing an energy bill rise of £693 annually. On top of this, financial analysts believe the inflation rate will hit ten percent in the coming months and the head of the country’s energy regulator believes the energy price cap will reach £2,800 by October. In response to this, Rishi Sunak announced a series of financial support packages last month in a bid to aid vulnerable groups such as pensioners. Around eight million pensioners who receive the Winter Fuel Payment will get an extra £300 in November or December to address the rise in energy bills. Furthermore, another six million disabled Britons will be able to get £150 paid into their accounts if they receive certain qualifying benefits. Due to many pensioners having health conditions or ailments, they could end up claiming this extra payment. To get this support, claimants must have started getting their qualifying DWP benefits from May 25. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Among the qualifying benefit payments include Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment, Attendance Allowance, Scottish Disability Benefits, Armed Forces Independence Payment, Constant Attendance Allowance, and War Pension Mobility Supplement. On top of this, every household in the UK is set to get a £400 discount off their energy bills from October. Unlike the previously announced energy bill rebate, this will be a non-repayable grant. However, families will not get the £400 sent to their bank or building society account all at once and it will be delivered within the span of six months from October 2022 to March 2023. Helen Morrissey, a senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, discussed her concern over Mr Sunak’s plans.  Ms Morrisey explained: “The chancellor’s promise to deliver support worth £850 to pensioner households is welcome but the Autumn delivery date does not help those struggling in the here and now. “Many will have received their £150 council tax rebate already but the £300 extra being paid to those receiving Winter Fuel Payment is not due to arrive until Autumn as will the now £400 energy bill grant. “Many pensioners are already struggling with their budgets and the prospect of waiting several more months for support will come as little comfort. The DWP has prior received criticism for benefit payments and the state pension only being increased by 3.1 percent in line with last year’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation. However, with the promise the triple lock on state pensions will return, older Britons could be in line for a sharp increase to their state pension next April. The financial expert noted that older Britons are set to see an increase to their state pension payments as of next year, however will not be implemented until way after inflation and energy bills have gone up. She added: “The Chancellor did confirm the pension triple lock would be back next year and added if inflation remains high then pensioners will receive a further boost. “But again that is not until next April and many pensioners will need to battle through a winter where their costs will likely soar. “Pensioners on a low income must check to see if they qualify for Pension Credit. “This is a valuable, but underclaimed benefit that also acts as a gateway to further help such as the warm home discount scheme and help with bills. “Pensioners on a low income should check to see if they qualify for Pension Credit as the extra support can really add up and help them through the difficult months ahead.”