Toto Wolff has claimed that his Mercedes team do want anything ‘gifted’ to them and that they want to achieve success on merit. The Silver Arrows have struggled during the current Formula One season and sit just third in the Constructors Championship, over 100 points behind leaders Red Bull. Despite winning the last eight Constructors Championships the Brackley based team have struggled to adapt to the new regulations brought in for this season. Cars now have to include ground effect in order to encourage closer racing. However, Mercedes have struggled to control a bouncing effect linked to the new regulations called porpoising which has seen the W13 lose downforce - and hence speed. The team have only claimed three podiums so far with two for George Russell and one for Lewis Hamilton, each time in third place. They only came as a result of technical problems for frontrunners Red Bull and Ferrari which has disappointed Wolff. “We have had a few podiums but this is only when something goes wrong in the front," the team boss said. "At the moment, I don’t want anything for us gifted. “Our team is only third on the road and that is why the fifth and sixth positions are where we belong but this is not where we want to be,” he continued. "This is why, if you are inheriting a podium, it is nice, it is good for the points long-term but I don’t want any of that." Mercedes dominated the sport between 2014 and 2021 during the Turbo-hybrid era. The German outfit won 111 of the period’s 160 races on their way to claiming everyone of the era’s constructors titles. It was this success that gave Lewis Hamilton the tools to become the most successful driver of all time. Wolff does not want the team to wait around before returning to this kind of form. However, he takes some comfort from the lessons that the team are learning as a result of their struggles. The German said: “I want to be part of winning at the front. "These are important lessons we are learning here, and it is going to be the basis of us performing long-term again,” he added. Wolff will be hoping for an improvement on his team’s disappointing last outing in Monaco when the Formula One circus rolls into Azerbaijan this weekend. The Silver Arrows could only finish fifth and eighth in the principality which come far below their expectations even for this season.