As well as juggling his music career and TV presenting, JB Gill successfully produces award-winning KellyBronze turkeys and free-range Tamworth pork at his farm in Kent. Despite it being a success now, when JB and his wife Chloe first started out, they faced a number of hurdles along the way. The Beat Again hitmaker admitted he has learned a lot about farming from his Channel 5 co-stars, especially, Countryfile host Adam Henson.  Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the pop star opened up about what it has been like for him to start up a farm. He went on to praise the likes of Jeremy Clarkson for showing the struggles and reality of farming on his Amazon Prime show, Clarkson's Farm. "A lot of farms and even on programmes like Springtime on a Farm talk about diversification, so even the best and the biggest farms face their own challenges and their own struggles," JB began. "And I didn’t have much knowledge [when I first started] and I was able to work with people like Adam Henson, and he came down to the farm and certainly we had lots of in-depth discussions and did lots of research before making a decision about what I would go into." READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family He continued: "That’s why I farm turkeys, with the nature of what I do, I sometimes do still go on tour, I still work with the boys, I'm still involved in entertainment and television. "So, as I say with every farm, no matter how big, how small, how good or bad, you're going to face challenges." "We all have to deal with the elements and the weather, none of us can control that. "So, it's just understanding that is part of it and just roll with the punches."   JB and his co-stars like Adam have discussed the impact Brexit has had on farmers in the past. And while it has had a detrimental effect on many farms, the 35-year-old admitted his farm hasn't had any issues. "I suppose our farm is not on the scale I guess where it would affect it," the Eyes Wide Shut hitmaker explained. "We don't do exports and of course, everything that we do is homegrown and for British markets, so we’ve not really had any issues with that as we don't import a lot of food or animal food or anything like that." DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers hit out over 'obsession' with Glastonbury [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Vera co-star 'Best person' [NEWS] Discussing the struggles farmers face and how Clarkson's Farm highlights that, JB admitted: “One of the things will farming is you can't pretend, it is what it is. “Ultimately, as I say, as much as you can plan, you can prepare, you can put things in the process, and you can spend all the money but everything is dependent on the place where you're growing it and the ground that you're using. “Whether it's cattle when they're eating grass, or whether it's carrots you're growing in the ground. “If we have a dry summer that severely impacts on productivity and if we have a really cold spring, which we have this year…ground frost especially for people who grow vegetables, has a massive impact."   “The richest farmer in the world still has to deal with that," JB went on to add. So, it's just about understanding that, and whether it's Jeremy Clarkson or the most experienced farmer in the country, they still have to deal with that and they still have to manage that. “I love seeing shows [Clarkson's Farm] like that I love seeing when it's real.” Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.