Eight fire engines have been called to a fire at a pub opened by England cricketer Stuart Broad on the Nottinghamshire and Leicestershire border. The fire service confirmed crews had been called to a fire at the Tap & Run, in Upper Broughton, co-owned by Broad and former Nottinghamshire star and seamer Harry Gurney.  A spokeswoman for Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service said: "The time of the call was 3.22 am this morning. "It's a public house premises and we have had eight engines in attendance, one aerial ladder platform, water carrier, command support vehicle. "It was a building of two floors, 15 metres by 30 metres, the area of the building. "The fire was on the first floor and roof. "They have used two main jets and then two hose reel jets." It is unclear if there have been any injuries, however, it was thought the pub was empty at the time. An investigation into the fire has yet to be launched. The pub is located on the Nottinghamshire and Leicestershire border, near Melton Mowbray. Firefighters have advised the public to avoid the area if possible and asked local residents to keep doors and windows closed if their properties were affected by the smoke. A tweet at 4.30 am by the fire service said: "We currently have eight fire engines at an incident on Main Road, Upper Broughton. "We ask you to please avoid the area if possible and for local residents to keep their doors and windows closed if affected by the smoke." READ MORE:London emergency: Stratford station evacuated Mr Broad and Mr Gurney launched the Cat and Wickets Pub Company in 2016 along with friend and experienced pub manager Dan Cramp. The pub was formerly known as The Golden Fleece, which had been closed for two years prior to the Cat and Wickets taking it on. It reopened as the Tap & Run gastropub in September 2018. The Cat and Wickets' debut pub was The Three Crowns in Wymeswold, which opened in August 2016. Broad has been playing in the Test series against New Zealand with the second test currently taking place at Trent Bridge. DON'T MISS:EU forced to ask Brexit Britain for protection [REPORT]Have some of that! UK missiles force Russia to retreat 100km [REVEAL]BBQ Master provides top tips for Platinum Jubilee party [INSIGHT] Taking to Twitter to share their disappointment at the news, locals in the area shared their views. Running Deputy said: "Firefighters currently trying to put out a large fire at The Tap & Run (Nether Broughton) which is owned by Stuart Broad and Harry Gurney. "The food there was excellent and the building is beautiful." Another, Nina Shepherd said: "Gutted for Stuart Broad and Harry Gurney." Latest reports suggest some of the fire crews have now left the scene as the service tweeted: "Some crews have been released from the incident on Main Road, Upper Broughton however we will likely remain on scene for a number of hours to come." Additional Reporting by Jamie Barlow