Piers Morgan, 57, famously walked off the Good Morning Britain set in March last year after being embroiled in a disagreement with his former colleague Alex Beresford surrounding Meghan Markle. The TalkTV presenter took to Twitter today to hit out at Dan Walker, 45, as he tried to light-heartedly mock Piers this morning as he walked off the ITV set in the same fashion. Piers took to Twitter to respond to an article headlining: "Dan Walker poked fun at his rival Piers Morgan by jokingly storming out of his Good Morning Britain interview this morning." The former GMB presenter replied in view of his 7.9 million followers: "He couldn’t even do this better than me…" Many social media users took to the comments in response to Dan's lighthearted joke, as the presenter's cheeky feud has been reignited. BnmPlanet said: "Award goes to @PiersMorgan for the best 'Storming Out' act." READ MORE: Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe AlbieCamus added: "Dan Walker has a sense of humour unlike some." BornPeachy commented: "He wants to be you, Piers! Imitation is the highest form of flattery." Dan joined Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid on this morning's GMB as he discussed his move to Channel 5, prior to his first show airing tonight. As Richard wished the former BBC Breakfast presenter "good luck", Dan made a final jibe at Piers. He joked: "Right, I'm going to do what they normally do on this programme and walk off." The Channel 5 star got up from his seat and walked away from the desk. Susanna jumped in: "I'd just like to point out only one person has ever done that but it is a stage that has been set for you.” "See you later," Dan said as he opened the studio door and walked away. He continued: "See you at five o’clock on Channel 5." DON'T MISS... James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [GB NEWS] Naga Munchetty sparks flag fury amid Jubilee 'mockery' claims [BBC] Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family [OPINION] Piers infamously walked off GMB when his co-star Alex hit out at him over his treatment of Meghan. This led Alex to call his behaviour shortly after to be "pathetic" and "diabolical". He later wrote on Twitter: "I wish I had the privilege to sit on the fence. In order for me to do that, I would have to strip myself of my identity and that’s not something I can do. "It’s not any of our places to pick apart claims of racism in order to make us feel more comfortable.  On the presenter's apparent feud, Dan recently admitted that the pair have socialsed together on many occasions, and regularly engage in friendly banter. Speaking about their "feud" Dan revealed: "I went to his 50th birthday party some years ago, but I’m not sure he would say we’re friends now." He continued: "I enjoy spending time with him, but we're completely different in the way we go about stuff." "He has a certain style of broadcasting I would feel very uncomfortable doing, but it works for him", he told the Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine.