Virgin Voyages Scarlet Lady has over 1,400 cabins and caters for 3,000 guests. Channel 5 showed viewers how the ship’s 1,000 crew cope with mishaps on board. Virgin Voyages cruises are adults only and cater to a huge range of adults, many of whom are looking to party. VIP guests are known as ‘rockstars’ and stay in incredible luxury suites with their own ‘rockstar agents’ to cater to their every need. Channel 5 joined the Scarlet Lady crew as they prepared to set off on a five night Caribbean cruise. However, the preparations were thrown into disarray when staff discovered one of the rockstar guests had trashed their room. READ MORE: Cruise crew member shares 'super rare' behind the scenes secret The rowdy guest had cracked six of the luxury marble tiles in their suite’s expansive bathroom. Lizz, cabin host, said: “We have to replace the marble and it’s our last rockstar suite that we have to take care of.” The engineering team had to work extremely quickly to replace the marble for the new guests and re-install the toilet. Lizz said: “It was stressful, I’m not going to lie.” Channel 5 also joined rockstar agent, Selma, as she worked to cater to her luxury guests’ demands. She said: “We have their preferences, we know where they would like to eat, how they like their service so it’s a lot to remember on the first day.” Selma can’t clock off until she knows her rockstars are happy and there are no issues for any of the VIPs. She said: “My hours are fixed but sailors usually have the feeling that we are working 24 hours a day because I am everywhere all the time whenever they need.” Selma had to run to help two unhappy rockstar guests who had missed their dinner reservations. She said: “I have to run quickly to meet my sailors because apparently they’re not happy and I don’t like people that are not happy.” The two women were taken to Selma’s favourite Mexican restaurant onboard, just one of the ship’s 20 eateries. Meanwhile rockstar guests Damian and Paul, shared why they were so excited to be onboard Scarlet Lady. Their £4,000 suite had a huge bed and a tablet to control everything from the TV to the curtains. They said: “We even have our own Rockstar robes. We have a full on bar, with a cocktail making set.” The pair added: “It’s adult only, no children. We love kids but if we’re on holiday we don’t want to be surrounded by other people’s children.” The Cruise is on Channel 5 at 9pm on June 19.