The Lazarus Project follows the mysterious story of George (played by Paapa Essiedu), whose life is turned upside down when he suddenly starts reliving the same day over and over again. However, in these versions, he hasn't been successful at work and doesn't have his loving wife by his side and he is desperate to know why. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about where The Lazarus Project was shot. Filming for The Lazarus Project took place in early 2021 in Wales and London but mostly around the city of Bristol. Bedminster's East Street was closed off while shooting was going ahead, transforming it into a 1990s street with shop exteriors dressed as bookies and electronic stores. Some of the other locations included Brandon Hill, Christmas Steps, Swing Bridge, The Engineers House in Clifton Down and Brunel House. Homes in parts of Bristol such as Brighton Street, Berkeley Square and Maywood Crescent were also used for the drama. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Produced by Urban Myth Films in association with Sky Studios was assisted throughout by the Bristol Film Office. Despite shooting many of the scenes in Bristol, The Lazarus Project is actually set in London. The production company has visited the city several times over the past few years to film various popular shows. Some of which have included War of the Worlds on Disney+ and The One on Netflix. Line Producer Darren Green said: “Bristol centre and surrounding areas work well for doubling up as London streets and bars and clubs. "Some of the larger buildings throughout the city centre replicate the look of London buildings and streets. "Filming in Bristol has always been a pleasure, with Bristol Film Office, the community and local businesses willing to help and be helpful." Going by the description for the upcoming eight-part thriller, The Lazarus Project won't be one to miss. DON'T MISS...Blocco 181: Salmo didn’t include new music in Italian drama [EXPLAINER]The Lazarus Project episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast of the Sky s... [CAST]Surviving Summer season 2: Poppy star teases return ‘high chance’  [TEASER] No one seems to notice apart from George that they are reliving the same day from a few months prior with the only differences being his work and his wife. This is until he meets Archie (Anjli Mohindra) who recruits George for The Lazarus Project, a secret organisation that has the ability to turn back time whenever the world is at threat of extinction. George and Archie are one of the few who are aware they are travelling back in time and must work together to prevent a global catastrophe. But the situation quickly becomes a lot more complicated for him when a freak accident harms someone he is close to. The description continues: "Lazarus won’t let him [George] turn back time to undo it – unless there is the threat of global extinction. "Now George must choose to stay loyal or go rogue, as he is faced with the question: if you had the power to rewrite your past, what would you sacrifice to do it…? "The Lazarus Project is a riveting series that speaks directly to our uncertain times and to our desire to take charge of what is beyond our control." The Lazarus Project will air on Sky Max and NOW on Thursday, June 16, at 9pm.