  James Martin took to Twitter yesterday to share who he thinks might “replace” him on Saturday morning TV. He joked to his fans to “watch this space” as he posed with a young hopeful chef.      James, 49, tweeted out a picture to his 719,400 followers yesterday. He captioned it: “Yesterday I met a fine young chap who’s gonna replace me on a Saturday morning at some point… “Watch this space,” he added cheekily. James had retweeted a post from Dominic Farrell, which read: “Love this photo. READ MORE: Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip     “Thanks to all involved @BBCGoodFoodShow @jamesmartinchef @missmaryberry for creating wonderful memories today.” The picture was of James and a young boy with his own chef ambitions. James’ followers took to the comments section to pay tribute to the chef. Angela wrote: “James - you're irreplaceable.       “Especially when you tempt us with a kilo of bacon & cheese along with fancy cocktail brollies & bubblegum sauce.” Annabella joked: “May have some competition from my 2 and a half year old grandson.” Maggied commented: “His little face, you are obviously his idol. “Brought a tear to my eye for sure.” READ MORE... Ex-Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies calls for transgender ban [LATEST] Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [NEWS] 'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [NEWS]      Valerie added: “What a beautiful picture. You are an inspiration to so many.” Viv suggested: “Isn’t he wonderful James. Perhaps he could co-present?” Richard commented: “Lovely photo, I’m a big James Martin fan, seems like a really nice man.” Original poster Dominic confirmed this in his reply to Richard.      “He is. What you see, is actually, what you get,” Dominic stated. James presented the BBC cookery series Saturday Kitchen from 2006 until 2016, before leaving the BBC for his own ITV show James Martin’s Saturday Morning. James Martin’s Saturday Morning airs at 9:25am on ITV.  