Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis sparked a frenzy on social media as they appeared for the first time at the procession for the Queen's official birthday. The children of Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge could be seen mimicking their mother as they bowed their heads in tribute as they passed the Colour on their way to the Horse Guards parade. George, Charlotte and Louis had previously witnessed the celebrations from a building overlooking the parade rather than joining Kate in a carriage.  But the trio, dressed sharply for the occasion and enthusiastically waving at the crowds, made their debut in an open carriage alongside their mother and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. They then observed their father Prince William and grandfather Charles receiving the salute from the Irish Guards on behalf of the Queen. Her Majesty had to give the tradition a miss this year due to ongoing mobility issues, passing on the baton to her two closest heirs and daughter Princess Anne. Prince George, Charlotte, and Louis won over the Twitter-sphere as they were branded "so respectful" for their gesture. JUST IN: Princess Charlotte shuts down Prince Louis as royal proudly waves at crowds - VIDEO  User @SylmaSN said: "Even little Prince Louis bowed. All kiddies already have such impeccable manners!" @rohenke simply summed up the moment as "touchingly cute." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also received praise for the upbringing of their children. @egyptalogist said: "Such well brought up children." READ MORE: 'She's blossomed!' Lady Louise sparks frenzy as she joins Sophie for rare appearance  And @loveforcambridg added: "I noticed that too!! Our Duke and Duchess are raising very respectful human beings." George, Charlotte, and Louis are likely to put in more appearances throughout the Jubilee weekend and are expected to accompany their parents at the special service of thanksgiving in honour of the Queen on Friday. A larger part of the Royal Family, including Prince Harry and Meghan Markle as well as Prince Andrew, will also be in attendance. But the trio will also be appearing with the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to observe the RAF flypast.   Prince George and Princess Charlotte have repeatedly appeared at special family occasions this year in what has been seen as a build-up towards the prominent role their family will take on once their grandfather is King. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to be offered the title of Prince and Princess of Wales, with the three children potentially taking on the Wales surname as their father did before becoming a duke in his own right upon his marriage. But in the unlikely event of the title not being passed down once Prince Charles ascends to the throne, George, Charlotte and Louis would still get to add to their names. As the heir to the throne, Prince William would take on the title of Duke of Cornwall as well, with his children adopting the surname of Cambridge and Cornwall.