Serena Williams’ Wimbledon comeback ended in defeat at the hands of world No 115 Harmony Tan. The 23-time Major champion was playing her first match in a year after limping off Centre Court injured just six games into her opening round 12 months ago. Despite serving for the match, she was ousted 7-5 1-6 7-5 in what could have been her last-ever Wimbledon appearance, having previously admitte she wasn't planning tournaments into the future anymore.  Williams was playing her first singles match since her Wimbledon first round last year, where she slipped on the Centre Court grass and retired just six games in. It was a slow start as the 40-year-old returned to the All England Club’s main showcourt, immediately going 0-2 down. But she rallied to win four games on the bounce and led 4-2 before Tan came storming back herself, levelling things at 4-4. And the 24-year-old didn’t stop, as she broke at a crucial time to go 6-5 and serve for the set, closing it out after 64 minutes. There was a short delay as the roof was closed to continue the match under the lights. And in the second game of the second set as play resumed, Williams managed to take a break lead after a huge game that lasted for more than 20 minutes, needing seven break points before she finally took a 2-0 lead. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal unfazed by Covid outbreak at Wimbledon  She ran away with the second set afterwards as the 24-year-old Frenchwoman started to appear tired, leading 5-0 before Tan got herself on the scoreboard, as the former world No 1 then served out a 6-1 set to force a decider. It was Williams who took an early lead again but Tan was suddenly revived, breaking for 3-3. The 23-time Grand Slam champion celebrated as though she had won the tournament when she broke to serve for the match at 5-4 but the world No 115 still wasn’t done, breaking to level at 5-5. The American was then forced to save a match point on her serve as she held on to set up a tiebreak, and raced to a 4-0 lead in what was the the second time a player had found themselves in one of the new first-to-10-point match tiebreaks this tournament. But Tan did what she had done throughout the match, storming back and winning five points on the bounce. The Frenchwoman then took an 8-6 lead and had two serves at 8-7, two points away from the win. And an error from Williams gave Tan her second match point as she closed out arguably the biggest win of her career in three hours and 14 minutes. The world No 115 will face Sara Sorribes Tormo in the next round. Meanwhile, Williams said she "really didn't know" what she'd be doing in the future ahead of the tournament, and at aged 40 she may have put on her last performance on Centre Court. If she did, she went down with a fight.