The Countess of Wessex was warmly greeted by staff and volunteers as she visited Capability, Riccarton Service on Wednesday, June 29. The royal received a tour of the centre and got stuck into activities including planting flowers, baking and painting. Sophie met with members of the community and learned more about the centre’s work. Capability Scotland delivers care, support, and education for children and adults with disabilities. The Riccarton Hub is a day opportunities service based on the Heriot-Watt University’s Edinburgh campus. It provides activities such as gardening, cooking and music. Sophie travelled to Scotland earlier this week to present two awards alongside her husband Prince Edward. The Countess of Wessex presented The Queen’s Award for Voluntary Service and the special Platinum Jubilee Moray Badges in Moray on Tuesday. The couple were greeted at Cooper Park before visiting Gordonstoun Fire Service to present students with the special Platinum Jubilee Moray Badges. Prince Edward attended a Moray Badge presentation ceremony at St Christopher’s Chapel at Gordonstoun School, which he attended as a student. Gordonstoun is the only school in the UK where students are volunteer firefighters and attend incidents in the community. The royal couple also presented The Queen’s Award for Voluntary Service during their visit and joined volunteers at Moray Food Plus food bank. The prestigious award is being given to 244 organisations across the UK in recognition of their community service. Charities, social enterprises and voluntary organisations in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland receive the award for their volunteer-led work across a range of fields spanning mental health, youth, community, arts and heritage. Over 200 organisations from England, 22 from Scotland, five from Wales and 13 from Northern Ireland will receive The Queen's Award this year. Sophie and Prince Edward also attended the Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh on Monday alongside Her Majesty the Queen. The Queen was accompanied by the Earl and Countess of Wessex during her traditional trip to Scotland for Holyrood week. The visit marked Her Majesty’s first public engagement since the Jubilee earlier this month. The monarch, 96, visited Edinburgh for the historic Ceremony of the Keys, which traditionally opens Holyrood week for the royals. The ceremony takes place on the forecourt of the Palace of Holyroodhouse. As is tradition, the Queen is symbolically offered the keys to the city by the Lord Provost which she then returns, entrusting their safekeeping to Edinburgh’s elected officials. Her Majesty was last spotted on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the finale of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations just over three weeks ago. UPDATES TO FOLLOW… 