Mr Wootton branded Benjamin Butterworth, a journalist for the i, as "despicable" after he criticised the monarch's ability as a mother. Mr Butterworth had torn Her Majesty to shreds asking why so many of her children had become "spoiled brats".  The rambunctious exchange occurred as Mr Wootton and his panel questioned if Prince Charles was fit to be a King. It comes after one of the Prince of Wales' charities is being investigated by the Charity Commission after they received millions of euros in cash from a former Qatari Prime Minister, according to The Sunday Times. Mr Butterworth started by lambasting the Prince by claiming there was a "lack of control" over the heir to the throne. He said: "What this shows is a complete lack of judgement but it also reveals the power and lack of control that there is over him.   "And I think that's what's most dangerous." The Kiwi broadcaster proclaimed: "No one tells him he's wrong." Mr Butterworth agreed, but then proceeded to lay into the nonagenarian monarch. He said: "Precisely and clearly even the Queen either doesn't bother or isn't listened to as I'm sure she doesn't like any of these things. READ MORE: Tory traitors: SIX MPs plotting to join Labour in fury at Boris  "And Carol just mentioned how the late Prince Philip kept telling him to stop this. "But I'm afraid you have to look at this and I end up looking at what did the Queen do as a mother? "Because so many of her kids have turned out as spoiled brats." Mr Wootton exploded in fury at this, with the former Sun journalist labelling Mr Butterworth as "wrong". DON'T MISS: G7: Now Macron demands Iran and Venezuela oil go back on market  [REVEAL] Boris Johnson health: PM taken to hospital as Raab forced to step up  [INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: MPs vote for Liz Truss's legislation [SPOTLIGHT] He said; "Are you serious? This is actually despicable of you to blame the Queen for this and it says a lot about you. "Because she is a brilliant woman who has done so much for this country and who led her children by example. "I'm sorry Benjamin to blame the Queen for this is wrong. "Princess Anne, Prince Edward, she's provided great leadership to Prince William. Yeah Prince Harry got it wrong. "Prince Andrew got it wrong and you're blaming the mother. Why do you bash the Queen all the time?" Mr Butterworth hit back that he didn't and that he had enthusiastically celebrated the recent Platinum Jubilee . He said: "I don't want to bash the Queen. I waved the Union Jack for the Jubilee quite contently." However, blasted back reminding Mr Butterworth that he had bashed the royal matriarch in the past for not wearing a mask. He said: "You bashed the Queen when she didn't wear a mask. I remember that." Mr Butterworth argued that Mr Wootton would be more judgemental if the behaviour seen by the royals occurred amongst a family on a council estate. He said: "The truth is if this was a family on a council estate you'd be sat here saying what did the parents do wrong. "They should have better moral judgement, better guidance. This isn't a normal family." However, Mr Wootton responded by claiming the journalist had "lost the plot". He said: "With a 70 year old blaming the 96-year-old parent. You've lost the plot." 