While hunting for valuable antiques in Wednesday's classic episode, Irita came across a desk stand with a calendar and inkwell attached. It instantly caught her eye and she managed to whittle down the price from £240 to £150. However, the BBC dealer found herself regretting the purchase when it came to be auctioned as she made a significant loss of £95, leaving her yelling: "I can't believe it!" As Irita and colleague James Braxton watched the auction on a screen, they were both surprised as the auctioneer started off at £55 for the desk stand. "There's a long way to go!" Irita commented, looking uncomfortable. She became even more shocked when the price didn't go up and it sold for the amount. "No!" she gasped before repeating: "No! I can't believe it!" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jacob Gallagher's linked to Nicola King's attacker Turning to James, she continued: "I can't believe you're laughing!" While exploring an antique shop, Irita stumbled across the interesting find. "I like the look of that," she exclaimed, picking it up. "Oh, it's so stylish!" She added: "The pen that comes with it has got nothing to do with the stand at all. So I'm not interested in that part." She added: "We've got something that I would refer to as a 'mantique', an antique used by men. "It would be probably on your desk and it has a beautiful little inkwell and I love the mechanism. "It is just fantastic the way the lid works and on the other side a propelling calendar. "So you've got two little nibbles on the side, which, by moving, can change the date. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel on item unavailable in France [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes admits he annoyed his father over childhood challenge [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes opens up on ‘hard’ time facing children [LATEST] "So even though this was made in the 1920s or so, you can still use it now." Looking at the price, she scowled as she remarked "Cor, £240!" She had an idea though, stating: "If I tell her I don't want the pen maybe there could be some magic done." Eventually, she was able to buy the item for £150, but this wouldn't help her much when it came to the disastrous auction.  By the end of the episode, James was £193.50 worse off, with £421 left. However, Irita suffered significant losses too. She was £155.32 worse off than when the show started. She ended the episode with £254.20. As the pair drove off, she commented: "I tell you what James, I am taking you back to Somerset, to find our luck again!" Antiques Road Trip airs weekdays at 4.30pm on BBC One.