To combat the high petrol and diesel prices, drivers have been looking for ways to reduce their bills, with many pointing the finger at retailers for setting higher prices. Approximately 50 percent of fuel sold in the UK is sold at a particularly low margin by supermarkets, done so to drive store footfall. Tom Hatton, Head of Product Management at Kalibrate, reacted to the high petrol and diesel prices and suggested that changes were needed to protect drivers. He said: “Retailers are being unfairly blamed for fuel prices skyrocketing and whilst there are reports of individual sites increasing prices excessively, this is absolutely the exception and not the rule. “Fuel retailers are facing major disruptions to their businesses. “Demand for fuel is extremely volatile and generally declining, operating costs are increasing, and wholesale fuel costs are climbing at previously unseen levels. READ MORE: Cyclist only gets a warning after jumping a red light “In recent years, many fuel retailers reimagined their businesses during the pandemic by improving their convenience offerings and subsequently taking on higher operating costs. “They are therefore now facing more acute issues than they did even in 2008 – when fuel prices last climbed so sharply – as the global economy did not experience such high rates of inflation and a subsequent cost of living crisis.” Up to 66 percent of forecourts in the UK are owned by independents. Because of this, the UK has a very competitive fuel retail market with conditions that ultimately benefit the consumer. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use 'key trick' to save money on fuel [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel [REVEALED]Most drivers don't know basic Highway Code rules - risk of fines [SHOCKING] Mr Hatton points out that if trading conditions get harder for retailers it’s likely only going to impact consumers in the long run. He added: “If a sizeable number of the independents were to go out of business, this would undoubtedly negatively affect consumers both in provision of fuel and market dynamics at the retail end of the supply chain. “The bottom line is that fuel is not expensive due to retailers’ pricing tactics, rather fuel is currently expensive for two driving factors. “The tax structure accounts for around 46 percent of the price and the formulaic nature of oil pricing, which also accounts for around 46 percent of the price. “Unfortunately fuel prices could continue to rise over the coming months, and for there to be any improvement to consumer conditions, the most immediate and impactful lever to pull would be to review the tax structures (particularly VAT on fuel) and not retailers’ margins.” Currently, every litre of petrol and diesel is made up of 52.95p of fuel duty, which was reduced by the Chancellor in March. The current average price of petrol is 183.16p per litre, with 83.48p of this being made up of tax through fuel duty and VAT at 20 percent. Other costs within the price of a litre of fuel are the wholesale cost of the petrol, bio content which makes it E10, the delivery cost and the retailer margin. The Government has indicated that it was listening to the AA’s call for the type of price transparency that has spurred competition in Northern Ireland. It has also driven fairer pump prices on the European continent for years. This operates via the Consumer Council of Northern Ireland’s Fuel Price Checker. The tool works by collating and comparing data from service stations in the country, allowing drivers to seek out the best prices closest to them. This helps create competition amongst filling stations, persuading them to keep prices low to attract the most customers. Luke Bosdet, the AA’s fuel price spokesperson, said the tool reduced prices by up to six pence.