The spectacular musical extravaganza was kicked off in style by the British pop group Queen at eight o'clock on Saturday evening. In attendance was a whole host of Royal Family members, including Prince Charles and Camilla, as well as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge with their two children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Eagle-eyed viewers were quick to spot that two of the guests in the Royal Box was none other than the Scottish First Minister and her husband, Peter Murrell. Her presence provoked a social media backlash among Royal fans and unionists. One wrote: "I spy Nicola Sturgeon in the Royal Box at the Platty Joobs concert. "The sight of millions of happy peeps waving Union Jacks must be making her feel uncomfortable. It’s made my day." While another fumed: "So Nicola Sturgeon and Peter Murrell are attending the Platinum Jubilee concert and are sat in the Royal Box behind Princess Anne. "Both are absolutely shameless." A third quipped: "Let's hope someone catches her on camera waving her union flag." And a fourth wrote: "Why did @NicolaSturgeon accept invitations to the Queens Jubilee but deny school children in Scotland the book celebrating her 70yrs on the throne? "Is it because she's an opportunistic, hypocritical waste of space?" The British government has published a book to coincide with the Platinum Jubilee, which explains how the four nations came together as the UK. The book was due to be sent automatically to every state primary school before the Jubilee weekend. However, both the Scottish and Welsh authorities said their schools would only receive the books if they specifically requested it. READ MORE: Sturgeon treated like ROYALTY at Jubilee thanksgiving service The Scottish First Minister spoke recently of her deep respect for the British monarch and praised her "selfless commitment to duty". She also said she wanted the Queen and her successors to remain as head of state if Scotland becomes independent. Ms Sturgeon has met the British sovereign on numerous occasions and said the opportunity to have a regular privateer audience with her was one of the greatest privileges of her office. She told the BBC: "I have benefited from it, I have learned from it and it is something I will always cherish. "She is somebody who has had a front row seat on the last 70 years of history. She has met every world leader over that time. DON'T MISS Scottish Greens blasted for walking out of Holyrood Jubilee tributes [NEWS]Calls for Scottish Republic erupt as Jubilee begins  [REVEAL]Sturgeon facing humiliation over anti-Trident pledge [SPOTLIGHT] "She has seen up close and personal some of the key events of history. "The knowledge that gives her, the wisdom that gives her, the perspective that gives her is much more valuable in these conversations then any specific thing that she will perhaps say." The 96-year-old monarch did not attend the pop concert held in front of Buckingham Palace. She has been experiencing mobility problems in recent months and the palace had warned in advance that the Queen would consider which Jubilee events she felt able to attend. However, she delighted Royal fans by appearing in a comedy sketch with Paddington Bear prior to the beginning of the concert.