Manchester United's stuttering summer transfer window appears to have taken a turn for the worse amid reports that Christian Eriksen has rejected a move to Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag has made Eriksen a leading transfer target ahead of his first season as United manager but could be set to miss out on his signature. On Sunday morning, talkSPORT joined other outlets in reporting that United are closing in on the signing of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. A deal worth in the region of £68million could be agreed imminently, with the clubs aiming to complete the transfer by June 30. However, the report added an extra tidbit that will likely leave a sour taste on the tongues of United supporters and Ten Hag. It is believed that Eriksen has turned down the club's contract offer for when he becomes a free agent on July 1, snubbing a switch to the 20-time English champions. The update will come as exciting news for Brentford, who are now firmly in the driving seat after Tottenham Hotspur dropped out of the running earlier this week. Bees manager Thomas Frank could now be confident that the 30-year-old playmaker will extend his current contract in west London. JUST IN: Man Utd could miss on key target as deal for Erik ten Hag paused  Eriksen's rejection is a severe blow to Ten Hag's planning ahead of the first day of pre-season at Carrington on Monday. The Dutchman is understood to be planning to place emphasis on ball-based drills and improving the technical ability of his squad during traditional pre-season conditioning training. He wants to do that by reinforcing his midfield this summer with the signings of De Jong and Eriksen, especially after Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba and Juan Mata's exits as free agents. But he may have to look elsewhere if he's intent on signing a creative midfielder, with the latter potentially out of reach. READ MORE: Man Utd tell Ronaldo he's not for sale as Chelsea talks spark fury  On paper, many will be quick to suggest Eriksen choosing a Brentford stay over a blockbuster move to Old Trafford is a sign of how far United have fallen since their golden age under Sir Alex Ferguson. But with the 2022 winter World Cup in Qatar right around the corner, the Denmark hero will be eager to stay in optimum condition with regular football. He would undoubtedly have more chance of being a central figure at the Bees, given he'd likely be competing for a place against Bruno Fernandes, one of Europe's top attacking midfielders, in M16. And that could've been the driving force behind his decision to stay put, regardless of promises Ten Hag may have made over his prospective game time. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here