Reports suggesting Liverpool have identified Christian Pulisic as a potential replacement for Sadio Mane have been branded 'nonsense'. Jurgen Klopp's side are reportedly closing in on a deal for in-demand Benfica forward Darwin Nunez for a fee which is expected to set a new club record. Mane's future has dominated the headlines in recent weeks, with the Senegal international entering the final year of his contract at Anfield. The 30-year-old has faced repeated questions over his potential next destination, with Bayern Munich reportedly seeing two offers rejected for the attacker. However, the latest reports indicate Klopp has wasted no time in moving for a replacement with Liverpool said to be closing in a move for Nunez. The Uruguay international has enjoyed a breakthrough campaign with Benfica, netting 34 times in all competitions including two strikes in the Champions League quarter-final exit to the Reds. Nunez has been one of a host of elite forwards linked with Liverpool this summer, as Klopp looks to rejuvenate his attacking options. Mohamed Salah is also entering the final year of his contract with negotiations so far failing to produce an agreement, while Roberto Firmino will celebrate his 31st birthday next season JUST IN: Man Utd caught in crossfire as Bayern mocked by European rival for 'insulting' Liverpool  Pulisic is among those labelled as a possible option for the Reds to consider in this window, with the USA international previously working with Klopp during his time at Borussia Dortmund. The Chelsea forward has struggled for game-time under Thomas Tuchel in recent months, with speculation mounting over the 23-year-old's future at Stamford Bridge. Liverpool were originally linked with a move for Premier League before the attacker made his move to the Premier League in 2019. Klopp's respect for his former player was clear when he declared Pulisic would be 'more than welcome' if the former Dortmund star ever wanted to move to English football. READ MORE Liverpool's £50m Christian Pulisic move gains momentum as old Klopp comments resurfaceChelsea ace Christian Pulisic reacts to transfer exit links after having Todd Boehly talksLiverpool have five wingers 'on their radar' to replace Sadio Mane including relegated duo    Pulisic only made 13 Premier League starts last season, and recent reports suggest the Blues are willing to listen to offers for the attacker along with Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech. The forward is also said to have shown no interest in extending his current contract which is set to expire in 2024. This uncertainty and Klopp's admiration for his former player has made links to Liverpool inevitable. However, CBS Golazo now report any talk of a Reds move for Pulisic has been branded 'nonsense' by a senior source on Merseyside. READ MORE:  Jurgen Klopp allays Liverpool 'frustrations' after fulfilling Jamie Carragher's prediction  The American outlet writes: “Make no mistake, Jurgen Klopp is an admirer and sees the potential, but this direct notion that Pulisic is the target to replace Mane as or when he confirms his departure from Liverpool – with Bayern Munich being the most likely destination – is incorrect. “And having put that possible link between Pulisic and Liverpool directly to a Liverpool source at very senior level with huge knowledge of their recruitment, the response I got, in one word, was ‘nonsense’.” 