Christian Eriksen is reportedly choosing between Manchester United and Brentford as the Dane weighs up his options for next season. But United are growing increasingly confident that Eriksen will sign for them this summer. United believe that Eriksen will snub Brentford and move to Old Trafford on a free deal ahead of next season. That's according to talkSport, who claim that United are confident that their offer will be too much for Eriksen to accept, with Brentford their only named rival. Eriksen was linked with a move back to Tottenham, but a return is seen as unlikely. Both United and Brentford have made Eriksen bold offers, with the Red Devils' proposal assumed to be more financially appealing. And with his contract expiring at the end of June, a decision is likely to be made very soon. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings  It was Brentford that gave Eriksen a chance in January, after the midfielder made a spectacular return to football. The Dane suffered a cardiac arrest during Euro 2020, and was kept alive thanks to the incredible efforts from pitch side doctors. Eriksen was fitted with an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD), which will kick in if a similar event takes place in the future, but after a strong recovery he was cleared to continue playing. But the device went against Serie A ruling, meaning that his contract at Inter Milan had to be terminated.  DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Brentford gave him the chance, and he starred for the newly promoted Premier League side in 2022, so much so that interest has gathered from some of the biggest clubs. Eriksen has remained coy over his future, and reiterated that he would not be rushed into a decision. But United are confident that their proposal will be enough to sway Eriksen, even though the midfielder remains grateful to Brentford. Eriksen's contract expires in just one week, and a decision is expected to be made within the next month. 