Liverpool have emerged as frontrunner ahead of Manchester United to sign the Benfica striker - but will have to make a compromise in order to strike a deal. The Lisbon outfit have slapped a €100million (£85m) price tag on the 22-year-old amid interest across Europe. Should a transfer materialise, Nunez would become the most expensive player in Anfield history after Virgil van Dijk’s £75m move from Southampton in 2018. According to The Mirror, the Reds are yet to discuss a formal offer with the Eagles however. Jurgen Klopp is believed to have made the striker his number one priority this summer and, fortunately, the feeling is mutual from the player. Nunez has reportedly expressed his wish of wanting a move to Anfield over Old Trafford. One thing is certain however, Liverpool have made it clear they will not pay the full figure up front. This would mean a compromise of structuring a deal with bonus related add-ons, depending on the success of the player at Anfield – which would get close to the €100m mark. Sporting director Julian Ward has reportedly held discussions over the possibility of a payment around £65m with the rest increasing to £18m of bonus related add-ons. JUST IN: Tottenham 'in Pau Torres swap deal transfer talks' with Villarreal United, Newcastle and Atletico Madrid are also interested in the striker, but with Nunez keen on a Liverpool move, that puts Benfica under pressure to finalise a deal. Portuguese boss Nelson Verissimo addressed the interest on Nunez back in April: “Speaking about Darwin and understanding he’s having a great development this season, he has shown his standout quality, what has been able to do individually and how the team has helped him, has attracted the interest of many clubs as a result. “At the end of the season, if he has to go according to the interest of other clubs and if it is also in the interest of Benfica, we have to accept that. It’s how the transfer market works and you have to accept that. In Portugal we have to accept that we sign players, we develop them and then there are other transfer markets stronger than Portugal, so there are players we cannot keep. DON'T MISS...Yves Bissouma 'destined for Arsenal' transfer after dropping hintArsenal handed Gianluca Scamacca transfer blow as PSG join raceTottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing Meanwhile, the Reds have rejected a second offer from Bayern Munich for Sadio Mane. The German giants initially made a formal offer of £23.5m with add-ons of around £6.5m but the offer made the second time around left Liverpool ‘bemused’ at their approach.    Some of the bonuses included in their bid are reportedly impossible to achieve and therefore for now, the Senegal international will remain at Anfield, for now. Their valuation for their star is in the excess of £40m.