Sir Paul McCartney stunned Glastonbury fans on Saturday night after performing a three-hour set which included some iconic music legends such as Bruce Springsteen and Dave Grohl. The gig was broadcast on the BBC for fans who didn't attend the festival to watch but were left disgruntled when it took 24 hours for the clips to be uploaded. After the BBC released a statement to apologise for the issue, Paul McCartney's team hit back at the delay. After frustrated fans took to their Twitter accounts to ask where the clip was on Sunday afternoon, the official Glastonbury account tweeted: "The full set will be up very soon!” In a statement given to the Daily Mail Online, a spokesperson for the BBC explained: "This year, we are delighted to bring audiences our most extensive coverage of Glastonbury to date. "Paul McCartney’s much-anticipated set was broadcast on BBC One at 10.30pm as well as on Radio 2 and will be available on BBC iPlayer and BBC Sounds. "Due to the complexity of broadcasting an event of this scale and the volume of performances we cover. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans "There is sometimes variation between the transmission of performances and their availability on BBC iPlayer.” However, members of McCarney's team have hit out against speculations that the delay was due to the former Beatle known for his perfectionism. The near-three-hour set included material which belongs to various rights holders, including David Bowie, and had restricted the amount of content that the BBC could show. A member of McCartney's team expressed: "It was not us. It should have gone up sooner." Ultimately, the issues revolved around a technical failure as the team had difficulty uploading a three-hour file to iPlayer and spent all trying to get it to work. “It was an enormous file to upload, and it was incredibly frustrating,” said one person familiar with the set-up. A BBC insider confirmed that the issues originated with the Corporation and had nothing to do with McCartney himself. Despite the technical difficulties and the frustrations of fans from home, McCartney pulled in a peak audience of 3.9 million viewers alongside the 100,000 audience in front of the stage. DON'T MISS...Glastonbury covered in rubbish: 2,000 tons of waste left [INSIGHT]BBC backlash as Paul McCartney’s Glastonbury set delayed on iPlayer [LATEST]Paul McCartney duets with John Lennon virtually ‘We're back together!’ [MORE] Joining the millions of fans, his daughter Stella cheered him on from the side of the stage as she penned on social media: "Dad… you made history, the largest crowd ever at Glasto. I am so proud to be your baby. Epic, epic, epic." His other daughter Mary also praised her father's talent and commented: "Dad + Glastonbury = magic.” Not only did McCartney get the attention of viewers due to the delay of his set being uploaded, but he also decided to feature Johnny Depp in his headliner. The former Beatles singer sang Depp's track My Valentine while Depp appeared on a screen behind him in an extract from a 2012 music video. PR expert Rochelle White said the controversial decision to feature Depp at Glastonbury was a "strategic move" by McCartney. "From a PR perspective, any good PR Depp can get, whether that's from friends, actors, singers or other celebrities, is going to boost his public persona," she told MailOnline. "McCartney is well respected across the board, with both young and old people knowing who he is. And Glastonbury is a world stage, so it will reach a huge audience." Glastonbury is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now