The Prince of Wales shared the gesture with Kate as members of the Royal Family arrived for the National Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Charles and Kate were among the last to arrive at St Paul's Cathedral in London where up to 40 royals joined more than 2,000 guests. Before taking part in a procession to their seats, Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate greeted each other at the entrance to the seat of the Bishop of London. The senior royals exchanged a few words before walking to their seats in the front row with fellow members of the Firm seated behind. These included Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, in their first appearance alongside the Windsors since they left the UK for the US. Royal fans took to social media to share their delight at the sweet moment between Charles and Kate.  One wrote: "The loudest cheers for the Cambridges. Charles blows Catherine a kiss when they greet each other. "He always lights up when he sees her. The daughter he always wanted." A second commented: "Both Prince Charles and Camilla blew kisses for Kate. My heart melted." The Duke of Cornwall represented his mother after the 96-year-old monarch pulled out of the event.  READ MORE ABOUT A JUBILEE FLAGS ROW She suffered "discomfort" following a busy first day of festivities on Thursday, including a double balcony appearance and a beacon lighting. It is understood the Queen watched the ceremony on television while resting at Windsor Castle. Tributes were paid to the Queen's "70 years of faithful and dedicated service". Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Cabinet ministers, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, first ministers of the devolved Governments and former prime ministers also attended the service.  DON'T MISS: Mum's fury as girl, 8, banned from riding ponies at stables [REVEALED] Queen's 'mental and physical' frailty being 'protected' by Firm [LATEST] Meghan Markle 'told off' by Prince Harry for Trooping the Colour error [REPORT] Four hundred people, including NHS and key workers recognised for their work during the Covid pandemic, were there too. Noting the Queen's love of horse racing, Archbishop of York Stephen Cottrell said in his sermon that her reign reflected the distance of the Grand National, the famous, gruelling steeplechase, rather than the Epsom Derby sprint. He said: "But with endurance through times of change and challenge, joy and sorrow, you continue to offer yourself in the service of our country and the Commonwealth. "Your Majesty, we are sorry that you're not here with us this morning, but we are so glad that you are still in the saddle. And we are glad that there is still more to come. So thank you for staying the course."  After the service, the Windsors gathered at a reception at the Guildhall. Lord Mayor Vincent Keaveny said: "We are immensely grateful for [the Queen's] 70 years of service to the United Kingdom and to the Commonwealth that we are celebrating today. "She has been a great example of duty and public service for all of us. She is one of the most widely recognised and respected people in the world.  "And for 70 years she has provided continuity, stability and unity. There could be no better ambassador for this country and for the Commonwealth. "All of us here are very grateful for the service she has given and the way she has served as head of state - with dignity, devotion and a deeply rooted faith." 