Hector Bellerin will not be allowed to join Real Betis for free by Arsenal, even though the Spaniard is desperate to leave. The defender has one year left on his contract, but Arsenal are refusing to cut their ties with Bellerin and are demanding a fee. That's according to Estadio Deportivo, who state that the Gunners are unwilling to let Bellerin leave for nothing. Bellerin comes from a huge family of Betis fans and has fallen in love since arriving from London last summer. Bellerin is not in Areta's plans, but with transfer to be made, Arsenal want to raise as much cash as possible. They are keen to receive a transfer fee for the Spaniard or would even consider a swap deal to allow Bellerin to join Betis, with a talented star coming the other way. And Bellerin is so desperate to leave, he is willing to drop his £100,000-a-week salary by more than half to secure a move.  READ MORE: Liverpool's new incentive to seal £38.3m transfer as Mane replacement Bellerin was once a huge hit at Arsenal, and talks of a £50m deal with Barcelona were previously talked about. But the 27-year-old has fallen out of favour, and is seeking a more comfortable life back in his homeland. His heart is set on a return to Betis, and Bellerin was seen in tears after playing what could have been his final home game for the side at the end of the season. "I have made my position clear to both clubs," Bellerin told Betis TV last month.  DON'T MISS Arsenal choose 'priority' from three targets with decision days away Jack Grealish furiously defends party antics as England's poster boy Newcastle can make four free signings to challenge for Europa League  "Now we have two months to get the best deal for all three parties. I have always said, I made an effort to come here and I am willing to make every effort to keep it going because it is my home and I am happy. "It is also true that I had very nice moments in London, in England. Arsenal has given a lot, the opportunity to be a professional. If I leave, it will be difficult, but hopefully everything goes as we want."  And Bellerin even thanked Mikel Arteta is January for allowing him to move, putting any reports of animosity aside. Bellerin explained on Wrighty’s House podcast: "I was lucky that Mikel is someone who is very understanding. Mikel knew it was nothing to do with football or the club. "As people we go through cycles and it’s not because I don’t want to play there anymore, it’s just because this isn’t helping any of us. When I know that it’s not the place where I need to be at that time, nothing works and Mikel really understood that.  "He knows everything I’ve gone through at Arsenal, my injuries, every single episode. I was very lucky that I could be open with him and we could have a talk where he understood fully. "He said, “I want to help you”. Not just as a coach but as a friend. The respect we have as people is there and I was very happy that Arsenal gave me the opportunity to let me find what I was looking for." 