Zara Tindall, 41, looks ravishing in royal blue for the horse-racing event. The Olympic equestrian loves the Epsom Derby and is a permanent fixture every year. Zara looks amazing in a royal blue and black printed dress with a matching floral hat. Royal fans took to social media to praise Zara's style. Twitter user @ChristinsQueens said: "Stunning!" Another, @Suzanne_Brmprn wrote: "Love Zara's outfit today." Meanwhile, @MissAkuaAfriyie commented: "She has been serving us some great looks. READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem "Effortless style and confidence." Zara is wearing a Diane von Fustenberg dress today. The royal is wearing the Nella Crepe Midi dress in 'Vines Black'. The stunning item is currently on sale, and is retailing for $63, which is just £50.   The description on the website says: "Chic and easy, this soft crepe midi dress has a feminine A-line cut updated with lightly puffed three-quarter sleeves and a mockneck. "An effortless transition piece, wear yours with sandals over the warmer months and swap them for boots." Zara accessorised with a Juliette Millinery floral sculpted sidesweep hat. This is the same brand which Zara wore yesterday to St Paul's Cathedral.  The hat from today costs a sensational £590. Princess Anne's daughter then wore her Sandro Paris 'Yza' bag, that cost £279. Zara paired this with her Illesteva sunglasses and Rolex watch. She appeared to be wearing her Dune London 'Belaire' court shoes in silver. Zara's husband Mike Tindall has been entertaining royal fans by posting images of himself on his Instagram page wearing Zara's fascinators. At Trooping the Colour, Zara wore a raspberry red dress and hat, and Mike posted an image of himself wearing the fascinator to his 103,000 followers.  Then yesterday after the Thanksgiving Service, Mike posted a picture of him wearing Zara's Juliette Millinery Hydrangea bow fascinator that cost £550. Royal fan @dagmar_Marie77 said: "Mike Tindall is becoming quite the fashion icon!"