Samantha is best known for playing Bernice Blackstock on Emmerdale, the daughter of Diane Sugden (Elizabeth Estensen) and Rodney Blackstock (Patrick Mower), as well as the sister of Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler). The character is currently trying to support her sibling, who was recently attacked, by taking on her councillor duties. It seems she is taking on more responsibilities on the ITV soap but despite all the drama in her alter-ego's life, the actress doesn't seem to have aged a day. According to the world of the weeknight serial drama, the character of Bernice is 54 years old, having been born on 29 December 1968. This is something the beloved villager doesn't often talk about as she doesn't like others to know just how old she is. The mother of one has a habit of romancing younger men and she would be mortified if they learned she was six years away from turning 60 years old. In real life, the soap star is in fact four years younger than her alter-ego as she marked her 50th birthday last July. Having been born on 2 July 1971, Samantha is set to celebrate her 51st birthday in just a few weeks' time with her friends and family. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Taking to Twitter last year in light of her birthday, Samantha updated her 60,900 followers on what she had been doing to make the occasion. The actress wrote on the social media platform: "Thanks for all the birthday messages! Off to North Wales to do some climbing! Just three days later, the soap star added: "Had the most fantastic birthday weekend in Llanberis- made it to Snowdon summit in two hours 20 and loved every minute. But stiff and knackered today!" However, there have been no pictures of the expedition and it is not known how she will be celebrating her birthday next month. It wasn't until she was 27 years old, however, that she made her break in the industry in a recurring role on Coronation Street. The actress played the character of Kirsty for a year before three years later, she made her first appearance in Emmerdale. At this point in time, she was 30 years old and over the years, she has made several returns and come back as the beloved character. When she made her first return to the show in 2012, the soap star would have been 41 years old and she left when she was 48. Just two years after her most recent exit, she made her second comeback at the age of 50 to bring a new lease of life to her character. It is not yet known how long she will stay on the programme this time but she has certainly been involved in a lot of drama. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Zoe Henry reacts to Denise Welch's devastating loss [COMMENT]'More than BBC!' Michael Wildman says ITV was 'poster channel' [COMMENT]Kelvin Fletcher's wife in hospital dash after husband's near-miss [COMMENT] On hitting her milestone birthday of half a century, the soap star has spoken about turning 50 years old and what this means for her. Samantha said in an interview with Female First: "I'm not thrilled about turning 50. It's scary; for actresses, there is much less work. When her character was first turning 50 in 2018, the actress also spoke about age and being years behind her alter-ego. At the time, she explained: "It does resonate with me. I’m in my late 40s, really, and I think that a lot of women start to feel more conscious of their age. "You catch yourself in the mirror, and you see younger women, and you think, 'Oh my God, I am getting older.' Samantha continued to say: "Getting older isn’t nice, for anybody. So it’s weird to think that you could put a stop to it. "I don’t think the botox thing is a very sensible thing to do. "So I suppose if the storyline highlights something out there for women, I think it’s just about feeling more positive about their own image. "It doesn’t help that obviously we’re just given images of women all the time in the media, that have got these perfect, flawless faces, with no lines at all, and they’re puffed up everywhere, and I think it looks ridiculous. "But I think you can always tell when someone’s had work," she explained in an interview with Metro.co.uk. However, despite being 50 herself now, it seems the soap star does not want to get any work done to make her look younger. The actress added: "I don’t feel it that much here, I mean, I am lucky. "I’ve got good skin – touch wood – but I think you’ve got to be able to move your face, haven’t you? Your lines and everything are part of telling more than what you’re saying. "They’re about the character that’s there, and the experiences you’ve been through. So I think they’re actually really important." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.