Springwatch presenters Chris Packham and Michaela Strachan were live from Wild Ken Hill once again on Wednesday night for another instalment of the BBC nature series. After exploring the birds' nests, looking at how the badgers were growing and learning why Britain was home to seals, viewers were let down and left wondering why there wasn't a mindfulness moment. As the show ended, Twitter user Vivienne Tuffnell took to her account and asked: "Was it me, or did they not have the mindfulness moment on #Springwatch this evening?" Sarah Burton commented: "Great @BBCSpringwatch, as usual. But really missed the mindfulness moment, it's the best bit #Springwatch." @Katy_bag exclaimed: "Setting my nerves with this version since the mindful moment was missing from the show this eve!" alongside an old mindful moment video from the show. Sarah-Jane added: "Where was our mindfulness moment tonight? #Springwatch" READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' It wasn't just the mindful moment that was left out from tonight's show, as user Ashleigh Street pointed out: "Ummm what the h**l spring watch wheres the birdsong at the end of the credits! "I'm still waiting if I'm mishearing it, but no, week two, it's not there #springwatch." However, most of the viewers were satisfied with the content shown in the episode, as @SoumiElBorni praised: "#Springwatch Amazing show thank you." (sic) The Mindfulness Moments segments usually features rare pictures of animals and sounds of nature. The presenters recently opened up about the popular addition to the BBC show, with Megan McCubbin calling it "fantastic". She told WhatToWatch: "We thought viewers would like them but didn’t think people would love them as much as they do. They’ve clearly hit a nerve, which is fantastic." Michaela Strachan also added: "We all need a bit of mindfulness right now. The world is a chaotic and confusing place, and we’re in desperate need of reconnecting with nature, wildlife and the outdoors. "More programs with mindfulness would help a lot of people with their mental health." DON'T MISS...Chris Packham jokes about BBC licence fee on Springwatch [WATCH]Springwatch backlash as fans fume at Megan McCubbin's 'shag' innuendo [LATEST]Springwatch's Michaela Strachan ‘hopeless’ with online abuse [INSIGHT] As Chris Packham explained: "I think the tone of Springwatch has probably changed since COVID-19 in a positive way. "We’ve focused more on health and wellbeing when it comes to nature and people engaging with it, and that will continue." On Wednesday night's episode, Chris introduced the show and revealed that the theme was "festival of nests". "We have had quite a good week, a couple of global firsts and some great science, but tonight we are going to change the flavour a little bit, we are going to have a festival of nests. "We are going to show you the best activity that we have got here at Wild Ken Hill," before switching to the many nests that had cameras set up in them. "Let's go to the Swallows," Chris exclaimed as he saw the mother bird in the next before moving onto the Black Cap nest. Megan was in presenting live from Hauxley Nature reserve, where she was exploring the reason why seals swam into the Thames and took a trip to Coquet Island. Springwatch continues tomorrow at 8pm on BBC Two.