The BBC announced earlier this month the addition of three new presenters to Bargain Hunt. Roo Irvine, Caroline Hawley and Danny Sebastian are now going to be hosting the series, alongside seasoned presenters Natasha Raskin Sharp, Christina Trevanion, Eric Knowles and Charlie Ross. But when exactly did Caroline join the series? Today (June 27) marked Caroline’s first day on the job as a Bargain Hunt presenter with the antiques expert fronting the series. Her first episode saw Caroline channelling Top Gun as she came across a Spitfire at RAF Cosford in Shropshire. Caroline spoke in awe of female pilots during World War II, who would deliver the aeroplanes to the airfields and from there they would be flown by men into battle. She said: “I find it incredibly moving to sit in the cockpit where a young man sat in the war, very, very moving. Spine tingling. I feel very privileged to do that, very lucky.” READ MORE: Natasha Raskin Sharp height: How tall is Bargain Hunt expert? Caroline went on to say: “Presenting Bargain Hunt is absolutely amazing. I enjoy it so much! “It’s fantastic to meet so many people with a passion for their subject, whatever that is. I love it all.” The presenter also took to Twitter to re-tweet some posts from the official Bargain Hunt account, including one about taking on the reins of the show for the first time. She also told her 12,000 followers: “So thrilled and honoured to be be making my @BBCBargainHunt presenting debut! I hope you all enjoy it as much as I enjoyed making it! #excitingtimes.” Although this is Caroline’s first stint as a presenter, she has been involved with Bargain Hunt previously when she appeared on the show in 2013. She featured as an expert at Weatherby racecourse and said it was a “natural environment” for her. The appearance came after she’d been working on fellow BBC antiques show Flog It for a year before this. Along with hosting Bargain Hunt, Caroline and her husband John own and run Hawleys Auctioneers in North Cave and Beverley in East Yorkshire. DON'T MISS...Danny Sebastian nationality: Where was Bargain Hunt expert born? [EXPLAINER]What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? [INSIGHT]Eric Knowles nationality: What is Bargain Hunt expert's nationality? [ANALYSIS] They first starting auctioning items in 2001 and the official site states how they “sustain old fashioned values but keep up to date with the modern day technological advance”. Prior to this, Caroline ran and opened her first antique shop in South Caves back in 1983. She said she fell into the world of antiquities “naturally” rather than choosing it as a career. Caroline said she was “still learning new things everyday” on her job and the excitement remained “the same”. Reflecting on the advice she would offer up to a budding antiques experts, Caroline said: “To anybody wanting to work in antiques I would say just do it! “If you love your subject you'll never feel like you're doing a day's work. “Go to as many auction viewings as possible, where you can browse and handle the items. Read as much as you can and never stop learning.” The star said if she hadn’t ended up in antiques, she would perhaps be working in archaeology. Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One on weekdays at 12.15pm