Music legend Sir Rod Stewart belted out some of his greatest hits as part of the star-studded concert outside Buckingham Palace to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The spectacle was watched by about 12 million BBC viewers and 22,000 fans attended the concert. Rod, 77, sang Sweet Caroline by Neil Diamond to end his set, but his wife Penny Lancaster revealed he almost cancelled the performance after losing his voice just days before. Penny, 51, was invited onto Wednesday's instalment of Loose Women to discuss the Jubilee celebrations and her husband's performance on Saturday night. When Penny was asked whether Rod nearly pulled out of the Buckingham Palace concert at the last minute she replied: "Yes, I mean it was very touch and go. "He was so nervous leading up to it. He spent three weeks in Las Vegas and caught Covid just after the last show. "He came home and it was past the 10-day period of being contagious but he'd lost his voice. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting "So during the soundcheck on Wednesday he wore a mask as a precaution but he had no voice. "He thought, 'How long can I leave it?'" The Loose Women hosts were stunned Rod was having vocal problems just days before the concert was staged to the world. However, the showman took it upon himself to perform at the historic event and even got Prince William and Prince George to sing along from their seats to Sweet Caroline.  Penny also confirmed to panellists Charlene White, Coleen Nolan, Judi Love and Kéllé Bryan the Queen had requested her husband to sing Sweet Caroline. As Penny was opening up about Rod's performance, Charlene chimed in: “And the Queen specially asked him to sing Sweet Caroline.” “Yes,” Penny confirmed. “The BBC said, ‘Rod we need you to sing Sweet Caroline it’s the Queen’s favourite you have to sing it.’" “So he didn’t have much of a choice,” Penny quipped. DON'T MISS...Queen personally requested Rod Stewart sing Sweet Caroline [JUBILEE]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart fortune: Crooner’s staggering loot exposed [EXPLAINER] She also told ITV viewers how her husband didn’t want to “let anyone down”. "It wasn’t the Rod Stewart show, it was the show for the nation, for the Queen, for everyone to come together," Penny added. The former model shared a sweet family photograph following Rod's performance on her Instagram page with the star looking in great spirits. Ahead of the concert, Penny got involved with the celebrations in central London in her own way.  She explained to the Loose Women panel: “It started out on Friday, I was policing at St Paul’s Cathedral, the Guildhall, the special Thanksgiving Service so that was exciting." While the monarch missed out on the service after experiencing some "discomfort", many of her family members attended. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle went to the service as did the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall. Loose Women continues on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 