Manchester United's move for Jurrien Timber is in the balance and the next few days will be crucial to a possible deal, reports claim. Timber is the top defender target for Erik ten Hag this summer. Ten Hag managed the Dutchman at Ajax, giving him his professional debut in 2020. Timber has already made over 70 appearances for the Eredivisie side despite only being 20 years of age. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, writing in his Caught Offside column, says United continue to discuss Timber internally with Ten Hag. Ajax will do all they can to ensure their academy graduate remains with them beyond this summer. Romano has rubbished reports that Timber is ready to reject a move to Old Trafford. He instead claims the coming few days will be crucial in the future of the starlet. READ MORE: Arsenal could face double transfer catastrophe as Liverpool plot for the future  Timber played the entirety of Holland's impressive 4-1 Nations League win over Belgium on Friday. His club and international team-mate, and former United star, Daley Blind is hopeful Timber stays where he is. Blind said in a press conference: "He is wise enough to make his own choices. I don’t need to explain what kind of talent and player he is. How important he is to us. "What he shows from the start though is unbelievable. Of course, as a teammate, I hope he stays for another year. "I cannot influence that. I can only say that Ajax must do its best to keep him." DON'T MISSArsenal have already pulled off transfer masterstroke as Arteta given double boost [COMMENT]Tottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer deal [TRANSFERS]Christian Eriksen tipped to snub Man Utd and Tottenham as likely transfer named [QUOTES]  Ajax are claimed to want around £35million for Timber. His contract at his current club expires at the end of the 2023/24 season. Centre-back Timber can also play on the right of defence. Despite being only 5ft 10in tall, former United great Rio Ferdinand does not think that would be an issue if he were to move to Manchester. Ferdinand told Vibe with Five: “I think the way Ten Hag’s playing, looking at it, it’s like, ‘We’re going to be the team that’s the aggressor, we’re going to be the team that dictates and dominates the games’. So he’s looking to play on the half-way line. “He isn’t looking to play in a deep block, so he’s not thinking about [Timber’s height]. So defending crosses, you could be 5ft10, we saw Patrice Evra he was 5ft3 probably but he was one of the best headers of the ball when we were doing defensive set-pieces – and he was a threat in the opposing box as well." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 