Former Top Gear presenter James May reacted to claims he resembled Queen legend Brian May, 74, comedian Billy Connolly, 79, and songwriter Robert Plant, 73. The Grand Tour host suggested he was not in the same league as those "outstanding" men. Taking to Twitter today, James made the admission in view of his 3.2 million followers. The on-screen star caused a stir after he revealed people claimed his appearance looked similar to that of the entertainers. The ex-Top Gear star penned: "Despite what some of you are saying, I do NOT look like Brian May, Robert Plant, or Billy Connolly. "They are outstanding, high-achieving men and you should have more respect." READ MORE: Crossroads legend Jane Rossington diagnosed with Alzheimer's Fans flocked to comment on the post, as social media users reacted to his claim. Twitter user, @MichaelModa shared a side-by-side photo of James and Queen guitarist Brian and wrote: "You're not gonna fool us." @Monocotylidon remarked: "You do look like all of them, but that doesn't mean you are as worthy of respect as they are. Although, you are." "Great to see the legendary James May rocking out a solo," @grumpyproblems penned, as he shared a photo of Brian. @JohnRoth said: "You do seem to get better looking with the years though." @graemecobb wrote: "Only your hair is blessed with rock star status, the rest of you is a different kind of legend." @beardedmatze added: "No James, you got that wrong. You look like Brian May and Robert Plant and Billy Connolly." However, the TV star sparked a divide in the comments, as others admitted they couldn't see the resemblance. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes breaks silence on hospital dash and thanks NHS 'angels'[LATEST]Lily Allen in risqué braless display as she attends dinner solo[PICTURES]Piers Morgan says 'Amber Heard is like Meghan Markle'[ROYALS] @Imsoclueless offered: "I object to the Robert Plant, however you can’t say you don’t look like the other two because you do." @JW said: "He slightly resembles Billy Connolly but I don't see any RB or BM in him. His hair length is just somewhat the same." Elsewhere, James recently admitted to "breaking the law" as he recounted his near-miss incident with an electric scooter. The Top Gear star explained how he disregarded the “strict” rule due to a lack of space at home, thus failing to comply with the scooter’s legal requirements.   He said: “As it is, I bought one in my fifties, a year and a half ago, and yes, I’ve been breaking the law.  “At some point I met a ridge or kerb that my Brompton would have handled easily, going at a fair lick, and for several yards I continued the journey sans scooter and relying entirely on one of Monty Python’s silly walks, with added jazz hands.  “I was lucky not to knock myself out on a tree,” James concluded in a column for The Times. 