Johnny Herbert has warned Pierre Gasly that he needs to leave Red Bull and follow Daniel Ricciardo’s lead by breaking away from the team. The Frenchman’s future has become more uncertain following Sergio Perez’s fine form of late which resulted in a new contract until 2024. "I think he's got to do what Daniel [Ricciardo] did and break away,” Herbert told F1 Nation. “But this is the thing at the present time, those choices have shrunk a little bit. "The thing that he's got to try and do is [position himself] so that when that window of opportunity happens, he's got to have that [freedom] that AlphaTauri, or Red Bull whatever, say: 'We're allowing you to go'. "I think that is so, so important for him as a racing driver because you don't want to be stuck in the same team, like AlphaTauri, as good as they are at supplying him with that car, for the rest of his career.” One team Gasly could join is Aston Martin, as Sebastian Vettel has previously hinted at retirement and will decide whether he wants to remain in Formula One this summer. "I think he should be straight there already,” Herbert added. “I think he should already be making enquiries to say: 'Yeah, I'm ready. I'm willing to come onboard.' "I think that's where drivers sometimes have to make those harsh decisions, if you call it that. But from a career perspective, it'd be the right thing for him to do. I don't want Red Bull to sort of stop him blossoming at another team.” Gasly has been part of the Red Bull driver’s programme since 2014 and initially joined F1 for the junior team Toro Rosso in 2017. He was promoted to the senior setup as a replacement for Ricciardo in 2019 having impressed in his first two seasons in the sport, however he was relegated back to the sister team after nine races, with the Frenchman failing to adjust to life at the front. The 26-year-old has thrived since the team’s rebrand to AlphaTauri, and has outperformed his car to the extent that there were rumours that he could be given another chance at Red Bull.Perez’s two-year extension appears to have dispelled those chances, however. "It is not like it is a surprise because I am a very objective person and based on what they expect from a second driver, Perez ticks all of the boxes,” Gasly previously said. “He is having an amazing season and he is a good fit for the team with his financial backing and experience. “It was not a surprise for me but it has obviously had an impact on the career ambitions that I have.”