Dustin Johnson has made himself ineligible for the Ryder Cup after sensationally announcing his decision to resign his membership from the PGA Tour. It comes after he signed up for the first Liv Golf Series event in St Albans this week.  The American was already comfirmed to play in the tournament with the likes of Lee Westwood, Ian Poulter and Sergio Garcia. But now the American has gone one step further and relinquished his PGA Tour card. The PGA had initially declined requests from players for a release to be able to play on the Saudi breakaway tour. The 36-year old is set to play in all eight events of the £200 million series, the first of which will commence at London's Centurion Club on Thursday and each event will feature a $25m (£20m) prize purse. The competition is bankrolled by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF), which is furthering its western sports investments after purchasing Newcastle United last year. "I don't want to play for the rest of my life, this gives me an opportunity to do what I want to do," he said during a press conference ahead of the maiden LIV Golf Series event. With his deicison to quit the PGA Tour, Johnson has also given up his opportunity to play in the Ryder Cups. JUST IN: Dustin Johnson drops huge bombshell as he quits PGA Tour for rebel Saudi golf circuit The American has featued in the Ryder Cup five times and emerged victorious twice, including the US's record victory at Whistling Straits in Michigan last year. But Johnson is committed to his decision and hopes he will get a future opportunity to participate in the prestigious tournament once again. "The Ryder Cup is unbelievable and has meant a lot to me, but ultimately I decided this was best for me and my family," said the 2020 Masters and 2016 US Open champion. "All things are subject to change and hopefully at some point it will change and I will get a chance to do that again." His decision is even more of a shock given he committed his future to the PGA Tour back in February. When asked what had changed in such a short space of time, he simply replied: "I thought it was best for me and my family. I resign my membership of the PGA Tour." Last week, Irish golfer Paul McGinley expressed his concerns by the prospect that the league - led by former world No. 1 Greg Norman - could lead to more events of that magnitude taking place in the sport. "There is no doubt that this will go down as a historic moment in the game,” McGinley told Sky Sports. “If this Saudi League does gather ahead of speed and does challenge the current established two tours in the world, considering the background and who is involved and the whole idea of team events and everything. It could turn golf upside down and on its head, so this in time could be a historic moment but we will have to see how it plays out." 