B&M is popular with millions of Britons looking to grab a bargain. Now, they can do so from the comfort of their own home as the high street retailer is introducing home delivery for the very first time. Before now, B&M shoppers had to pop in store to pick up their favourite items. Its website, on the other hand, has been a way of getting customers excited about new products, before heading into store to grab all the latest deals. That’s changing this summer as B&M fans can add their favourite items into their online basket, then checkout and have their items delivered straight to their door. But not everything can be purchased online. READ MORE: Nutritionist shares common mistake that hinders weight loss Around 1,000 products are thought to be available to buy from the website for home delivery. The store is also considering the potential to offer online-only range extensions but said that opportunity would be assessed in due course. Bulkier items that customers would struggle to transport home make up most of what can be ordered online. Such as indoor and outdoor furniture, homewares and toys or products that do not require disproportionate mail-order packaging. DON'T MISS...Brighton’s new sky walk - what it’s like from 532ft in the air [PICTURES]Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [FOOD HACK]Look younger: Beauty fans praise £16 ‘natural facelift’ massage roller [BEAUTY] The home delivery is also only available for a limited time, as it is a trial period to assess whether or not there is demand for the service. B&M’s CEO Simon Arora said the company remains “open-minded as to the long-term potential of the trial”. Instead a ‘test and learn’ approach will be adopted as the retailer monitors customer response. There’s also a reason why B&M’s full product range is not available for click and collect or delivery, as it could undermine the high level of impulse purchases typically seen instore. To find out exactly what can be delivered just "look for the van" next to any products advertised online. You'll be able to click "add to basket" on the products and then checkout. There is a cost for delivery, however, and it’s £3.95. Currently, there is a garden sale online. The incredibly popular Island Paradise Egg Chair is now £150, down from £200. The Luxury Steel Framed Gazebo 2.5m has a £25 saving, now £100. Both are available for home delivery.