Faith (played by Sally Dexter) has been leaning on the support of Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) and Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) on Emmerdale since learning she had secondary breast cancer, which is now terminal. Knowing she is going to die, the beloved character has wanted to establish relationships with her children, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), before telling them her secret. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, the family will discover what the matriarch has been hiding and this could lead to some heartbreaking scenes. The drama begins next week as Moira is shocked when Cain unexpectedly returns to the village following a break in Scotland. What he doesn't realise is Faith is now living with them and there are sure to be fireworks as he doesn't understand why. With his mother looking tired and weary, he mistakes the side effects of her chemotherapy session as having a severe hangover. Deeply upset by the accusations, the Dingle matriarch leaves the room and is quickly followed by her daughter-in-law, who apologises for Cain's words. After talking things through with Wendy as well, the beloved character knows she cannot keep letting her children think badly of her when she's going through the hardest moment of her life. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' As her birthday is coming up, she asks Chas to arrange a party for the family so they can all celebrate the occasion together. Faith hopes this will allow her a chance to make things up with Cain before telling him she is dying and might not have long left. However, as she sees the effort her family are putting into the party, she begins to reconsider telling them about the cancer during a happy occasion. Moira tells her it will be ok and she is going to do everything in her power to make sure Cain is going to turn up. Again, his mother is left apprehensive as she isn't too sure how he will react when he realises he's been tricked into turning up to the party. It seems Faith was right to be concerned as the anger builds within her son and he lashes out at everyone for duping him. Moira bites her tongue as she knows the real reason he needs to be in attendance but it becomes harder to hold it together as her husband continues his rant. As the rest of the family turns to support Faith, who is being ridiculed by her son, he can't seem to put his grievances with his mother to bed. When he wishes she would drop down dead, Faith makes the announcement her cancer is back and is incurable, meaning she has possibly only months left. Everyone is left in a state of shock as the fallout begins but as Cain and Chas try to process the news, they could make plans to fly their mother out to America for experimental treatment. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURES]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] Despite bringing up all their grievances in the past, the Dingle trio could come together and Faith could agree to leave with them as she doesn't want to hurt them anymore. As they try their best to stay positive, they could pack their bags and arrange for a clinic to see her, regardless of the cost. However, Faith might feel she is ready to go and doesn't want her children putting all their money to waste if it doesn't work. They could tell her they love her and at the time when she is ready to make a real go of their relationships, they don't want her to die. But how long will the Dingle trio be gone and will they get the results they want or will more heartbreak be on the horizon? The actress who plays Faith, Sally, spoke to Express.co.uk and other media and hinted if her character does mend her relationships with her children, they could be willing to exit with her. Sally explained: "It's an enormous relief [when the secret is revealed]. "She doesn't know really know how long she's got and so every minute is precious. Even when Cain's being awful to her and there are times when he's really, really awful but she still wants him to be there. "She still wants to be with him. She loves them unconditionally but she wouldn't half like it if they got back together and were friends again." On why Faith decides now is the time to reveal the truth, Sally added: "I think it's the influence of Wendy and Moira and going to the hospital and meeting other people who are dealing with it." "And she just desperately wants to do it on her terms and I think that's what she's been waiting for," Sally continued. "To try and get her relationship [with Cain and Chas] in a really healthy place so she can be honest with her children and have an honest reaction from them, not just a pity-ship. She wants a relationship, not a pity-ship. Faith will be happy she doesn't have to hide it anymore as Sally explains her character has struggled with staying quiet. "She didn't want any support at all. She thought she would tough it out herself and she just thought it would be easier that way to deal with it on her own. "And Moira found out by accident what the situation was and has been absolutely brilliant in so many ways by giving her that support. "But at the same time having someone as emotional as Moira and as passionate as Moira on your side, I think has sometimes led to Faith into feeling a little bit emotionally pulled in half because she wants to keep things quiet but Moira wants to spill the beans. "So she hasn't found that easy but at the same time, the support that she's got from Moira and Wendy has been fantastic and in her heart of hearts, she's deeply grateful." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.