Manchester United made an offer to sign Raphinha from Leeds but were told that the Brazilian is determined to join Barcelona, according to reports in the Spanish press. The Red Devils are one of several English clubs interested in signing Raphinha, whose 11 goals for Leeds last season were key to their Premier League survival under Jesse Marsch. Raphinha’s excellent form at Elland Road has caught the attention of some of Europe’s top clubs. United have been linked with the direct attacker as Erik ten Hag is apparently keen to sign a left-footed winger, while Arsenal reportedly had a bid turned down by Leeds. Ten Hag is hoping to complete a busy summer but is yet to make a signing. Competing with top-flight rivals could make a deal for Raphinha difficult. Barcelona are reportedly the preferred destination of the former Rennes ace, though, and he is blocking attempts by English clubs to make offers. That is according to Spanish publication Sport, who claim Raphinha is hoping to prolong transfer discussions to give Barca time to make a bid. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo swoop planned, Eriksen's Man Utd stance The La Liga outfit have apparently had an agreement with Raphinha since March. Boss Xavi Hernandez shares an excellent relationship with the player’s agent - his fellow former Barca midfielder Deco. Raphinha is valued by Leeds at around £50million and Barca will need to wait for an ongoing issue with La Liga television rights to be resolved before making an offer. The Catalan outfit might not be able to afford Leeds’ asking price and would need to negotiate a slightly lower fee. It could mean that United need to look elsewhere for their forward targets. The Old Trafford side have been linked with a move for Ajax star Antony, who worked under Ten Hag in Holland. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag played key role in Rangnick's decision to quitGreenwood's bail extended as police make statement after court hearingCristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links United are hoping to conclude a deal for Barca midfielder Frenkie de Jong before moving onto other targets, though. The 25-year-old has been earmarked as Ten Hag’s flagship acquisition and will fill a gaping void in midfield, particularly after the departures of Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic. There has been some frustration among supporters that United are yet to complete a signing this summer, but they remain in discussions with Barca over a fee for De Jong. After years of criticism for over-paying for new arrivals, the Old Trafford hierarchy are keen not to bow down too easily to Barca’s demands. They will then move on to other targets, including a new forward. Antony is one, while a deal for Raphinha could be revisited. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here