Britbox’s acclaimed series Why Didn’t They Ask Evans followed the lives of two friends who set off on a crime-solving adventure. As the two actors worked closely throughout the series Lucy Boynton, who starred as Frankie, detailed her admiration for her co-star Will Poulter.  Why Didn’t They Ask Evans is the recent on-screen adaptation of Agatha Christie’s 1934 novel. Directed by Hugh Laurie, the series followed the adventures of Bobby Jones (played by Will Poulter) after he discovered a man on his deathbed. The dying man had seemingly fallen from the cliff of a North Wales golf course and uttered his final words to the young man, before taking his last breath. In order to get to the bottom of his incident, he teamed up with his whip-smart friend and socialite Lady Frances ‘Frankie’ Derwent (played by Lucy Boynton). READ MORE: Blue Bloods exit: Why did Amy Carlson leave NBC drama as Linda Reagan? The mysterious crime series centred around the cryptic question the dying man asked Bobby: “Why Didn’t They Ask Evans.” After a reunion ends a decade of separation between the childhood friends, the two bonded as they embarked on a journey to uncover the truth. As they followed a trail of clues, Bobby and Frankie put their amateur detective skills to the test to get to the bottom of the case. However, on their road to discovery, the pair came across a number of shocking revelations to do with deceit, betrayal, and murder. As the characters’ friendship got closer on-screen, Boynton opened up about her friendship with her co-star away from the cameras. Full of praise, she stated: “Poulter’s kind of the easiest person to find chemistry with. “He’s so conscientious and especially with this story he was so psyched by the material, we both were so we both kind of individually fell in love with our characters.” In her interview with Deadline, the actress added: “He pointed out you can’t really fall in love with Bobby or Frankie without falling in love with the idea of them both together.” DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small boss teases 'change' for residents [INSIGHT] Why Didn’t They Ask Evans’ Hugh Laurie pays heartfelt tribute to cast [INSIGHT] Hugh Laurie blasted No 10 over Brexit vote: ‘Like Lord of the Flies’ [INSIGHT] The body was later identified as Mrs Cayman’s (Morwenna Banks) adventurer brother Alex Pritchard (Leon Ockendon). However, after the inquest, a string of fishy incidents convinced Bobby that Alex’s death was no accident and foul play was indeed involved. Although he was the son of a vicar, Bobby was unexpectedly offered an extremely good job in South America. He was then almost killed after nearly being struck with a bottle of beer contaminated with morphia. As the series continued it also looked as though Bobby was being stalked as a mysterious and menacing man in a bowler hat was consistently appearing. With Lucy’s help, they were able to enter the residence of their main suspect after they staged a car crash and claimed she was concussed. In the same interview, Hugh Laurie agreed: “He’s [Will Poulter] is the nicest man in the world. “He’s very funny and he’s incredibly conscientious, he shoulders the weight of things and takes responsibility in a real old-fashioned leading man way.” Why Didn’t They Ask Evans is available on Britbox. 