Laurel (played by Charlotte Bellamy) decided to hit the town with Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) and Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) in Tuesday's edition of Emmerdale. Most importantly, the aim of the trip to the bar was to try and broker peace between the warring sisters but secondly, Laurel tested herself to see if she was ready for another romance after breaking things off with Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson). It seems her mission was a success as she met a handsome stranger but a one-night stand could lead to some serious and life-changing consequences on the ITV soap. Having spoken about the idea of moving on from Jai to Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) and Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton), Laurel was encouraged to talk to other men. As soon as herself, Nicola and Bernice walked into the bar, the latter decided to start flirting with a handsome stranger in order to get some drinks. Although she was full of confidence to make the request, it was actually someone quieter who he wanted to talk to and with Nicola married, he seemed very interested in Laurel. When they got talking, the stranger discovered Laurel was an alcoholic but he didn't mind at all, stating his sister also struggled with addiction. This seemed to be something the pair could bond over and as they spent the afternoon together, she almost forgot about the warring sisters. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short  After realising she should check in with them, Laurel headed over to the bar and Nicola asked: "So, is it going somewhere with the lovely Neil?" "Very unlikely," she replied to which Nicola followed up by asking: "Why not?" "He's moving to Cape Town in August," Laurel answered, seeming deflated the man of her dreams would be leaving the country in a matter of weeks. With time of the essence, Laurel asked Nicola if she would mind her spending the rest of the day with the handsome stranger. The councillor was not concerned at all and told her friend to have fun and that's exactly what the beloved villager could have done. In upcoming episodes, Laurel will turn up at the hospital after discovering Nicola was attacked and it will seem as if everything is normal with her. However, she could have gone back to a hotel room beforehand to sleep with the stranger she met, enjoying some excitement before he leaves. Having not worn protection, this would leave Laurel susceptible to falling pregnant and she could soon experience morning sickness symptoms. When she does a test, her thoughts about having a baby could be confirmed but she could have a huge dilemma on her hands. Who could the father be as it's not been too long since she last slept with Jai, meaning he could think he is the father. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURE]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] As the news spread around the village about Laurel's pregnancy, Jai could be the first one at her door asking if he is the father. With Laurel claiming the father is a stranger she met, Jai wouldn't be sufficed with the answer and would demand a paternity test. This could lead to a huge row as Laurel would tell him he has absolutely no authority in telling her what to do about her baby. It could cross her mind Jai could be the father as they could have slept together in recent weeks, which hasn't been addressed on-screen. In any case, a test would have to be carried out when the baby was born so could the child end up being Jai's and will Laurel continue with the pregnancy? In 2020, the pair discovered they were going to have a baby but they ultimately decided to terminate the pregnancy. This was because they were told their baby had Down's syndrome and they thought it was the best decision for them to bring the pregnancy to an end. Speaking about the difficulty of playing such a role, the actress who plays Laurel, Charlotte said: "Terminating a pregnancy is an emotive subject, but I think as a programme what Emmerdale does brilliantly is portray difficult stories that are important to tell. "I hope Laurel and Jai's story will take the audience on the journey of them coming to this conclusion and having some understanding of why they do. "When I embarked on this storyline I was well aware of the responsibility of the subject matter, but the scripts have been so well written and I think the story is told fairly.” Will Laurel decide to go through with the pregnancy and hope Jai is the father to give him another chance of being a parent? If he is the father, the pair would be spending a lot more time together and this could lead to them getting back together. With their family complete, they could be destined to have their happy ever after but what other challenges lie ahead which could ruin their relationship? A baby could certainly mix things up but they could either be the worse or the better. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.