Fans are eagerly awaiting the return of Paramount Network’s hit western series, Yellowstone after it ended on a major cliffhanger. The show’s creator Taylor Sheridan opened up about how he almost swapped the drama for retirement.  After landing on screens in 2018, Yellowstone became a huge phenomenon across the globe and garnered millions of loyal viewers. Fans tuned in weekly to watch the Dutton family as they fight to protect their rightfully owned land, the Yellowstone Dutton Ranch. Although the plot had been in the family for six generations, the Duttons were forced to ward off companies who wanted the land as it was the largest ranch in Montana, Yellowstone was such a hit that it quickly became the most-watched scripted series in all of television in 2021.  READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host pokes fun at Owain Wyn Evans' appearance Following its success, it come as a huge surprise to fans to find out the show almost never existed as its creator Taylor Sheridan was ready to retire. Speaking to CBS Sunday Morning, he revealed: “I was about ready to retire, I saved and I had done really good, my goal was to retire at 50.” However, after the show took off Sheridan, showed no signs of slowing down as he released its first spin-off 1886. This series followed the backstory of the Dutton's lineage back 130 years, with John Dutton’s (Kevin Costner) great-grandparents at the forefront.  Thankfully for fans, Yellowstone will soon be returning to screens after it was announced the instalment was in production. This means fans will soon find out the fate of their favourite characters after Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) was pushed to do the unthinkable after betraying his family. After finding his birth father Garrett Randall (Will Patton), Jamie was forced to kill him as revenge and punishment. This came after it was revealed Garrett was behind the attempted murders of John, Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) and Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) at the end of season three.  DON'T MISS...Cole Hauser nationality: What is the Yellowstone star's nationality? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Kelly Reilly received 'death threats' over Beth and Rip [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly teases big change to Beth [INSIGHT] When he was burying Garratt’s body, Beth took the opportunity to gain one over her brother and obtain dirt on him. She did so by taking a photo of him while he was trying to dispose of his father’s body as blackmail material. Throughout the series, the two have had a never-ending feud which fans believe was caused after Jamie agreed to a hysterectomy on Beth’s behalf when she was a teenager. Now as an adult and in a long-term relationship, she had felt like a failure because she wasn't able to have children.  As well as the Dutton family reprising their roles, fans can also look forward to seeing the newcomers, Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) and Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo), in season five. With a number of different storylines left unresolved from season four, fans will have to tune in to see what the outcome will be for their favourite characters. In season four, Summer had a fling with John and the actress hinted at things becoming serious for the two. She told Entertainment Weekly: “The love story is kicking into gear on Yellowstone. “I know a lot of people watch it for the cowboys and the ranch, but I watch it for the love story we're turning up the heat.” Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network on Sunday, November 13. 