Commentator Nile Gardiner told Express.co.uk the Kremlin would "celebrate" if Mr Johnson was removed from power. He explained such a move would be a "strategic blow" to both the UK and to the defence of Ukraine. Mr Gardiner claimed Mr Johnson is "by far the biggest supporter of Ukraine on the world stage." This comes after the Prime Minister narrowly survived a confidence vote earlier this week. Mr Johnson won 59 percent of the vote, with 148 MPs voting against him. While he is immune from another leadership vote for the next 12 months, he could still be forced to resign if he loses the support of his MPs. The vote came amid the ongoing Partygate scandal after senior civil servant Sue Gray published a report which confirmed that many events in Downing Street during lockdown "should not have been allowed to happen" Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Gardiner said: "I think that there's no doubt about it that if Boris Johnson were to depart it would be celebrated by Putin and the Kremlin. "The Russians would see Johnson's exit as a big win for them. "And it would be a strategic blow to the UK and to the fight against the Russian invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Boris on 'probation' - what could happen if PM 'fails' to improve "I think that that would undoubtedly be the case, which is why Zelenksy has strongly backed Boris Johnson - with good reason. "Boris is by far the biggest supporter of Ukraine on the world stage. "So it's going to be the case that Putin and his regime would dearly love to see Boris Johnson out." The UK has been widely praised for its response to the Ukraine crisis. DON'T MISS: Boris a major thorn in Xi and Putin's side as 'poodle' Macron shamed [INSIGHT] World War 3 alert: China to exploit EU weakness and launch invasion [ANALYSIS] Putin health fears as Russian leader given 'urgent medical assistance' [REVEAL] A recent study by the Kiel Institute for the World Economy found that the UK gives the second most support to Ukraine, behind only the United States. It was among the first to provide weapons to support Ukraine in the wake of the invasion. Alongside other Western allies, the UK has also imposed harsh sanctions on Russian targets. In April, Mr Johnson visited Kyiv, pledging his "unwavering support" to the country. Earlier this week, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky described UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson as an "important ally". Speaking after the Prime Minister won the confidence vote, Mr Zelensky said: "I'm glad we haven't lost an important ally, this is great news." During a virtual conference hosted by the Financial Times on Tuesday, the Ukrainian leader said Mr Johnson is a "true friend of Ukraine" and a "concrete" supporter.