The scale of the petrol and diesel price crisis continues to deepen as leading motoring groups begged Chancellor Rishi Sunak to step in and introduce another fuel duty cut. The 5p reduction in March has had little effect as costs have increased by another 15p per litre since the measures were brought in. Prices leapt again yesterday, with unleaded up by 1.58p to 182.31p a litre and diesel by 1.48p to 188.05p. However throughout this week many motorway service stations in the UK have been charging more than £2 a litre. But Prime Minister Boris Johnson said it was up to retailers to pass on the 5p fuel duty cut announced in March. He said: “We made a cut already – the biggest cut ever in fuel duty. I want to see those cuts having an impact on the pumps.” READ MORE: New law will force homes to have an electric car charger next week AA President Edmund King said: “Enough is enough. The Government must act urgently to reduce the record fuel prices. “The situation is really severe so we need the Chancellor to cut duty immediately by 10 per litre and introduce a fuel price stabiliser. "When prices go up, duty should come down, if prices go down duty can go up - that will help individuals and help the economy.” It was echoed by fellow leading motoring organisation the RAC. DON'T MISSElectric car drivers report staggering change in driving attitudes [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of massive £2,500 fines for having Jubilee decorations [WARNING]EU car ban: MEPs vote to ban all petrol and diesel car sales [IMPORTANT] Their fuel spokesman Simon Williams said the Treasury was raking it in due to the price rises, taking 53p per litre in fuel duty and 30p in VAT. He said: “There is only silence coming out of the Government. “March’s 5p fuel duty cut now looks paltry as wholesale petrol costs have increased by five times that since the Spring Statement. “A further duty cut or a temporary reduction in VAT would go a long way to helping.” It comes as the cost of filling up an average family car has now exceeded £100 for the first time, with research from RAC showing motorists must now shell out £100.27 to fill up a 55 litre tank with petrol and £103.43 for diesel. It was revealed petrol stations had swelled costs by the biggest daily margin for 17 years on Tuesday. As prices went above the £100 mark, the RAC Fuel Watch group labelled it as “a truly dark day”. Mr Williams said: "While fuel prices have been setting new records on a daily basis, households up and down the country may never have expected to see the cost of filling an average-sized family car reach three figures.” The cost of petrol has already been rising for some time, following increased demand at the start of 2022. Most countries have now removed their Covid restrictions, which has allowed businesses to return to normal operating procedures, and employees to the office. Prices have also been pushed higher as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Moscow is one of the largest oil exporters in the world and it is being targeted by economic and trading sanctions.