Manchester United have launched a last-gasp bid to hijack Tyrell Malacia's proposed move to Lyon, according to reports. The Red Devils have been heavily linked with the Feyenoord left-back, who has the same agent as fellow target Frenkie de Jong, over the last few weeks but were recently handed a major setback when he agreed to join Lyon. The French heavyweights went on to reach a full agreement to snap up Malacia, with his proposed switch initially looking set to be rubber-stamped over the coming days. However, there still appears to be hope for United, who have since barged in with a late attempt to snap him up from under the noses of Lyon at the eleventh hour, according to Fabrizio Romano. It is claimed that negotiations between United and Feyenoord are ongoing in spite of Malacia's agreement with Lyon, with every chance that he could eventually move to Old Trafford in the not-too-distant future. The 22-year-old and fellow Red Devils target Frenkie de Jong are both represented by the same agent, Ali Dursun, who will be tasked with thrashing out personal terms with United if talks develop well over the next few days. Malacia has been a regular at Feyenoord for the last two years and remains tied down to the Dutch outfit until the summer of 2024 as things stand. He is said to be keenly admired by United boss Erik ten Hag, who knows the Eredivisie well from his time at Ajax and has been credited with an interest in a number of the division's outstanding players this summer. JUST IN: Man Utd 'agree fee' with Barcelona as De Jong transfer moves closer It remains to be seen whether United's late bid to land Malacia will be successful if they manage to tempt Feyenoord with a better offer than the one submitted by Lyon, who will be desperately hoping to avoid losing their grip on the defender at the last second. The player himself recently suggested that he is likely to be on the move before the start of the new season when quizzed on his future while on international duty with the Netherlands earlier this month. "I'm certainly ready for the next steps, but first I want to focus on the Oranje squad and play here," Malacia told reporters. "I feel like everything happens for a reason and everything is written. If it's the right time, it's the right time. I'm not really thinking about it, it's in the back of my mind, but I don't want to comment on it." Malacia registered 50 appearances in all competitions for Feyenoord over the course of last season, chipping in with a goal and five assists in the process. He was rewarded for his good form with a debut Netherlands call-up in September and has since won a total of five senior international caps for his country. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here