He felt Paddington was emulating the execrable table manners seen in classic children’s book The Tiger Who Came To Tea, famous for swigging Rosie Lee straight from the teapot spout. AJ also worried that the Queen might be upset by the cream splurging from the pulverised éclair. I explained that Paddington is a bear not a boy, and that allowances could be made for bad bear etiquette. I pointed out that the monarch is a pal of Paddington’s and therefore understands his foibles. I reminded him that the Queen has a broad smile on her face and isn’t in the least offended. Bless him. He’s three. He thinks and talks about Her Majesty a great deal. His newest favourite song is God Save The Queen. He thinks it’s a top tune. He is an ardent monarchist, a mini-fan and frankly his approach mirrors the rest of the Feltz clan. We loved the “Platty Jubes”. We danced at street parties. My local high street swirled to a banging rock ’n’ roll band and we gorged on free food courtesy of Panzer’s legendary deli. We imbibed gazpacho and shook bits of our anatomy we’d forgotten we possessed. We had a somewhat doomed go at recreating the Platinum pudding. Lord, what a pain that slow-setting custard turned out to be. Somehow we managed to incorporate my son-in-law Marc’s 33rd birthday celebrations. I’m certain he felt a tad grand as his festivities were thoroughly infused with regal flavour. I sobbed into my lace-edged hankie, but at the strangest moments. Of course I snivelled when the Queen appeared, and she was magnificent. Yet who knew the St Paul’s Cathedral service would set me off? Or indeed, the sweet spectacle of Prince Louis atop his grandpa Prince Charles’s knee; or Dame Prue Leith’s broken-down Jaguar being pushed up the Mall by doughty volunteers, or indeed the flamboyant brilliance of the gigantic replica royal wedding cake. Nor am I sure why it was so deeply thrilling to see people we wouldn’t normally expect to see sitting on a bus doing just that, including John Craven and Timmy Mallett. “In bits” doesn’t begin to describe the joy. By the end the very sight of Kirsty Young flanked by Lulu and Sir Cliff Richard was enough to set me off. Communal jubilation – you can’t beat it. Much was made by pundits of the wasted chance for William and Harry, to execute a public rapprochement. The incredulous “experts” astound me. These chaps are human beings not mere ciphers. Their feelings are deep-rooted and obviously seismic. They cannot just canter over to one another at a ceremony for a bit of faux-fraternal back-slapping. What if one rejects the other’s handshake? What if one leaves the other’s high-five hanging? What if one bursts into tears? By all that’s holy, repairing severe relationship damage with a billion people watching every flicker of your eyelashes is one heck of a tall order. Showbiz magic is at its most mesmerising when something that couldn’t possibly work by some incalculable alchemy utterly smashes it. I’m talking about the marriage between Ed Sheeran’s simple, unadorned rendition of his song Perfect and the photomontage of the Queen and Prince Philip. Ed’s lyrics about dancing “barefoot on the grass” shouldn’t have melded so exquisitely with shots of the regally shod couple but they did. Even while it was unfurling I couldn’t quite work out how or why Perfect was just that – the perfect song backed by perfect pictures on the perfect day. Yes, I will be watching Love Island. No, I’m not ashamed to admit it. Far from finding the show sleazy or exploitative I revel in the optimism and ebullience of lusty youth. Shepherding the contestants through the programme’s hoops is the effervescent Laura Whitmore. She’s taken on the trolls who volley a tirade of vitriol in her direction asking about the money she earns, evoking a torrent of disdain, while the salary of her husband, Love Island narrator Iain Stirling, is never cause for comment. I don’t know why but I sure as hell don’t like it. Dan Walker has left the BBC to join Channel 5 News, partly because getting up at 3am for six years “took a toll on brain and body”. Forsooth, the man is a lightweight. He wasn’t even on air five days a week. I’ve been presenting Radio 2’s early Breakfast Show for the past 12 years. The programme is live at 4am every weekday. Its two million-strong audience is primarily made up of the key workers we clapped throughout the pandemic: truckers, paramedics, cleaners, firefighters, sewage workers, railway staff and an assortment of nursing mothers, hospital patients, early risers and insomniacs. Do I bang on about the “toll”? Of course I don’t, particularly as my lovely listeners are working their socks off without a word of complaint. If you don’t want egg all over your face, you’ll keep shtum on the “go to work on an egg” edict. Over a lifetime we have seen the humble egg fall from grace like Humpty Dumpty, only to rise Phoenix-like to eggs-alted resurrection as we now learn that they can help cardiovascular health, thus overturning previously held views. Trouble is, egg information is an omelette of half-truths and superstitions. We veer between evangelistic egg enthusiasts and emphatic eggsperts eggshorting us never to touch the orbs for fear of instant cholesterol crescendo, only to find otherwise. No yoke, I’m scrambled. But egg mayo sandwiches are unparalleled earthly bliss.