Shirley Ballas struggled to fight back tears as she opened up on her brother David’s death to Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning. The Strictly Come Dancing judge became emotional in the interview as she detailed the importance of raising awareness for Campaign Against Living Miserably (CALM) and male suicide. The professional dancer reflected on the “warning signs” before David took his own life. She said: “There were little things that he would say or comments that he would make. “He wouldn’t even go to the hospital because he just didn’t want anybody to know.” She continued: “If someone changes a habit, one minute they’re being super jovial the next minute they’re done or they’re not bathing or turning up to appointments. Read more: Ranvir Singh hits back at GMB guest as row erupts over fat suits “These start to be little signs, we have to be astute “Our lives are so packed as mine was then you say, ‘Oh you’ll be fine.’” “I’ve had people say that to me in some of the darkest times of my life, ‘Oh you’ll strong, you’ll be fine,’” she shared. “But they don’t know what’s going on inside even when my brother passed people said, ‘It’ll be fine. “Well you know what if you haven’t been through this it won’t be fine.” “You learn to live with it but it never goes away,” Shirley added. The Strictly head judge revealed: “If I knew now back then, I could have really helped in a much better way so communication is key.” Describing her brother, she continued: “Everybody loved him. He was a big brother. He was like a father. He was everything to me. DON'T MISSGMB viewers lash out at remainer protester 'Get some security!' [VIDEO]TV viewers slam dating debate 'Didn't think GMB could sink any lower' [INTERVIEW]Where is Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain? When will she be back? [INSIGHT] "We talked every day at four o'clock. He was really the last person that I would ever think would take his own life." Phillip noted it was important to “talk to people” after touching on his own mental health struggles. Shirley remarked: “There are many organisations where you can reach out to communicate on a small level. “We’re in a moving world with social media, life goes so fast, and if you just take a step back, a breath, a moment, and listen and really try to see your family or friend…” David took his own life in 2003 aged 44 after suffering from depression. Shirley appeared on This Morning to talk about David’s photo being a part of a CALM exhibition at London’s Southbank. The exhibition shows the smiling faces of 50 people shortly before they took their own lives. If you need to talk, contact the Samaritans on their free helpline open 24/7 on 116 123. Alternatively, click here for support. 