Manchester United have shown interest in signing Nicolas Tagliafico this summer in addition to Antony, Lisandro Martinez and Jurrien Timber, according to reports. While the Red Devils are yet to make progress in the market, the Old Trafford hierarchy are understood to have plenty of plates spinning as part of their rebuild under Erik ten Hag. When a deal was struck with the Dutchman, Ajax were willing to swerve the idea of putting a ban on him signing any of his former players. It's handed the 52-year-old the chance to raid his Eredivisie-winning squad and it appears there is a new option in play. According to The Mail, United hold an interest in signing the Argentine left-back ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. The 29-year-old is out of contract in 2023, meaning Ajax are willing to consider offers for his services this summer. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings Tagliafico has previously attracted interest from the likes of West Ham and Chelsea but a Premier League switch has failed to materialise in the past few seasons. Now it seems United would be open to exploring a deal to provide cover and competition for Luke Shaw and Alex Telles. The Brazilian could yet leave the club this summer, although he will get the chance to impress new boss Ten Hag in pre-season before any decision is made. Tyrell Malacia of Feyenoord was a firm target for United but he now looks set to join Lyon in a £12m switch. United are also open to exploring deals for both Martinez and Antony, although they are yet to make the breakthrough on any new arrivals. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Martinez is additionally of firm interest to Arsenal, who have already seen an offer worth £25m rejected by Ajax. It's been reported that United met with intermediaries working on behalf of the centre-back, earlier this week. Meanwhile, background discussions have been held for Antony and he is seemingly open to reuniting with Ten Hag. Problematically for United though, Ajax are demanding upwards of £60m in order to agree to a sale. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer The player's representatives could hold the key to any deal if they are willing to pressure Ajax into a sale. Antony has proved a real hit in Holland following his 2020 move from Sao Paulo and United are keen on adding him to the attacking options. United previously failed with a move for defender Timber, who has seemingly opted to remain at Ajax for at least another season. Former United boss Louis van Goal has advised the centre-back to stay in Amsterdam ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar, as he is guaranteed regular playing time.