Queen legends Brian May and Roger Taylor were interviewed along with Adam just before tonight's spectacular show outside Buckingham Palace. Brian remembered his 2002 Diamond Jubilee moment on the Palace roof and said: "It’s wonderful to be back. We have some new presentation ideas, so it’s going to be very interesting… And we have some songs which everyone knows and they have a special relevance tonight because it’s about the Queen and how amazing she has been and how we all want her to carry on." And then Adam opened up about playing for such a special occasion and his role in the band. Adam said: "It’s wild. We’re on tour right now so we’re ready to go, we’re very warm and it always feels great to be a guest of Brian and Roger on the stages around the world. And now to be a guest of the United Kingdom for the Jubilee, it’s a huge honour. "What  I’ve learned about the Queen, (is) what an impressive lady, what a graceful and powerful presence in this country. I’m thrilled... "As I was on stage (rehearsing earlier) I turned around I realised I was in the gate of the palace and thought this is definitely the most surreal thing I have done in a while…" The band opened tonight's festivities in spectacular fashion with a medley of hits including Don't Stop Me Now and We Are the Champions. They were watched from the royal box by Prince Charles and Camilla, Prince William, Kate and their two eldest children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, along with a host of dignitaries. Host Lee Mack whipped up the crowd by getting everyone to join in with Freddie Mercury's famous "Ayyy-ohhh" calls and responses, but had less luck with the royal box... DON'T MISSBrian May admits 'greatest regret' as Queen + Adam Lambert tour startsQueen" Freddie Mercury's heartfelt gift to Brian May proved his loveQueen: John Deacon wrote hit song for his wife, Freddie 'hated' part Queen and Adam Lambert have just restarted their global tour, which had been interrupted like so many by the global pandemic. The band is currently in the UK, including a series of shows at London's O2 from tomorrow. On their opening night in Belfast, Adam, as he has so many times in the past, told the crowd he was not there to "replace" Freddie Mercury. This echoed his statement tonight that he still saw himself as a "guest" of Brian and Roger. Brian previously declared: "What’s great is, Adam doesn’t feel like a replacement at all; in his own way, he’s an innovator on stage. He’s part of our new balance. "Adam can do all the stuff that Freddie did and more. It doesn’t matter what you throw at Adam — he can do it. He can do Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy..." Brian added: "He’s a born exhibitionist. He’s not Freddie, and he’s not pretending to be him, but he has a parallel set of equipment. He knows how to deal with an audience. He teases and taunts an audience quite naturally, without thinking about it. He loves to dress up… Adam lives and breathes that stuff." "Adam is style, and that’s not to say he’s not content as well. He’s a born rock star and frontman, so it’s a very vibrant relationship we have with him. We treat Adam exactly the same as we treated Freddie in almost every way." QUEEN AND ADAM LAMBERT TOUR INFORMATION