P-Valley is a TV adaptation of a play by Katori Hall and the second season has just started airing on Starz. The new episodes introduce a number of series regulars, including a bartender at The Pynk. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about newcomer Big Bone and who plays her. P-Valley has been airing weekly in the US with the third episode due to air on June 19. The second season has already received positive feedback from critics and it continues to grow in popularity. The season has already touched on the impact of the pandemic and The Pynk may have been saved once already, but Covid threatens to ruin the Mississippi Delta strip club for good. Big Bone is hired to man the bar and she is a fighter with sky-high ambitions. READ MORE: P-Valley star opens up on Clifford and Lil Murda break-up According to Deadline: "She is a rambunctious new presence at The Pynk blessed with a molasses-thick body, knees of steel, and a tongue more lethal than a Draco.” Big Bone is played by model and dancer Miracle Watts and this is her first-ever TV role. She is the CEO of The Miracle Lifestyle and Miracles Kloset, and both are thriving businesses. The star is on Instagram and she shared the news of her latest TV venture back in March. She said: "When hard work, sleepless nights, & countless auditions meets opportunity. "I can actually say, my first role is ON THE HOTTEST TV SHOW OUT P-VALLEY. "Whewwww, Won’t he do it!!! Thank you @katorihall for taking a leap of faith and trusting my talents with your most prized possession. "Thanks to @toshaknowstalent for always pushing me and believing in me. "Thank you to my P-VALLEY 'FRAMILY' for welcoming me with warm hearts and open arms throughout this journey. "It’s been a year since I was cast for this role & the time is finally here to share. DON'T MISS... Power fans thrilled as Joseph Sikora begins Force season 2 [DISCUSSION] Omari Hardwick salary: How much did the Power star earn per episode? [EXPLAINER] BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Carol Kirkwood [VIDEO] "I can’t wait for you all to meet BIG BONE making her debut this June!" [Sic] The entrepreneur is also due to welcome her first child with boyfriend and actor Tyler Lepley. She came into the spotlight after musician Drake mentioned her on the OB O’Brien track, 2 On Thotful. The fashion and beauty fanatic from Houston, Texas, went on to gain 2.5million Instagram followers. In the latest episode of P-Valley, Big Bone became trouble as she came between Mercedes (Brandee Evans) and Autumn (Elarica Johnson). She also tried to earn some money by dancing on the bar, after being demoted to serving drinks. As the show's new whirlwind, fans will be interested to see what destruction Big Bone could potentially cause. Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the character, with Naya saying: "I love me some Big Bone. Miracle Watts is really that girl."  P-Valley airs on Starz with new episodes every Sunday at 10pm ET/PT.