Bjarne Schieldrop, an analyst at Swedish bank SEB, warned prices could be near £165 per barrel if the G7 pushes ahead with plans to cap the price of Russian crude and products. He said on Wednesday that the plans were a "recipe for disaster" and stressed prices in the oil market have more than doubled to $120 (nearly £100) a barrel this year. The G7, including Britain, said it would explore the feasibility of capping Russian oil prices in a meeting on Tuesday. It also said it wants to stop the country from profiting from the surge in energy prices driven by its invasion of Ukraine. However, Schieldrop warned the plan seems "neat on paper but it sounds like a recipe for disaster right now". He instead suggested Russia had been handed immense power in the market due to strong demand and low supplies. JUST IN: 'Stupid!' Sadiq Khan slammed after claiming Brexit Britain should rejoin single market  The market could face even greater pressures if Russian production was to fall by as much as two million barrels per day. Schieldrop said in a note on Wednesday: "G7 countries are today praying that Russian oil exports will not go down. "Because if they do, then the oil price will spike from the current $117 a barrel to above $200 a barrel." He added: "Ultimately, if the price cap regime is implemented and buyers try to adhere to it, then naturally Russia will say 'pay the price or no oil'." According to Business Insider, Russia produced around 10million barrels per day in May. However, it has been suggested output from the Kremlin could decline due to the EU's plan to ban 90 percent of Russian imports by the end of 2022. The UK announced a similar plan to phase out Russian oil imports. Speaking earlier this year, Boris Johnson said: "In another economic blow to the Putin regime following their illegal invasion of Ukraine, the UK will move away from dependence on Russian oil throughout this year, building on our severe package of international economic sanctions. DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Should Boris let Sturgeon have IndyRef2? [REACT]Tory MPs dreading Boris Partygate inquiry [INSIGHT]Boris expected to bring back winning election campaign chief [REVEAL] "Working with industry, we are confident that this can be achieved over the course of the year, providing enough time for companies to adjust and ensuring consumers are protected." Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng added: "Unprovoked military aggression will not pay and we will continue to support the brave people of Ukraine as they stand up to tyranny, building on our existing sanctions that are already crippling Putin’s war machine. "We have more than enough time for the market and our supply chains to adjust to these essential changes. "Businesses should use this year to ensure a smooth transition so that consumers will not be affected."