Would it not now be a good idea for him to put up and shut up and accept the result of the no confidence vote on Boris Johnson? (“Show Tory voters you’ll act on their priorities, Boris”, June 8). Heed your own advice Mr Bridgen because, believe me, it looks better than stamping your feet for not getting the result you wanted. You now need to knuckle down and get on with the task of sorting out the problems that beset the country. Christopher Humphreys, Ewloe, Flints ------------------------------ Remainers’ agenda to oust PM has totally backfired Now the dust has settled it appears “Partygate” was a not-too-subtle plot by Remainers to oust Boris (“Fighting back! Boris’ tax blitz to silence rebels”, June 8). He stands between them and their determination to return to the EU, aided and abetted by sections of the media and opposition parties. Those foolish Tories who believed it was just about events at No.10 have been duped. Hopefully a light-bulb moment will make them realise Boris is their only hope in a general election. I’m sure they wouldn’t fancy their chances of retaining their seats if Remainer Jeremy Hunt was leader? John Oakley, Lincoln ------------------------------ Public are utterly fed up with this bunch of clowns I am sick and tired of MPs squabbling and wrangling like a lot of children in a playground, with regard to replacing Boris Johnson as Prime Minister. Human nature tells me there are those among them who have their eyes on the main chance for political gain. The whole thing has gone on for too long. Important issues are being put on the backburner while the spectacle of MPs making fools of themselves continues. Enough. Ruth Peberdy, Bridgwater, Somerset ------------------------------ Johnson should take heed of Esther’s sound advice If Boris is listening to anyone, please let it be Esther McVey (Comment, June 7). She summed up precisely what he needs to focus on to deliver the government we voted for. A competent, hardworking, functioning, organised, disciplined government delivering for the people is all we ask. Martin Board, Welwyn Garden City, Herts