Stacey Solomon, 32, has joked that Joe Swash, 40, is “trying to get her pregnant” after she filmed him helping her do chores around the house. Stacey already has four children. Her and Joe share eight-month-old Rose and three-year-old Rex, and Stacey has Zachary, 14, and Leighton, 10, from previous relationships. Joe also has another son named Harry. Despite Joe’s efforts, however, Stacey ruled that four children are enough for her.The Loose Woman made the comment in a new Instagram Story in view of her 5.2 million followers.She shared a clip of Joe hanging clothes on a washing line and added Etta James’ song, I Just Want to Make Love to You.In the caption, Stacey joked: “Someone spent the evening trying to get me pregnant again. READ MORE:Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family “Shop’s shut I’m afraid, but I thoroughly enjoyed the commitment.”Stacey and Joe will have their minds occupied at the moment as they plan their upcoming wedding.The loved-up couple are set to tie the knot on July 25.It was previously reported that Stacey is beginning to “feel the pressure” as the big day draws nearer. An insider said: “Stacey hasn’t stopped.“She’s trying to do everything, but she is the one putting the most stress on herself,” they told OK! last month.The ceremony is set to take place at the family’s £1.2 million Essex home, which she lovingly dubs Pickle Cottage.They initially planned to get married at a venue but decided to change their plans after moving into the mansion. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury[INSIGHT]Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini[PICTURES]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline[LATEST] Former X Factor finalist Stacey explained on Lorraine last year: “We had the venue and we didn’t know we were going to move here. We saw the house and thought, 'Let’s go for it'."Now we’re here, we’d actually like to get married in the garden. We’re trying to see if we can do that."The wedding planning is a bit on halt at the moment. It’s all just come at once, so many of these things have been in the planning for years.“I feel so lucky, privileged and grateful and I just think you have to take any opportunity when it comes." Stacey revealed in April that she picked her wedding dress from Belfast bridal shop, Verona Bridalni.She also said that her children and two dogs, Peanut and Teddy, will have roles in the ceremony.She explained: “We’ve got four boys and they will all just be our page boys. We didn’t want to make one the best man or give one a special role.  “But I would like them all to walk me down the aisle with my dad."[The dogs] are getting suits made and they’ll have bow ties. I made a wedding planning book and a whole double page is dedicated to the dogs.”