Rafael Nadal is preparing for Wimbledon where he will endeavour to win the title for the third time. Should he hoist the Gentlemen's Singles Trophy on July 10, Nadal will claim his third successive major and will only need to win the US Open in September to achieve the calendar grand slam.  While Nadal has enjoyed a phenomenal 2022 on the court, he's also shared some wonderful news off it. The Spaniard is set to become a father with his wife Maria Xisca Perello as she is pregnant with their first child. Fresh from his French Open victory earlier this month, he appeared at a press conference in Mallorca where he revealed the news. "If all goes well, I'm going to be a father," he told reporters on Friday. "I'm not used to talking about my personal life, prefer to keep a low-profile. I don't anticipate this meaning a change to my professional life." Having first entered a relationship in 2005, Nadal and Perello have been married since October 2019. According to India Today, they met through Nadal's younger sister Maribel, a childhood friend of Perello. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal's thoughts on Calendar Grand Slam explained ahead of Wimbledon return  She is regularly in attendance to watch his matches, along with other members of Nadal’s close-knit family, his mother, father and sister. The 33-year-old business graduate who has also worked in insurance, is now the project director of the Rafa Nadal Foundation. Perello does not have any social media accounts and prefers to keep a low-profile, something scarcely seen in the showbiz world. "No, no… I don’t have any public account. Probably. I have not looked at it," she said in a 2020 interview with La Vanguardia. She went on to explain why she is rarely pictured with Nadal, who is fairly active on his social media channel. "I am not in them because those images are snapshots of a moment," she added. "They are not planned… in the case of tennis it was a spur of the moment idea and they put it up because it was fun. But that’s it. "Besides, I’ve always been very clear that I’m not the famous one. If I am it will backfire. The one who has done something to deserve it is Rafa, not me." The Spanish beauty will no doubt be on hand to cheer Nadal on at the All-England Club when the third grand slam of the year commences on Monday. 