 The Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled across the pond earlier this month for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which ran from June 2 to 5. Meghan and Harry kept a low profile during their visit and only attended two Jubilee events: Trooping the Colour and the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. The couple returned to the UK with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana — but they were not seen publicly during the four-day bank holiday.  Lilibet celebrated her first birthday on June 4 and reportedly met her great-grandmother, the Queen, for the first time a couple of days prior. According to The Sun, the Sussexes were keen to bring a photographer to the two Lilibet’s first face-to-face meeting, but the request was denied. Royal biographer Christopher Andersen has now described the photo ban as "unnecessarily mean-spirited,” recalling how the duke and duchess’ son was pictured with his royal great-grandparents at two days old in 2019. As Mr Andersen told The Daily Beast last week: “Archie had his photo taken with the Queen and Prince Philip when he was two days old.  “To deny this to Lili on her first birthday just seems unnecessarily mean-spirited. “The Queen could have overruled her handlers on this one issue, and of course she could have allowed the Sussexes to appear on the balcony with the rest of the family at some point during the Jubilee. “This was a historic event and to exclude Harry and Meghan from the visual record just seems wrong.” It is traditional for royal grandchildren and great-grandchildren to be photographed with the monarch, but Meghan and Harry returned to the US without a picture.  Members of the Firm were reportedly concerned that pictures of the Queen and Lilibet could be shared with US media outlets. Ahead of their UK visit, there were fears that the couple would be accompanied by a Netflix filming crew as Meghan and Harry are understood to have been filming an at-home documentary series over the past few months. However, the duke and duchess attended the Jubilee celebrations without cameras and were noticeably absent from the limelight. Meghan and Harry made their first official, public appearance on Friday, June 3, as they attended the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen.  They were seated on the opposite side of the cathedral from Prince Charles and Prince William, and rows behind other working royals. Duncan Larcombe, a biographer of Prince Harry and a former royal editor at The Sun, told The Daily Beast that this seating arrangement shows “the feud is still on”. He said: “The choreography of being seated behind the Duke of Gloucester in the church service is very telling and won’t have been lost on Meghan or Harry. “The feud is still on, and we know that because if this feud was over, you can be sure we would have been told all about it; a family photo would have been issued, or William and Harry might have been photographed dancing together on Saturday night.  “None of that happened. It hardly would have been possible to imagine it beforehand, but the Jubilee has actually made things worse. “The Royal Family looked like they were offering an olive branch, but it turned out to be a baseball bat.” Meghan and Harry reportedly left the country before the celebrations came to an end on Sunday, June 5. As the Platinum Jubilee Pageant finale got underway outside Buckingham Palace, the Sussexes had already left Frogmore Cottage.  The couple’s premature exit came as experts claimed Harry was struggling to accept his new "second row royal" role.  For instance, Ingrid Seward told The Sun at the time: “Becoming a ‘second row royal’ is difficult for Harry to swallow…when he walked into the cathedral with his stylish wife Meghan by his side, he looked fed-up. “The Queen is obviously fond of Harry and Meghan…It is the olive branch she always offers as a true Christian. “She did it for Diana. She did it for Fergie…she has done it for her son, the Duke of York. “Harry and Meghan are slowly learning just where they have to stand.”