The scheme will involve people seeing High Street pharmacists for referrals and roaming trucks will be sent into communities to perform on the spot scans. That’s just not good enough. Pharmacists are not doctors and anyone who is showing signs of cancer has an absolute right to be seen by their GP and not have to settle for seeing someone at their local chemist. That’s not to disrespect pharmacists. It’s because doctoring and pharmacy are two distinctly different professions. In the UK the shortest possible time it takes to become a fully qualified doctor is nine years. During that time they do four years at medical school, two years as a foundation year doctor and then three years as a GP. It’s more for surgeons. They diagnose and treat people suffering from illnesses and injuries and they perform surgeries. Pharmacists do a four-year degree, they do not go to medical school and they work with medications and pharmaceutical therapies like vaccines. It is not their job or their skill set to provide medical evaluations. They simply aren’t trained for it. So why would we ask them to decide whether someone may or may not be showing signs of cancer. In this country we’re forever talking about people’s human rights. Well, it’s a potentially sick person’s human right to be seen by a fully qualified doctor if they are showing signs of any life-threatening illness. They should not be palmed off onto pharmacists just because the NHS can’t cope – which waiting lists would indicate it can’t. And this scheme – as good as it might first sound – is another way of the NHS divesting responsibility for people’s health. If the NHS can’t cope with the referrals it’s getting now from doctors how the hell is it going to cope with the many thousands more it’s going to get from pharmacists. Because if I was a pharmacist – and in order to cover my back – I’d send anyone with anything vaguely dodgy for a cancer test because I wouldn’t want to be held responsible for missing something. But a doctor is much more able to evaluate and dismiss symptoms that aren’t cancer – because of their nine years of training. Amanda Pritchard, NHS boss, says that she wants to make it as easy as possible for people to get life-saving tests. Really? That might sound plausible, responsible even, if not for a study that shows the UK is languishing near the bottom of a global league for cancer survival. Research carried out on 4 million patients over 20 years shows the UK’s improvements in cancer detection and cure have failed to keep pace with other comparable high-income countries. Long before the pandemic pledges were made to speed up cancer diagnoses here but it hasn’t happened. And not only do our survival rates lag behind other countries, studies have shown we have little or no chance of ever catching up. So what is our answer to that hellish problem? Oh yes, we ask people who aren’t doctors to help detect early cancers when in the last 20 years doctors haven’t properly been able to. We’re talking about potential life and death here and that can’t be put into the hands of people who aren’t doctors. The very least the people who pay for the NHS deserve is to be seen by a doctor if they’re showing signs of an illness that could kill them. We’re forever hearing stories about how even experienced GPs miss the early signs of cancer, often understandably, because they differ so hugely. So, how the hell can we expect a pharmacist to? This scheme is just putting a sticking plaster on a problem that deserves much more time and attention. We keep being told there aren’t enough GPs to go around but as the average GP works just three and a half days a week that’s hardly surprising. The people championing this scheme can dress it up how they like but this really is short-changing potentially sick people. In other high-income countries like ours cancer detection and survival rates are way better. The UK is twenty years behind some of those countries and it’s time we asked why. And as fantastic and necessary as pharmacists are – they’re not the people who should be taking the fall – because they will if cancers are missed – for an NHS that needs root and branch reform in the way it deals with this disease. 