Monday saw day one of Wimbledon 2022 kicking off on the BBC, and during the anticipated match between tennis legend Andy Murray and Australian sports star James Duckworth, eagle-eyed BBC viewers noticed there were a lot of gaps in the audience and questioned why so many seats remained empty, with some accusing some corporates of "not caring" about sport.  Following Emma Raducanu's victory over Belgian Alison Van Uytvanck in the opening round, it was time for Andy Murray to take to the tennis court. Murray has beaten Duckworth in the past, including at the 2018 US Open and the following year at the Brisbane International. As the game kicked off, fans kept noticing the spectators were sitting amongst empty chairs. Twitter user @Gary_Francis_ asked: "Why is there so many empty seats on Centre Court for the Andy Murray match?#Wimbledon #AndyMurray." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Chris Edwards wrote: "Can’t believe how many empty seats there at  #Wimbledon this evening for Murray on centre court." @Riley87Js penned: "A lot of empty seats on Centre Court for an Andy Murray match #Wimbledon." @jpowls questioned: "How are there so many empty seats at #Wimbledon?! Too many corporates who don’t care about sport." "Usual #Wimbledon rant. People queuing since Friday. Day 1, British player on centre court. Empty seats everywhere. WTF? Drives me mental @Wimbledon," @RustySheriff147 fumed. @steeveeb855 shared: "#Wimbledon Why all the empty seats on centre court? Great match on now." @ChristineGlov13 shared: "#Wimbledon can someone tell me why so many empty seats in the Murray match. Let us in please?" @siobhanlouisew echoed this, posting: "I hate seeing all the empty seats at #Wimbledon - I'd watch any match if I was there!" At one point, one of the commentators also picked up on the fact many seats were empty. DON'T MISS... 'You can't be serious?' Sue Barker hounded over her last Wimbledon [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Jean Johansson taken aback by couple's refusal [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts to face deadly exit [THEORY] Murray put on a strong fight against Duckworth, taking a promising lead from the Australian. The Scotsman remained largely in control towards the end of the match, and the crowd could be heard cheering him on throughout. The game was delayed slightly due to the decision to close the roof as darkness was setting in. This year marks Sue Barker's final Wimbledon tournament. Earlier this month, the Wimbledon stalwart announced she would be stepping down after the 2022 games. She explained: "What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. "I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best." Her colleagues addressed the milestone on Monday, with John McEnroe telling her the news was "unbelievable." Wimbledon airs daily from 11am on BBC One and Two.