The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have kept the vow they made when they stepped down as senior working royals in 2020 that they would be financially independent. Accounts revealed by the Sovereign Grant show that the Queen, Prince Charles and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge incur massive costs.  However, this is not the case for the Sussexes now living in California who no longer receive any funds from the Prince of Wales. A source close to Prince Charles said the Duke and Duchess "should be congratulated on achieving their goal" in earning millions from the private sector. Since stepping back as senior working royals, the Sussexes have signed several deals thought to be worth millions of dollars. One deal is with Netflix who they hope to work with to create "content that informs but also gives hope."  Although it is unknown how much the deal is worth there are reports it could be worth as much as $112million. It is believed that one project includes a documentary about the Invictus Games founded by the Duke. Another is a children's series about the adventures of a young girl called Pearl with the Duchess acting as executive producer. The Sussexes have also signed a deal with Spotify which is said to be worth £30million. READ MORE: Sussexes' 'pivotal' popularity moment as Jubilee visit not 'monetised'  They will produce podcasts promoting “diverse and inspiring voices” under the couple's Archewell Audio brand. According to the funding section of the Sussex Royal website, the Sussexes transitioned to a "new working model" in 2020. Written at the time of the royal couple's departure from frontline royal duties a statement on the website explains they wished to obtain "financial independence". They said: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex take great pride in their work and are committed to continuing their charitable endeavours as well as establishing new ones. DON'T MISS: An American dream that turned into a nightmare [REVEAL] Ashen-faced Prince Andrew seen for first time since Maxwell sentencing [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan savaged over rumoured Oprah chat [SPOTLIGHT] "In addition, they value the ability to earn a professional income, which in the current structure they are prohibited from doing. "For this reason they have made the choice to become members of the Royal Family with financial independence. "Their Royal Highnesses feel this new approach will enable them to continue to carry out their duties for Her Majesty The Queen, while having the future financial autonomy to work externally. "While the contribution from The Sovereign Grant covers just five percent of costs for The Duke and Duchess and is specifically used for their official office expense, Their Royal Highnesses prefer to release this financial tie. "As working members of the Royal Family, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex remain dedicated to maximising Her Majesty’s legacy both in the UK and throughout the Commonwealth." 