Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have made their first public appearance in the UK since they decided to step down as senior royals in 2020. Speaking to TalkTV, Angela Levin discussed the couple's visit to the UK. Talk TV's host and journalist Mike Graham said: "We managed to get through my entire show yesterday, three hours, without mentioning the unmentionables. "I see this morning, that they've managed to find their way into some of the papers with a few choice pictures, which obviously they knew were being taken." Mr Graham added, asking Ms Levin: "St Pauls will be the first time we see William and Kate and Meghan and Harry together, if you like, what are you expecting to see." Ms Levin said: "Do you know what, I felt when I saw them [Meghan and Harry] 'what are you doing here? you are irrelevant, why are you here'. "I was very angry when they wound the window down of the car that they were carrying in, that was a blackout window and they wound that down and waved out of the window so everyone would see." READ MORE: Jubilee LIVE: Lilibet meets Lilibet! Joy as Meghan, Harry baby FINALLY sees namesake Queen She added: "They are people that fought for more security, the upmost security, yet they were happy to wind the window down and wave. "Why are they doing that?" She noted that Harry has previously said he "felt like he was in a zoo when he was in the Royal Family" so "what was he doing" waving out of the car on Thursday. The royal biographer added: "Why would you want to do that if you hate being in a zoo". She described it as "horrible". READ MORE: 'Coolest uncle and aunt' Dr Shola praises Meghan and Harry as they chat to Queen grandkids Meghan and Harry made the decision to step down as senior working royals in January 2020. Their last official royal outing as senior royals was in March 2020. In their official departure statement, which they posted on Instagram, the couple declared that the decision came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". DON'T MISS Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'will only curtsy to the Queen' at Jubilee - claim [VIDEO] They stated that they intended "to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family" and to work to "become financially independent". They noted that despite this, they wanted to continue "to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". Since their exit, the couple reside in the US with their two children, three-year-old son Archie and Lilibet, who will celebrate her first birthday on June 4. The couple have bought their children to the UK for the visit and it is reported that the Queen has finally met her namesake great-granddaughter for the first time.