Everton forward Richarlison has informed the club that he wants to leave in order to chase a move to Chelsea, Real Madrid or Paris Saint-Germain this summer, according to reports. The Brazilian maestro has been linked with a move away from Goodison Park over the last few months, with Arsenal said to have been keeping a close eye on his situation ahead of the upcoming transfer window. The Gunners have often been credited with an interest in Richarlison, who played an important role in keeping Everton away from the drop zone in the Premier League towards the end of last season. However, the man himself is determined to avoid a move to the Emirates Stadium in order to join one of three other clubs, according to The Sun. It is claimed that Richarlison is only interested in joining Chelsea in the event of a move to another English side, while he would also consider signing for Real Madrid or PSG if either team decide to submit offers for his services in the not-too-distant future. He has already informed Everton of his desire to seek a new challenge as a matter of priority and recently switched to a new agency, CAA Base, who also represents the likes of Dele Alli and Toffees manager Frank Lampard. Everton would reportedly demand a fee in the region of £65million to let go of Richarlison, who registered 33 appearances in all competitions for the Merseyside club over the course of the campaign just gone. Arsenal may decide to capitalise on the situation by moving for the player's services in the not-too-distant future, although it seems clear that he would rather snub their interest and hold out for the likes of Chelsea, Real Madrid or PSG to come calling. JUST IN: Tottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing The Toffees would be hugely reluctant to lose Richarlison, who remains tied down for another two years after signing a long-term extension to his previous contract back in 2019. However, there is an expectation that Everton will not stand in his way if a suitable bid is made before the first ball is kicked at the start of next season. Everton are reportedly planning to trim their squad in order to save money after narrowly escaping a charge of breaking Premier League financial fair play rules, which suggests that Richarlison could soon be on his way out as part of the club's cost-cutting initiative. He recently hinted at a potential move away by refusing to confirm that he would be staying at Everton when quizzed on his future last month. "I’ve already made it clear to the board, I’ve already talked to Lampard too, with my agents and they know what I want," said Richarlison. "Let’s wait for June. Now I can’t talk, because when we talk about leaving a club I’m kind of like this, because of the history I have at Everton, the affection that the fans have for me. When we talk about leaving I’m a little speechless." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here