We are not even allowed to know their name. This was not a UK judge – every court up to and including the Supreme Court decreed the flight to Rwanda was lawful and could go ahead. No, it was a judge in Strasbourg who at the 11th hour on Wednesday brought the Government’s latest flagship law to deal with illegal immigrants to a crashing halt. It begs the question: who’s running this country? A democratically elected Government keeping its election promises, or unelected and unaccountable foreign judges? What makes it worse is that the ECHR judges are not even guaranteed to have had any judicial experience. They are in effect political appointees, and yet these people seem to think they can overturn decisions made by an elected Parliament and confirmed by the UK Supreme Court as lawful. How can we call our top court Supreme when it is clearly anything but? We shouldn’t be surprised. These judges are the same people who ruled the UK should give prisoners the vote – despite the Convention they are supposed to implement explicitly ruling out universal suffrage as part of it. In effect this court doesn’t make legal judicial decisions, they make political decisions and yet nobody in the UK elected them to do so. Enough! Whatever your view on sending asylum seekers to Rwanda – and I support the Government trying to take steps to deter those illegally entering the country by dinghy from France – this dispute is about something far more important – sovereignty and democracy. We’re a generous nation and support those fleeing persecution, including thousands from Syria, Afghanistan, Hong Kong and most latterly Ukraine. We do not need any lectures or intervention from virtue-signalling ECHR judges. This has reminded us why the country voted to leave the EU – so decisions are made by democratically elected people in the UK, not by unelected and unaccountable people abroad. We need to do the same with the ECHR. We should ignore its rulings or leave. This cannot be allowed to happen again.  Accentism is alive and well in Britain, according to an in-depth study from Northumbria University. People with strong northern accents were considered “less intelligent” and “less educated”, with the media greatly adding to these biases. Being from the north and with an accent, I could have told you that without the need for a costly in-depth study. Rather than repeating the same old reports and compounding the same old messages, a better investigation would have been to measure how savvy, switched-on and money-conscious people with northern accents are. I reckon those with northern accents would have won that contest hands down! UK temperatures this week are hotter than Malibu and Spain’s which is fantastic news for people like me who aren’t getting away this summer. So it’s destination back garden, barbecue out, bikini on, no queues and no cancelled flights!  What a disgrace. After getting £16billion of taxpayers’ money during lockdown and full pay throughout – unlike many in the country – railway workers have decided to thank the taxpaying public by going on strike. How thoughtless, senseless and thoroughly ungrateful. Union bosses have got this strike wrong. Public sympathy will not be on their side and holding the country to ransom in this way will backfire. I will be off to the cinema to see the new biopic movie Elvis where two of my favourite men are featured. Elvis... obviously – the most gorgeous man who ever walked the earth – and Tom Hanks, one of my all-time favourite actors. I’m guaranteed to be all shook up. 