To help keep it fluffy, the experts recommended using bicarbonate of soda and vinegar to “breathe some life” into them. They said: “After a while, carpets will naturally lose their bounce and begin to look a little flat. But don’t worry, there are things you can do to breathe some life into them. To really make your carpets super fluffy, you can refresh it with a bicarbonate of soda and vinegar solution. “Just spread bicarbonate of soda over your carpet and work it into the fibres with a stiff brush, before letting it sit overnight. “Vacuum the baking soda up in the morning and then fill a spray bottle with equal parts vinegar and cold water. “Just spray into the carpet and work with a stiff brush, and your carpet will be good as new.” Moving furniture around can also help to keep your carpet fluffy. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares 65p trick to unblock drains in 10 minutes The experts also recommended vacuuming regularly to keep it looking “fresh and fabulous”. They explained: “Generally, you should vacuum around once a week but you should aim to vacuum two times a week if you have a softer carpet. “Dust can build up in rooms you don’t use too often, so you may need to vacuum more in this instance to keep your carpets fresh. “To keep your carpet fluffy, always vacuum against the pile, which helps to lift the fabric up. DON'T MISS:Use banana peel trick to ‘provide an advantage’ to roses [EXPERT]Lily of the valley: How to grow Queen Elizabeth II's favourite plant [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘two-minute’ method for cleaning Venetian blinds [INSIGHT] “If you’re not sure which way you pile goes, lay a piece of paper on your carpet and rest a pencil on top of the paper. “Roll the pencil back and forth until you feel the paper moving, the paper moves in the direction the pile goes.” Getting to know your carpet can also really help when it comes to hoovering. According to the experts, loop pile carpet needs to be cleaned with a suction-only vacuum and cut pile carpet will need a beater brush function. Tapi experts said: “If you’re not a carpet expert just yet and don’t know which one you have, cut pile refers to carpet loops that have been cut, whereas loop pile carpets remain in their natural state. “It’s also important to act fast on any stains you make. For water soluble stains, such as drinks or mud, blot away the mark with a solution of two pints of water with a quarter of a teaspoon of white vinegar. “Start with a clean cloth and gently press the stain, moving from the outside to the inside. “Never rub the stain as this causes it to move into the carpet fibres and you risk permanent damage.” For tough stains such as blood, coffee and wine, the experts recommended using ammonia mixed with water. If the carpet is wool, stick to a mild detergent to remove the stains. The experts continued: “With any stain, it’s a good idea to test your cleaning product on an unseen area of your carpet before use to make sure it won’t damage or discolour the material. “Always avoid using hot water as this can actually make stains worse, and always act fast.” For Britons with pets, the best way to remove odour is to apply bicarbonate of soda to the area and let it absorb. It can then be blotted away and vacuumed. Johanna Constantinou, brand and communications director at Tapi, said: “Installing great quality carpets is a wise investment, but spending time learning how to extend the lifespan of your carpet is arguably even wiser. “We hope these tips help to keep your carpets looking fresh, fluffy and as good as new, regardless of whatever life throws at them.”