Her Majesty is expected to watch some of the races in person this week at Royal Ascot, sources have claimed. The Queen, royal sources claimed, is keen to watch some of her runners hitting the racecourse over the next few days. The monarch has 10 entries at the meeting, including Kings Lynn and Reach for the Moon - the horse who had to pull out of the Epsom Derby for an injury. In past years, the Queen would travel to the racecourse near her Windsor residence by carriage, accompanied by her guests. This year, however, she would ditch the horse-drawn carriage and travel to Ascot by car. The monarch is unlikely to attend the first day of the races, with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, leading the carriage procession in lieu of her absence. News the monarch may make a public appearance outside of palace walls for the first time since June 5 delighted royal fans. Twitter user sunshine breeze wrote: "I'm so happy she absolutely loves the Royal Ascot. "My bet for the colour of her outfit is red." And fan account The Royal Crown said: "Hope she’s feeling well enough. It really is amazing how well she’s done up until age 96!!" Royal Ascot is an equestrian event particularly loved by the horseracing-loving Queen. READ MORE: ‘About time!' William sends fans into frenzy with Andrew ultimatum Speaking about the much-anticipated event, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams noted Ascot is believed to be one of the first dates added every year in Her Majesty's diary. He said: "Royal Ascot is reportedly the first date entered in H.M. The Queen’s diary every year and this year it will celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. "Although The Queen suffers from mobility issues, she is a great equine expert and enthusiast and she will attend if she possibly can. "In the past, bets were taken on what colour her hat would be." Royal Ascot was founded by Queen Anne in 1711, while its now traditional royal carriage procession was an addition made to the spectacle by King George IV in 1825. The Queen has been experiencing episodic mobility problems since last autumn. These issues have forced her to miss a number of key events, including the State Opening of Parliament on May 10 and the service of thanksgiving for the Jubilee on June 3. On June 4, in the midst of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the monarch also didn't travel to Surrey for the Epsom Derby - the only British Classic flat race she has yet to win. Despite her mobility issues, the monarch managed to attend the second day of the Royal Windsor Horse Show in May. On the day, she was driven near the arena and watched some of the competitions from her Range Rover. She was later taken close to the stands and walked her way up to the royal box with the help of a light walking stick. Two days later, she returned to the arena to watch the closing night of the Royal Windsor Horse Show's special A Gallop Through History, a star-studded performance including more than 500 horses and 1000 performers taking viewers through a journey from the reign of Queen Elizabeth I to the current monarch's. If she does attend Ascot this week, the Queen will likely be joined by a number of royal relatives. Mike and Zara Tindall are regular attendees of the racecourse, as is Princess Anne. The Earl and Countess of Wessex are also passionate about horseraces. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who yesterday donned for the first time the robes of the Order of the Garter, is also expected to attend the races.