The Duchess of Cambridge visited the capital's busiest station on Wednesday to unveil a national monument dedicated to the Windrush generation. The statue, which is of a man, woman and child standing on top of suitcases, was unveiled to mark Windrush Day, which is held on June, 22 every year. Basil Watson, who is a Jamaican artist, designed the sculpture and said it was an honour to create it. Windrush Day marks the anniversary of the arrival of HMT Empire Windrush on 22 June, 1948, which brought the first 1,027 passengers from the Caribbean to Britain. Between 1948 and 1970, nearly half a million people moved from Caribbean countries to the UK, and are now referred to as the Windrush generation.  For the statue unveiling event, Kate wore a white Alexander McQueen blazer she previously sported on a trip to Jamaica earlier this year. She paired it with matching white trousers and a pair of statement earrings as she and William gathered alongside members of the Windrush generation for the unveiling. The Duke of Cambridge, who celebrated his milestone fortieth birthday the previous day, gave a speech to pay tribute to the generation. Earlier in the day, the royal couple visited a youth club in Brixton to meet with young members of the British-Caribbean community. READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp says show was stopped after Prince William's arrival Photos of the Duchess from the day have created a social media frenzy among royal fans. Commenting on a photo of Kate, one person tweeted: "How gorgeous does the Duchess of Cambridge look today in London? Glowing." Another said the Duchess "always comes out looking more beautiful than the last time you saw her". A third said she will make a "perfect Queen". DON'T MISS: Brits face 'potentially massive crisis' as GPs quit over 'longer days' [INSIGHT]Queen 'still in charge' as Palace shares 'significant' message [COMMENT]How much the Royal Family costs YOU - is the Queen worth it? [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, the Queen also posted a message to mark the unveiling of the monument at the station. The message, which was signed Elizabeth R, said: "It gives me pleasure to extend my congratulations on the creation of the National Windrush Monument. “The unveiling at Waterloo Station on Windrush Day serves as a fitting thank you to the Windrush pioneers and their descendants, in recognition of the profound contribution they have made to the United Kingdom over the decades. “It is my hope that the memorial will serve to inspire present and future generations, and I send you my warmest good wishes on this historic occasion.