A less talented friend or workmate will be playing mind games with you. They are envious of your recent bout of success, and their comments are aimed at making you feel guilty. Turn a deaf ear to their remarks, or you won’t be as alert or as enthusiastic as you could be and then they will have won. You feel strongly that an older relative should give their support to plans the family is making. You are known for your patience. Gently but firmly work on persuading them of the benefits of these ideas. Eventually, they will see there are more positives than negatives to this situation. A youngster feels left out of family discussions. Don’t disregard their need to have some idea of what’s going on. This will help them cope with upcoming changes. Sensitive issues need to be addressed. The sooner discussions are opened, the easier it will be to reach an important agreement.  Ideas will be shared with a group of creative friends. You could be impressed by suggestions made by someone who usually remains in the background. Joint long term plans are being put in place. A partner is ready, willing and able to offer a helping hand. Your job prospects and popularity within the workplace get a boost either due to pure chance or because you are starting to see results of your past hard work. Either way, this will put you in a stronger position to make your own choices and have more control of your life. You’re annoyed with the amount of time being wasted waiting for other people to fulfil their obligations. You can’t help but feel a little peeved by someone’s laziness. But, at the same time, if you say anything about this, things will once again grind to a halt due to them going off sulking.  A friend or colleague may come down with an irritating bug which will result in a quick change of plans. Someone in the family could be called away in an emergency. Whatever unexpected demands fall on you today, you will find a way to cope. Taking responsibility for a young child or animal could change your life in a big way. This new responsibility could come your way unexpectedly and you may have to make some changes in your life and household to reflect these new priorities. Someone close could do with some advice. A gift or message will be received from a youngster or from a friend with a youthful personality. With this will come a request for you to do them a favour. You will be amused by the way they have approached you and you won’t mind helping them out.  Confused messages and uncertainty about a job, or financial matter will make it hard for you to come to terms with changes that are in the offing. Resist the temptation to reach for junk food when you are feeling anxious. If you can’t think clearly, a brisk walk will help. A reassessment of your relationships with family and friends will lead to a radical change. Your goals and your priorities seem very different to what they were this time last year. After looking more deeply into a close relationship, you feel more able to understand yourself a lot better. Wait and see what others are planning before making any commitments or agreements, especially if you know these will not go down well with the family. However, other options or opportunities could soon come your way. You’ve always been intuitive and you sense a hint of change in the air. 