Emmanual Macron's wife Brigitte Macron has wowed in two very different looks since she touched down in Germany for the G7 summit. The pair emerged hand in hand at the welcome ceremony for the summit this morning. Emmanuel looked dapper in a navy suit, but Brigitte stole the show in a head-to-toe beige ensemble. She wore a high-neck dress and on top of this a smart, fitted coat in the same shade. Her dress fell just above the knee and showed off her fabulous legs. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' Her coat boasted some shoulder pads adding to the sophisticated look. She wore the coat undone to unveil the fabulous shift dress but it also contained buttons and a gold belt. On her feet Brigitte opted for beige pumps which perfectly tied together the ensemble. The most striking aspect of her look was a pair of jet black sunglasses.  She wore her blonde hair in an elegant bob with the ends curled inwards to frame her face. As for makeup, this was relatively minimal, with a sweep of mascara and pale pink lipstick. Brigitte clearly enjoys a beautiful beige outfit as she rocked the same colour just yesterday arriving in Munich Airport. This time, however, rather than wearing a dress, she opted for a fitted suit and white blouse. First Lady Brigitte was also pictured today enjoying a Nordic walking tour at a lake nearby Elmau Castle. She opted for an oversized pink shirt with the top few buttons undone. This was loosely tucked into a pair of black skinny jeans. Rather than the towering beige pumps from earlier, Brigitte donned white and black trainers. She accessorised with a pair of trekking poles. This look was undoubtedly more casual than her ensemble earlier in the day. However, the First Lady did add some classic style with another pair of black sunnies. Again, she wore her caramel blonde hair down and appeared to go makeup free or for barely-there makeup. She was joined by Carrie Johnson who wore black trousers, black walking shoes and a black and white t-shirt.