Ted Sanderson was described as “very full of life” and “perfect” by loved ones. He had wanted to become a teacher, and loved music, fishing and shooting. He was at school in Woodham Academy in Newton Aycliffe, Co Durham, when he suddenly collapsed and was rushed to hospital.  The cause of his death is still unknown. His grandmother, Lynn Wilson, told the Northern Echo: “He was a gorgeous boy. He knew everything. He was so much fun and he had so much character. "He was perfect. He loved everything about life. “I can’t think how we are going to live without him. We are going to have to get through this together.” Ted lived with his grandparents Lynn and Keith, and his father Eddie. He was known for loving bass guitar and rock music, his big hair and his love of fun. Ted spent each Sunday playing Airsoft with his friends, as well as nerf gun wars and games.  At school, the young boy took a particular shine to history and RE. He hoped to one day go to university and become a teacher in one of those subjects. Mrs Wilson added: “He just loved life. He did so much. He loved his country sports and his airsoft and nerf wars. “He was very full of life. He was proud to be a geek.” She last saw him when he went down the drive to school. She said "I love you, have a good day" and he replied: "I love you nan." She said: "He was scrunching up his hair the way he always did to make it as big as he could. "Half an hour later we got a call from the school to say he had collapsed. We didn’t know what had happened but then there was no coming back.” The school held a remembrance service yesterday.  READ MORE: Education union bosses rake in £1.4m as teachers threaten to strike [REVEAL] Headteacher Andrew Bell said in a letter to pupils: “Ted was simply a wonderful young man. He was outgoing, friendly, thought provoking, articulate and to some degree, ‘quirky’. “Staff have taken great pride in describing their relationship with Ted, highlighting his enthusiasm for life, his willingness to give opinions, but also listen to the opinions of others. "Ted took a really active role in school life, with interests including music, art, English and Religious Studies. "Ted shared a love of rock music with Dr Lycourinos, and they had many exchanges regarding their passion for the genre. "Similarly, Miss Thomas was so proud of how Ted could inspire an entire class to listen to his extensive knowledge of niche topics such as the C.I.A., the troubles in Northern Ireland and gun law. "He truly was a remarkable young man." 