The former rugby player joked about his daughters' mischievousness and Prince Louis's lively personality while discussing the past weekend of celebrations for the Queen's reign and life. Taking part in an episode of The Good, The Bad & The Rugby podcast, Mike was prompted to speak about the royal children by co-host Alex Payne. While speaking about the Jubilee Pageant, the British presenter said: "The kids were the stars of the show." Mike, who during the event sat next to his daughters Mia and Lena and in front of the Duchess of Cambridge and her children, smiled before mentioning Prince Louis. He said: "Yeah, Louis... he was just wanting to have fun. "And my two [daughters] are always mischievous, so it was trying to keep a lid on. "There were a lot of sweets out back though, so there was a complete sugar high." During the event, Prince Louis took the spotlight with his reactions to the spectacle taking place through the Mall. The adorable child also left Mia, eight, in a fit of giggles after he kissed her on the nose. The children were also spotted chatting and moving around the seats. READ MORE: Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry Prince Louis, who turned four in April, was first seen being cuddled by his mother Kate and later sitting on the lap of his grandfather Prince Charles. Similarly, Mike was spotted sharing his seat with his eldest daughter, while little Lena spent parts of the show sitting on his mum Zara's lap. On the podcast, Mike went on explaining the pageant was "tough" for the children as it lasted for several hours. He said: "It's tough for them. They're all young, they sat there from 2 to 5pm, it's a long time. "So as any parents knows you just do whatever needs to be done." Ahead of the beginning of the pageant, Mike was seen in an adorable interaction with Prince Louis. As Louis turned in his direction, the rugby champion jokingly gave Louis the "I'm watching you" hand gesture - a move which made Kate laugh. Prince Louis had already made headlines thanks to his facial expressions on Thursday, when he stood next to the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the RAF flypast. The child was spotted covering his ears as jets passed above his head and pointing excitedly at the Red Arrows. He also exchanged a few words with the Queen, who appeared delighted by the tot's antics. Louis was not seen on Friday and Saturday, while his parents carried out other engagements. However, his older siblings stepped out for two major events on Saturday. First, they paid their first official visit to Wales, as they headed to Cardiff Castle to meet staff and performers at the local Jubilee concert. There, Charlotte and George also received flowers from well-wishers and exchanged a few words with them. A few hours later, they sat in the front row in the Royal Box between their parents to watch the Party at the Palace concert.