Brave Katie Piper suffered scarring, facial disfigurement and severe trauma after an accomplice hired by her bitter ex-boyfriend threw acid in her face 14 years ago, when she was just 24. Now she has had surgery to address the blindness incurred in one of her eyes, and has taken to Twitter for the first time after the procedure to reassure fans she is on the road to recovery. "The sun is back and so am I!" the 38-year-old declared proudly on Twitter. She told her 303,100 followers: "My eye is on its road to recovery and I’m at the @loosewomen desk today and can’t wait to hear what you all think of todays show! "Happy Monday and see you all soon." She attached an outdoor photo of herself smiling broadly while wearing a belted green dress and coordinated pistachio green shoes. READ NOW: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux The star looked like she hadn't got a care in the world as she rocked the ankle-length, pocketed dress. She received support and praise from many followers, with @johnnyswanston exclaiming: "Looking your very best today Katie!" @colinj66179601 chimed in: "So happy for your recovery Katie, you are a brave and lovely lady." @bb_niebevan added: "Katie you look stunning as always love you on loose women..!" The support isn't just from her ample follower list either - earlier this year,she received an OBE from the Queen. "This is without doubt, one of the happiest times of my life," she wrote on social media after receiving it. "I am so honoured to be recognised on the Queen’s New Year’s Honours list for services to charity and survivors of burns." She added: "I’m very proud to say that we’ve helped and rehabilitated thousands of survivors of burns and people with scars from traumatic incidents, with their physical and mental recovery. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Jeremy Clarkson skewers Lenny Henry’s Glastonbury diversity comments [DEBATE] James Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies [PHOTOS] "Funded purely by voluntary donations, we launched and founded the UK’s first and only live-in rehabilitation centre so that having a brighter future after burns can be for the majority, and not the minority of survivors." Offering a heart-rending message of support, Katie continued: "The charity and the honour is in my name, but so many survivors are at the heart of it all." Meanwhile she assured her Instagram followers that the OBE was "for ALL of us". She previously spoke about her scarring nightmare after her then-boyfriend sought to destroy her good looks. However, though he'd attempted to sabotage her modelling career, she went on to achieve success as a media personality, after harnessing her own self-belief. "I do believe sometimes in life that the only answer is within you," she insisted. "The only person that can make your life really bloody brilliant is yourself.”