The late Diana, Princess of Wales was known as the People’s Princess for her genuine personality and kind nature. But she also reportedly had a “cheeky sense of humour” according to one DJ. Boom Radio presenter Graham Dene was dubbed “Princess Diana’s favourite DJ” when he presented the breakfast show on Capital Radio in the 1980s. To mark what would have been Diana’s 61st birthday on July 1, Graham will be talking all about his encounters with the Princess on his show, which airs on Boom Radio every Monday to Friday at 7.30am. This includes the time she secretly sat in on his final show, as well as her reportedly telling him a very rude joke about Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog on his show. Boom Radio provided some quotes to Express.co.uk from Graham to help celebrate what would have been Princess Diana’s upcoming 61st birthday. Graham said: “One day, a package arrived for me in the studio, with a mug inside.  “It was a white mug, with a caricature of Diana on it. “She was wearing a low-cut blue leotard, and had a top hat and cane in her hands while doing a high kick. “It was after Princess Diana performed a three-minute dance to Billy Joel's Uptown Girl, alongside ballet star Wayne Sleep in December 1985. “She bought the mug in Kensington Market, apparently, and sent them to various people and I was one of them.   “It showed her personality and her wonderful sense of humour, and the fact that she loved dancing.” Princess Diana also showed another side to her sense of humour with Graham. He continued: “I’d met Diana quite a few times before when this happened. “It was after the Prince’s Trust concert at Wembley in 1988, there was a reception for everybody involved in the Hilton hotel in Kensington.  READ MORE: Princess Anne isn't afraid to 'snack' and eat old-fashioned dish “Every huge pop star at the time was there - Phil Collins, Peter Gabriel, Joe Cocker, Elton John, Rick Astley, the Bee Gees. “I arrived, and the event organiser Peter Smith came up to me and pulled me through the hotel, saying, ‘where have you been, she’s been waiting for you, she’s asking for you’. “I said ‘who’, and he replied with, ‘the Princess!’ He ushered me into a conference room,” the DJ said. Graham added: “He opened the door and there she was - waiting for me! Wow. “And she turned to me and said: ‘Graham, I want to tell you a joke.’