Transport for London (TfL) reports that there is no service from London Bridge to Green Park on the Jubilee line and that there are severe delays on the rest of the route while it responds to a security alert at Waterloo. The Waterloo and City line has also been suspended.    A spokeswoman for British Transport Police said that officers were called to Waterloo Underground station at 3.53pm today (June 15) after reports of a suspicious package. She said: "Specialist officers are in attendance and the station has been evacuated while they assess the item." Twitter user Topher Palmer commented on the social media platform: "Major police presence at Waterloo Underground station. Probably best to avoid." Fellow Twitter user Eben Leifer tweeted that an emergency alarm has been going off at the rail hub.   British Transport Police said in a further statement that the station was evacuated as a precaution while officers attended and assessed the suspicious item. Its spokeswoman said: "Thankfully, it was deemed to be non-suspicious and the station will shortly be re-opened." The Waterloo and City Line reported at 4.44pm that a Good Service has resumed.  READ MORE ABOUT POLICE SCRAMBLED TO A DEVON BEACH AFTER A BOAT LANDING    A fault with the signalling system between Vauxhall and London Waterloo is also causing delays of up to 30 minutes to train services running to and from London Waterloo. The disruption is expected to continue until 10pm, according to National Rail Enquiries. Travellers have been advised to check before travelling.  It comes as Britain's train operators started releasing information about what services they intend to run during next week's rail strikes.  DON'T MISS: Princess Anne ‘sees straight through’ Meghan Markle claims psychic [REVEALED] Veteran outraged as 'MOD not welcome here' sign appears in his town [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK [LATEST]   Rail workers are walking out on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Disruption is also expected on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday. Avanti West Coast is expected to operate a limited service of around a quarter of its normal timetable and only between 8am and 6pm. A number of routes will not be served, such as to North Wales, Stoke and Edinburgh. The operator has suspended ticket sales for travel between Tuesday and Sunday to "help reduce disruption and overcrowding".  East Midlands Railway will be reducing services between Tuesday and Sunday with just one train per hour running in each direction on most routes. Gatwick Express services will be "severely disrupted" between Tuesday and Saturday though timetables have not yet been published. Greater Anglia will not run any trains on its regional and branch lines on strike days with a "very limited service" operating on some routes to and from London Liverpool Street for part of the day. Heathrow Express will have in place a reduced frequency service with later first trains and earlier last trains.    Hull Trains will run services on strike days only between Doncaster and London King's Cross. People who want to use other lines have been advised to check before they travel. 