Britain and the EU have been in fruitless talks for months over the Northern Ireland Protocol. The UK voted to leave the EU by 52 percent to 48 percent in 2016 but Northern Ireland continues to follow Brussels' rules on product standards. Earlier this week Foreign Secretary Liz Truss published legislation to allow exports from Britain to Northern Ireland to follow either UK or EU standards and checks. Ms Truss presented the new laws on Monday, June 13, to allow the UK Government to tear up the Northern Ireland Protocol after 18 months of talks with the EU. She accused Brussels of being inflexible and causing “very severe issues” in Northern Ireland. She also insisted the legislation complies with international law. The Foreign Secretary said: “This bill will uphold the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement and support political stability in Northern Ireland. “It will end the untenable situation where people in Northern Ireland are treated differently to the rest of the United Kingdom, protect the supremacy of our courts and our territorial integrity. “This is a reasonable, practical solution to the problems facing Northern Ireland.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson said that “trivial” adjustments such as removing checks on imports and removing the European Courts of Justice would prevent the Protocol from causing “peril”. Over half of lawmakers in Northern Ireland’s National Assembly – 52 of 90 – wrote to Mr Johnson condemning the draft legislation. They said that they rejected “in the strongest possible terms” the Government's “reckless new protocol legislation”. Brexit has also impacted the UK economy with the Office for Budget Responsibility's figures showing that Brexit has reduced Britain’s GDP by about 1.5 percent and predicts a further 2.5 percent to come. In addition, leaving the EU has reduced UK trade by 15 percent, and despite other nations also dealing with the pandemic and war in Ukraine, the UK remains in a worse overall position. So what do YOU think? Has Brexit been a success? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.