The Moon will spend its last day in dreamy and emotional Pisces before heading into bold and fiery Aries in the early hours of tomorrow morning. Embrace the slightly calmer energy this transit brings but be mindful not to act too much on emotion. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 20. The Moon will enter Aries at around 4.39am BST, with the Last Quarter Moon due to occur shortly before this. The Sun in late Gemini will form a square to the Pisces Moon, pointing to a possible crisis of consciousness. Cafe Astrology said: “We’ve processed recent epiphanies, and we begin to see what works for us–and what doesn’t–in preparation for next week’s New Moon when something new is born again. “It’s not an ideal time to start a significant project, as the decreasing light of the Moon symbolises descent into unconsciousness.  READ MORE: ‘Absolute bedroom layout no-nos’ to ‘avoid’ - ‘essential’ item to add  “Instead, it’s time to handle details or tie up loose ends.” As the 12th and final sign of the zodiac, Pisces Moon energy will enable a more seamless transition to doing so. However, with these transits, emotions do tend to run higher. Even the simplest decisions can carry some form of emotional overtone. It’s important to acknowledge this if you’re feeling slightly touchier than normal, and try to engage a more pragmatic thought process before acting instead.  Astrology TV said: “There’s little point in trying to run or hide from emotions. “You have to just let your feelings wash over you, knowing that after a few days, this influence will pass. “You might not be able to swim against the emotional current, but you must at least tread water - if you don’t, you’ll sink.” A Venus-Pluto trine will form tomorrow morning, which might stir a need to share or “enjoy life on more profound levels” as the day advances.  DON'T MISS:Hand luggage: 'Space saver' packing method to 'avoid wrinkles' [EXPLAINED]Science breakthrough: Trove of black holes found in dwarf galaxies [INSIGHT]Stroke: The nutritional deficiency that could cause a stroke [ANALYSIS]    This influence will strengthen our ability to connect with others, as well as activities we enjoy. Focus might narrow to our advantage during this influence, and you might be more prone to making moves to better position yourself in the future. Cafe Astrology said: “We seek to grow, improve, or develop our attachments.” This will take place in perfect timing for the more direct and ambitious Aries Moon. Aries’ energetic and forthright energy will heighten reflexes and aid with making moves for progressive development. 