Planning permission is one of the most important legal requirements to make structural changes to your home, but the application process can take weeks, or even months to be finalised. Getting the go-ahead from local planners is crucial if you want to get the job done properly, though it isn’t actually always necessary for some of the most popular home improvements. Here are four options to consider if you’re looking for a fuss-free way to overhaul your property.  Remodelling your home can be an expensive venture, especially when it comes to extending the height or width of the existing house. While planning permission is generally required for the most drastic structural changes, there is actually a sizable list of improvements you may be able to undertake in England, under permitted development rights (PD). It is always best to check with your local planning authority, but these are just some of the renovations you should look into if you’re concerned about lengthy processing times, or the added cost of application fees. READ MORE: ‘Great budget-friendly’ way ‘guaranteed' to improve your living room Remodelling your home can be easily done without planning permission as long as you’re not making any changes to the actual ‘footprint’ of the building itself. Such changes include: According to the Planning Portal, planning permission may be required no matter what work is involved if your intention is to convert a garage into a separate house - regardless of who will occupy it. However, if you are simply planning on renovating the interior into a ‘liveable’ space such as a snug or entertainment area, it is covered under permitted development (PD) and requires no permission. Knocking through interior walls is generally allowed under permitted development rights, as long as you’re not extending the overall square footage of your property. While it may seem like a small change, remodelling your interior this way is one of the most impactful changes you can make to configure the layout of your home - especially if you’re looking for a more open plan living space. In most cases, planning permission is not required unless your home is recognised as a listed building. Building regulations guidance will need to be followed for some parts of the work, such as structural and electrical changes. DON'T MISS:Property: Best coastal towns and cities to relocate to in the UK [LATEST]Inside Prince Charles’ ‘wonderful’ Welsh home [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan slammed over £160k private flight [REVEAL] Loft conversions are the easiest way to gain extra rooms in terraced and semi-detached houses, and it can be done without planning permission in some cases. According to Robert Wood, managing director of Simply Construction Group, there are limitations to the size of a loft conversion on different types of buildings. If you don’t want to apply for planning permission, the maximum size the additional space can add to the property is: To comply with legal requirements, no part of the loft extension should be higher than the highest point of the existing roof.It should also be noted that that conversion can extend no further forwards than the roof plane at the front of your property. Updating the exterior of your home is easily achievable by adding new windows and doors, and it is the perfect way to increase the amount of natural light inside your property. To make this simple but effective change without planning permission, the main requirement is that the appearance of the new fittings is similar to those already used in the construction of the house. If your property is listed, you will need to seek out the appropriate permissions to make this change - though it won’t be easy. New windows facing the sides of your property must have obscured glass and should not be able to open, unless they’re more than 1.7m above the floor of the room. Adding new bay windows will be classed as an extension, so you will need to look into the appropriate permissions required to install these.