Britain’s bookies will mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee by donating all the profits from the Britannia Stakes race at Royal Ascot to some of the UK’s top charities. The popular racing festival, often frequented by the Queen herself, began on Tuesday 14 June, and will run until Saturday 18th. The highly-anticipated Britannia Stakes race will take place on Thursday, and Betting and Gaming Council members Flutter (Paddy Power, Betfair, Sky Bet), bet365, Entain (Ladbrokes, Coral), William Hill, BetVictor, Kindred (Unibet), Betway, Rank Group (Grosvenor Sport), Virgin Bet, Tote, Fitzdares and Bet with Ascot have all signed up to the fundraising initiative to donate their profits. ABF - The Soldiers’ Charity, Sue Ryder, Ascot Racecourse Supports Community Fund, The Ivors Academy Trust and Cotswold Riding for the Disabled will all benefit from the gesture. The bookies will hand over all profits they make from win and each-way bets, after levy and duties are deducted, on the big-field heritage handicap. Michael Dugher, Chief Executive of the BGC, said: “I am absolutely delighted that the BGC’s largest members are once again raising vital funds at the Royal meeting for some of the country’s top charities, especially in this the year of the Queen’s Jubilee.  “Her Majesty’s passion for racing is known across the globe. It’s a sport that has the power to bring people together and Royal Ascot is one of the great highlights of the calendar. "Millions of people enjoy a flutter and I’m proud that betting companies will donate their profits from one of Royal Ascot’s top races, the Britannia Stakes, to go towards some great charities. I am once again indebted to everyone at Royal Ascot for their continued support”. Alastair Warwick, Managing Director of Ascot Racecourse, added: “We are delighted that Royal Ascot will once again play a part in raising valuable funds for these deserving charities. I know this fantastic initiative from the betting industry is hugely appreciated and the money will be used for some extremely worthwhile causes.” And Brigadier Peter Walker OBE, Chairman of ABF The Soldiers’ Charity for Berkshire, said: “ABF The Soldiers’ Charity would like to thank the members of the Betting and Gaming Council for their support last year and very kindly agreeing to make a donation again during Royal Ascot. “We are the Army’s national charity and stand at the forefront of support for the Army family, last year supporting 60,000 people in 63 countries around the world. Our charity believes that all serving soldiers, veterans and their immediate families should have the opportunity to avoid hardship and enjoy independence and dignity.”