Boris Johnson is expected today to make new health and housing policy announcements following Sue Gray's report and a vote of confidence now confirmed for tonight. In light of the updates, Head of Research of Bright Blue think tank Anvar Sarygulov claimed Conservatives should focus more on “forward-looking policy” rather than “backwards-looking”. “Tories keep being reactive rather than proactive,” he said after stressing the necessity for “more ambition and forward-thinking” in the Conservative Party. Mr Sarygulov said: “I think what we’ve been seeing for the last couple of months now is a government which has been very much focused on kind of quite backward-looking policy rather than kind of forward-looking. “So I think the policy focus is good, but I would really like to see more forward-looking policy. “Thinking around how the Conservatives can really connect to voters of working age.” GB News presenter Isabel Webster pointed out: “That’s what the NHS announcements will be today presumably and also in terms of right to buy announcements. “Both of them will be hugely popular with the electorate." He responded: “Yes, certainly. “I think there’s concern around NHS waiting lists and people who are currently trying to access GPs and services in hospitals are struggling with that. “But I think there needs to be more ambition and forward thinking on policy. READ MORE: SHAME on them: EU chiefs IGNORE Queen's Platinum Jubilee in snub “Tories keep being reactive rather than proactive.” Referring to a clip showing the Prime Minister being booed at Thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral in tribute to the Queen’s 70-year reign, he commented: “I think it’s quite clear from [Wakefield] polling and the clip that there’s significant difficulties. “But I think part of this is around policy delivery and failure to be quite proactive in policies”. Referring to the policy announcements concerning the NHS, PM Boris Johnson said: “The pandemic put unparalleled pressure on the NHS, but we are making excellent progress towards our goal of tackling the COVID backlogs. DON'T MISS: Take THAT Sturgeon: Huge crowds wave Union flags in Scotland for Queen [WATCH]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [LISTEN]POLL: Should EU be ashamed for ignoring Queen's Jubilee? [INSIGHT] “This week we will update on how we are driving down waiting lists and delivering more scans, checks, and tests than ever before as we support the NHS in its biggest ever catch-up programme”. Chairman of the backbench 1922 committee Sir Graham Brady said he has received threshold of 54 letters needed for a no-confidence vote in the Prime Minister. Under the party rules, a confidence vote is called only if 54 Conservative MPs submit a no confidence letter in the Prime Minister. The vote will be held tonight between 6pm and 8pm, announced Mr Graham. He wrote: “The threshold of 15 percent of the parliamentary party seeking a vote of confidence in the leader of the Conservative Party has been exceeded. “In accordance with the rules, a ballot will be held between 18:00 and 20:00 today Monday 6th June. “The votes will be counted immediately afterwards. An announcement will be made at a time to be advised”.