Hailed as a love letter to the Eighties and the golden age of Stephen King and Steven Spielberg, Stranger Things tells the fantastical tale of an ordinary town in Middle America where the extraordinary happens. Season one followed the disappearance of schoolboy Will Byers (played by Noah Schnapp) with his friends investigating and suspicion turning to the shadowy Hawkins Laboratory. Since its debut on Netflix, the story of Stranger Things has continued to expand and build upon its Cold War, period backdrop. The show is set in the Eighties with the show immersing viewers in pop culture and fashion from the decade. Additionally, Stranger Things’ soundtrack evokes the era from synth waves to pop ballads, with Kate Bush’s 1985 hit Running Up That Hill (A Deal With God) enjoying a recent resurgence in popularity thanks to featuring in the show. Stranger Things is very much a period piece but at the same has supernatural elements woven into the story, paying tribute to the likes of Firestarter, E.T., The Goonies, Stand By Me, among many other films and TV shows. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? Although the story created by Matt and Ross Duffer - The Duffer Brothers - is fictional, the show has roots in reality in various aspects. For instance, the Hawkins Laboratory is carrying out MK-Ultra experiments on behalf of the American government in order to develop weapons against the USSR as part of the Cold War effort. MK-Ultra was a real operation which saw the CIA sponsoring a multitude of institutes across the USA to carry out various experiments on its behalf in the hope of unlocking the human mind. Many of these experiments would see people given substances, particularly LSD to make them susceptible to suggestion and mind manipulation. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? Much of the documents relating to MK-Ultra were destroyed, but what people do know offered a chilling insight into the lengths a government would go to for military, and tactical advantage over its opponent. The MK-Ultra tests contravened the Nuremberg Code, a set of ethical research principles relating to human experimentation, consent, inhumane and fatal experimentation. The Code was established after the atrocities committed by the Nazis during World War Two, however, participants of MK-Ultra often didn’t know what they had really signed up to. The project even saw ordinary people having their drinks laced with LSD and then subjected to covert surveillance to monitor their reactions. After the truth about MK-Ultra came out, a congressional hearing was held to ensure a project of this kind could never happen again. In the show, Eleven’s (Millie Bobby Brown) mother Terry Ives (Aimee Mullins) was given LSD while she was pregnant by Dr Martin Brenner (Matthew Modine), which helped her to develop abilities. Both Terry and Eleven used sensory deprivation tanks to help them harness their powers, something which did happen in real life as part of MK-Ultra. The point where fact and fiction diverge is in reality MK-Ultra was junk science, whereas in Stranger Things these experiments found people could develop powers of telekinesis and remote listening. DON'T MISS...Does Kate Bush like Stranger Things? [INSIGHT]Stranger Things author drops hint at prequel spin-off [EXCLUSIVE]Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [ANLYSIS] The sinister lab in Stranger Things is also said to be grounded in reality with Dustin Henderson star Gaten Matarazzo telling Wired in 2017: “It is based on a place in Montauk, New York called Camp Hero.” Although Dr Brenner isn’t based on one scientist, he is representative of the types of medical professionals working on MK-Ultra. Dr Brenner is willing to experiment on children and even pregnant people, believing he is doing his duty to his country and conducting groundbreaking research. In season four, Jim Hopper (David Harbour) speaks about his time during the Vietnam War and a herbicide called Agent Orange as part of the very real Operation Ranch Hand. American soldiers handled and dumped huge amounts of highly dangerous chemical substances including Agent Orange on Vietnam during the war resulting in catastrophic human cost. Just as Hopper describes, both Vietnam veterans and the Vietnamese people were left facing the effects, which caused serious birth defects and led to cancer among those exposed. There was also huge environmental devastation caused by the acres of forest and rivers doused with Agent Orange and other substances. Eddie Munson (Joseph Quinn) was introduced in Stranger Things season four as the captain of the Hellfire Club but soon became the town pariah after he was accused of being involved with satanic rituals amid the death of Chrissy Cunningham (Grace Van Dien). The character is loosely based on a true-crime documentary series Paradise Lost, which concerns the West Memphis Three - a group of teenagers in the Nineties who were wrongfully convicted of murder. Following much campaigning and new evidence, the trio had their convictions vacated in 2011. The Netflix Geeked Twitter account said: “STRANGER THINGS 4's Hellfire Club storyline -- and especially the character Eddie Munson -- were inspired by the documentary series PARADISE LOST. “Eddie is loosely modeled [sic] after writer and artist Damien Echols, who was a member of the West Memphis Three.” Echols - like Eddie - was into metal music and had long hair. He ended up being targeted in a witch hunt by the local for not fitting during the Satanic Panic of the Eighties and the Nineties, particularly in the Bible Belt states of America. The Satanic Panic was mass hysteria and conspiracy theories, suggesting there were satanic cults murdering and abusing people. Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1