Manchester United finally appear to be heeding Gary Neville's advice following the announcement that the club have appointed Andy O'Boyle as their Deputy Football Director. The Northern Irishman, who previously worked as Jurgen Klopp's fitness coach at Liverpool, has left his role as the Head of Elite Performance at the Premier League to become the latest change in a much-needed restructure at United - one Neville called for three years ago.  O'Boyle arrives as support for current Football Director John Murtough in a move which United claim will "further strengthen the leadership across the club's football department". The former Liverpool aide returns to United 16 years after he left the club's academy, where he worked alongside the likes of Marcus Rashford. The appointment is United's latest move in a seismic restructure which has taken place over the past few months, made in the hope that the 20-time English champions can rediscover a successful operating formula both on and off the pitch. For ex-United defender Neville, the move has been a long time in the making. Back in May 2019, under the stewardship of former executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward, United were reportedly considering the likes of Rio Ferdinand, Darren Fletcher, Paul Scholes and Patrice Evra for the role of Sporting Director as the club as they sought to fix their failing recruitment strategy. It's fair to say Neville was unimpressed by the line United's board were taking. READ MORE: Transfer News LIVE: Man Utd 'close to agreement', Liverpool blow, Raphinha latest  "How can it be that four players that have never been businessmen, never been sporting directors, are put forward for this difficult role at the biggest club in the world? It’s a shambles," Neville told Monday Night Football. He then called for the club to be "cleansed", before insisting a new football department made up of external figures who are "the best in class" should be instated in order to help get United back on track. Neville added: "They need someone to run the football side of the club. "I think they should shift the people who are in charge of the club at this moment in time back into the business side of the club, back down to London. I think they should put a new football department in charge who are the best in class – not have played at the club, football operators, and underneath that then put the technical people, then the manager will find it a lot easier." DON'T MISSArsenal could repeat Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil signings for next season [COMMENT]Arsenal signing Serge Gnabry could be bad news for four players after transfer boost [TRANSFERS]Man Utd look set to sign another Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Nani [OPINION]  Since then, United have appointed both Murtough and Fletcher in their respective roles, but the addition of O'Boyle could well provide another piece of the puzzle as the Red Devils continue to search for the path back towards success. While O'Boyle does in fact have previous United ties, Neville appears to have been granted his wish as Murtough's new deputy is an outsider coming in. His experience with both Liverpool under Klopp - the club United should be looking to as a blueprint for future success - and at the Premier League are also likely to stand him in good stead. After years of struggles following Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement back in 2013, United finally appear to be taking a proactive approach to rediscovering a recipe for success. As called for by Neville three years ago, change was very much needed. Now, under Woodward's successor Richard Arnold, it appears the club are finally heeding their former full-back's advice and are taking steps in the right direction.  