Summer is one of the best times of year to renovate and improve a bathroom. Although it’s a stressful task that can leave some homeowners shower-less for a number of days, it can increase a property’s value by as much as four percent. For those looking to renovate their bathrooms, it may be worth adding in a popular interior trend to make their bathrooms more appealing to prospective buyers. But what are the most popular upcoming bathroom trends? Interior experts at Showerstoyou.co.uk have shared a list of the most popular bathroom accessories and interior trends and inputted each trend into Pinterest. The experts found have revealed the total number of pins for each trend, unveiling the current most in-demand bathroom interior and accessory trends. The biggest bathroom trend at the moment with an impressive 191,178 pins on Pinterest is a bathroom fireplace. READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors Common in bathrooms in the 19th century, bathroom fireplaces are making a major comeback. Interior designer Monya Boyle said bathroom fireplaces are an “unlikely trend” that’s “taking off this season”. The interior expert said estate agents have also said bathrooms are a “top-ranking feature” among homebuyers. “Bathroom fireplaces have become the unlikely trend taking off this season, because homeowners are looking to create larger bathroom spaces that increase our sense of well-being and allow us to indulge in self-care rituals. DON'T MISS‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [INSIGHT]Lawn: Common causes of ‘patchy’ grass and how to revive it [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘neat trick’ for planting strawberries now [ANALYSIS] “Estate agents have also confirmed that fireplaces are one of the top-ranking features that homebuyers search for when hunting for a new property, so a fireplace can be an especially attractive asset in the bathroom. “Fireplaces are more of a luxury, romantic feature, than an energy-efficient item, but we still love them! “Over the recent months, we are embracing having fireplaces in bathrooms as we love to save original features where possible. “Having a fireplace in the bathroom creates a beautiful focal point and gives real character to the bathroom." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Patterned tiles came in second place, with 87,942 pins. Homeowners could opt for Victorian-style patterns, floor tiles or modern, abstract wall tiles. Patterned tiles are a great way to add colour and interest into a dull bathroom. Plain-patterned tiles with minimal accents of colour can make a space look bigger.  In third place are bathroom TVs with 59,073 pins on Pinterest. The luxury trend is becoming popular among homeowners and is a great way to modernise a home. These can be built into walls or added in above the bath. Bathroom plants and freestanding bath tubs came in fourth and fifth place on the list.