Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Mistakes and muddles can be resolved. Those little problems you encounter could turn out to be a blessing in disguise. So don't ever feel as if you're defeated before you start. Don't let others plant seeds of doubt in your mind. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Think twice before you speak to friends and partners alike. A situation or someone's actions could be misinterpreted. Be prepared to pause a little while to fully take in the circumstances around you. What appears to be an act of secrecy or disloyalty could be something very different. Gemini (May22/June21) The pace of life will be hectic and that's why you need to have firm goals in mind from the start. As busy as your days might seem, they will be less productive if you don't decide on exactly where you are going and what path to take to get there. Cancer (June22/July23) Your hopes to improve or enhance your work or family environment can be achieved with a little effort. Attempts to get on better with family, friends and workmates will be equally as successful. You are more able now to accept good natured teasing. READ MORE: Meghan should have engagement ring matching 'creative personality' Leo (July24/Aug23) You have more time for the relationships in your life that matter. People will feel you are being more sensitive and understanding. You haven't changed. What's changed is that you are planning your life so there is more balance between work and personal commitments. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) The positive attitude you take towards your work and main aims will impress those in high places. On occasions when others seem to be getting nowhere, your instincts will guide you to finding all the right answers.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Share your thoughts with those you trust as this could make all the difference between success and failure of some of your plans. You may need a little extra patience with a housemate who seems to take forever to put their ideas into words. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) There's a strong social feel to your days so there's unlikely to be a shortage of people to share your time with. Even so, try not to let a need for company distract you from important matters that need attention. You might get the feeling your own experiences could help a friend. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Your leadership qualities shine and you know how to get others moving. You can sometimes be impulsive but experience has taught you that occasionally it is wise not to rush in where Angels would fear to tread. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You sense a competitive energy in the air even when people are at their charming best. A group project will inspire your imagination. Someone will tell you that they aren't in it to win or gain anything but don't let this fool you. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Avoid sounding too strong about your own opinions if you are in a position to advise others in a financial or business matter. In decisions that may have an effect on your own or someone else's future security, be willing to listen as well as to talk. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) In any kind of partnership, whether business or personal, it's no good believing that other people know what you are thinking. A little straight talking will bring you closer together. State exactly what you want, expect or hope for without any fuss or drama.