The group of activists known as Tyre Extinguishers had earlier announced their plans to target SUV drivers across the country in a drastic bid to cut emissions. According to the co-ordinators of Tyre Extinguishers, at least 3,000 cars have had their tyres deflated in the UK, but the true number is likely to be much higher because many are not reported.  Baron Browne of Madingley, former chief executive of BP, found his tyres had been let down last month and a flyer wedged under the windscreen wipers, reported The Times. He found the message hard to take: “Attention — your gas guzzler kills. “We have deflated one or more of your tyres. You’ll be angry, but don’t take it personally. “It’s not you, it’s your car. Psychological studies show SUV drivers are more likely to take risks on the roads. SUVs are unnecessary, and pure vanity.”   The car, a Mercedes, was a modestly sized electric SUV. Browne told The Times: “We were appalled, because our car is electric. “And what if we had needed to use it for an emergency — to go to hospital or something? It is right to tackle climate change, but this is the wrong way to go about it.” Tyre Extinguishers say SUVs are a “disaster” for our climate and the second-largest cause of the global rise in carbon dioxide emissions in the past decade. READ MORE: Woman claims Union Jack leaves her feeling 'very unsafe'  This broad category accounts for more than 40 percent of Britain’s car sales, even though very few of the people who drive them do so off road. The Tyre Extinguishers started their campaign in March, targeting SUVs in some of London’s wealthiest postcodes to protest against emissions from the vehicles, which produce 25 percent more CO2 on average than a medium-sized car. SUVs were the second largest contributor to the increase in global carbon emissions from 2010 to 2018. Each year SUVs emit 700 megatonnes of CO2 worldwide, about the entire output of the UK and the Netherlands combined. DON'T MISS:Queen’s grandson Peter Phillips makes debut with new girlfriendPrince William vows to ‘restore planet’ in emotional speech Ukraine boasts victory in Luhansk Oblast