BBC Breakfast viewers fumed at the broadcaster on Monday morning over the "excessive" coverage of Glastonbury festival over the weekend and the upcoming Wimbledon tournament. Presenters Jon Kay and Sally Nugent were thrilled with the festival line-up whilst looking forward to the legendary tennis tournament kicking off. Breakfast's John Watson was presenting from Wimbledon, as he exclaimed: "It's back, as we all prepare to go tennis crazy over the next fortnight. "It is back, as is the spectators, this place is going to be at full capacity over the next fortnight, around half a million fans are going to be packing in here. "It has been very different over the last couple of years as a result of Covid, we are going to be seeing Andy Murray and Emma Raducanu back in action here on the opening day." He then handed over to Carol Kirkwood, who presented the weather forecast for the coming days as the tournament kicks off. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find Back in the BBC studio, Jon commented: "Whilst we are looking ahead at that, we are also looking back at another wonderful British weekend. "We have been talking this morning about all that amazing coverage, all those images and sounds that we will always remember." Sally added: "It was fantastic, wasn't it? The mother of all music festivals was back for the first time in three years; it is fair to say it was worth the wait, wasn't it?" "It was!" Jon exclaimed before handing over to their entertainment correspondent Colin Patterson who looked back at the three days of the festival. As the clip ended, Sally commented: "Hopefully, the music fans leaving Glastonbury will take their tents with them." The pair then spoke to fashion student Grace Reeves who upcycles the leftover tents and items she finds at the end of festivals. However, viewers were left fuming at the excessive coverage and took to their Twitter accounts to express their annoyance. @WASPCommander commented: "Seems to be a shortage of actual news this morning. Glastonbury clips compilation, chatting at length to a woman fashion designer, chatting to people in a queue." DON'T MISS...Paul McCartney 'took' George Harrison's solo on Beatles' Revolver hit [INSIGHT]Diana Ross, 78, looks amazing in show-stopping feather headpiece [LATEST]Piers Morgan fiercely defends Paul McCartney over Glastonbury backlash [MORE] @PollyPickles8 asked: "Didn't even realise Glastonbury was still a thing. Anyone know why BBC are giving it such huge airtime?" @Mary_Mays88 fumed: "Are they lacking news this morning? Glasto and Wimbledon is now their top stories.... my goodness. Time to turn over, I think." @Laurie_Lingo expressed: "Wimbledon. Oh great. All BBC TV schedules trashed so some people can watch rich people hit a ball at each other for two weeks. #Wimbledon #BBCBreakfast #BBCNews" @QueenieBeanie added: "Of all the big issues going on in the world at the moment, the BBC decided to give stupid amount of airtime to Glasto festival and Wimbledon? It's overdone, 2ho cares!" @Freddie_McToff_ tweeted: "When are we going to see some real news? Glasto is a bunch of people in a field. Literally no one cares." (sic) Throughout the morning, the coverage continued as they handed back and forth to John, who was discussing the upcoming games at Centre Court. Glastonbury 2022 featured a line-up of over 3,000 performances across dozens of stages which included legends such as Diana Ross, Paul McCartney, Noel Gallagher and Kendrick Lamar. BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One.