When cells in the body start to proliferate they can start to clump together, forming tumours. The eventual of this, in some cases, is cancer. Researchers have been pushing for wider recognition of symptoms relating to taste and smell, to help facilitate diagnosis. One area that remains poorly understood, is whether food cravings could be linked to the disease. In early 2011 the Daily Mail reported on the case of a 59-year-old who developed an unusual craving for lettuce. The mother-of-three later noticed a small dimple on her breast, which was eventually diagnosed as cancer. Soon after undergoing treatment for the disease, her food addiction reportedly ceased. A key sign of food addiction is a loss of control over eating behaviours, particularly when it comes to palatable foods. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The 'feeling' that strikes first thing in the morning - it's a red flag This is a common affliction among cancer patients undergoing treatment, but evidence linking food addictions with cancer remains scarce, according to experts. Monika Wassermann, medical director at Oliolusso, claims that there is unsubstantial evidence supporting the possibility of food cravings as a sign of cancer. She commented: “There are no studies supporting the theory that food cravings signify cancer. “Most studies confirm the mechanism behind the chemotherapy cravings which are increased urge for sugars and carbohydrates. “Patients tend to crave for high sugar and carb food such as sweets, potatoes, pasta, soups and noodles. “More research is needed to prove the link between certain food cravings and cancer.” There are claims that the sugar cravings prompted by treatment are orchestrated by dying cancer cells. Because cells grow quickly and multiply at rapid rates, they use up a lot of energy, which requires glucose. “Cancer cells also need lots of other nutrients too; such as amino acids and fats; it’s not just sugar they crave,” adds cancer research UK. WebMD, however, explains that while all the cells in the body use sugar for energy, cancer cells use roughly 200 times more. Hussain Abdeh, Superintendent Pharmacist at Medicine Net, explained: “Glucose fuels all of our cells, and when we eat or drink foods that are high in glucose, it is absorbed into the bloodstream for our cells to use.” This, however, does not translate to cravings for sugar, according to the Pharmacist. He added: “There is no evidence to show that craving sugar is a symptom of cancer. The alleged relationship between cancer and sugar is a long and complicated one.” Equally, the notion that sugar should be avoided to prevent cancer growth is unfounded, explained Mr Abdeh. “Studies have shown that avoiding sugary food is not going to reduce the risk of cancer," he noted/ “The myth that sugar fuels cancer comes from the notion that cutting sugar out of our diet deprives the cancer cells of the glucose they need to grow.”