Matt Lucas has addressed his historic fallout with his close friend and Little Britain so-star, David Williams. It comes as the star appears on BBC's Who Do You Think You Are? tonight. The duo became friends while studying at the National Youth Theatre in the 90s and doon became fast friends. They finally hit the small screen together with their programme Little Britain running from 2003 to 2009. Amongst the characters on the show, David and Matt's portrayal as Lou Todd and Andy Pipkin was just one of many sketches on the programme. They also went on to write Come Fly With Me which ran for a year from 2010. READ MORE: Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle However, following the end of the series, the comedians reportedly stopped working with one another for some time after falling out. In his 2017 autobiography Little Me, Matt claimed that he and David were "often at loggerheads". He recalled one incident backstage in which he claimed he and David were "suddenly hurling obscenities at each other". The star claimed that the argument was about David's facial hair. But after making up, the duo's friendship reportedly once again became strained while touring in 2007. Matt went on to make a dig at David's status as a best-selling children's author in his book. He penned: "Walliams has now sold so many children's books he can probably buy his own private jet, all decked out in pink, with a river inside it for him to swim up." And in his own autobiography, Camp David, which came out ten years ago, David also addressed the ups and downs of their friendship. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway puts on brave face after heartbreaking Derek update [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly admits fooling Weight Watchers members [ANALYSIS]Martin Lewis' wife Lara covers scars with 'heavy make-up' after injury [INSIGHT] He wrote: "We’re very different people and probably want different things and had different working methods." Addressing the partnership, he added at the time: "Well, it’s over for the time being. Whether it’s over forever I don’t know." But in 2020, the comedy duo started working together again, reuniting for a one-off Little Britain special called Little Brexit. A source told The Sun: "They’ve made up, which is amazing and what’s even better is that they are in serious discussions to work together next year.  “Both realise they missed one another a lot and realise how much joy they can bring themselves and the general public by making a comeback.” Matt also revealed they now speak to each other every day. “Often it’ll be silly pictures or videos we’ve found online, that sort of thing, and we just make each other laugh all the time," he said. Who Do You Think You Are? airs tonight at 9pm on BBC One.