Ms Malone discussed the pensioners aged over 75 receiving less pension money than those aged under 75 with journalist Henry Bonsu. The Government are set to raise the state pension to 10 percent in line with inflation, confirming the return of the triple lock guarantee. Ms Malone explained why she would continue to defend OAPs aged 85 and over, and claimed they had no other way to earn money in order to boost their funds. Britons who are reaching the age of retirement are being urged to check exactly just how much they're entitled to.  Mr Vine said: "Understabably why you're batting for the 85-year-old and not the 18-year-old single mum." Ms Malone told Jeremy Vine on 5: "You know why because 85-year-old has no other way of..." Mr Vine added: "And that's true Henry, doesn't have a job prospect." Mr Bonsu said: "But for those 85-year-olds who are living on pension credit or just the basic pension, of course, they should be protected.  JUST IN: 'It's disgusting!' Londoners shame RMT strikers for 'screwing over' commuters     "Of course, if they have paid into the system all of their lives, of course, but I'm talking about the 85-year-old who is on a cruise listening to Henry Bonsu..." Ms Malone said: "But you know that over 75s get less than under 75s." Mr Vine added: "I've heard this, I've heard this, and goodness knows when me and Henry will be able to retire because the age keeps going up."  As inflation in the UK economy is set to rise, many pensioners are worried about how negatively it will affect them. READ MORE: Monkeypox outbreak onboard BA flight as crew forced to isolate after one tests positive    Pensioners are believed to be some of the worst affected people in the UK by the cost of living crisis. Many have struggled to stay warm, heat their homes and afford normal necessities, so the Government has tried to introduce energy caps and schemes to help the most vulnerable. But many people living in the UK claim the Government is not going enough to help. The Government have introduced an extra payment of £278 every week for pensioners who meet certain criteria. DON’T MISS: Russia's 'outdated weapons' no match for Ukraine as 55% of forces WIPED OUT in DonbasLabour frontbenchers could be disciplined over picketing as several MPs snub Starmer's banBrexit Britain heaps pressure on EU as Boris claims Ukraine cannot accept 's****y peace' Age UK director Caroline Abrahams said: “There are so many good reasons to put in a claim for Pension Credit. “Many older people are reliant on the state pension as their main source of income and just don’t have the flex in their finances to cope with the escalating cost of living. “Putting in a successful claim could not only give a significant boost to your weekly income, it also opens the door to a wealth of extra support including help with energy bills. “We know that around three-quarters of a million pensioners are missing out on this important benefit at the moment, so we are urging anyone who is experiencing any financial issues whatsoever to put in a claim without delay.  “The sooner people act, the sooner they will find out if they are eligible for some of the additional financial help that is now available which could have a life-changing impact on their finances over the coming months.” READ NEXT