The Royal Family Twitter account, which represents the Queen and working royals who don't have their own social media handles, shared a touching tribute dedicated to Prince William, who is turning 40 today. The birthday message read: "Happy Birthday to The Duke of Cambridge!" The tweet also includes a picture showing the Duke of Cambridge smiling widely during an engagement. While it is common for the Queen's social media account to share a message to mark the birthdays of working royals, the Duke was paid a special tribute, as the Twitter account marked several key moments in his life by sharing pictures showing how close William is to his grandmother. The first tweet, highlighting the prominence of William in the Firm, also read: "As the second in line to the throne turns 40, learn more about His Royal Highness". The thread started with a snap taken during the Duke's first public appearance on the steps of St Mary’s Hospital, hours after his birth, in the arms of his doting mother Princess Diana. A second photograph included to signify the birth of William shows the Buckingham Palace announcement published on the day. Another key moment in William's life celebrated by the Royal Family Twitter account is his graduation from St Andrews' University. In 2005, the Duke earned an MA in Geography from the university where he met his future wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. As noted by the royal account, his graduation ceremony was attended by Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Philip and the Queen. READ MORE: Prince William could be set for huge promotion In the following year, the Duke completed the 44-week training course at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. On Twitter, the Queen's account commemorated this moment by sharing an adorable photograph showing Her Majesty inspecting the Guard of Honour at Sandhurst while Prince William can barely manage not to smile at his grandmother. Another key moment in the life of the Duke marked by the royal account is the beginning of his training as a Search and Rescue RAF pilot. The snap chosen for this tweet sees the Queen and Prince Philip visiting William at Anglesey in 2010, as he shows them around the RAF Valley. Another milestone in William's life marked in the Twitter thread was his two years of service as an air ambulance pilot at East Anglian Air Ambulance. The Duke worked as a pilot in Norfolk between 2015 and 2017, and stepped down from this role just weeks before Prince Philip retired from public duties. William has since taken on royal duties on a full-time basis. The Queen's tribute to William also includes two mentions of his family life. First, it shows a picture of Kate and William leaving Westminster Abbey after their wedding ceremony in April 2011. The last picture included in the Twitter thread was first released by Kensington Palace on Saturday night, ahead of Father's Day. Taken last October during the Cambridges' holidays in Jordan, it shows Prince William surrounded by his three smiling children. This public birthday celebration followed a tweet shared by Prince Charles and Camilla's Twitter account. The message read: "Wishing The Duke of Cambridge a very happy 40th birthday!" The tweet also included four poignant pictures marking various moments in the Prince of Wales and Duke's life - from William's birth to recent times. To mark his own birthday, the Duke's office shared a picture taken earlier this month while William joined Dave Martin, a Big Issue magazine vendor, to sell copies of the magazine, a sign the royal is renewing his pledge to fight homelessness.