The palace insider has responded to reports that between 2011and 2015 Prince Charles accepted up to €3million (£2.5million) in cash stuffed in bags from a Qatari Sheikh for his charity. The aide said it would "not happen again".   Speaking to The Sunday Times, the aide said: "As we said over the weekend, it was passed immediately to his charities, and it was his charities who decided to accept the money. "That is a decision for them, and they did so and as they confirmed it followed all of the right processes, the auditors looked at it."  The aide added: "The Prince of Wales operates on advice. Situations, contexts change over the years. "For more than half a decade, with the situation as it has evolved, this has not happened - and it would not happen again. That was then, this is now, and they are not the same."  The money, which totalled €3million, was handed to the Prince directly on three separate occasions by Qatar's former prime minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani. On one occasion, it is said he presented the Prince with €1million in cash stuffed in carrier bags from the luxury food store Fortnum & Mason, which has a royal charter to provide the Royal Family with groceries. Clarence House has insisted that all the of the correct procedures were followed and that the cash payments were deposited into the Prince of Wale's Charitable Fund, which bankrolls the Prince's private projects and his Scotland estate. The aide stressed that no investigation had been opened by the Charity Commission, however, the charity watchdog said it was looking into the matter. READ MORE: Furious French vow to COUNTER EU ally’s army plot  It said: "We will review the information to determine whether there is any role for the Commission in this matter." Charities can legally accept payments in cash, there is nothing suggesting these payments were illegal. Earlier this year, the Metropolitan Police launched an investigation into the so-called cash for honours scandal after allegations of offers of help to give a Saudi citizen honours and British citizenship linked to the Prince of Wales' charity. DON'T MISS:NATO LIVE: Biden drops his Iron Curtain around Europe [LIVE]America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition [REPORT]Covid hospitalisations in England rise by a THIRD in a week [ANALYSIS]  Clarence House claimed the prince had "no knowledge" of the alleged offers. It said: "The Prince of Wales had no knowledge of the alleged offer of honours or British citizenship on the basis of donation to his charities." Prince Charles is the president of the charity, but does not oversee day-to-day activities. No arrests or interviews under caution have been made in that case.