Manchester United outcast Donny van de Beek has reportedly offered himself to Roma despite the fact that his former Ajax boss is now in charge of the club. The Dutchman was barely used under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, and it was assumed that Ten Hag would bring him back into contention. Van de Beek is reportedly keen on a move to Roma to play under Jose Mourinho, in the ultimate snub to Ten Hag. The new United boss was in charge at Ajax when the Dutch giants experienced a golden generation, and Van de Beek was one of the stars sold as United beat Real Madrid to his signature. But his move has flopped and he's wasted away on the bench until he joined Everton on loan in January. It looked as though Van de Beek's career was set to be saved by Ten Hag, as the Dutchman has now joined his former star at Old Trafford. But according to Corriere della Sera, the midfielder is ready to quit the club and move to Roma. Van de Beek was exceptional for Ajax when they stunned Europe and reached the Champions League semi-final back in 2019, with Ten Hag in charge. But the former Ajax boss saw his side get ripped apart in the transfer market, which included Van de Beek leaving for United in 2020. JUST IN: Man City's Guardiola could have influence in Man Utd's De Jong pursuit  In a talented midfield, Ten Hag started both Van de Beek and Frenkie de Jong, who left Ajax for Barcelona. But United remain extremely interested in signing De Jong this summer, as Ten Hag has toyed with the idea of reuniting the pair at Old Trafford. But his plans may have been foiled as the report claims that Van de Beek is ready to move on, and it appears that his frustrations at the club have led him to wanting a fresh start despite Ten Hag's arrival. Van de Beek was denied a move last summer, and seemed to enjoy his stint at Everton, with Roma also interested last season. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'interested' in surprise Brighton transferMan Utd target Nunez 'only wants Liverpool' but must make compromiseLiverpool warned not to pay over £50m for Nunez due to 'big step up  Mourinho won the Conference League with Roma, and 'the special one' is hoping to make his side challenge for Serie A once again. And the news may excite the Roma boss, with the club already looking for a new midfielder this summer. But Ten Hag has been keen to give Van de Beek the chance that he deserves, and the Dutchman now must do all that he can to change his mind. As not only could it hand him a setback before he has even begun, it could deter De Jong from joining too. Ten Hag has already seemed excited at the prospect of working with Van de Beek once again, as he said: "We had a fantastic squad in that time at Ajax. I really had a good relationship with him. Of course I am looking forward to meeting him again on the pitch."  And although Barcelona rate De Jong, due to their financial issues Xavi has already revealed that it could benefit the club to part ways with the Dutchman. Xavi said: For me, Frenkie is a great player, he’s a beast – I like him and I think he can be part of an important era of the club. We will see the economic situation of the club… but I like De Jong." Ten Hag will be hoping that he can convince his former star to stay, while doing his best to persuade De Jong to join him. De Jong is reportedly happy in Barcelona, but with the club continuing to struggle financially, he may have no choice. 