Stephen Fry was among the famous faces honouring Queen Elizabeth II at the BBC’S Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday night as part of the all-star lineup honouring 70 years of the Queen’s reign. Buckingham Palace provided the backdrop for a special pop concert which saw a night of performances to celebrate Her Majesty’s historic reign and dedicated service. Mr Fry, 64, a long-time supporter of the monarchy, did not make his musical debut, but the broadcaster and author did pay tribute to the 96-year-old Queen. Ahead of the celebrations, Mr Fry appeared on the Jordan B Peterson podcast where they touched upon the role of the monarchy. He said many of the happiest countries in the world "happen to be constitutional monarchies,” revealing his own beliefs about the Royal Family, he said they can play a key role in society. While Mr Fry is clearly a fan of the royals, his encounters with members of the family might not have always been quite so pleasant. According to Patrick Kidd, who writes The Times’ Diary column, Mr Fry recently recalled a painful moment he had with Princess Margaret, in an anecdote that could be read with the former QI host's typical tongue-in-cheek humour. Writing for the publication, Mr Kidd said: “Stephen Fry, speaking on Sunday at the Radio Times Television Festival, recalled a painful encounter he once had with a royal. “At a party attended by Princess Margaret, he casually mentioned his ancestor John Fry, a parliamentarian who signed Charles I’s death warrant. “Hearing this, Margaret stabbed the actor’s leg with a fork. “As Fry yelped, the princess said: ‘There, we’ve got some of our own back’.” King Charles I ascended the throne in 1625 following the death of his father, King James I. His reign was shrouded with controversy, beginning with his marriage to Henrietta Maria, a Catholic French princess, and culminating in his bitter struggle with Parliamentarians. It was this conflict that led to the bloodiest war ever fought on English soil — the First English Civil War was fought between 1642 and 1645. The Parliamentarians who eventually brought him down were led by Oliver Cromwell, whose forces were victorious against the king’s Royalists. Charles was imprisoned by Cromwell in 1646, but fighting dragged on until 1649, as the king refused to admit defeat or submit to the republican authority. In 1648, Charles appeared before a high court controlled by his enemies, where he was convicted of treason and sentenced to death. He was executed outside the Banqueting House in Whitehall on January 30, 1649. Subsequently, the monarchy was abolished and Cromwell assumed control. In 1658, Cromwell died and was succeeded by his eldest son, Richard, who renounced power nine months later. Two years later, the monarchy was restored with the crowning of Charles II, the son of Charles I. Following the restoration of the monarchy, the Death Warrant was used to identify the commissioners who had signed it. John Fry — a direct ancestor of Stephen Fry — was an MP for Shaftesbury, and had attended every meeting of the Court until he was suspended and debarred from sitting on the High Court just one day before the sentencing was pronounced. There was suspicion that he did not believe in the doctrine of the Trinity, one of the central Christian affirmations about God. Eight days later, he was readmitted to the House; it is understood that Fry would have passed the sentence on the king had he not been debarred. Stephen Fry was at the Queen’s Jubilee festivities which were broadcast live on Saturday night for ‘Platinum Party at the Palace’, which aired at 7.30pm on BBC One.