Describing herself as a “reasonably” healthy person in a past interview, Beeny has seemed to avoid any major health ailments throughout her career. However, she has admitted to some unhealthy habits that we are all guilty of at some points in our lives. This includes eating fast food and smoking. When asked if she had any health vices she revealed that she loves McDonald’s, having it about once a week minimum. Also having smoked 30 a day before she was pregnant, the star has managed to kick the habit that puts individuals at risk of numerous health conditions. Answering when asked if she is a healthy person back in a 2004 interview, Benny replied: “Reasonably so. I eat quite healthily - though I don't know if I eat the full five portions a day as I don't count them. “Normally, I don't eat many cakes or sweets either - although I've just had a baby and during my pregnancy I was quite bad and ate what I liked. “Although I must admit that being unleashed into having unlimited quantities of chocolate wasn't as exciting as I thought it was going to be.” Instead of chocolate being used to curb her pregnancy cravings, Beeny went on to say that her “downfall” is fast food.  READ MORE: High cholesterol: The exercise shown to lower ‘bad’ cholesterol within weeks - research  “Although in day-to-day life you have to walk around quite a lot. I walk to the Tube and to the car. And, if I park badly, I walk to the kerb.” Having revealed these healthy and not-so healthy habits so long ago, in a more recent conversation with Express.co.uk Beeny revealed that moving her family to the countryside from London has helped her make healthier choices. She said that being around nature has “enriched her life,” so much so that she encouraged those who still live in cities, and London especially, to visit their local parks more frequently to reap the mental health benefits she has found. “I didn't pinch myself to go wow, I'm alive and I'm lucky enough to have eyes. So I can see something so exquisite. I wasn't in wonderment of nature, in the city. So I think that has acted as a sort of medicine,” Beeny explained.  “I think I am much happier because of it. Because nature just makes you feel so happy because it's so amazing.” Before adding that there was “no question in [her mind]” that the move has also helped her mental health. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) explain that both smoking and bad nutrition can cause damaging effects on the body. It notes that two of the leading causes of heart disease and stroke are high blood pressure and high blood cholesterol, which is contributed to by a bad diet. Consuming too much sodium can increase blood pressure and the risk for heart disease and stroke. Current guidelines recommend getting less than 2,300 mg a day, but individuals across the globe such as Americans and Brits consume more than 3,400 mg a day on average.  An unhealthy diet can also put individuals at more risk of developing some cancers. Consuming unhealthy food and drinks, such as sugar-sweetened drinks and highly processed food, can lead to weight gain, putting people at higher risk of at least 13 types of cancer, including endometrial (uterine) cancer, breast cancer in postmenopausal women, and colorectal cancer. Smoking is one of the most unhealthy habits an individual can do. Nearly 78,000 people die each year in the UK from smoking-related causes and many more live in poor health because of smoking. Similarly to an unhealthy diet, smoking can cause problems to the heart and circulation, lungs and appearance as well as reduce an individual's life expectancy by 10 years. In addition, Bupa healthcare notes that cigarette smoke contains more than 5,000 chemical compounds and of these, over 60 are known to cause cancer. Hand-rolled cigarettes are just as harmful as ready-made cigarettes. If you smoke, you increase your risk of getting at least 15 different types of cancer, including: 