It is set to coincide with industrial action by British Airways staff at Heathrow and a Tube shutdown in London as Britons brace themselves for chaos in a Summer of Discontent. The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union is planning to strike on June 21, 23 and 25. Hitting Network Rail and 13 other train operators, it would paralyse services for the week. The union also announced a further 24-hour strike on the London Underground for June 21 in a separate row over jobs and pensions. It raises fears of a repeat of the 1978 Winter of Discontent when militant unions brought public services to a standstill. Andrew Haines, Network Rail chief executive, said: "We're doing everything we can to avoid strike action. "We know the cost of living has increased and want to give people a pay rise. But the RMT must recognise we are a public body. Any increase has to be affordable for taxpayers." Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: "It is incredibly disappointing the RMT have decided to take action that could drive passengers away from the rail network for good." RMT general secretary Mick Lynch defended the strikes, which he warns will be the union's biggest ever, saying: "Workers have been treated appallingly and despite our best efforts in negotiations, the industry, with the support of the Government, failed to take the concerns seriously." Hundreds of BA check-in and ground staff are being balloted on a walkout at the nation's busiest airport during the summer. Organised by the Unite and GMB unions, they are protesting over a 10 per cent pay cut, imposed during the pandemic, which workers want reinstated as it has been for their bosses. Events set to be hit by travel chaos include Glastonbury music festival, which runs from June 22 to 26. England's cricket team play New Zealand in a Test match in Leeds on June 23 to 27 while the British athletics championships takes place in Manchester from June 24 to 26. Also affected could be huge concerts when Elton John and the Rolling Stones headline gigs in London's Hyde Park on June 24 and June 25. Chaos at airports - trips cancelled at the last minute and holidaymakers stuck in resorts - won't fill the travelling public with confidence. Those who saved hard for holidays don't deserve the stress of uncertainty over whether breaks run smoothly, or go ahead at all. Redundancies in aviation made during Covid, red tape delaying security checks on new recruits and a reduced pool of workers because of Brexit has resulted in staff shortages. A surge in demand for half-term holidays left the industry even more overstretched. In just a few weeks, the summer holidays will start. It is essential industry and Government work together now to resolve these problems. Those still looking to book getaways should consider using a travel agent who will provide advice and help if flights are cancelled or rescheduled. As always, take out insurance and book package holidays with Atol protection. Anyone arranging their own trip should pay by credit card for cover via section 75 of the UK Consumer Credit Act, though this may not apply to bookings via a third party.