Wordle's tricky spinoff is back with another brand new daily puzzle for June 18. Quordle 145 is available for the next 24-hours, so there's no time to waste if you want to keep that winning streak alive. The game challenges players to figure out four words instead of just one, which is every bit as hard as it sounds. If you could do with a helping hand solving the latest puzzle for June 18, then head to the bottom of the article for some spoiler-free hints and clues for Quordle 145. Quordle challenges players to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter P. 2. The first word contains two vowels. 3. A popular song by The Smiths. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter M. 2. The second word contains two vowels. 3. Fast and heavy rock music. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter A. 2. The third word contains two vowels. 3. One of the vowels appears twice. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter M. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell.