Her role in ensuring that Britain has enjoyed political stability cannot be exaggerated. Throughout a technological, social and economic revolution, she has continued to inspire the nation with her example of a life devoted to public service and the good of others. We can hope the Jubilee celebrations encourage decision-makers in politics, business and beyond to embrace her values which have strengthened the institution of the monarchy and emboldened millions of us during challenging times. In her message of gratitude she looks to the future, as she puts it, “with confidence and enthusiasm”. It is remarkable that a 96-year-old is so forward-looking, and so animated with hope for what awaits us. Her positivity is exactly what Britain needs as we confront domestic and foreign challenges. She knows we are a people who have come through much worse and thrived, and she is confident we will do so again. Whatever privileges she has inherited, she has given the country greater blessings than any we have given her. People in every community are glad that successive prime ministers have benefited from her unique counsel. She has kept working, well past her retirement age, to champion charities, promote British business, and deepen the friendships within the Commonwealth family. The Queen shows us the beauty and dynamism which define a purposeful life. Surely even the most diehard republican will acknowledge she is a shining force for good? The bank holiday celebrations will feature nostalgia but we should follow Her Majesty’s lead and look ahead, resolving to carry her values into future decades by ensuring that every generation will know of how Elizabeth II made Britain great.  The transformation of the British honours system so that it celebrates people who live far from the corridors of power ensures that the sacrifices and achievements of ordinary citizens are recognised. Eleven-year-old twins Elena and Ruben Evans-Guillen will never forget the moment they were awarded a British Empire Medal after raising more than £46,000 for charity. It is just as excellent to see Angela Redgrave receive a BEM at the age of 104 for her decades of teaching people to dance. Britain is the home of many quiet heroes who do not seek the limelight. But we should celebrate the exceptional endeavours of those who strengthen, encourage, protect and inspire us, and an honours system which looks far beyond the establishment will illuminate individuals worthy of the heartiest applause.  