Phil Mickleson's nightmare opening day at the US Open was compounded by being heckled by supporters over his move to the Saudi-backed LIV Golf tour. The six-time major champion was making his first appearance on American soil since taking a break from the sport in February, following explosive comments about both the PGA Tour and Saudi regime. He played in last week's inaugural LIV Golf Invitational event at The Centurion Club, and despite him and other defectors now being banned from PGA Tour events, they were permitted to enter the US Open in Brookline. And Mickleson, 52, would have been heartened by a decent ovation on the opening tee. But his mood was promptly deflated by his terrible start, dropping three shots in his opening five holes. He then fashioned a birdie chance on the sixth, only to somehow four putt and leave the green with a calamitous double bogey. 'Leftie' eventually finished up eight over par, leaving him with a job on his hands to avoid being cut. And despite the early show of adulation from fans, he was also goaded on his way around over the notion he's signed for Greg Norman for the money. JUST IN: Phil Mickelson nightmare in US Open round one hints at mounting LIV golf pressure Whilst speaking to his caddie over what iron to use on one fairway, a fan shouted: "Phil, Al Horford, over nine and a half rebounds." The fan's taunt related to the Boston Celtics playing in the NBA finals, which they have since lost 4-2 to the Golden State Warriors. The incident was posted on Instagram by the @breezygolf account, with the American choosing to ignore the shout. He'll tee off on Friday a full 12 shots off surprise leader Adam Hadwin, of Canada, who carded a 66 to finish four under par. DON'T MISS:Jon Rahm had ball stolen by kids at US Open before producing remarkable responseTiger Woods US Open comments revisited as golf icon drops out but makes St Andrews pledgeRory McIlroy backed to tackle US Open title chances 'like a boxer' after Canadian Open win Rory McIlroy lies joint second on three under, with Justin Rose and Matt Fitzpatrick both a shot further back. Jon Rahm is one under par, despite having his ball stolen by two youngsters on the 18th hole. Another LIV Golf player, Dustin Johnson, who controversially resigned his PGA Tour card before the ban was imposed, had a better day than compatriot Mickleson. He finished two under par.