Vanity Fair’s royal correspondent Katie Nicholl, speaking with staff writer Erin Vanderhoof, said if the British population does not care about the Royal Family “then they’re in trouble”. She said that while “their popularity soars” on social media platforms, it was imperative the family made the monarchy more “accessible” to stay relevant. She added that Prince Charles has reportedly put together long term plans to “open more of the Palaces to the public” to fight against possible apathy.    Ms Nicholl said: “The coronation will happen well within a year of Charles’ accession and its acknowledgement of the religious and cultural diversity of modern Britain will mark a significant departure from the Queen’s coronation, which reflected the nature and empire of the time. Ms Vanderhood said: “We’ve expressed a lot of our thoughts about our optimism for Charles’ reign but I know that he is going to face some challenges. Ms Nicholl said: “I think apathy is probably the biggest threat to the monarchy because if the British people do not care then they're in trouble.    “And the monarchy needs to be accessible, metaphorically and literally. And we’ve already seen with the royals on Instagram, their popularity soars. “So, one of Charles’ long term plans is to open more of the Palaces to the public and I think that will be a good thing. Ms Vanderhood added: “We saw exactly how popular the royal family could be when the Queen celebrated her Platinum Jubilee. “It was incredibly fun, full of appreciation for the Queen, her record breaking reign of 70 years, and the vibrant culture she helped Britain develop during her time on the throne.” READ MORE: Prince Charles expresses sorrow over slavery in Commonwealth speech [REVEAL]   Meanwhile, Prince Charles has commissioned a series of portraits of the Windrush generation to mark their “immeasurable contribution” to Britain. Charles will personally choose artists to paint the likenesses of the elderly Britons who travelled from the Caribbean to the UK to bolster the workforce and help the nation recover after the Second World War. Baroness Floella Benjamin is chairwoman of the Windrush Commemoration Committee which will choose those who will sit for the painters - some of whom will be from the UK's black community. The prince said: "The Windrush vessel arrived at Tilbury in the year I was born, inspiring a generation who made this country home. DON'T MISS: ‘Give William the job!’ Britons support crown skipping Prince Charles [REPORT]Boris and Prince Charles attempt mutual ground on Rwanda policy [REPORT] Camilla turns heads in glamorous royal blue dress for dinner in Rwanda [REVEAL]  "I have always thought of the United Kingdom as a community of communities whose strength is in our diversity and over the last 75 years this generation has made an immeasurable contribution to the society we share. "That is why, in this special anniversary year, I wanted to pay my own heartfelt tribute to the role they have played in our nation's story." Next year is the 75th anniversary of the arrival of HMT Empire Windrush at Tilbury docks in 1948, bringing 500 passengers from the Caribbean. Alongside commissioning the portraits, the prince plans to host and attend events across the country to celebrate the impact of the Windrush generation. READ NEXT: Charles and Boris 'like toddlers told to play nicely' at meetingPrince Charles to use 'own moral compass' to comment on policy as kingPrince Andrew could lose royal home in Windsor once Charles is kingBoris risks Charles Rwanda row saying critics should keep ‘open mind’Prince Charles voices 'personal sorrow' for slavery  