Sophie Wessex is in Scotland today on a royal engagement visiting Capability Scotland. This organisation provides care for those with disabilities. The late Prince Philip was formerly the charity’s Patron.  For the occasion, Sophie chose a beautiful and very summery pink suit. The Countess of Wessex looked stunning in a Gabriela Hearst light pink blazer and matching trousers. The stylish jacket, which is currently sold out, retails for £1,741. The royal seemed to be wearing a white blouse underneath her blazer.  READ MORE: Countess of Wessex dazzles in down to earth Royal Family engagement Sophie’s pink trousers to match the blazer retail for a sensational £900. For footwear, Sophie chose a pair of wedges for the occasion. The Countess opted for her Penelope Chilver 'Tango' heels in tan/ultraviolet. These are tan block heels, however the heel is a violet colour.  For accessories, Sophie could be seen carrying a handbag from her favourite brand, Sophie Habsburg. The Countess chose her pink straw ‘Bean Bag’ for today’s occasion. The bag costs 310 Euros, or roughly £268. For jewellery, Sophie chose her usual bead bracelet, cross necklace and blossom studs.  READ MORE: The most unusual royal wedding dresses - including Princess Diana's The Countess was visiting Capability Scotland today. The Royal Family tweeted: “For the last 75 years, Capability Scotland has been providing care, support, and education for disabled children and adults across Scotland. “At the charity’s Edinburgh site today, The Countess of Wessex joined them for some cake and fun as they celebrated this special anniversary.“For 60 years The Duke of Edinburgh was the charity's Patron. “Today The Countess planted a rose in his memory.”  Royal fans took to social media to praise Sophie’s style today. Twitter user @Bijaii said: “One thing the Countess of Wessex is going to do is give us a nice outfit.” Similarly, @@di53son added: “I adore Sophie. “Once again working so hard, always with a big, beautiful smile and so gracious to everyone she meets on her travels.” 