Rafael Nadal has given his personal opinion on Wimbledon’s ban on Russian and Belarusian players for the first time. The Spaniard is part of the ATP Player Council, which had an input on the tour’s decision to strip ranking points from the tournament, and he explained why the ATP punished the tournament after winning a record-extending 22nd Grand Slam title at the French Open. Nadal had remained coy on Wimbledon’s ban on Russian and Belarusian players, previously saying he “wished it wasn’t this way” and confirming he was part of talks over the ATP’s response as a member of the player council. But the world No 5 has now shared his own personal view on the situation for the first time, saying he “respects” the tournament’s decision to impose the ban. “Well first of all the world of tennis is zero so when you see plenty of families, kids dying, suffering then the rest of the things doesn’t matter, you know,” he told CNN’s Christiane Amanpour. “Doesn’t matter if Wimbledon do one thing or another thing or if ATP does one thing or another thing. Because the real thing and the real drama is that people [are] dying and a lot of families are suffering.” The newly-crowned French Open champion said it was “fair” for Wimbledon to ban players, though explained that the ATP had to work in the players’ interests by removing points. He continued: “That’s the main thing, the rest of the things doesn’t matter but of course if you are asking about the position of Wimbledon, from my humble point of view I have a clear view. JUST IN: Zverev 'to miss Wimbledon' as timeline for French Open injury emerges  “I understand what Wimbledon did, I respect what Wimbledon did because it’s something that from my point of view is fair enough because they have in some way the pressure of the government and they have their point of view but from the ATP side, they have to protect their members too.” The 36-year-old also said that the response wasn’t about pitting Wimbledon and the ATP against one another, and claimed that both bodies did the right thing. “So it’s not about ‘what Wimbledon did is terrible’ and ‘what ATP did is the right thing’, no,” he stated. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu fiercely defended by world No 5 Maria SakkariBritain to host Billie Jean King Cup Finals after Raducanu gloryFederer has three tennis records Nadal and Djokovic may never match  “I think both ways, both things are good. Everyone is defending their interest and I respect both things and nothing is better than the other.” While ranking points will not be on offer to ATP players competing at Wimbledon, Nadal is still hoping to play if his body allows. The two-time former champion at SW19 is battling a chronic foot injury and admitted to using anaesthesia injections in the nerve of his foot to play without pain at the French Open but did not want to use the same method and take the “risk” of potentially turning his ankle again. He will be having a procedure to dull the feeling in the nerve using radiofrequency this week and will only play Wimbledon if the treatment is successful. 