Starz’s hit series Outlander made its highly anticipated return to screens with season six with an action-packed instalment released in March. Despite the excitement from fans about its comeback, others unveiled an inconsistency with the series and the novel it's based on.  When season six returned it followed Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) as she tried to recover and heal from an assault in the season finale. As well as religious conflict and addition becoming a major theme in the instalment, Claire’s husband Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) had to become an Indian Agent for the British. This introduced a fan favourite scene from the book ‘A Breath of Snow and Ashes, ’ which saw Jamie establish a relationship with the Cherokee tribe. However, many noticed an error in the season six episode titled ‘Allegiance’ with whom Jamie had approached for information. READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action Taking to Reddit, user @Dianag519 wrote: “I’m watching season 6 episode 2 and Jamie asks Claire about the Indians. “You’d think Claire would tell him to ask Bree, she is the one that studied American history in school and also she majored in history at one point. “It seems she would know a lot more about this period than Claire,” they concluded. This was a huge error as Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) had decided to stay in the future while her mother Claire travelled to the past to find Jamie.  Brianna wanted to finish her education as she was studying History at College and therefore would’ve had well-informed knowledge about the Cherokee tribe. Despite this, another fan revealed the error could have been a production decision. @ZVC266 added: “It’s probably that it would require another scene to do that. “If there’s already dialogue with one person on the subject, the show will have just changed it since it’s cheaper than filming another scene or messing with the script.” DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sam Heughan admits filming is ‘troublesome’ [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Allan Christie star on ‘tough’ death scene [INSIGHT] They continued: “Much cheaper than bringing in that specific actor for that scene, or shooting a new one.” Furthermore, another fan revealed the scene was inconsistent with the novels, which the series was based on. Outlander was the onscreen adaptation of a best-selling novel series written by Diana Gabaldon with season six being a depiction of her sixth book. The Reddit user @Nanchika stated: “In books, he usually asks Bree and Roger.”  Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) also would’ve been a better person to ask about the Cherokee tribe as he was introduced as a history professor. Elsewhere in the episode, Jamie found himself in some hot water after he went to stay with the tribe. After an encounter with Chief Bird (Glen Gould) caused interruptions by singing in the morning, Jamie was desperate for sleep which was further disturbed by two Cherokee women. They had tried to seduce him and because he was faithful to Claire, Jamie called his nephew Young Ian (John Bell) to intervene on his behalf. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK. 