Managing director Julian House said: “If you want to overhaul your personal finances for the better, I would definitely recommend following these tips. Collectively, they can save you £2197.82 so what’s stopping you from getting started?” Tackle the tax bill With the coronavirus pandemic, many people have been working from home at some point over the past two years. People could be entitled to £420 from the government for their home-based work. To be eligible, a claimant must have been asked to work remotely, even for one day, and it wasn’t their personal choice. READ MORE: Savings boost: Bank increases interest rates across 3 accounts  The deadline to claim for the 2020 to 2021 tax year isn’t until 2025. Get savvy with shopping The cost of some groceries has increased along with other bills in recent months, so many will be mindful of their spending at the supermarket. It's possible to join a supermarket’s loyalty scheme to get the best deals and save some pennies. Good practices include writing a list of exactly what to buy before heading to the shops, to avoid impulse purchases, or buying cheaper substitutes for meat items. Stocking up on cupboard items will also help avoid needless spending, and people can take on the ‘downshift challenge’, switching from top-end brands to the value range. These habits could help a shopper save 15 to 30 on their weekly shopping, equivalent to £1,000 over the course of a year. Keep an eye out for discounts and sales When the perfect addition to one's wardrobe appears in a shop or online, it can be tempting to quickly buy it.  But it pays to be patient, as the same item may go on sale at a lower price. This may be because retailers look to clear the shelves before the next season comes in. Discount codes can provide some big savings online on a range of products. The latest figures show that households with annual incomes from £0 up to £120,000+ saved around £220 a year using voucher codes.  Too much on television If a person still uses a subscription box to watch television, they could be missing out on a chunk of savings. A study by Barclaycard Payments showed that UK households spend on average £552 a year on subscription boxes, or £46 per month. A consumer can download apps for televisions with internet connection, to provide access for individual streaming services like BBC iPlayer and Netflix, or for full television services, like NOW TV. Or there is the option to stream popular shows on telly from a laptop, using a HDMI cable.