The young princess was joined by her siblings Prince George and Prince Louis as they stood to watch the stunning display of aircraft fly overhead. Members of the Royal Family returned to the palace to wave at crowds following an appearance at Horse Guards Parade for Trooping the Colour.  Princess Charlotte beamed, laughed and raised her hands enthusiastically as she watched the flypast from Buckingham Palace balcony with her family. The duke and duchess' younger two children, Louis and Charlotte, were also spotted peering out of the central window at Horse Guards Parade as Louis pointed out towards the ceremony. The Platinum Jubilee saw the princess make her debut in the carriage procession by riding with her mum, the Duchess of Cambridge, as well as her brothers. All three of the Cambridge children have played a part in the ceremony in the past, but never to this scale. The crowds were treated to the sight of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis with proud parent Kate and their step-grandmother Camilla in a carriage procession. As the spectators waved at the young royals the trio waved back in their first major public outing for a Jubilee.  READ MORE: Like father like son! Louis looks adorable in identical sailor outfit Prince Louis sat between his older siblings Prince George and Princess Charlotte in a carriage. The children, who are dressed in a light blue, navy and white colour scheme, waved to the crowds. At one point Charlotte appeared to push Louis's hand down as he enthusiastically waved. Dressed in a cornflower blue dress, Charlotte squinted in the morning sunshine as the carriage left the palace.  DON'T MISS Playful Charlotte steals the show as she joins saluting Louis [PICTURES]Camilla intervenes to position Charles in best spot next to Queen [VIDEO]Prince William takes centre stage at Trooping the Colour parade [INSIGHT] Earlier this month, Princess Charlotte melted hearts by appearing in officially released snaps of her smiling with the family cocker spaniel to mark her seventh birthday. The pictures were taken in Norfolk, showing the gap in her teeth as she beamed another cheeky smile surrounded by bluebells. The princess has a history of not holding her father’s hand during public appearances.  During a Christmas pantomime play in 2020, Charlotte let go of her dad’s hand as they approached the entrance to the theatre. As Prince William reached down to hold it again, the Princess seemed more interested in lapping on the moment on her own, leaving the Duke of Cambridge to give her a small stroke on the head instead. On this historic occasion, the princess was seen on the balcony wearing a cornflower blue dress. The nation is embracing the special extended bank holiday weekend of pomp, pageantry and star-studded festivities, which will see celebrities and the public gather in their millions in tribute to the monarch. Thousands of wellwishers draped in Union flags, party hats and plastic tiaras flocked to central London for the spectacle.