The Midwich Cuckoos has been given a modern-day makeover by Sky Max, decades after the story became a worldwide sensation through author John Wyndham's novel. Starring actress Keeley Hawes and actor Max Beesley, this adaptation will see retell the tale of how aliens left their unusual mark on a small market town. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch The Midwich Cuckoos. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Midwich Cuckoos.The Midwich Cuckoos is set in the small titular town in Buckinghamshire where its residents are victim to a mysterious blackout. When the lights came back on though, everything had changed as all the women of child-bearing years in Midwich unexpectedly fell pregnant during this supernatural event. But unlike normal pregnancies, the women give birth far sooner than expected and the rate of their growth is abnormal. Soon, Midwich is riddled with cunning children who have got a few plans up their sleeves. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show The Midwich Cuckoos premieres on Thursday, June 2, on Sky Max at 9pm. The limited series will be made up of eight episodes in total, each instalment with a running time of around one hour. Every week, a new episode is going to come out on Sky Max, meaning the finale will premiere on Thursday, July 21. But if you're eager to watch the drama in full as soon as possible, then there is an alternative. Sky owns streaming service NOW which features all of its content for subscribers to download at the click of a button. The Midwich Cuckoos will be no different and following its debut on Sky Max, all eight episodes are going to become available on NOW. So fans can binge-watch the entire boxset whenever they choose, rather than having to wait each week for a new episode. To get access to the series though, viewers have to subscribe to the service. DON'T MISS...‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change [EXPLAINER]The Midwich Cuckoos: Where was the Sky drama filmed? [LOCATION]What is The Last Kingdom star Eliza Butterworth's next role? [CAST] First-time customers are first treated to a seven-day free trial of NOW. They can then purchase NOW Entertainment for £9.99 for the first two months. After this period has come to an end, the membership will auto-renew, costing £9.99 every month from then on. If subscribers do change their minds, they are able to cancel their service at any time. Starring alongside her is Homeland and Jamestown actor Max Beesley as DCI Paul Haynes. The Midwich Cuckoos premieres on Thursday, June 2, at 9pm on Sky Max and streaming service NOW.