Paulo Dybala has handed Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur hope in the race to sign him as a free agent this summer by admitting he wants to play in England. The 28-year-old forward will leave Juventus when his contract expires this month and presents a coup for those pursuing attacking reinforcements. Dybala reminded suitors of his prowess in front of goal as he scored within minutes of his stoppage-time entrance in Wednesday's 2022 Finalissima against Italy. Argentina romped to a 3-0 triumph against Italy at Wembley Stadium, and he could get used to playing on English soil. After his stellar Finalissima cameo, he told ESPN: "I am quite calm. The people who I work with are taking care [of it]. In Italy, I am very comfortable, [but] I would still like to know other leagues like the Premier League [and] La Liga. But I'm happy in Italy." Dybala is leaving Juventus after a stellar seven-year spell, scoring 115 goals in 293 games and winning 12 major trophies, including five Scudettos. Arsenal and Tottenham are among a host of top European clubs credited with an interest in his signature. JUST IN: Liverpool ‘contact’ Serge Gnabry as Bayern ace reveals wage demands Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is searching for a marquee striker signing in response to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January exit and Alexandre Lacazette's impending free transfer away from the Emirates Stadium. And Dybala will pose as an enticing option, given his versatility would also allow him to feature as the attacking midfielder and right-winger in the Spaniard's 4-2-3-1. Meanwhile, Tottenham have attempted to lure Dybala to north London before, and Antonio Conte could possess a certain pull factor over Serie A players. The Italian coach might want to bolster his striker depth and snatch the Argentine from his former club's grasp. READ MORE: Man Utd coach McClaren details 'mad' first week working with Ten Hag Inter are undoubtedly well-positioned for his signature, though, and Dybala confirming he's 'happy in Italy' will offer the Serie A champions further encouragement. Club vice-president Javier Zanetti has admitted they could look to pair him with his Argentina teammate Lautaro Martinez next season. "Maybe [we'll sign Dybala]," Zanetti explained. "The transfer market is opening. We have a lot of time – we're a club who must seize opportunities. If that proves to be the case, we'll evaluate it. We must also be realistic. The constraints we're dealing with are ones you know, but we're talking about a great player when it comes to Dybala." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.