Novak Djokovic was booed by the French Open crowd while walking onto Court Philippe-Chatrier for his quarter-final against Rafael Nadal. It's the second-consecutive match that fans have booed the top seed in after the Court Suzanne-Lenglen crowd also jeered the reigning champion when he arrived for his fourth round against Diego Schwartzman, and John McEnroe was quick to defend the world No 1. Djokovic received mixed crowd reception when he stepped onto Court Philippe-Chatrier for his blockbuster night session clash against Nadal. Barbara Schett on Eurosport was quick to note the booing, telling one of her co-hosts on the court: "Well Mats I hear a little bit of booing." While Mats Wilander speculated whether the fans could be chanting Christiano Ronaldo's trademark 'Siuu' as they did at the Australian Open, seven-time Grand Slam champion John McEnroe stepped in and immediately said: "Unfortunately this was booing." And the former world No 1 slammed the fans as he defended the top seed for being one of the ambassadors of the sport. "I think it blows basically is what I think," he said of the frosty reception. JUST IN: Zverev claims Alcaraz will win French Open 'a lot of times' after exit  "I mean it’s crazy, come on. This guy is a credit to our sport, he comes out on the court, this is one of the greatest matches," he continued. "They may never see - they will probably never see this match again on this court. Come on, you can start getting behind Rafa now." It's not the first time the French Open crowd has given their reigning champion and top seed a frosty reception. The Serb came up against a whole host of Schwartzman fans in his previous match on Sunday and Eurosport's Alize Lim and Alex Corretja were unhappy with the fans' response. DON'T MISSAlcaraz not ready to win a Slam as Zverev reaches French Open semisNadal retirement fears dispelled after 'last French Open' commentsNovak Djokovic's coach plays down Carlos Alcaraz changes  "I think there’s both cheering and a little bit of booing aswell. I don’t like that. Come on, [it's] the world No 1. That’s not respectful," the French pro said of the crowd in his previous match, while former world No 2 Corretja was more critical of the fans. "I don't like that. It's Novak Djokovic. He has given us so much." The two-time runner-up in Paris said. "Just support both and enjoy the match. I hate it when they don't respect the players or boo them."