The Platinum Jubilee weekend has commenced, marking a unique milestone in Britain's history as the country celebrates Queen Elizabeth II's 70 years on the phone. The first event to bring the community together will be the lighting of the beacons. The official Jubilee website states: “A beacon chain, once used as a tool for communication, has now become a symbol of unity across towns, borders, countries and continents and is often the central point of focus for any outdoor gathering or celebration.” Thousands of these flaming tributes will take place spread between three types of event: Community Beacons, Commonwealth Beacons, and the Principal Beacon. The Community Beacons will see thousands of beacons in communities, and by charities and different groups across the countries and regions taking part in the Jubilee festivities. The Commonwealth Beacons will see beacons lit in each capital of the Commonwealth, amounting to 58 in total. The Principal Beacon will be lit at Buckingham Palace by The Duke of Cambridge. READ MORE: RAF flypast for Jubilee: When and where to see the Red Arrows The Jubilee Beacons will be lit around the UK and Channel Islands at 9.45pm this evening (June 2, 2022). Pipers across the nation and Commonwealth will perform the special commemorative tune “Diu Regnare” just before. The momentous occasion will be broadcast live on BBC One, with Platinum Beacons: Lighting up the Jubilee at 8.00pm. The Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors Anchor Chain will be lit at 9.30pm, and the beacons along Hadrian’s Wall at 10.00pm. DON'T MISSBest places to watch RAF Red Arrows flypast for Queen's Jubilee 2022 [INSIGHT]Jubilee beacons timings: How to watch, locations and key times [FULL LIST]Why are beacons being lit for the Platinum Jubilee? Poignant meaning [EXPLAINED] Beacons will be lit throughout the UK and across the Commonwealth, with more than 3,500 in total. Key sites in the UK include the Tower of London, Windsor Great Park, Hillsborough Castle and the Queen’s estates of Sandringham and Balmoral. Beacons will also be lit on the top of the UK’s four highest peaks. You can find your nearest beacon lighting using this interactive map: Interactive Map. Beacons are not just in cities and highly populated parts of the country. Thousands of beacons will also be lit in rural communities across England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. Beacons will also be lit in Commonwealth nations including: