Manchester United are poised to send three forwards out on loan despite Erik ten Hag’s desire to sign a new attacker this summer, reports say. The Dutchman has interest in Antony, who sparkled under the 52-year-old at Ajax last term. However, any deal for the Brazil international currently looks complex due to the Eredivisie giants’ big demands. According to Forbes, United are primed to send the likes of Tahith Chong, Amad and Facundo Pellistri on loan again for the second season in a row. Chong spent the first half of last season on loan at Club Brugge in Belgium but, in January, was then moved onto Birmingham instead. The 22-year-old had his moments at St Andrew’s and, now, is set to spend another year away from Old Trafford to enhance his development. Regarding Amad, big things were expected of the forward when he moved to Old Trafford from Atalanta back in January last year. However, the Ivory Coast international has often struggled for game time during his time at the club. The arrival of Jadon Sancho from Borussia Dortmund last summer saw United, in the New Year, send Amad to Rangers. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez But though he caught the eye with some stirring performances at first, he wasn’t always selected by Giovanni van Bronckhorst during his spell at Ibrox. Former Rangers star Alan Hutton did recently say, however, that Amad should spend another year in the Scottish Premiership to boost his chances of being a superstar in the future. He told Football Insider: "I don’t think he reached the heights that a lot of people were expecting. “I’m not going to lie I thought he’d have more of an impact, so I did feel for him. "He’s obviously come from a big club, and there’s no doubting his talent and we did see it in flashes. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen "I think Ross County away was his first game if memory serves me correct he scored and had some good touches. “But after that he got thrown into the deep end a little bit against Celtic and he got lost. "I don’t think he maybe realised how big a fixture it was. I did feel for him because there is a great player there, it’s just about showing it on a consistent basis and I don’t think we quite saw that for someone so young. “So it would be nice to see him come back and flourish and show the player he actually can be.” Regarding Pellistri, the Uruguay international moved to United back in the summer transfer window of 2020. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But he spent last season on loan at Deportivo Alaves, where he failed to score a single goal or register an assist in 21 La Liga games. Pellistri’s agent, Agustin Alvarez, revealed plans for his client last week by saying: “He has a contract until 2026. “He will make the pre-season retreat with Manchester and will take part in the tour in Asia.” And he added: “He [Ten Hag] will decide, if he will stay or if he will be loaned out. “In the latter case we have several possibilities between England, Italy and Portugal thanks also to the performance we had with the Uruguayan national team, where the coach [Diego] Alonso who gave him the confidence that Alaves lacked.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It seems like United are ready to let the three youngsters depart despite Ten Hag’s desire to add to their frontline. And whether the Red Devils do bolster their ranks in that area is something only time will tell. Antony is Ten Hag’s top transfer target, with the Brazil international open to moving to the Premier League this summer. But with Ajax wanting £70million to let the Samba star go, the Red Devils may have to haggle his fee to acquire his services. United have also been linked with Villareal’s Arnaut Danjuma, but West Ham are currently frontrunners in the race for his signature.