Cristiano Ronaldo’s agent Jorge Mendes has reportedly offered Real Madrid star Marco Asensio to Manchester United. The Spanish international could join Mendes’ client Ronaldo at Old Trafford as Asensio's future at Real Madrid looks set to end this summer. Asensio has just a year left on his contract and Real Madrid may want to cash in on the man that has spent eight years at the Bernabeu since joining Los Blancos from Real Mallorca in 2014. Spanish TV show El Chiringuito claim that Mendes, who represents Asensio and Ronaldo, has offered the 26-year-old to Manchester United. United may look to add more options in midfield this summer, after announcing the exits of Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata already this week, with Nemanja Matic set to follow the trio out of the door at Old Trafford. Asensio has been a long-term target of the Red Devils, and was a useful option for Carlo Ancelotti this season despite not setting foot on the pitch in their 1-0 Champions League final victory over Liverpool. He did however make 31 league appearances as the Spanish giant won their 35th La Liga title, scoring ten goals in the process. Asensio has admitted that last season may have been his final at Real Madrid as he could leave in search of regular minutes. "I have one more year in my contract yet here we are talking about me leaving Real Madrid," Asensio told AS. "This is an important moment for me, I will not deny it. "I am more mature and not only on the field, this is an important moment and I will have to make important decisions. Me and my family know that I have to keep growing and moving forward. I want to achieve important things in football and they help me do that. "Considering how this season went and what I experienced during my career, it's true that I want more, I am hungry for more and I would retire if it wasn't like this, but I have many more challenges to achieve. "I want to be the best player I can become and that’s why I keep working. I think this season it paid off even though I probably didn’t play many minutes. I want to play more and contribute more to the team. I know what our coach thinks. He's happy about my season and he trusts me, this is something he told me himself. "It's true that I didn't have the time to think and consider many things because of the Champions League final and the celebrations, but when these next two weeks with the national team end, we will talk about it all. This is something that my agent is taking care of. "When the upcoming games with Spain are over, we will have to think about it. I want to keep growing and I want to achieve more things."