Arsenal have been told that they “need to keep hold of” Bukayo Saka amid reports linking him with a move to Manchester City. Former Gunners forward Theo Walcott believes that it would be hard for Saka to turn down Pep Guardiola’s side, but he is hopeful that his former club can keep hold of one of their most prized assets. The Premier League champions have reportedly stepped up their interest in the England international, as Saka’s Arsenal contract expires in 2024 and the club will spend another year out of the Champions League following their fifth-placed finish last season. Walcott told talkSPORT: “Well, there is obviously a transitional stage at Arsenal, that Mikel [Arteta] is part of, and Saka is massively part of it as well. “The younger crop of players at Arsenal coming through, I feel as though the club need to keep hold of him, simple as that. Obviously, when Manchester City comes knocking on the door, it is such a hard thing for any player really to turn down.” Saka has become a key player at the Emirates Stadium under Mikel Arteta. He scored 11 goals and recorded seven assists last season and the club will be looking to offer their academy product an improved contract. “He is very young,” Walcott added, “but I feel that he likes the area of London in Arsenal, the fans have been fantastic, and at the Emirates, which is one of the best stadiums I have ever played in. “He has great support, and I will be intrigued. My heart says he will be at Arsenal next season, and we will see after that. “He needs to understand that the playing opportunities will be limited at Manchester City. He will, of course, be more likely to win things, but it is not saying Arsenal won’t win things. “I think they are in that phase, they are slowly starting to get there. They would have taken fifth at the start of the season, given how it went. I am hopeful he will be at Arsenal next season, I am pretty sure of that.” As Saka has been linked with a move to Manchester City, the Gunners may see a player return in the opposite direction as they have been offered hope in their pursuit of City left-back Oleksandr Zinchenko. Arteta’s side will hope to entice the Ukrainian with a place in their midfield, as the 25-year-old has spent the majority of his career at the Etihad Stadium as a left-back for Guardiola. They face competition from West Ham, but City are not expected to stand in Zinchenko’s way if he demands a move away from the club this summer.