The Wales Football Association has accepted the resignation of head coach Ryan Giggs. The former Manchester United winger stepped aside from his role in November 2020 after being arrested. Giggs was later charged with using controlling behaviour and assaulting his ex-girlfriend. The 48-year-old denies the allegations. Giggs released a statement on Monday confirming his resignation. Rob Page had filled in for the ex-Wales international and guided the Dragons to their first World Cup since 1958. In a public statement, Giggs said: "After much consideration, I am standing down from my position as manager of the Wales men’s national team with immediate effect. "It has been an honour and a privilege to manage my country, but it is only right that the Wales FA, the coaching staff and the players prepare for the tournament with certainty, clarification and without speculation around the position of their head coach. JUST IN: Inter Milan chief admits Lukaku 'difficulties' as Chelsea exit stalls "I do not want the country’s preparations for the World Cup to be affected, destabilised or jeopardised in any way by the continued interest around this case. I have been fortunate enough to have enjoyed some unforgettable moments during my three years in charge of the national team." The Welsh FA then released a statement, which read: “The Football Association of Wales acknowledges the personal statement released by Ryan Giggs on 20 June 2022. “The FAW places on record its gratitude to Ryan Giggs for his tenure as manager of the Cymru Men’s National Team and appreciates the decision he has taken, which is in the best interests of Welsh football. “The full focus of the FAW and the Cymru Men’s National Team is on the FIFA World Cup in Qatar later this year.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal signing Matt Turner endears himself to fans via Tottenham snubMan Utd could rob Rooney of protege as Red Devils 'very much in hunt'Arsenal 'fear' Man Utd will sign Lisandro Martinez after Timber snub Wales qualified for the World Cup for the first time in 64 years thanks to a play-off victory over Ukraine. Gareth Bale's deflected free kick earned the Welsh a 1-0 victory. Page, 47, revealed he had his contract extended by the Welsh FA in the aftermath of that success. Wales have gone into England's group at the World Cup and will also face USA and Iran in Group B. “If at the end of the game last night it hadn’t gone our way, then I would have been out of contract, so I would have been stood here with no contract,” Page told Sky Sports the day after Wales beat Ukraine. “That is not the case because we have qualified, so that naturally gets extended now. My contract is now extended until whatever stage we go out in the World Cup. I have got the best job in the world and I work with a great group of players. I love this job.”