Alessandro Gilbert, 21, plunged a four-inch steak knife into Jamie Griffiths' abdomen and left his victim "squirting out" blood. A court heard if the blade had been 2mm to one side it could have killed Mr Griffiths, who was dashed to hospital after shaking violently from shock.  The feud happened after Gilbert found details of two women and sent them "sexually suggestive" messages, North Wales Live reports. Gilbert was jailed at Caernarfon Crown Court for four years for wounding and a further month for the assault of a woman. The defendant admitted both charges. Sentencing Gilbert, his Honour Timothy Petts told the defendant: "You were only a couple of millimetres away from facing a murder charge." The judge also banned Gilbert from contacting Mr Griffiths or the woman for ten years. When Mr Griffiths confronted Gilbert about his messages to women, an argument ensued.   Sion ap Mihangel, prosecuting, said Gilbert had messaged Mr Griffiths: "'F*** you then. I thought you were my bro but clearly not. I will chef you up," a reference to cutting or stabbing. Shortly afterwards, Gilbert went to Mr Griffiths' flat in Bangor, north Wales, armed with what looked like a steak knife, the court heard. The prosecutor said Mr Griffiths opened the door by the lift and was stabbed within moments. The lawyer said: "Mr Griffiths was bleeding profusely. He lost his sight and feared the worst. "He was convinced he was going to die. He had told his friends (who had appeared) what to tell his family and that he wished to be cremated. "He managed to speak to his father (on the phone) who reassured him and told him to hold on." Paramedics were called and Mr Griffiths was rushed to hospital.   Simon Rogers, defending, said the wounding of Mr Griffiths had been a "gross overreaction after falling out with a one-time friend". Gilbert, who was a Bangor University student, had been feeling "pressure" after losing his grandfather and a friend had put photos of him on the internet. Lockdown meant he hadn't seen his family as much as he would have done. Gilbert's parents, who were in court, are "devastated" at his behaviour which his defence described as being "out of character". Mr Rogers added: "This was a tragedy for all those involved. "The impact upon the victims has been significant. It will also of course have a devastating effect on this defendant. "Instead of embarking on a university degree and enjoying the prospects that go along with that, he will now serve a significant prison sentence." 