Prince Harry and Meghan Markle arrived at St Paul's Cathedral for the Service of Thanksgiving on Friday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined Prince Charles, Camilla Parker Bowles, Prince William and Kate Middleton among other members of the royal family as they marked the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It marks the first time the family has returned to British soil with their son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, three, and daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor, one, since they stepped down from royal duties in 2020. Fern Britton took to Twitter and shared her dismay after she took aim at the Prince of Wales. The former This Morning presenter claimed she thought it "troubling" the Sussexes were sat apart from the working royals. Meghan and Harry spent a few minutes chatting to the senior cleric before entering the cathedral and taking their seats in the second row from the front, while Prince Charles and Prince William sat on the other side. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty sparks flag fury amid Jubilee 'mockery' claims In view of her 113,000 followers, Fern penned: "I understand all the protocols and ‘soft diplomacy’ employed by the Royal Family, but for the #POW [Prince of Wales] to allow Harry and Meghan to be so obviously segregated is troubling. "A father should have the b***s to sit as a family with his two children." Her tweet sparked division as social media users flocked to comment on the post. @stellabranch tweeted: "I thought it was totally right for them to be sat with Eugenie and Beatrice and their partners. Secondary Royals."  @BabsRambow commented: "They don't want to be working royals any more so they were seated with the rest of the non working royals. They don't want the responsibilities, they are not entitled to the perks." @JennyBarr10 wrote: "I wish them well but think they have chosen a path and have to accept some of the consequences. Anyway, it’s just a seat in a church." @RobPlatt remarked: "It was not a family occasion, it was a State Occasion and as such H&M were seated accordingly (lucky to get a seat at all in many opinions). You’ll be sorry next that Andrew & Fergie had to miss out!" Others appeared to agree with Fern's stance, as @Roz4luv said: "I didn’t realise it until I saw the photos in the paper this morning Fern. I found it very sad, and the look in Harry’s eyes…" DON'T MISS... Demi Rose leaves little to imagination in eye-popping maroon bikini[LATEST]Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family[JUBILEE]Piers Morgan hits back at Dan Walker's GMB walk-off stint[TV] @DebraDommen shared: "I am with you, the Jubilee celebrations are all about family & community coming together not segregation or making a point. At the end of the day all everyone wants is a family united whatever the politics or the arguments which fade into insignificance when time is running out." @gierson_judy commented: "I did think it would have been nice for the whole family to walk into St Paul's yesterday, at the end of the day they're still family. Unless the Sussexes didn't want to." The Queen was not in attendance service after experiencing “some discomfort” during Thursday’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Buckingham Palace had said at the time. Instead, she had chosen to watch the service on TV from Windsor Castle. Additionally, the Duke of York did not attend the service after he contracted Covid-19. Meanwhile, it has been reported Harry and Meghan were already on a plane leaving the UK as the Queen and senior royals enjoyed the grand finale of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Sussexes are believed to have completed the 10,000 mile-round trip back to their home in Los Angeles an hour before royals appeared for one final time during the four-day event. As the Pageant got underway on Sunday (June 5) the couple with their two children, Archie, three, and Lillibet, one, had already driven away from Frogmore Cottage before jetting off the runway at Farnborough Airport at 1.30pm, according to The Sun. 