Sarah Beeny’s Little House, Big Plans visits small homes across the UK whose owners have elaborate plans for expansion. In tonight’s episode the show will visit a couple who have plans to double the size of their two-bedroom cottage in Wiltshire. Co-presenter Damion also visits a couple in Bristol, whose big plans were to build a sustainable home. When it comes to renovating property, there are several factors which need to be thought about, including costs. Sharing advice ahead of the show, Sarah shared the ‘common pitfalls’ she sees people falling into time and time again, whether it’s a big or small project. She said: “Probably being unrealistic about how much it will cost and how long it’ll take, particularly with your own home as you know you’re going to be there for a long time and so it’s easy to get carried away. “A project at home is also hard to complete and so I always think it’s a good idea to set yourself a deadline.” This includes a party or having someone to come and visit. READ MORE: When to deadhead lupins to 'prolong the display' Sarah added: “Without this there is a danger that you leave things 80 percent finished for 30 years and only actually finish it just before you move out.” Co-presenter Damion said common pitfalls he sees is people not looking for drainage points outside of the homes they want to renovate or extend. He said: “If you’re buying somewhere and, in your mind, you already want to do an extension or you want to move the bathrooms around. “The first thing that people never look for is where drainage points are outside so those boring manhole covers in the back of your garden, as soon as you start trying to build over them, that can really add onto your bills. DON'T MISS:Pests: ‘Natural deterrents’ to get rid of slugs and snails [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [INSIGHT]Microwave vs oven: Which appliance costs more to run? [VIDEO] “If you’ve got in your mind that you want the whole arrangement of the house upside down, then you’re looking at moving all of the soil stacks underneath the ground which costs even more.” Damion, who is an architect, also recommended looking at the house itself and asking certain questions. He said: “Are the doorways leaning to one side? “Are there signs of subsidence that you might not have picked up on that you’ll have to correct later? “Take a screwdriver along with you and take one of the sockets off the walls and just have a look and make sure that the wiring is up to date so that you’re not going to have a big rewiring bill on top of what you want to do.” Transforming a home can be expensive, not to mention unexpected costs which many people end up facing. Sarah said if you’re taking on a property that looks like it needs refurbishing, owners should “assume” they need to re-plum, rewire and reroof. This means people taking on a project should budget for those costs too. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The expert said: “If it hasn’t been done for the last 40 years, it might be ok, but likelihood is, it won’t. “Wiring regulations change all the time and it’s hard to tweak the wiring in a house. “Unless it has been done very recently, it’s probably cheaper to start again. “If the roof hasn’t been replaced in the last 100 years, again, it will probably need to be replaced from scratch.” Sarah Beeny’s Little House, Big Plans airs tonight at 8pm on Channel 4