Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo has reportedly 'been approached' by a third club in former side Sporting Lisbon after being heavily linked with both Chelsea and Bayern Munich. The Portuguese forward's agent Jorge Mendes is said to have touted his services to a number of Champions League clubs amid reports Ronaldo is unhappy with United's transfer activity. Ronaldo moved back to United for a second time last summer for a fee of around £20m after Juventus made him available for transfer. The star nabbed 18 goals in just 30 league games for the Red Devils although they missed out on Champions League football under Ralf Rangnick. Reports this week have claimed that Ronaldo is looking for a move away from the club with Bayern and Chelsea making enquiries about his availability - though the former have since denied they'll be signing him this summer. And now The Sun have claimed that Sporting Lisbon have also sounded out former star Ronaldo about a move despite United making it clear they have no plans to sell. The report, however, also states that Ronaldo has told new manager Erik ten Hag that he is ready to stay at the club and help initiate a rebuild. But despite the appointment of the Dutchman, he is disappointed by their lack of action in the transfer market so far. United are yet to sign a single player but are said to be closing in on Frenkie de Jong after making a breakthrough in £68million transfer talks with Barcelona. It emerged on Saturday night that Todd Boehly discussed the possibility of signing Ronaldo, who has not missed out on the Champions League since his first move to England as a teenager, in a meeting with his agent Mendes recently. Chelsea and Bayern are not the only clubs to be linked with him since a bombshell report in Portugal claimed he was open to leaving United, with ex-Roma star Fabio Petruzzi claiming Jose Mourinho wants to reunite with him at the Stadio Olimpico. It remains to be seen what will happen with Ronaldo this summer but the Portuguese star recently hinted he would be happy to stay after admitting he was happy to see Ten Hag join the club. "What I know about him is he did a fantastic job for Ajax, that he's an experienced coach," said Ronaldo. "But we need to give him time. Things need to change the way he wants. "I hope we have success, of course, because, if you have success, all of Manchester is going to have success as well. I wish him the best. "We are happy and excited, not only as players, but the supporters as well. I wish him the best and let's believe that, next year, we are going to win trophies."