Ever since they lost, another referendum has always been the Nationalists’ priority – though they have no legal power to call one – and in pursuing it they have  been happy to ignore the normal responsibilities of government. Everything plays second fiddle to their independence obsession. That’s why education, health, local services and the Scottish economy have been neglected or disastrously mismanaged under their watch. And it’s why a new  referendum is the last thing Scotland needs right now. Only a couple of weeks ago, the SNP’s Finance Secretary Kate Forbes came before the Scottish Parliament to admit a huge hole in her sums amounting to billions of pounds. The result was a series of savage real-term cuts to budgets that will undermine vital services, place a huge burden on hard-pressed families and cost an estimated 17,000 jobs. But in the midst of these figures – which saw Ms Forbes slashing or freezing funding for everything from the police and fire service to universities and roads – she could still find £20million for, you’ve guessed it, a referendum drive. As always, the SNP tried to blame the black hole in their finances on Westminster. If something goes well they try to take credit for it – regardless of whether it was their doing – and claim it just goes to show that Scotland should be independent. If anything’s going wrong, it’s the fault of the big, bad UK Government – even on a devolved issue. But the reality is, almost every area of spending and policy-making is already in their hands. And in their 15 years in power, almost everyone has been getting worse. Scotland’s NHS is on its knees. There’s a chronic shortage of permanent staff, hugely wasteful spending on agency workers and enormous waiting times for treatment. All of that is down to atrocious workforce planning in the NHS – which is fully devolved and their responsibility. In Scotland, we have the worst drugs-death rate in Europe, with the number of fatalities soaring under Nicola Sturgeon. The Scottish Conservatives have a Right to Recovery Bill that would tackle Scotland’s national shame by enshrining in law the right of everyone with an addiction problem to the treatment they need. But for some reason, the SNP is dithering rather than backing it. School results deteriorated to the point where the SNP pulled out of international comparison tables, and the educational attainment gap between rich and poor youngsters – which the First Minister claimed was her top priority – has worsened. That’s no one’s fault but her party’s. In transport, their record would be comical, if it weren’t ruining the lives of thousands who depend daily on ferries and trains. No sooner had the SNP nationalised ScotRail in April, than a pay dispute ensued with the train drivers’ union. A reduced timetable had to be introduced, making it almost impossible for many Scots to get a train in the evening or at the weekend, which in turn hit hospitality businesses. For Scotland’s island communities, ferries are a lifeline. They have been betrayed by the SNP Government, who ignored expert advice and handed the contract to build two desperately-needed vessels to a shipyard on the Clyde. The ferries were supposed to cost £97million – but that bill has soared to a quarter of a billion (and counting), and there’s still no sign of the ferries being delivered by the now-nationalised Ferguson Marine. We’re told they will be ready next year – a mere five years late – but many people believe even that is an optimistic target. Westminster had nothing to do with any of that. In fact, the block grant from the UK government is the highest it has ever been since devolution. On top of that, the SNP Government has the power to raise tax itself. Predictably, that’s exactly what it did, making Scotland the highest-taxed part of the UK. Despite all that revenue, and all the power to choose priorities that really matter to ordinary Scots – jobs, housing, transport, policing, health and social care, support during a global cost-of-living crisis – the SNP has run out of money. The Nationalists have chosen not to deal with people’s everyday concerns or use their considerable powers to improve Scotland. Instead, they have devoted their energy to fostering division. That is why the Scottish Conservatives will continue to tell Nicola Sturgeon to “give it a rest” in her drive for indyref2 and to focus on the priorities that really matter to people across Scotland.