The Glasgow North representative was found to have made unwanted sexual advances to a 19-year-old party worker. The MP, who was 36 at the time, made the drunken advances on the staffer in a pub at an SNP social event in 2016. He is said to have made the teenager uncomfortable by touching and stroking his neck, hair, and back. The Independent Expert Panel (IEP), which investigates allegations of sexual misconduct in Parliament, has recommended Mr Grady be suspended from the House of Commons for two days, make a public apology in the House of Commons, and separately also apologise to the victim. It said in its report: "An unwanted physical touching, with sexual intent, from a senior MP to a junior member of staff, even on a single occasion, is a significant breach of the policy. "It must be marked by some period of suspension from the House. READ MORE: Boris slams 'Labour SNP coalition' that risks rejoining EU  "However, for all the reasons we have set out, in this case it should be short, and will be somewhat shorter than it might have been by reference to the breaches of confidentiality by the complainant. "We consider that the respondent should be suspended for two sitting days from the House, and that neither day should be a Friday. "In addition, the respondent must make a full and unreserved apology to the House via a personal statement." The teenager who made the original complaint gave a number of media interviews shortly afterwards making the claim, which the IEP said had a significant role in reducing the recommended suspension. The panel said the age cap and power imbalance were important factors taken into account when determining the appropriate sanction. It added that Mr Grady had undergone training since the incident took place to learn about why the behaviour was inappropriate and that he appeared " genuinely remorseful" for his actions. DON'T MISS:Sturgeon squirms over referendum timeline -'Any more believable now!?' [WATCH]Sturgeon criticised for '16-fold' decline in Scottish NHS care [REACTION]Ian Blackford's SNP exploiting Boris crisis to secure indyref2 [UPDATE]  In an apology from the MP induced in the report, the Scot said: "I accept the findings of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards in full and without reservation. "I accept that my behaviour as described in Allegation 1 amounts to a breach of the Sexual Misconduct Policy for the UK Parliament, and I apologise for this without reservation. "I deeply regret my behaviour, and am very sorry for the distress and upset it has caused the complainant." MPs will approve Mr Grady's suspension from the House of Commons as a formality before it becomes into place.  The MP was a former frontbencher for the third largest party in Westminster. Mr Grady was forced to stand down as SNP chief whip when the allegations first emerged. It is understood Mr Grady has been placed on administrative suspension before the parliamentary group considers the report on Tuesday night. Mr Grady, who has been an MP since 2015, has been approached for comment. 