The Duchess, 40, hosted an event on the importance of early childhood development, attended by Health Secretary Sajid Javid, on Thursday. Kate called for mental and physical health education to be given equal priority to tackle today's "toughest social challenges". Royal fans took to social media to applaud the Duchess, with Twitter user Lady Ingrid simply stating: "Impeccable work." Fellow Twitter user Ray Parker chimed in: "She is the real deal." Brady 7 commented: "Catherine is a quiet worker but a very efficient one. "No wonder why [there is] all this support from so many organisations. Hard work and resilience pay off."  They added: "So proud of the Duchess of Cambridge, years of dedication and passion to this project." And fellow Twitter user Isabel C. Martens praised the Duchess, saying: "Great work HRH future Princess of Wales." During the event, the Duchess suggested addiction, self harm and suicide could be avoided in later life if children were taught to properly manage their emotions. Kate, who founded The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood last year, made the remarks in the discussion with health experts and politicians at the Royal Institution in Westminster.  READ MORE ABOUT MALTA'S PASSPORT U-TURN FOR BRITONS The Duchess, sitting opposite Minister for Children and Families Will Quince, said: "The importance of early years is clearly underestimated. "We know only a minority of people understand the critical importance of the first five years of a child's life and this is what we really do need to change. "If we can teach children to manage their emotions and feelings at a young age, it will help them avoid having to turn to addiction, self harm or suicide even in later life. "Together we have a huge opportunity here to help shape the future."  DON'T MISS: 'It'll kill tourism' Alarm at plans for huge estate on seafront [REVEALED] Mike Tindall branded Prince Harry a 'b*****d' at Palace party [LATEST] Royal Family: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK [REPORT] Earlier this year, Kate travelled to Denmark to learn how its education system promotes children's mental wellbeing. Mr Javid nodded as Kate spoke and made notes in a book with the motto "The first step is to take one" printed on the front. He admitted there is "definitely more to be done" on improving children's cognitive development. The Health Secretary said: "Early years couldn't be more important in terms of cognitive development, emotional, physical development.  "Because of the last two years and the impact of the pandemic... it's given us even more work to do." According to polling from Ipsos, commissioned by the royal foundation, almost half of the public believes there is not enough support for parents to help their children develop. It also found parents are much more likely to seek out help on physical rather than mental wellbeing. In the past year, 35 percent have looked for advice on child nutrition and 34 percent on vaccines.  This compares to just 21 percent and 23 percent on children's social and emotional development. Kate said: "If we break down the barriers and stigma surrounding mental health, more parents and families will be able to access help and support. "We're going to have to work holistically to build an ecosystem of early childhood support. "Ultimately, this is about the adults they'll become and the society they'll form." 