The Queen is increasingly delegating her royal duties to her eldest son and heir, Prince Charles, and this week he will represent her in Rwanda with other leaders from around the world at CHOGM. The meeting was postponed in 2020 and 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic, but this year the summit will finally take place in the Rwandan capital of Kigali. Prince Charles' trip will mark the first royal visit to Rwanda, and it is one of a handful of countries the Queen has never visited throughout her seven-decade reign. Charles will be joined by his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, as he was appointed the Queen's designated successor as head of the Commonwealth in 2018. The Queen has minimised travel abroad in recent years, and Charles also stood in for his mother at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Sri Lanka in 2013. In the run-up to the Rwandan conference, the future King praised how the Commonwealth can make a "profound difference" to people's lives.  READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles He said: "Taking shared responsibility to solve problems like these means the Commonwealth has the potential to make a profound difference in the lives of its citizens - and, in so doing, to be an unparalleled force for good in our world." Charles' trip to Rwanda encountered controversy before it even began over what was perceived to be a breach of impartiality. The future King faced criticism over claims he labelled the Government's policy of sending migrants to Rwanda "appalling". Home Secretary Priti Patel has pledged the policy will continue, even though the first planned flight was halted by European judges on human rights grounds.  The Times said a source had heard Charles express opposition to the Government's policy several times in private, and that he was "more than disappointed" by it. A spokesperson for Clarence House said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for government.” Charles will be joined by Prime Minister Boris Johnson at the meeting, which will focus on issues including climate change, economic development and supporting young people. Charles is expected to complete a full day of engagements on Wednesday.  DON'T MISS:William tries to lack ‘entitlement’ in birthday photos - unlike Queen [PICTURES]Eugenie and Beatrice's working royal future dashed [INSIGHT]Royal Family 'will be cut to just eight active members' under Charles [ANALYSIS] Charles' visit will include meetings with survivors and perpetrators of the Rwandan genocide, which devastated the country in the early 1990s and saw hundreds of thousands of Tutsi community members killed by Hutu extremists. Former Rwandan footballer Eric Murangwa has encouraged Charles to visit a church near the Rwandan capital where the remains of tens of thousands of genocide victims are buried. Mr Murangwa was awarded an MBE recognising his efforts of raising awareness of the genocide in Rwanda, an issue close to Charles' heart. After spending a few days in Rwanda, Charles and Camilla are expected to return to the UK at the weekend. 