The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have reportedly left LAX Airport with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. Harry and Meghan are joining the royals for the four-day bank holiday weekend in honour of the Queen's historic 70-year reign. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** It is not known if the Sussexes, who are living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020, have touched down in the UK yet. A source told Mail Online that they left the US last night and will land in London this afternoon after a 12-hour flight. The couple are set to stay at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage. Speculation had been high over whether Harry and Meghan would attend the Jubilee celebrations. Harry has been embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in Britain. The visit is the first time the Sussexes have returned to the UK with their children since Megxit. It is not known which parts of the four-day festivities Harry and Meghan will attend. The celebrations kick off on Thursday with the Trooping the Colour military spectacle. However, the Sussexes will not step out on Buckingham Palace's balcony to watch the flypast as the Queen has limited the moment to working royals only. They may join members of the Royal Family at a traditional service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in central London on Friday. Another event the couple could make an appearance at is the BBC's Party at the Palace on Saturday. The star-studded line-up set on three stages in front of Buckingham Palace will entertain a live crowd of 22,000 and a television audience of millions. Saturday is also the first birthday of Harry and Meghan's daughter Lilibet and the tot is likely to see her namesake great-grandmother. The finale on Sunday is the Jubilee Pageant through the streets of London.  It is hoped the monarch will make a final appearance on the Palace balcony to round off the bumper weekend. Harry and Meghan's return comes as a new poll shows their popularity has sunk to a record low. Nearly two thirds of Britons - 63 percent - hold a negative view of the couple, according to the YouGov survey on the favourability of members of the Royal Family. 