The Duke of Cambridge appeared to lovingly offer Princess Charlotte some comforting words during the Platinum Pageant at Buckingham Palace last Sunday after the seven-year-old suffered a moment of weariness. Prince William was spotted whispering into his daughter's ear as he brushed a hair braid off her shoulder.  Princess Charlotte appeared to grow tired as she watched the performances alongside her brothers George, 8, and Louis, 4. A slightly crestfallen Charlotte could be seen looking down at the ground and rubbing her eyes. Fortunately, the Duke of Cambridge was on his hands to provide a fatherly pep talk which appeared to revive the young royal. Seemingly reassured by her father's words of encouragement, Princess Charlotte could be seen nodding her head in agreement. Princess Charlotte and Prince George sat in the front row of the royal box between their parents, clapping along to Queen + Adam Lambert's performance of Don't Stop Me Now, as the youngsters stayed up late to make a surprise appearance. The Windsors - as many as 40 of them out in force - joined in whole-heartedly with the chorus during Sir Rod Stewart's rendition of the hit anthem Sweet Caroline as the words were projected onto the screen, with eight-year-old George belting out a "bom, bom, bom" perfectly in time. The Duchess of Cornwall enthusiastically waved her union flag up high, as the Prince of Wales moved his decisively to the beat. Charlotte was at one point seen reading a programme and tapping her mother on the elbow, while at times Kate bopped up and down to the music. Mobile card readers have increasingly been used by homeless citizens as the number of people carrying cash in Britain has sunk over the past few years. William's office declined to comment on the report. Prince William, his wife Kate and the rest of Britain's royal family recently celebrated the Platinum Jubilee, marking Queen Elizabeth's 70-year reign, with four days of festivities. As children, William and his brother Harry were taken on visits to homeless shelters by their mother, the late Princess Diana, as part of her charity work. DON'T MISS: GB News panellist slams Meghan-bashing for going too far [VIDEO]Victoria Derbyshire gets 'emotional' over Queen's Paddington Bear skit [REACTION]Jubilee LIVE: 'How sad for Meghan and Harry' Duke and Duchess miss out [LIVE BLOG] It comes as Prince William was spotted on the streets of London this week, selling copies of the "Big Issue" magazine, a title that is normally sold by the homeless. Wearing the company's red cap and vest, William was seen near Westminster on Wednesday selling the magazine, which offers homeless individuals the opportunity to earn an income through its sale to the public. In a LinkedIn post with a photograph of William, Matthew Gardner, a retired chief superintendent, said his brother-in-law had spotted Prince William, 39, and enjoyed a "private moment with our future King who was humble and working quietly in the background, helping the most needy". "The finale to this unique occasion was when Prince William asked my brother-in-law if he wanted to buy the 'Big Issue', to which he replied "I have no change". At this point William produced a mobile card machine. You cannot teach that."