The latest Auto Trader data reveals not only was electric the fastest fuel type to sell during the month, but seven out of the top 10 fastest used cars were powered by electricity. EVs took an average of just 27 days to sell during June, compared to 33 and 35 days for used petrol and diesel cars respectively, reported Car Dealer Magazine. The Mini Electric, Tesla Model 3, MG5 and the Hyundai Ioniq 5 all shared June’s top spot, each taking an average of just 24 days to sell, ahead of the current national average of 31 days. Only three traditionally fuelled cars made it onto Auto Trader’s list, but in contrast with this time last year, none were diesel powered. In June 2021, seven of the top ten were diesel, two were petrol, and one was a petrol hybrid – not one pure EV made it onto the list. READ MORE: London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers The highest ranked EV in June 2021, was a Kia e-Niro, which came in at number 86. Auto Trader said the data is in-line with what it’s seeing on its marketplace. Last week saw demand for EVs increase 65 percent on the same period last year, versus a 22 percent and 29 percent decline for petrol and diesel respectively. The end of the year saw the pricey Tesla Model 3 emerge as the best-selling car in the country. DON'T MISSDrivers warned as all new EV chargers must be ‘smart' from today [IMPORTANT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [INSIGHT]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [SHOCKING] The data also shows the volume of nearly-new cars (those less than 12 months old) in the market has fallen 53 per cent in June versus this time last year. This is the lowest of any other age of cars by some distance, said Auto Trader. That meant all but two of the current top 10 fell within this age group, quickly snapped up by desperate would-be-new buyers. Richard Walker, Auto Trader’s director of data and insights, said: ‘The data highlights just how fast the electric market has moved on since last year. "Fuelled by greater choice, better range, and more awareness, electric vehicles are now very much in the public consciousness. “And with no end in sight of the rocketing fuel prices, for those that can afford the “green premium”, making the switch has never been more appealing, especially as we calculate the average EV driver can save around £176 per 1,000 miles using a home charger. “Clearly there is a real growing opportunity here for retailers in not just the new car market, but the used too.” According to new data from Tradesure Insurance, 82 percent of all car sales in 2021 were used vehicles. The research found that more than 7.5 million used cars were sold last year, compared to just 1.6 million new cars. Andy McDonald, Underwriting and Product Development Manager at the company, commented on the patterns of used car sales. He said: "The used car market is absolutely booming right now and isn't showing signs of slowing down. “The good news is that a decent second-hand car, well looked after, can stand you in good stead for years to come and not break the bank or depreciate steeply like a new motor.”