Designing a bedroom can be hard, with lots of colours and furniture pieces to choose from. With many more looking to add a touch of luxury to their bedrooms, experts have recommended choosing particular colours and furnishings. Nic Shacklock, Head of Marketing at Online Bedrooms, said: “Who doesn’t love a bit of luxury in the bedroom? Our tips will help homeowners create a more luxurious feel without having to spend a fortune. “Simple changes like altering the colour scheme can make a huge difference as can upgrading your bedding with some beautiful throws, blankets and fluffy cushions. “We’ve all spent so much time in our homes and gardens over the last couple of years so it’s always good to give them a refresh and add a little hint of luxury.” With more people working from home than ever, the bedroom is said to become a much more personal space. To help upgrade it without breaking the bank, the experts at Online Bedrooms recommended carefully choosing the colour scheme and creating a panel wall. READ MORE: 'Cheap & gets stain every time': Mrs Hinch fans share 'amazing' tip They said: “Picking the right shades for the bedroom can be a challenge but picking neutrals and vibrant colours can work if combined correctly. “Shades of grey and an aegean blue together can create a contemporary, chic space. “Wood panelling is making a comeback, with designers across the world endorsing the use of them in their opulent creations. “Placing a panel wall behind the bed can transform an interior space. DON'T MISS:‘Natural solution’ for ‘fighting grease’ in the kitchen - and it’s 19p [COMMENT]Use cinnamon method to ‘kill’ houseplant pests including gnats [EXPERT]How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials [INSIGHT] “Dark greys, teal and emerald glades are favoured to change a home from featureless to a standout.” Matching bedroom furniture including wardrobes to the theme of the room can also help to make it more luxurious. The experts explained: “Fitting a sliding door wardrobe or a fitted one adds practical elements to the room. “It can be easy to get carried away with placements so when designing a room, make sure it’s accessible, yet out of the way and matches the shades of the bedroom. “Also add the little luxury touches. “The finishing touches can upscale an average bedroom to a break-taking place. “Making simple changes such as having a selection of books angled on the bedside table, or art pieces on walls which help influence the resting place of your dreams.” Adding in soft furnishings such as blankets and fluffy pillows can also help to make a room cosy and luxurious. According to the experts, even adding a patterned throw to match the duvet sets can create a “dynamic change”. They continued: “It’s not just the bed which stands out, it’s the surrounding placements beside it. “Adding a rug which fits into both colour scheme and overall style can add wonders to the bedroom. “A taupe grey style, or a shore tarkali ocean blue placed between the bed and wardrobe can combine all elements of the room together.” Homeowners can also add bedside lamps as well as a small sofa to create a fresh, sleek environment.