Cherylee Houston, who plays Izzy Armstrong on the ITV soap, revealed she would "love to play a murderer" at The British Soap Awards on Saturday. The actress arrived on Coronation Street in 2010 and no one has suspected her of having an evil streak. However, could the character be hiding a dark secret? The 47-year-old star said: “I love playing Izzy – and I always want to play Izzy. “But I’d love to play a murderer! I’d love to be a really bad baddie.” Since landing a role in the ITV soap, Izzy has been at the centre of storylines about being a single mother - but is her murderous secret about to be exposed? Away from the show, the actress, who has a rare connective tissue disorder called Ehlers-Danlos, has received an MBE for services to drama with people with disabilities. READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser Melissa Johns, her former co-star who portrayed Imogen Pascoe was born without a hand and right forearm. She and Cherylee founded TripleC, an organisation which supports disabled people in accessing the performing arts. They have been celebrating their accolade for the BAFTA TV Craft Special Award for their efforts. Sara Putt, deputy chair of BAFTA, said: “Cherylee and Melissa have used their platform for deaf, disabled and/ or neuro-divergent creatives in the arts and have gone above and beyond to improve access, opportunities, and representation.”  Melissa and TripleC friends Laurence Clark and Monique Jarrett received the award. Cherylee added: “I was watching at home (dressed in a ballgown naturally!). “But I was in tears seeing Melissa, Mo and Lawrence on that stage and what that represented and what they were saying and the room’s response was to that as well, because we’ve never had that at BAFTA. "To have three very talented disabled people on stage talking about the fact of representation and demonstrating what that looks like." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Max Turner to embark on murderous rampage  [LATEST]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [UPDATE]Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass' exit sealed in murder twist [THEORY] Reflecting on the heartwarming moment, she exclaimed: "That was huge.” Melissa added: “When you enter this industry as somebody deaf or disabled, and/or neuro-divergent you can just feel like you’re the only one. “This industry is quite lonely anyway, we get so many knockbacks and you just have to keep pushing and pushing, regardless of being from an under-represented group. “When you don’t see yourself reflected and there aren’t as many people in your community, it can feel incredibly isolating.”  Cherylee has spoken out in the past about having no choice but to audition for roles in car parks and in the street because of the lack of disabled access. However, she stressed Coronation Street bosses have made filming easy for her. Cherylee explained: "The Coronation Street set is fully accessible with a route around it that is step and cobble-free.” Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm. 