The monthly draw also consists of two prizes worth £25,000, five prizes of £10,000 and 8,000 prizes of £100. To be entered into the draw, all a person needs to be is a member of Nationwide with a mortgage, current account, or personal savings or business savings account if they are a sole trader, partnership, or unincorporated body such as a club or voluntary group. However, other products such as personal loans, credit cards, investments, insurance policies, or business savings accounts if they're a company, charity or trustee are not eligible for the prize draw. The building society automatically enters all members into the draw who are over 18 and are a resident in England, Scotland and Wales. Members also have the opportunity to opt out if they want to. The prize draw is on the second Tuesday of the month with the next draw happening tomorrow. Nationwide will contact all 8,008 winners and will give people 21 days after being told to decided whether they would like to receive the payment. It will then be paid directly into the winners Nationwide savings or current account. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak’s cost of living support ‘will have virtually no effect on those struggling’ The prize draw was launched in September 2021 and will continue to August 2022. Nationwide shared the story of one man who was the first of the £100,000 winners on its website. He said: "I got an email and a letter from Nationwide asking me to go to my local branch as they had some good news for me. Before I had a chance to get down there, two of the managers knocked on my door. "I started freaking out, wondering why they were there, then they told me I'd won £100,000. I almost fell out my flat door!  "They explained everything and asked me to go to the branch the next day to let them know I'd like to accept the money and that they'd pay it into my account. These things never happen in real life!" The unnamed winner told Nationwide that he had given £10,000 to his sister and treated his nephew. He also shared some of the cash with his friends. He added: "I didn't do anything to deserve this money, so why not pay a little bit forward? Money's cool, but being able to do stuff for people who care about you is priceless." Nationwide also shared the story of Charles who won £10,000 in the October draw last year. Charles shared some of his winnings with his family too. He also treated his workplace to pizza to celebrate the win as he found out the good news whilst he was there. Charles said: "'I told my partner and she didn't think it was true. I went to take money out of the cash machine to pay the rent, and then I took some more and then I took out a bit more. "It was true! The money was in and I was shaking, really shaking. I was so excited I couldn't ride my bike home. For the first I was not going to have to borrow for Christmas. I am so lucky." Nationwide was not able to launch the service in Northern Ireland due to the country's local gambling laws. The building society instead launched the Northern Ireland Community Fund stating that it "wanted to give back to the communities [its customers] worked in". The fund, with the help of the fund partner The Community Foundation, offered grants of up to £5,000 out of a total £335,000 to to the charities. Nationwide chose 72 charities across the five regions in Northern Ireland that worked in mental health, children, and community services. Nationwide said it believed that 31,000 people would benefit from the funding.