The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were absent from much of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations as they were reportedly “babysitting” other royal children at Frogmore Cottage. The couple did not attend any of the bank holiday events on Saturday as they celebrated the first birthday of their youngest child, Lilibet. Reporters from Australian network 7 News speculated that Prince Harry and Meghan had been left looking after some of the younger members of the royal family, in particular the three children of Zara and Mike Tindall. Presenter Monique Wright said: “Notably absent from the parade today, Harry and Meghan who have really stuck to the script over the weekend.”    She continued: “They’ve kept this very low profile. “The papers here are reporting that their daughter Lilibet did celebrate her first birthday at Frogmore House, which is their home here in the UK. “They were with their second cousins, so Zara and Mike Tindall’s children, their first cousins, George, Charlotte and Louis, were here on royal duties - I really do wonder who had a better time.” Another host, David Koch, added: “So Mike Tindall was there, so Meghan and Harry were babysitting his kids?”  Prince Harry and Meghan had travelled to the UK, accompanied by their two young children, to celebrate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. While Archie and Lilibet did not make any public appearances, Meghan and Harry were pictured watching from the sidelines during Thursday’s Trooping of the Colour. The Duke and Duchess also appeared at the Friday Thanksgiving service but were not notably present at events on either Saturday or Sunday, as the celebrations drew to a close. The couple reportedly held a small private celebration in Windsor for the first birthday of their daughter on Saturday. Read more: Owen Jones hits out at Royals despite Jubilee joy Zara and Mike Tindall, alongside other members of the Royal Family, were present at Saturday’s Epsom Derby. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge made a surprise trip to Wales to visit Cardiff Castile and observe Welsh Platinum Jubilee preparations. The couple were accompanied by their two elder children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The Tindall’s children are suggested to have been at Frogmore Cottage as they joined their second cousin’s birthday celebrations while Prince George and Princess Charlotte continued their weekend of royal appearances. Don't miss: Queen 'fought back tears' in moving end to Jubilee [REVEAL]Britons rush to defend Louis as Royal sensationally criticised [INSIGHT]Harry looks pensive as he and Meghan touch down in California hours... [REPORT] There had been considerable concern that Prince Harry and Meghan’s arrival in the UK could have drawn attention from the Queen during her Jubilee ceremonies. However, it appears the couple headed royal advice and kept a relatively low profile over the weekend, attending key events and often appearing to shy away from media glare. It has been suggested this was a deliberate move by the couple in an attempt to minimise media fallout as they returned to the UK publicly for the first time in over two years.  