Plans from new EastEnders executive producer Chris Clenshaw have seen a major shake-up of the BBC soap, and it was announced recently that several characters would be leaving the soap. Among these is teenager Dana, who only arrived in Walford last year. Actress Barbara has spoken out about the BBC decision, commenting Dana will get "the happy ending she deserves". Speculating about Dana's exit, the 24-year-old said she was "excited" to see what would happen. She remarked: "I feel that Dana is definitely getting the send-off that she deserves." She explained it was time for the character to "spread her wings". Speaking to Digital Spy, she added: "She's a teenager at that age, so I think it really makes sense for the character and that's all I was ever there to do. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen "I think she will definitely get the happy ending she deserves." Dana arrived last year as the daughter of Harvey Monroe (played by Ross Boatman). Despite having been in the soap for just over a year, the character has explored some big storylines. Her brother Aaron Monroe (Charlie Wernham) was at the centre of a far-right terror plot which shook the Square. Dana was torn between loyalty to her family and wanting to do the right thing. Another aspect of Dana's character has been her relationship with youngster Bobby Beale (Clay Milner Russell). The two became close after working together and went through several ups and downs. Dana found out the truth about Bobby's dark past but was eventually able to see past his mistakes and the two were very much in love. DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop's Jay explains why he can't pick 'favourite repair' [EXCLUSIVE]BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Carol Kirkwood [VIDEO]BBC defends coverage of Johnny Depp and Amber Heard defamation trial [LATEST] However, the couple split earlier this year following Aaron's arrest after his involvement in the far-right plot proved too much for the couple to come back from. Currently, Dana is set to shake things up between Bobby and his brother Peter Beale (Dayle Hudson). It seems she has her eye on the older Beale brother despite admitting she still loves Bobby. Speaking about this to the publication, she admitted: "Tensions are going to rise." Others confirmed to be leaving EastEnders include Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold), Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ), Peter Beale and Jada Lennox (Kelsey Calladine-Smith). Meanwhile, Barbara's on-screen father Ross proved his character's popularity after winning Best Newcomer at last week's British Soap Awards. In his speech, the actor stated: "I've been waiting for this for years!" He added: "I love my job, I love the people, I love coming into work, I've had the best year." EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.