Yet now that one of your successors is under acute pressure, you add to it by calling for him to go. Ditto, you, Michael Howard. What election did you ever win? Everybody knew the Conservative Party was going to lose the by-elections. All that mattered was how the generals and troops reacted and as is now the usual pattern, they reacted with panic, disarray and assassins’ daggers. If this lot had been in charge during the Second World War they would have given up at Dunkirk. The challenge for Boris is now twofold. First, if he wants to consolidate “getting Brexit done” he should implement some Brexit policies of the kind which will ensure that voters will never want to water them down. The obvious example is taking full advantage of our right to set our own VAT rules and to begin by abolishing VAT on fuel. He hints that may happen but nobody is enthused by delay. All his vacillation is doing is encouraging disgruntled Remoaners to dream of a Remain PM taking us back towards the EU. In that context shame on you, Andrew Bridgen, and you, Steve Baker. You condemn Boris but with no guarantee at all of making sure he is succeeded by a committed Brexiteer. Who exactly is your candidate? Tory voters want Tory policies but what they are getting instead is a high tax, high spend economy, hatred of grammar schools, oppressive state regulation, steadily increasing illegal immigration and kow-towing to the ECHR. For pity’s sake, Boris, what is the point of the largest Tory majority in over 30 years? Meanwhile the crazed antics of the Tories are drawing attention away from the much deeper divisions in the Labour Party. How wonderful that the Queen is riding again at Windsor and how good to see her receiving visitors without a stick. Critics need to check the fact Prince Charles is being castigated for accepting donations in cash for his charities from a mega-rich sheikh. It is reported that the bags of money were passed at once to aides who then had the task of passing it to the charities. Er... What is the problem? I doubt very much if the Prime Minister’s position appeared on the agenda of the Commonwealth conference in Rwanda. Yet when I tuned into the BBC news at 6pm, that was all I heard about. So, do I presume that nothing was discussed of any importance that day? Underlining principles on abortion despite all the uproar, all that the overturning of Roe v Wade in America has done is to assert the principle which underlines abortion law across the West: that there is no automatic right to an abortion. What most countries do is to prescribe the circumstances in which it is lawful and there is no overriding right which trumps those circumstances. For example, “social” abortions in Italy are allowed within the first 90 days of pregnancy and here within the first 24 weeks. Beyond such points the restrictions grow tighter in recognition that “the right to choose” does not mean the right to kill a recognisable human being, that there are two lives, two bodies involved. We often tease Americans about their insularity, the focus of their news programmes being always the USA, and their lack of curiosity about what is happening elsewhere. Yet sometimes I think it is a case of the pot calling the kettle black. Anybody watching the average news bulletin on British television could be forgiven for thinking that airport chaos and inflation are unique to us (and by extension, the fault of our government or of Brexit). Yet the scenes at Heathrow are replicated in Stockholm, Dublin and Amsterdam. As for inflation, it is in double digits in a fifth of OECD countries. We have had a global pandemic and now a war in Ukraine. Do we really think that has no impact?