Achieving a spotlessly clean kitchen comes down to many factors, but knowing how to clean a glass oven door is one that should never be overlooked. Whilst your floors and countertops have an obvious impact on your space, this small window is surprisingly impactful when it comes to the overall scheme. Thankfully, knowing how to clean an oven door streak-free is simple. The cleaning process begins with ingredients homeowners may already have in their cupboard – and this method is entirely expert-approved. Cleaning expert Ray Brosnan said: “There is an extremely efficient and easy to clean oven doors that not many people know about. “All you need is some white vinegar, baking soda, and window cleaner.” The first step of the process involves combining baking soda and white vinegar. READ MORE: Oven cleaning: How to clean oven glass for ‘sparkly’ results - ‘quick’ Ray explained that glass oven doors are one of the best things you can clean with vinegar – the second ingredient needed in the technique. The expert recommended opening the oven door and sprinkling some baking soda on the glass before following it up with “some spritzes of white vinegar”. White vinegar can be purchased for as little as 29p from Tesco. Vinegar is an acid, which makes it great at breaking down limescale and polishing objects. DON'T MISS: Why you should avoid killing ivy plants - ‘protects your building’ [EXPERT]‘Best time of day’ to water your grass - signs lawns need watering [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas not blooming? How to ensure ‘vigorous growth’ [TIPS] It has antibacterial properties so it can get rid of some nasty germs on surfaces. Baking soda can be picked up from supermarkets such as Lidl for 59p and Asda for 65p. Baking soda is an alkaline, making it useful in situations where you want to neutralise a bad acidic smell, get rid of a stain caused by an acid, or absorb and get rid of dirt and grime from carpets or mattresses. The next step is to leave the mixture to soak the grease and grime so that it can easily be wiped away. After applying the baking soda and white vinegar to the glass, the expert explains that Britons should let it soak for 15 to 20 minutes. However, it can be left for longer if the grease and grime is particularly bedded onto the glass. Ray continued: “Once the time has passed, simply scrub with a soft sponge and then wipe everything [away].” Cleaning expert Phi Dang from Sidepost added that the door should be rinsed with clean water to “wash away the loosened residue”. The process of cleaning the glass on your oven door is similar to knowing how to clean a window It concludes with a commercial window cleaner. To guarantee a professional shine, both experts suggest using a few squirts of window cleaner and a paper towel. They explained that this will leave homeowners with a “streak-free finish” that is “completely spotless”.