Last year's Bond 25 was the climax of a five-film story arc that gave the character his first-ever complete through storyline. It also left the character blown to smithereens in the middle of the ocean. The dramatic ending was part of the campaign to 'modernise' the British spy by giving him a complex and full inner life – and the ability to believe in his own happiness as well as that of others. Not everyone was convinced, including our own three-star review below. Higson has written five best-selling Bond novels and spoke out over the weekend about how the "boring" film franchise has lost everything that made the original books and character so iconic and beloved. Higson catapulted to fame in The Fast Show with Harry Enfield and Paul Whitehouse. As well as starring on screen, he also wrote the sketches, alongside his co-stars. A move into novels resulted in the Young Bond series, starting with 2005's SilverFin. Speaking at the Chalke Valley History Festival, he said: "Bond is a fantasy, he's got no wife, no kids, you rarely see him at home, he lives in hotels, eats in restaurants, sleeps with as many women as he wants and gets to kill people. "It's the best job in the world. You never see him mowing his lawn, washing his car or asking his bank manager for a loan. He's one guy on a mission." It's hard to imagine Sean Connery's Bond pausing for reflection let alone worrying about societal norms, or Roger Moore's incarnation grappling with modern sexual politics (and childcare.) Higson pointed out that creator Ian Fleming's Bond is actually an escape from reality: "You don't have to worry about a back story or any boring discussions with his girlfriend. Which is why I absolutely hate 'No Time To Die'. They put in all the boring stuff you don't want." And he has a very simple solution to how it all could have been fixed from the start. DON'T MISSJohnny Depp 'to return' to Pirates of the Caribbean with 'Disney deal'Bohemian Rhapsody: Freddie Mercury sister's ‘bizarre' reaction to Rami MalekFreddie Mercury's 'terrible' battle with fellow music legend Higson added: "The start of the film is great – he's really in a flash car, having a car chase around Matera. But he's got his girlfriend with him and they're having a row. What kind of fantasy is that? Find the ejector seat button, get rid of her and have an adventure." Instead, Craig's secret agent discovered he had a daughter with Madeleine Swann (Lea Seydoux) and ultimately sacrificed himself to save them. Higson revealed he much preferred the action in his favourite Bond novel, From Russia With Love although he admitted it would see the character "cancelled" in today's world. He said: "There are unfortunately some quite dodgy sequences about women which in today's age would have got him instantly cancelled. But as a piece of writing, as a well-written, punchy story, it's really good." As for the future of Her Majesty's secret agent, producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson are about to start the casting for the next James Bond. While there will definitely be no return to the classic Bond behaviour (and categorically no female Bond), Broccoli has confirmed it may be time for a new direction: "It’s a big decision. It’s not just casting a role. It’s about a whole rethink about where we’re going."