Kate Middleton is a style icon, but does she take inspiration from another royal woman? In May 2019 she stepped out in a striking floral dress - but this was not the first time royal fans had seen it. The Duchess of Cambridge stepped out at the 2019 RHS Chelsea Flower Show on May 20, 2019. She wore an ankle-length Erdem dress. This was predominantly white but was covered in black, violet and yellow flowers. The floral number also boasted some white lace on the collar, bodice and arms. READ MORE: Meghan Markle & Sophie Wessex match in red 10 years apart - pictures A strip of lace across the middle also cinched in the Duchess' tiny waist. The sleeves of the dress were three-quarter length. Kate added a camel pair of Stuart Weitzman espadrille wedges. These casual shoes added a boho element to the royal look. She accessorised with a silver Cartier watch and pearl flower earrings. As always, her statement accessory was her sapphire engagement ring from Princess Diana. Makeup wise, the naturally radiant Duchess opted for a minimal look, with a sweep of blush, dark eyes and pale pink lips. She wore her hair in a half up-half down style with some pieces twisted behind her head. READ MORE: Meghan Markle says 'goodbye to royal rules' with controversial look But while Kate did look marvellous in the number, this wasn't the first time the Erdem dress made an appearance. Just a few weeks prior, on April 18, 2019, Princess Eugenie attended Windsor's traditional Royal Maundy Service at St George's Chapel. The dress was white, decorated with the same colour flowers and had a frilly collar. The striking difference between hers and Kate's dress was that Eugenie's was far shorter, falling just above the knee. This unveiled her enviable legs. As for the finishing touches of the look, the royal accessorised with a navy headband, navy suede pumps and dark eye makeup. It appears that like Kate, the Princess opted for a half-up, half-down do as well. But interestingly, it was neither Kate nor Eugenie who gave this fabulous Erdem dress its royal debut. Katharine, Duchess of Kent, attended the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in 2018 wearing the longer version of the dress - the one that Kate later wore. The then 85-year-old paired this with a purple and yellow fascinator, a string of pearls and white trainers.