I even wrote some of those headlines myself. In March, I reported that pensioners were set to get the biggest pay rise ever, leaving Sunak facing a huge pension decision. Now he has made that decision, and it's the right one. Sunak will pass on the triple lock increase in full, even though it is likely to top 10 percent as inflation rockets. This is terrific news. The new State Pension currently pays £185.15 a week to those who retired after April 5, 2016, which adds up to £9,627.80 a year. They could be on course to get £10,600 a year from April 2023, which should help their income keep pace with prices. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could be eligible for an extra £156 each week Assuming they get the full amount, that is. Not everybody does. There's another catch, as there always is with the State Pension. Those who retired before April 6, 2016 on the old basic State Pension currently get a maximum income of £7,376.20 a year. If inflation hits 10 per cent in September that will increase to just £8,113.82 from next April, well below the new State Pension. So instead of getting a headline-grabbing rise of £1,000 next year, they will get a rather less eye-catching £737.62. No wonder many feel aggrieved. Whenever we write articles on the subject, readers on the old State Pension express their frustration. As one Express.co.uk reader recently said, having two pensions is intrinsically unfair. Older pensioners face exactly “the same outgoings, energy increases and food prices”. Yet they get less income from the state. The new so-called flat-rate State Pension was designed to bring greater fairness, especially to women. It has done that to a degree. Women get £164.74 a week in State Pension on average, up from £145.87 under the old regime, official figures show. Men do worse, but only slightly. They get £170.50 a week under the new state pension, down from £172.64 under the old one. So why the difference? Some workers on the basic State Pension contracted out of the additional state pension and paid lower National Insurance (NI) contributions as a result. This means they get less additional state pension but should hopefully get a higher private pension to compensate. Others failed to make sufficient qualifying National Insurance (NI) contributions, and got a reduced income. Originally, men needed to make 44 years and women 39 years, although this was cut back to 30 from 2010. Some women got next to nothing because they were relying on their husband, but death or divorce wrecked their plans. Which all means we have ended up with a pool of people who feel short changed every time they see headlines about a pay rise they aren’t going to get. Instead of bringing clarity, having two State Pension systems has brought confusion and resentment, and it’s only going to get worse. With each year, the gap between the two pensions will widen, as both grow by the same percentage but from a different starting point. Next April’s record hike will bring this into even sharper focus. This could cause even more bitterness, even if the government claims the new State Pension has made the system fairer overall. It doesn’t feel fairer to those at the sharp end.