The Princess was attending the Big Jubilee Lunch in London with her sister Princess Eugenie when she had a sweet interaction with a member of the public. The moment was shared on TikTok by user royalfamilyfanpage5 and has received 170,000 likes and been viewed over 2.2 million times.  In the video the woman asks Beatrice: “Who are you?” Beatrice then responds: “My name’s Beatrice and the Queen is my granny.” The woman then continues: “You’re one of the royalties? Which relation are you?” Beatrice takes the woman by the hand while she answers: “Yes, she’s my granny.”  When asked “Oh, aren’t you lucky?”, the Princess replies, “yes, she’s my granny. I’m very very lucky.” This is not the first time that Princess Beatrice has heaped praise on her grandmother, who celebrates 70 years on the throne this year. Speaking to Hello! Magazine in 2017 she said: “I find my grandmother inspiring every day because her overwhelming sense of duty is linked with an overwhelming curiosity.  READ MORE: Most talked about royal following Jubilee weekend revealed “Every day she's curious to learn something new, to do something new.” When she got married in 2020 Beatrice wore a wedding dress loaned to her by the Queen from her royal personal archive. The gown was 1960s couture made by Sir Norman Hartnell made of white silk with crystal embellishments.  DON'T MISS:Russia stole ‘600k tonnes of grain’ from occupied Ukraine territory [LATEST]Mike Tindall lays bare why Royal Family wanted to flee pageant [INSIGHT]GB News: Dan Wootton fumes as June rail strike to 'wipe out' [SPOTLIGHT] Beatrice also stunned in the diamond fringe tiara worn by the Queen to her own wedding to Prince Philip in 1947. She wrote on Twitter: “It was an honour to wear my grandmother’s beautiful dress on my wedding day.” The Princess married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi in July 2020, in a ceremony with a limited number of guests due to the COVID-19 pandemic. She gave birth to their daughter Sienna Elizabeth in September 2021 and is also now a stepmother to her husband’s son Christopher Woolf from a previous relationship. 