Newcastle sporting director Dan Ashworth has reportedly made it a top priority to bring in a new right winger this summer with two names on his wishlist. The Magpies flexed their new financial muscle in the January market when they brought in the likes of Kieran Trippier, Chris Wood and Bruno Guimaraes. The latter deal was proof of Newcastle's pulling power despite their battle against relegation at the time. Eddie Howe ended up steering Newcastle to safety with ease towards the end of the season as they won six of their final eight league matches. The former Bournemouth boss is now expected to be heavily backed in the summer market to help push the club further up the table next season. Big changes are expected with a new striker being linked along with defensive recruits. But Sky Sports claim that signing a right winger is also a top priority for Newcastle's new sporting director. Ashworth was confirmed as Newcastle's sporting director last week and the former Brighton chief has now begun planning for the summer window. JUST IN: Newcastle ready to launch 'monster offer' as Arsenal pull out of race  It is claimed that two players are of interest to Newcastle to fill in on the right wing. Bayer Leverkusen star Moussa Diaby is of strong interest to the Magpies while Watford's Ismaila Sarr is also an option. Diaby is regarded as one of the best young talents in the Bundesliga and his performances for Leverkusen saw him earn his first call to France's senior squad in August last year. The Frenchman still has three years left on his current contract though and Leverkusen will unlikely let him leave for cheap. DON'T MISS  Newcastle will also face strong competition for his signature with the likes of Manchester United and Tottenham also linked with a move for Diaby. With Watford being relegated to the Championship, Sarr is expected to force through a move this summer. The Senegal international was strongly linked with a move to Liverpool last summer, but the Anfield outfit opted against making a move. But it is reported that Watford will 'consider sensible offers' this summer with Sarr seemingly keen to stay in the Premier League. Miguel Almiron has been Newcastle's first-choice on the right wing under Howe, but he's struggled for goals. The 28-year-old scored just once in 32 appearances last season and Newcastle will need more from their forwards to avoid another relegation battle next term.