Families across the UK are dealing with the cost of living crisis which is being exacerbated by soaring inflation and energy bills. However, new research suggests that smart meters are “key to making savings” during this crisis and prices continue to skyrocket. Recently, Uswitch reported that smart meters can save households upwards of £130 a year on their bills. Energy bills are forecast to go up by £693 annually due to the price cap rise with further price hikes expected towards the end of the year. Recently, the head of Ofgem warned a committee of MPs that the price cap could reach as high as £2,800 by October of this year. In light of this, experts are encouraging people to use a smart meter to keep informed about their energy consumption and expenditure. By using a smart meter, households and energy companies are able to keep track of how much consumers are wasting on gas and electricity. READ MORE: 'I didn't eat for a week!' Mum of three devastated after losing £4,000 in bank scam Said meters measure energy use and include an in-home display which can be read easily at home. Energy companies are updated at the same time as the consumer as to how much their bills have gone up by. New research carried out by Loop found that the average household in the UK is at risk of spending £270 a month on cooling devices. After the recent bill hike, the cost of keeping cool every month is £76 higher than before the price cap rose earlier this year.  As well as this, the savings app found that for a family of four, who each use a 40w fan in their room at night instead of an air conditioning unit, would add an extra £11 per month to their energy bill. Furthermore, using an extra fridge in summer to cool drinks and food cool over the three-month period could add an additional £25. Despite families not having to put the heating on in summer, they could still see their energy bills go up £9 a day by using cooling devices, according to Loop. Steve Buckley, the head of data science at Loop, shared how monitoring energy usage via smart meters is the “key to making savings”. Mr Buckley said: “As we see the first patch of warm weather, many of us will be looking for ways to stay cool, but it’s important to consider how much some of this equipment could be adding to your bills. “At first glance, these costs may not seem that high on an hourly basis, but they can really add up if you’ve got a few devices running or you forget to switch them off. “And many households need to do everything they can to lower their energy bills at the moment. “Monitoring your energy usage on these cooling items by connecting Loop – the energy saving app - to your smart meter is key to making savings.” Recent data from Electralink found that smart meter installations in May 2022 rose by 11 percent compared to the month before. Overall, there were 207,000 installations in May across the country. This was up on 186,000 in April but five percent less than May 2021. Energy suppliers are in a rush to meet Ofgem demands to install smart meters in homes as soon as possible.