The multinational American retail corporation is hoping UK businesses will be able to feature their product on Walmart's website. In a bid to convince Brexit British retailers, the US giant hosted a UK Sellers Summit in London this week. Walmart has already recruited some key UK companies to its marketplace: STATSports, which makes wearable tech products for people participating in sports; BuyBox, home and garden products and; Nodor, manufacturer of Red Dragon darts and other sporting equipment. Pertemba, which exports products to 18 countries worldwide, is another British exporter that will sell on walmart.com. Ravi Karia, managing director of Pertemba said: “We’ve been exporting to the world since 2009. Today we sell on around 60 e-commerce marketplaces, big and small. “Walmart Marketplace stands out for us for being easy to do business on, bringing us huge exposure and steady sales growth. I’d advise sellers to take advantage of how simple it is to list on the Marketplace to bring their full catalogue and to explore Walmart Fulfillment Services.” Darren Carithers, senior vice president of marketplace development for Walmart International, said in a statement: “We are confident that UK sellers will be able to leverage Britain’s reputation for design and manufacturing excellence and product quality to thrive as Marketplace sellers and bring more choice to our US customers with speed and scale." In a blow to the European Union market, the UK was also Walmart's biggest country by sales outside of the US, second only to Mexico and Central America. The move comes as the UK continues to lock horns with the EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol. READ MORE: Nigel Farage points to three signs of Brexit backtracking in warning  Irish Prime Minister Micheal Martin said on Sunday a new British law to change part of a Brexit deal to try to ease trade with Northern Ireland was "unilateralism of the worst kind" and urged the government to resume talks. The European Commission launched two new legal proceedings against Britain this month after London published plans to override some post-Brexit rules in the so-called Northern Ireland protocol which governs trade with the British province. London has proposed scrapping some checks on goods from the rest of the United Kingdom arriving in Northern Ireland and challenged the role of the European Court of Justice to decide on parts of the post-Brexit deal agreed by the EU and Britain. DON'T MISS:Von der Leyen has a masterplan to deal with Liz Truss [INSIGHT]Charles issued warning over Royal Family's future after Rwanda row [REACTION]Putin's troops sustain such serious losses they can't attack [ANALYSIS] The new legislation has yet to be passed by parliament, a process which could take some time. "It's not acceptable, it represents unilateralism of the worst kind," Martin told the BBC. "We accept fully there are legitimate issues around the operation of the protocol and we believe with serious sustained negotiations between the European Union and United Kingdom government, those issues could be resolved." He said the legislation, which London says is needed to restore a power-sharing administration in Northern Ireland, would damage the province's economy by introducing a dual regulatory regime that could increase costs to business. "If this bill is enacted, I think we're in a very serious situation," he said. "What now needs to happen is really substantive negotiations between the British government and the European Union."