Recently, the Government has rolled out the Boiler Upgrade Scheme to assist in transitioning Britons to more environmentally friendly home-heating options which could save people money on their energy bills. Traditional gas and oil boilers are being slowly replaced by greener energy providers such as heat pumps. Households are already experiencing a £693 hike to their energy bills and the price cap is expected to reach £3,000 by January of next year. One of the more popular options are heat pumps, however they are proving to be costly and are not applicable to be installed in every home. As part of the Boiler Upgrade Scheme, homeowners will be able to get £5,000 taken away from the cost and installation of an air source heat pump. Furthermore, households will get £6,000 off the cost and installation of a ground source heat pump This Government scheme will last for three years and will also cover costs for installing a biomass boiler. READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rate to 5% on key account  However, these sizable reductions pail in comparison to the £35,000 price tag it would cost to install heat pumps into someone’s home, according to Boiler Central. Myles Robinson, an energy expert from Boiler Central, compared the costs with the perceived value of installing heat pumps into one’s home. Mr Robinson said: “The costs of installing a ground source heat pump can rise to an eye-watering £35,000 – if, that is, your home is even suitable for installing a heat pump. “Air source heat pumps are much cheaper to install, averaging to around £7,000, but they are entirely dependent on the outside weather, meaning you still need to use your boiler on the colder days. “As such, the value of heat pumps does not come in financial form, but, rather, in terms of predictability and eco-friendliness.” On the cost of homes, Mr Robinson explained: “Considering how high the costs of installing a heat pump are, ranging between £5,000 and £35,000, the (scheme) seems to only be feasible for high-income households. “The current crisis certainly affects everybody, but more so those who could never afford such high upfront costs, even with the Government grants taken into account.” The energy expert also explained how heat pumps work and why the Government is attempting to introduce them across the country. He added: “As the name suggests, these pumps source their energy to heat a home from either the ground or the air. “Compared to air source ones, ground source heat pumps provide more renewable heating, capable of drawing more heat for less effort and require little-to-no electricity to run. “If your home and pockets are fit for installing a heat pump, especially a ground source one, it really is absolutely fantastic for the environment. “Heat pumps also offer some certainty amid the massively fluctuating gas prices and the related energy prices over the years, decreasing one’s dependence on such a volatile market, particularly now.” In defence of the Government’s scheme, Phil Hurley, the chair of the Heat Pump Association, cited how heat pumps are better alternatives to traditional gas boilers. Mr Hurley said: “The Boiler Upgrade Scheme is a great opportunity for householders to make their home more energy efficient and we encourage anyone thinking about switching out their oil or gas boiler to make use of the grants. “The upfront funding available means that heat pumps have never been more accessible, making it easier than ever for households to reduce their energy bills and carbon footprint.”