Tommy Fury’s promoter Frank Warren believes a fight with Jake Paul remains a "realistic" option from their end of the negotiation table but admits that he doesn’t know whether Paul’s team is interested. The pair were scheduled to face each other back in December, but Fury was replaced by Tyron Woodley after withdrawing from the fight with a rib injury. Since the pull-out, Warren and Fury have continued to chase the fight but uncertainty surrounds the future of the bout. “We have got a couple of things we are working on at the moment, we have got to announce something soon because he has itchy feet," Warren told iFL TV. "He wants to get out there he wants to be out in the next few months so we will work something out. "I still want to do the fight with Jake, and I would still like to get that on. It is still realistic from our end but who knows from their end, but of course, we would like to see that happen. There were a few discussions initially, but we will see what happens." In April, Fury made his return to the ring with a career-best showing against Daniel Bocianski on his brother Tyson’s undercard at Wembley Stadium. Immediately after securing his eighth career victory, the undefeated boxer called out Paul during his post-fight interview. He said: "'If you [Jake Paul] want it, I'm here and ready for you, and I'll cut you and chop you to bits just like I did there. Get the contract signed you bum! Let's get it done once and for all." Paul, who improved to 5-0 as a professional after a highlight-reel knockout victory over Woodley in December has confirmed he will return to the ring on August 13. No opponent has been announced as of right now, but Fury was among the list of potential opponents The Problem Child gave to Teddy Atlas, which included Floyd Mayweather, Oscar De La Hoya, Anderson Silva, and Michael Bisping. More recently, Paul admitted his dream fight would be against Mike Tyson. MORE BOXING NEWS...Fury 'would beat Ali' as Gypsy King tipped to be one of the best everJoshua vs Dubois on the cards as Warren details fight plansJoshua axes long-term trainer McCracken for Usyk rematch “Mike Tyson is the biggest name possible,” Paul told talkSPORT. “For sure that’s number one on my list. He just called me out on Joe Rogan’s podcast and said, ‘Let’s do it.’ “I think that breaks so many records. It would be fun, it would be legendary, and it would be crazy for me to share the ring with such an iconic legend, someone that I look up to. It would be weird fighting him but at the same time, it would be awesome.”