Stargazers are in store for a real treat this evening as a spectacular Strawberry Supermoon is poised to glide across the night sky. The lunar phenomenon will make the Moon appear larger and brighter. Experts are particularly interested in its appearance because it combines both a Strawberry Moon and a Supermoon together, giving way to its name. UK residents will be able to catch a glimpse of the Supermoon in all its glory on Tuesday, June 14. The peak occurred around midday on Tuesday, which while unusual, was the exact moment when the Sun and Moon were on opposite sides of the Earth. Scientists recognise this point as a ‘syzygy’ of the Sun-Earth-Moon system. READ MORE: Solar storm warning: Russia hit with radio and GPS BLACKOUT  Stargazers who spot the Supermoon will find it looks much brighter and larger than usual. In fact, it’s expected to appear around 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter. The reason for this is because the orbital paths of the Earth and Moon have moved closer together, which in turn creates the optical illusion you can see. As the Moon’s orbit around the Earth is elliptical, the distance between itself and the Earth varies.  On occasion, this gives rise to Supermoons, where the Moon can appear bigger and brighter than usual. But the bad news for stargazers is that even though June’s Supermoon is known as a Strawberry Supermoon, it won’t actually be pink in colour. The term originally derives from the Native American Algonquin tribe, by way of the Maine Farmer’s Almanac. The annual publication began publishing the tribe’s names for various Full Moons in 1930.  DON'T MISS: Long Covid hope for millions as ISS experiment to unlock secrets  [INSIGHT]Women better suited to lead long-term space missions, study concludes [ANALYSIS]Germany sends warning to Putin in 'territorial command' launch [NEWS] Others believe the name came about as the Supermoon coincides with the harvesting season of strawberries in North America. Alternative names for June’s Supermoon include Honey or Mead Moon, which is an old European term. Some people have also called it the Rose Moon, while Buddhists in Sri Lanka know it as Poson Poya. When the Strawberry Supermoon does appear it should be plainly visible by the naked eye.  However, in cases of bad weather it can be more difficult to view in its entirety. From 4.15pm BST the Virtual Telescope Project in Ceccano, Italy, will host a free live stream of the Supermoon. Its coverage will show live views of the Full Moon as it rises over Rome. 