For many Britons, a north-facing garden is considered to be a deal-breaker when it comes to buying a property. The garden will sit in the shade for most of the day, leaving little in the way of sun-soaked spots to enjoy throughout the warm season. While all outdoor spaces can be spruced up to make them feel cosy and inviting, is there really anything you can do to make your shaded space a brighter, sunnier place to be? Express.co.uk spoke to Harry Bodell, gardening expert at PriceYourJob to find out his top recommendations for illuminating a shaded garden. The direction that your garden faces will determine how much sunlight flows into the space, and at which times of the day this happens. A south-facing garden is a feature most property agents and homeowners will boast about as it gets the most amount of sunlight each day - but this doesn’t mean that north, east or west-facing spaces are considered ‘undesirable’. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, gardening expert Harry Bodell said: “If you have a north-facing garden, you may be disappointed by the lack of sunlight that floods the area. “The dullness of the outdoor space may put you off, and this may make you avoid spending time in the garden. However, there are some things you can do to help brighten up the space and bring it to life.” READ MORE: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm: A glimpse into Amanda Owen’s home  While this may sound obvious, removing physical barriers which may prevent sunlight from flooding your garden is the first thing you should consider. Start by cutting back excess growth on trees, shrubs and bushes and consider lowering your fence height if the panels are in need of replacing. Reposition garden structures such as sheds, storage or even a summerhouse away from the few areas that do get a lot of sun. One of the best tricks to add more light into your space is to find ways to reflect the sunlight. Harry said: “A good example is adding a pond to your garden. The water from the pond will reflect light out into your garden. “If you would prefer a cheaper option or don't have the space for a pond, consider adding mirrors to outbuildings or using mirrors as decorative elements around the garden to reflect light.” Birdbaths and water features are also great additions to your garden for both the added light and local wildlife. If you have an outdoor seating or dining area, you want to think carefully about where this is placed so you can enjoy it to its “full potential”, said Harry. The only real way to determine where to place your garden furniture to enjoy the sun is to spend a few days recording where the sun lies in your garden the most. Once you’ve got these notes, you’ll be able to review and determine where the sun is positioned for the longest time and where the sun is during the hours that you will most likely want to use your garden furniture. Harry explained: “From there, you can create a gorgeous garden furniture point where you can make the most of the sun and enjoy it for longer hours. “If you want to increase the hours that you can spend in the sun, consider opting for some smaller chairs or loungers that you can easily move around your garden throughout the day to get the most sun at any one time.” DON'T MISS:How to ‘revive’ your lawn for summer - ‘will recover in a week’ [REVEAL]When to harvest potatoes - key signs to look for [ANALYSIS]When to harvest onions - key time to pick to avoid damage [INSIGHT] You shouldn't overlook the most shaded parts of your garden, in fact, these areas offer the best levels of protection from dangerous UV rays, making them the perfect spaces for children and pets to enjoy the garden. Shade-loving plants will also thrive in these areas, so keep some soil free for cool-weather plants to enjoy. A warm, sunny day will be wasted on a dark gloomy garden, so think about colours carefully. Harry said: “If you have walls or fences available in your garden, one of the best things you can do with these is to paint them white. “White surfaces can help to reflect and diffuse light in many different directions. This benefits any nearby plants and is a great way to instantly brighten your garden.” The colour of your patios and paving is also something that you should think about if your garden is already quite dull. Harry recommended choosing warm, pale colours rather than dark colours like grey or slate tiles. Adding bright foliage is the most natural way to illuminate a tired garden space White flowers and “variegated foliage” are Harry’s top recommendations, so get planting for a bright summer display. He said: “Not only will this create the illusion of more light, but as the sun starts to set, the white will begin to really stand out, creating some added beauty to your garden space. “ To enhance the lighting for your plants, it's important to think about layering. This is where taller plants are placed at the back of the bed and the smaller plants at the front, giving them the best chance of thriving and of course, a better view for you. Harry said: “If you want to avoid creating shade in your garden, you must examine where the sun is during the hours that you want to spend in the garden “If you are planning on planting taller plants or trees, you want to place these on the furthest side if you have a North-facing garden.” In south, west and east-facing gardens, it also is best to keep larger plants closer to the home to prevent additional shade as the house is shading those areas already.