Prince George has been one of the stars of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last weekend as he made a number of surprise appearances and marked three personal firsts. And, as he grows up, the elder son of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, is destined to face an increasing amount of attention due to his position in the line of succession to the throne, royal commentator Rhiannon Mills said. Nevertheless, his parents will try to shield him from the public gaze as much as they can while he continues to grow up, she added. Ms Mills, who led the Sky News royal coverage during the four-day bank holiday weekend of celebrations, told Express.co.uk: "You can’t forget that Prince George is hugely important as a future heir to the throne and inevitably there is, over the coming years, going to be more and more focus on him. "But William and Kate are going to want to do anything they can to try and keep him out of the spotlight as much as they can." Speaking before the Jubilee weekend, Ms Mills also said Kate and William have been very careful in how much they expose their children to the public eye. She said: "I think the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are always very careful about when we see their little children in public. "They obviously want to make sure they keep a private life, but I think for a big moment like this I won’t be surprised if we do see George, Charlotte and Louis at some of those big occasions." Indeed, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis took the centre stage on several occasions last weekend. On the first day of celebrations, the three children took part for the first time in the carriage drive taking senior royals through the Mall and to Horse Guards Parade. READ MORE: Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry Sharing the carriage with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Kate, the little Cambridges waved and smiled at the crowds gathered. They later joined senior royals and the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast. Last Saturday, Prince George and Princess Charlotte made their first official visit to Wales. Accompanying their parents at Cardiff Castle, the children met staff and performers preparing for the local Jubilee concert. The visit was completed with a royal walkabout, during which George and Charlotte spoke with well-wishers and received flowers. A few hours later, the two children also headed to central London to watch the spectacular Party at the Palace, believed to be the first concert they ever attended. During the event, Prince George was spotted singing many songs - including Sweet Caroline, alongside his father William. On the final day of celebrations, George stepped out once again with his two siblings to watch the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. The eight-year-old behaved impeccably throughout the event and was spotted chatting and joking with his dad and sister, sitting next to him. In one adorable moment, George was also caught covering his face with his hands and laughing after he spotted Prince Louis celebrating with his hands up in the air. The prominent role Prince George is destined to play within the Firm was highlighted on Sunday afternoon, when he returned to the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside his siblings, his parents, Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Queen. The eight-year-old stood next to the sovereign as she displayed the future of the monarchy to the country and the world. Kate and William are slowly introducing their children to the concept of duty. On Christmas Day 2019, George and Charlotte carried out their first royal walkabout after attending the service at St Mary Magdalene Church. One year later, they stepped on the red carpet at the London Palladium theatre to attend a special panto performance. And earlier this year, George and Charlotte attended both the service of thanksgiving for the late Duke of Edinburgh and the Easter Sunday service.