Now that the season of sitting outside has arrived, it is natural to refresh the outdoor lighting and ensure exteriors become a therapeutic space where homeowners can rest the day away. However, nothing interrupts the tranquility like bugs, and nothing attracts bugs like light. Thankfully, there are natural remedies that are effective in the fight against pests – and they're entirely expert-approved. From citronella candles to mouthwash, these are the most impactful home remedies Britons need to know about this season. Those who know how to keep wasps at bay, they may already know about the power of a plant in your struggle against insects. Therefore, it is unsurprising that choosing the right plant is effective against bugs too. Pest expert Jeff Neal from Critter Depot suggests knowing how to grow lavender is a great place to start. READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants He said: “Our favourite bug repellent is a lavender plant. “Lavender is an effective solution as it emits a natural odour that is too strong for bugs (including mosquitos) to tolerate. “We find that to be a much safer and healthier way to keep them away from lights and our patios.” Another natural deterrent for keeping bugs at bay is to use citronella. DON'T MISS: Lighting trick to instantly make a ‘huge difference’ when selling home [EXPERT]‘Great budget-friendly’ way ‘guaranteed' to improve your living room [TIPS]Cleaning: I tested the ‘miracle cleaning paste’ to clean my burnt pan [INSIGHT] Citronella is renowned for its pest-prevention qualities, but choosing it in a candle form is a great way to similarly make your house exterior feel more atmospheric. Garden expert Tiffany Payne explained: “Citronella candles are a nice option for deterring bugs away momentarily if you're only sitting on their porch for a short period.” She recommends arranging some citronella-scented candles beneath the porch light on a countertop or flat surface to keep bugs and mosquitos away. Basil may be synonymous with kitchen garden ideas, but the experts suggest bringing it onto your porch too. Only this time, in the form of oil. Tiffany suggests that basil, lavender, and rosemary oils are designed to mimic the aromas of their plant, meaning multiple types of protection can be combined into a single solution. She suggests combining the oil with water to make a bug-repellent remedy that can be sprayed around the edge of the home. This should allow homeowners to keep pests away from their patio. Mouthwash is perhaps the most unconventional way to keep bugs away from outdoor lights, but that does not make it any less effective. Tiffany said: “If you don't have any rubbing alcohol or fragrant oils on hand, an alcohol-based toothpaste can be used to keep bugs away from your porch.” For this method, fill a spray bottle halfway with mouthwash before spraying the perimeter of the porch and all over any outdoor furniture. She continued: “This can deter bugs and leave a pleasant odour. “But due to the rapid loss of alcohol, reapplication may be required regularly.”