Officials quickly tried to fix the hack last night (June 5) after the official website of Moscow’s Ministry of Construction, Housing and Utilities was hacked. The Russian-backed news agency RIA reported that users’ personal data was kept safe during the hack.  They also added that hackers demanded a ransom in return for not revealing users’ personal data, though this has not been verified. Since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, many state-owned companies and news organisations have suffered hacking attempts. A hacking attack in early May left video-hosting site RuTube offline for three days. Menus on Moscow satellite TV were also sabotaged during coverage of Putin’s Victory Day parade in Red Square on May 9.  The Ukrainian news agency UNIAN reported on Sunday that the broadcast of the Ukraine-Wales football match was temporarily hacked, reportedly by Russians, but this claim has not been verified. This latest update follows the news of the killing of an 11th Russian general in Ukraine. Major-General Roman Kutuzov, chief of staff of the 29th Combined Arms Army, was killed in fighting in the Donbas, according to reports. He became the 11th Russian general to die, as Russian forces continue to meet fierce resistance from their Ukrainian counterparts. READ MORE: Putin outsmarted: TWO EU nations strike deal to scupper Kremlin's grip  It comes hot on the heels of the death of Major General Kanamat Botashev. The 63-year-old was shot down while flying his SU-25 aircraft near Popasna in Luhansk province towards the end of May. Today [June 6], Putin has launched a missile strike on Kyiv for the first time since April, an adviser to the Ukrainian President has claimed. One person was left injured after a Russian Tu-95 strategic bombers cruise missiles hit railway infrastructure sites on the outskirts of Kyiv.  DON'T MISS:Oil price spikes following price increase from Saudi Arabia [INSIGHT]Putin war in ruins as '11th general dead' after ambush [ANALYSIS]Mass shootings continue to rock US Pennsylvania and Tennessee [PICTURES] According to the Times, black smoke billowed above the Ukrainian capital after cruise missiles were launched from the Caspian Sea. However, the attack is not thought to have resulted in any deaths. 