Alexander Zverev may not require surgery even if he has suffered a "full grade three injury" on his right ankle, according to sports doctor Brian Sutterer MD. Zverev cried in pain as he hit the floor after badly rolling his ankle during the French Open semi-final against Rafael Nadal. The world No 3 ended up needing a wheelchair to exit the court, before returning a few minutes later on crutches to officially withdraw from the match. Replays from the incident showed just how bad the injury was, but no official diagnosis has been made yet as to whether anything was broken. Zverev took to social media later in the evening to state that it was "very serious" and will provide further updates in the future. It's not currently clear how long Zverev will likely be out of action, but Sutterer MD has given an insight on his YouTube channel on what could have happened to the German's ankle. "What this looks like is a standard inversion, or lateral ankle sprain," he said. "This is the traditional low ankle sprain mechanism." JUST IN: Nadal told he 'got lucky' with Zverev's French Open injury retirement  Sutterer MD then goes into more detail on the three "key ligaments" on the outside of an ankle. He states that the ATFL ligament is the "most commonly torn with an ankle sprain" with the other two being associated with more severe types of sprain. "When the ankle is plantar flexed or pointed down and it goes into inversion, that makes it even more likely to injure that ATFL ligament that's most commonly torn as opposed to if the toes were pointed upwards," he added. "Everything about this position: plantar flexion, foot makes contact, goes into severe amount of ankle inversion - fits with the traditional low ankle sprain, likely involving that ATFL ligament." The doctor went on to explain that Zverev may not need surgery if the injury is just a ligament tear. DON'T MISS  "Even if there is a full grade three injury, we often don't need to do surgery," Sutterer MD added. "Treatment consists of rehabilitation and you only have to think about surgery if there's something else like a cartilage injury to the joint, a severe fracture or pain and symptoms just don't improve despite conservative care." Zverev was included on the Wimbledon entry list which was released late on Friday night. But the third major of the year gets underway in little over two weeks and, by Zverev's own admission, the "serious" injury may rule him out from competing. His main focus may then be on returning in time for the US Open, which starts on August 29, depending on the severity of his injury.