Ever since Jamie Tate (played by Alexander Lincoln) disappeared from the village, Emmerdale fans have been left wondering whether he is still alive or not. Jamie's mum, Kim Tate (Claire King) may not have approved of her son's actions, but since he disappeared from the ITV soap in September last year, she has remained hopeful that he is still alive. Over the past few weeks, fans have watched Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) help Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) to find Jamie after discovering that he could be alive. Gabby wanted to find out the truth because she feared Jamie will come back to try and take their son, Thomas away from her. Gabby initially believed that Jamie was staying with Andrea Tate’s (Anna Nightingale) mother Hazel (Kate Anthony) and their daughter Millie (Willow Bell). However, because he found no concrete evidence that the Tate villain was alive, Will decided to hire a private investigator called Mike. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Mike told Will they needed to do a DNA to check if Jamie is alive and asked for some of baby Thomas’ hair. However, they were surprised to learn that the man Mike had found did not match up with Thomas' DNA, but he did have connections to the Tates. During Friday's instalment, Will was forced to come clean to Kim about what he had been doing to find Jamie. "Gabby heard Millie on the baby monitor and she got it into her head that Jamie is still alive," Will confessed. "That was nearly two months ago," Kim raged before Will continued: "Anyway, she and Dawn went to Hazel to see what they could find out." "And you didn't think to tell me?" Kim asked as Will insisted: "I didn't know." "The girls didn't get to see Hazel because when the girls go there the house was empty," Will explained. Will proceeded to tell Kim that he thought the house being empty was dodgy, and so, he hired Mike as a private investigator. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT]Sherwood creator admits filming for BBC series ‘shut down’ [NEWS] Towards the end of Friday's instalment, Mike was finally exposed after viewers saw him speaking on the phone to Jamie. It turned out that the pair were working together behind Kim, Will and Gabby's backs. Following the cliffhanger ending from Friday's episode, fans took to social media to share their thoughts and theories about what could happen next. Emmerdale fans suggested the DNA sample not being a match to baby Thomas could suggest Jamie was present but is in fact not the father of Gabby's son. Alan tweeted: "Gabby got paid out on a DNA result on the strength of baby being Jamie’s." User @ginski67 said: "So what’s the betting that Thomas isn’t Jamie’s." "I take it if Jamie’s not the father, Gabby’s gonna have to give back her millions in shares #Emmerdale," user @VampLover27 added. While Adele went on to tweet: "I think it is Jamie, I don't think the baby is his.#Emmerdale." Eileen theorised: "The DNA not matching doesn’t mean that it’s not Jamie Tate. It could also mean that Thomas is not Jamie Tate’s son. #Emmerdale." Other viewers were gobsmacked by the Jamie return twist, with Ryan tweeting: "What a twist the PI is working for Jamie #Emmerdale." If Jamie works out that he's not the father of Gabby's son will he return to expose the truth? Emmerdale airs weekdays on ITV at 7.30pm and for an hour-long episode on Thursday.