Caroline Kaufman, 28, claims she was raped by Jeffrey Epstein in December 2010, when she was 17. Her representatives say Andrew was visiting the paedophile financier in his home in New York on the same night, and are seeking a statement from the Duke. He was pictured inside the Upper East Side townhouse during the visit, and Ms Kaufman’s representatives say he could act as a potential witness. The civil lawsuit does not accuse the Duke of any wrongdoing, nor does it allege that he was aware of an attack on Ms Kaufman. Ms Kaufman’s lawyer Spencer Kuvin said he would consider serving Andrew with legal papers in order to secure a statement. He told the Sunday Mirror: “We are looking into serving Prince Andrew. “We’d get a subpoena issued here in the States which is brought over to England and localised, then we would have to locate him and have him served. “He should be a fairly easy target to locate.” In her claim against Epstein’s $630million (£515million) estate, filed at Manhattan Federal Court, Ms Kaufman said she was invited to his house for a “modelling interview”. She says she was then taken to a massage room, where she was allegedly raped by the millionaire. Jeffrey Epstein was found dead in his prison cell in 2019 while he was awaiting trial on sex-trafficking charges. Her lawyer’s comments come just a week after Andrew reportedly lobbied the Queen to try and return to his royal duties and ceremonial roles. He missed the one Platinum Jubilee event he was due to attend, a ceremony at St Paul’s Cathedral, after the palace announced he had tested positive for Covid just a few days prior. The Duke has previously denied he witnessed any wrongdoing by Epstein. In a now infamous Newsnight interview in 2019, Prince Andrew claimed to have travelled to the US in order to cut ties with Epstein, who had two years prior been convicted of procuring an underage girl for prostitution. The Queen’s second son said it was wrong of him to have stayed at the house, but denied he had seen young girls there, saying: “I never saw them.” Andrew was stripped of his official duties earlier this year when he prepared to pay a settlement in February, reportedly worth £12million, to Virginia Roberts, who had accused him of sexually abusing her when she was 17. He has consistently denied her allegations, telling Newsnight he had no recollection of ever meeting her despite a photo of the two together with convicted sex offender Ghislaine Maxwell in 2001. In a statement issued as the case was settled, Andrew pledged to support the “fight against the evils of sex-trafficking, and by supporting its victims”. Miss Kaufman’s lawyer Mr Kuvin said: “If Prince Andrew wants to stay true to his word I urge him to provide a statement about what happened the night Caroline was attacked. “He should be volunteering, we shouldn’t be looking into serving him to get his deposition. “Caroline wants to know what he has to say. She wants all witnesses to come forward.” Express.co.uk has contacted the Duke of York for comment.