Tottenham Hotspur could hinder Arsenal and Chelsea's summer transfer plans at the same time as bolstering Antonio Conte's defence by signing Alessandro Bastoni. The Inter Milan centre-back's prospective north London switch has the potential to launch a troublesome knock-on effect. Reports suggest Inter would be willing to do business for the highly-rated 23-year-old if Tottenham meet their £54million valuation. And he is understood to be keen on reuniting with Conte, with whom he won the Serie A title in 2021. While Spurs look to strengthen their defence, Arsenal are on the hunt for a marquee striker signing in response to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January exit and Alexandre Lacazette's inevitable free transfer. Mikel Arteta is 'keen' to lure Martinez to the Emirates Stadium. But if Inter offload Bastoni to their rivals, it's unlikely they'll be content with losing another star name in the same transfer window. And the Italian champions hope to pair Martinez with Paulo Dybala next season after the Argentine's Juventus contract expires on June 30. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer target had club 'convinced' he was joining Liverpool The 28-year-old could spark the same successful partnership that Martinez enjoyed with Romelu Lukaku before his £97million exit for Chelsea last summer. When asked about the prospect of Dybala's San Siro arrival, Inter vice-president Javier Zanetti hinted that it's a deal the club were looking to complete. He told reporters: "Maybe. The transfer market is opening. We have a lot of time – we're a club who must seize opportunities. If that proves to be the case, we'll evaluate it. We must also be realistic. The constraints we're dealing with are ones you know, but we're talking about a great player when it comes to Dybala." READ MORE: Liverpool could try Sadio Mane swap deal that may suit all parties Lukaku's Chelsea return was met with mass excitement after a dominant two years at Inter, in which he flourished into one of Europe's most prolific strikers. But his first season back at Stamford Bridge didn't go to plan, and Thomas Tuchel is open to offloading him already to raise funds to add fresh blood throughout his team. If Inter keep Martinez in response to Bastoni's exit and sign Dybala, it's unlikely they will step on the accelerator to secure Lukaku's return too. It's bound to be a hectic summer transfer window across Europe's biggest clubs, with some deals impacting others, for better and for worse. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.