Tottenham Hotspur's stance on Gareth Bale's potential second return to the club this summer has come to light ahead of his free agency. Bale will pursue a new challenge once his whirlwind spell at Real Madrid comes to a close as his contract expires later this month. The 32-year-old winger will be the first to admit he's in his twilight years but showed no signs of losing his quality on loan at Tottenham in the 2020-21 season. He registered 16 goals and four assists in just 19 starts in all competitions (34 games), which has left many pondering whether he'd consider returning on a permanent basis. According to football.london, Tottenham Managing Director of Football Fabio Paratici 'loves' the Wales international and is a massive fan of what he offers. However, both club figures and representatives in Bale's camp have played down a summer deal as 'very unlikely'. Bale could yet return to the English football pyramid, though, with the five-time Champions League winner understood to have long spoken about playing for his hometown club, Cardiff City. Whether he feels he is at the stage of his career where he can drop from lifting Europe's most coveted prize to playing in the Championship months later remains to be seen. JUST IN: Arsenal receive response after 'bidding £34m' for Lacazette successor But a third stint in north London is seemingly off the cards, possibly already confirmed by Antonio Conte's early swoop for Inter Milan winger Ivan Perisic. And even if the Croat continues the wing-back role he thrived in at the San Siro last season, Tottenham have strengthened at right-wing since Bale's loan with Dejan Kulusevski. The left-footed star left Spurs for Real back in 2013 for a then-world record fee worth £85million and has enjoyed a trophy-laden career in Spain. He has lifted 16 major trophies across nine years, including three La Liga titles and three successive Champions League wins among his illustrious quintet. READ MORE: Newcastle 'still on the prowl' with £51m fee no issue for Saudi owners Bale's dream move to Real died a slow, painful death in the final years, though, making 20 appearances in the 2019-20 season before playing just seven times in the recent campaign. He is set to retire from international football if Wales fail to beat Ukraine and qualify for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar this month. Cardiff are the odds-on favourites to secure one of the coups of the summer, while Tottenham are currently positioned joint-second alongside 'any MLS club'. Newcastle United, Southampton and Premier League new-boys Nottingham Forest are all outsiders. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.