Ukraine took back parts of Sieverodonetsk, a highly contested city in the Luhansk Oblast of the country, according to the latest intelligence update from the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD). Serhiy Hayday, head of the Luhansk regional military administration, said his country’s forces had recaptured 20 percent of the territory. He added: “As soon as we have enough Western long-range weapons, we will push their artillery away from our positions.” Putin insisted that the “fuss” around the delivery of weapons from the West “has just one goal: to drag out the armed conflict as much as possible”. Elsewhere in the region, intelligence suggests Russia has made gains. MoD officials highlighted that Russia’s “broader plan” is to cut off Sieverodonetsk from both the north and the south. “Gains” have been made on the souther, Popasna axis through May, it said, though progress has now “stalled”. The focus, instead, appears to be on the northern axis, on which “heavy shelling” suggests Russia is preparing to make a “renewed effort”. The MoD noted that a successful advance in this area was essential for a positive movement towards the Kremlin’s “political objective”. It said: “Russia will almost certainly need to achieve a breakthrough on at least one of these axes to translate tactical gains to operational level success and progress towards its political objective of controlling all of Donetsk Oblast.” READ MORE: Putin’s state TV compares Ukraine to ‘prostitute’ spreading AIDS Reuters said it could not immediately verify the Ministry’s report of specific “gains” and “recapturing”. Sievierodonetsk is understood to have become Russia’s main target in the Donbas region. Volodymyr Zelensky conceded to reporters that their forces “outnumber us, they are more powerful”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] But he added that his own troops have “every chance” of fighting back. This comes after Ukrainian authorities claimed the Russian military had entered a new, more intense phase of attack. For the Kremlin, Sievierodonetsk marks “one of the last obstacles to seizing the region of Luhansk”, according to the New York Times. Fighting also continues in other parts of Ukraine, with Kyiv receiving its first Russian missile hit in five weeks on Sunday. This, the paper suggested, “dented its sense of relative safety”, having been away from the centre of focus for some time. Russia claimed the missiles had struck a railway repair workshop and destroyed Soviet-era tanks delivered by Eastern European nations, but Ukrainian officials denied the report and said one person was wounded, instead.