That’s according to paranormal investigator Lee Brickley, who is a bestselling author in the supernatural genre. And his latest findings are really quite eerie, as he claims these shadowy creatures have the ability to appear as other animals, with a goat being the most “popular choice”, the Daily Star reports. Many sceptics will wonder how Mr Brickley has come to this conclusion.  But it’s simple - the author has collaborated eyewitness accounts about the spooky goings on around Cannock Chase, a beautiful wooded area in Staffordshire. The rural location is already renowned for its paranormal activity, and is said to be home to "skinwalkers", werewolves, UFOs as well as the Pigman and the Black Eyed Child. This horrifying sight is said to be that of an infant with hollow, charcoal black eye sockets. Mr Brickley’s mysterious discoveries are all detailed in his latest book Skinwalkers: Real encounters with shapeshifters, UFOs and interdimensional beings. Lee, from Cannock, said: “Inuits in the Arctic tell stories about shapeshifters they call Ijiraq that kidnap children. "In Ireland and all old celtic regions, including Wales and Scotland, they have Púca, a shapeshifter that can appear as a goat and other animals. “Then you have things like werewolves first described by the ancient Greeks. Could they be Shapeshifters? "The idea of the book is to show that shape shifting beings have been sighted and reported all around the world for thousands of years, and they could all be the same thing, rather than separate creatures. READ MORE: Smoke rises from Smurfit Kappa plant as tons of cardboard on fire  “I even entertain the idea that the Cannock Chase Pigman could also fit the mould.” Skinwalkers are currently a very hot topic, thanks to one Utah ranch that is allegedly awash with them. Terry Sherman became so spooked by constant fires in the sky and paranormal beasts that he sold the 512 acre spread just 18 months after moving in. For Terry, the repeated mutilation of his herd – “in an oddly surgical and bloodless manner” – was the final straw. DON'T MISSEnergy crisis: UK set to fork out ‘hundred of millions’ [INSIGHT]Russia threatens 'major' outbreak of fatal disease [ANALYSIS]Putin nuclear myth dismantled as Russia CAN be defeated [INSIGHT] Lee added: “In this book, I look at many different stories of shapeshifters from folklore and real reports around the world, and identify all the similarities. "I’m basically attempting to show people that the entities they call Skinwalkers are not confined to Skinwalker Ranch in Utah, and are, in fact, all around the world – they have been for centuries." Cannock Chase has not only been the topic of this author’s book, but many people have tried their luck at seeing the reported paranormal activity for themselves. An urban explorer took to the area back in January, where he is said to have recorded voices he heard while checking out the wooded area. He also claimed to have taken a picture of a spirit, thought to be that of a woman. Among the creepy findings the ghost hunter said he experienced extreme weather for a short, intense, period of time after asking if any spirits would like to make contact with him.