The ruling changes the way the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) assesses claimants to check if they are eligible for the benefit. Nearly three million people with a disability or long term health condition depend on PIP to survive. The DWP can award PIP claimants between £97.80 and £627.60 every four weeks which could be vital to put towards rising bills and costs. However, thousands could have been receiving less than they were owed a court ruling found in August 2020. The ruling changes the way the DWP considers whether someone can wash or bathe safely, as part of the PIP assessment. More than 30,000 of them who are deaf or hearing impaired may be due a payout from the DWP worth thousands of pounds. READ MORE: ‘I just sobbed’ HSBC customer devastated as she loses £22,000 in scam  A DWP spokesperson told the Daily Record: “We are now looking at PIP claims from deaf or hearing impaired people who may be affected by this change. “This includes reviewing some claims we decided on or after August 21 2020, including ones where we did not award PIP. “We are not planning to ask you to provide any further evidence or invite you for an assessment as part of this review. We will be looking at information we already have about your hearing impairment from your PIP claim.” "A Tribunal has made a decision on their claim since August 21, 2020It decided not to award them PIP before August 21, 2020 If the DWP reviews someone claim, they explained that they will write them a letter, and there is no need to contact them. The DWP said: “It may take some time for you to get this letter. If we decide that you should get more PIP, then your award will usually be backdated to August 21 2020. If you claimed PIP after August 21 2020, it will usually be backdated to the date you started getting PIP.” The DWP also said that people should consider reapplying for PIP if they think they may now be eligible. The change to PIP law will apply to all new claims and has been applied to all PIP decisions since May 17, 2021. PIP is designed to help people with the extra costs of daily living or moving around as a result of a long-term illness, mental health condition or physical or learning disability. It is made up of a daily living component and a mobility part. The PIP rates for 2022 are:Daily living part Mobility part If someone qualifies for PIP, they will also receive a Christmas bonus which is £10 each year. This is paid automatically and it does not affect any other benefits which you may be receiving.