Queen the compact cow is 58cm tall, according to reports. Her owner claims she is the smallest in the world and has submitted the itsy-bitsy bovine to Guinness World Records. At 22.8 inches, Queen's size is comparable to a Border Collie which can stand at 18 to 22 inches (46-56cm). The beast's beauty has drawn admirers in Pakistan although local reports suggest her owner has put her up for sale. Queen's bid for the top spot comes after the previous record holder Rani died last year. She measured 50.8cm (20in) in height and weighed just 26kg (57lb). She rose to fame after videos and images of her went viral on social media.  The two-year-old Bhuttanese cow lived on a farm near Dhaka in Bangladesh. Bhuttanese, or Bhutti, cows are usually prized for their beef, but Rani’s owner Kazi Sufian spared selling her to the butcher's because of her record-breaking size. He told Guinness World Records last year: "The other Bhuttis on the farm are twice Rani’s size." Mr Sufian had waited until Rani was almost two years old before pursuing his claim she was the shortest cow in the world.  READ MORE ABOUT A PIP PAYMENT RECALL LEAVING A FAMILY UNABLE TO EAT OR SHOWER After he did, Rani proved an internet sensation with thousands flocking to see her and take selfies. But Rani's fame was short-lived and she died on August 19, 2021 after suffering with a swollen stomach caused by overeating and gas. Guinness World Records said in a statement published in September: "As unique as she was beautiful, Rani will always be remembered as the shortest, and perhaps cutest, cow ever." The records organisation does not include a listing for the world's largest cow, but notes that the biggest breed of dairy cattle is the Friesian.  DON'T MISS: Driver calls judge an 'absolute helmet' for jailing him after crash [REPORT] Mike Tindall lays bare why Royal Family wanted to flee pageant [REVEALED] Meghan Makle and Harry 'were 50 minutes late' not to be 'lumped' [LATEST] Known as the Holstein in the US, the breed originated in the Netherlands. According to Guinness World Records, an adult can reach an average height of 147cm (57.8 inches) at the shoulder and can weigh in at 580kg. Recognisable from the black and white patterns on their coat, Friesians account for about 90 percent of all commercial dairy animals, according to Guinness World Records. The breed gets its name from the Dutch province of Friesland and the German state of Schleswig-Holstein, two regions where it was bred and developed.  Guinness World Records shows that the largest horn spread on a living cow stands at 265.13cm (104.38 inches). The staggering length was achieved by a cow called 3S Danica in Lawton, Oklahoma, on October 4, 2019. She is a Texas Longhorn cow owned by Mike Davis and was measured at the Texas Longhorn Breeder's Association of America's annual Horn Showcase. 