Liverpool midfielder James Milner rejected offers from three other clubs before agreeing to a new contract, reports claim. Milner was set to be out of contract this summer but will sign a new deal to keep him at Anfield until June 2023. Milner remains a key member of Jurgen Klopp's squad both on and off the pitch. The 36-year-old made 39 appearances in all competitions last season to outline his continued importance on Merseyside. Klopp has always maintained it will be Milner's decision whether he stays. And transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says the former England midfielder always wanted to sign a new deal. Romano claims there have been offers from three other teams to Milner but he has decided to stay at Liverpool. He tweeted: "James Milner received three proposals/approaches from other clubs but he always wanted to stay at Liverpool as priority. READ MORE: Man Utd's formidable new-look defence if Erik ten Hag pulls off four exciting signings  "New deal will be valid until June 2023. Final details to be resolved soon then paperworks will be ready to be signed." The Athletic claims Milner had offers from both the Premier League and MLS. The versatile star has agreed to a significant wage cut to stay at his current club. Milner added the FA Cup and League Cup to his Liverpool trophy cabinet last season after previous successes in the Premier League and Champions League. He has made nearly 300 appearances for the Reds since his free transfer from Manchester City in 2015. Speaking after a vital win at Newcastle in April, Klopp outlined the importance of Milner to his team. The German even compared him to Real Madrid star Luka Modric. DON'T MISSArsenal have already pulled off transfer masterstroke as Arteta given double boost [COMMENT]Christian Eriksen tipped to snub Man Utd and Tottenham as likely transfer named [QUOTES]Tottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer deal [TRANSFERS]  Klopp said: "It would be interesting to look at Luka Modric. Is he not 36 as well? "It was obviously a good generation. It’s difficult to be fitter than Milly. “He’s a role model. I have told him, I can tell the whole world – nothing we have achieved in the last few years would have happened without James Milner, it’s as easy as that. “Whether he was on the pitch or not, he’s set standards in a way not a lot of people can set standards, and it educated all of us. Milly played a great game today. I loved this game – and he played a massive part in it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here