Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Louise Jackson asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Hiya, not strictly cleaning but does anyone have any tips to get rid of bad smells from a teenager’s trainers please? Thanks.” Louise’s post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular response was to use bicarbonate of soda, also known as baking soda. Hazel E Ranalescotos-Fox said: “Throw some food safe bicarbonate of soda in them and bang it about inside. “You can tip out before use or leave in if you’ve got athletes foot as it will help.” READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Susan Patricia Glenn replied: “Baking soda AKA bicarbonate of soda - same thing. “Put a good amount into thin socks and place inside. “It's cheap to buy big pots online.” Alison Dosh said: “Bicarbonate of soda.”  DON'T MISSHow to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [INSIGHT]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [ANALYSIS] Clean+Natural Bicarb Of Soda is available from Savers for £1. Duzzit Amazing Baking Soda Multi Purpose Household Cleaner costs £1.36 from Amazon. Sainsbury's Bicarbonate Of Soda costs £1.25. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using white vinegar, cat litter, shaving foam and tea bags. Tina Mills said: “Soak the inside in white vinegar, concentrate on the toe area and leave overnight. “Wash as normal adding some unstoppable pellets to each shoe.” Yvonne Ison wrote: “Make a cat litter sock, stuff in overnight, or longer if extreme.” Debbie Hextall commented: “Put tumble dryer sheets screwed up in them.”  Punam Sharma suggested: “Dry teabags with some of their favourite aftershave or perfume/essential oil.” Nina Jones said: “Dettol I put it in every wash.” Donna Perkins Cope wrote: “Dry unused teabags.” Victoria Reynolds suggested: “Shaving foam.”