During Wednesday morning's instalment of ITV daytime show This Morning, some viewers were left upset and annoyed over the "tone-deaf" segment of Alison Hammond in Dubai. Hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield handed over to Alison in a pre-recorded segment which was called Alison in Arabia. However, it didn't sit well with some fans, with many taking to their social media accounts. As Alison jetted off on the luxury escape where she was seen drinking champagne in an infinity pool, many were left divided over the show's choice to air the segment. Minutes before the "over the top" segment was shown, Holly spoke with 94-year-old Rita, who revealed she was struggling to get by day to day due to the rise in the cost of living. The segment also comes in the midst of the cost of living crisis and the news petrol prices were set for record-breaking highs. Outraged by the show's insensitivity, viewers rushed to Twitter to hit out at the segment, with Traylor Holes exclaiming: "What’s the point in doing an item telling you to only boil a kettle with enough water for one cup of tea so you can afford to pay your energy bills if the next item is Alison lapping up the luxury in Dubai? #ThisMorning." The same user also added: "This show sending people on holidays that most of us can’t afford is TONE DEAF #ThisMorning." READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' @Mystereon_Voice fumed: "And now, here's Alison's braving an all-expenses-paid seven-star experience in Dubai." @TinyPurplePug commented: "This Morning- deals with a 94-year-old who’s been given a bill that isn’t hers to pay. Over the top." "Also, This Morning- but we’ve also sent Alison to Dubai?? Yeah, this show really knows its priorities #ThisMorning." @Queen_Vix88 sarcastically added: "How to save money on your electric and gas bills up next Alison in Dubai #ThisMorning." @Helen909King said: "Cook with your microwave and kettle to save money, then here's Alison having a great all-expenses-paid trip to Dubai. Need to turn off! #ThisMorning." However, not all viewers were annoyed by the holiday segment, with Tracey An news praising: "Many of you slamming Alison but not being funny if you were offered the chance to go to Dubai you would take it within a second. Just because she is on a luxury holiday doesn't mean she deserves to be bullied for it." (sic) This isn't the first time that This Morning has come under fire from its viewers, as back in March, Daisy Payne jetted off to Sri Lanka. Once again, after discussing the cost of living crisis, the show cut to Daisy's travel segment showing her in first class with a glass of champagne. DON'T MISS...Alison Hammond discusses solo role away from This Morning  [INSIGHT]Alison Hammond shuts down Dermot in awkward relationship probe [LATEST]This Morning fans horrified as guest makes '£100k selling dead mice'  [MORE] Beforehand, Phillip told viewers many are "having to choose between heating their homes or feeding their kids". He also explained the Chancellor's move to cut petrol by 5p a litre was essentially not going to save motorists any money, as petrol stations have already put prices up by 6p in some cases. Then introduced the segment: "It is a tough job, but somebody has got to do it." Holly continued: "Time for a bit of escapism, now!" With prices rising up and down the country, many families are struggling to make ends meet, which was what started the online debate. In early February, the government announced some measures to respond to high energy prices, a particular flashpoint of the crisis. In the spring statement, the Chancellor announced some more general policies to support squeezed household budgets. People across the country were beginning to find it hard to do daily tasks such as filling up their cars, heating their homes or buying a substantial food shop for their families. This Morning often speaks to members of the public who phone in asking for advice as they are struggling to make ends meet. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.