Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, often shares unusual cleaning tips and tricks on social media. Now, her followers also share their advice on dedicated forums, including how to tackle mould in the home. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook group, Shauna Lou wrote: “I have a huge mould issue in my bathroom. What are your best tips on cleaning and keeping it at bay? “I’m thinking of cladding the whole bathroom once this is done. My bathroom is rented and there’s a window open.” Mould and mildew are both caused by humidity, a high level of moisture in the air. This means it is likely to occur in rooms which are naturally more humid, including the bathroom and kitchen. READ MORE: ‘Key’ to growing ‘holiday plants’ in the UK - ‘hot climate’ isn’t need If the mould situation gets worse, it can be damaging to health. It is always easier to prevent mould from happening, rather than getting rid of it. Taking to the comments, Lisa McCarthy wrote: “Astonish Mould and Mildew remover is brilliant.” Leah Craven said: “Astonish Mould Remover! Works perfectly. Keeps it at bay for a good few weeks, probably longer. DON'T MISS:Peace lilies need a ‘particular set up’ to thrive - care tips [COMMENT]How much water should you give plants in containers? Try the 10% rule [EXPLAINER]Pruning ‘mistakes’ to avoid ‘permanently’ damaging garden plants [EXPERT] “You just spray, leave for half an hour, wash off with a soft cloth.” Astonish Mould and Mildew remover can be purchased from supermarkets for as little as £1. It claims to blast away tough stains and effectively remove mould and mildew within minutes. Some Mrs Hinch fans recommended investing in a dehumidifier. Kirstie O’Malley said: “100 percent a dehumidifier…the air needs circulating.” Susan Connor wrote: “Get a dehumidifier and mould and mildew remover if possible. Open a window a little too, good luck.” Dehumidifiers help to reduce moisture in the air, which can contribute to the build-up of mould. They can also help people with allergies and hinder the growth of dust mites. Harriet Wilson said: “If it is mould you can tackle it using a combination of tricks including mould remover and ventilation. “I find my dehumidifier works a treat. I had a mould problem years ago and since using a dehumidifier, it’s completely gone and never returned.” When drying clothing indoors, it is best to use a dehumidifier or leave windows open to help them dry. Using a clothes horse indoors without ventilation is a huge cause of mould and damp.