 Queen Elizabeth II is missing her second event of the Platinum Jubilee weekend, having pulled out of Friday’s Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, and will now miss Saturday’s Epsom Derby. According to Buckingham Palace, the monarch — famously an avid horseracing fan — will watch the races on TV from her home in Windsor Castle. The 96-year-old Queen has been experiencing “episodic mobility issues” in recent months and the Palace had warned in advance that Her Majesty’s appearances could be limited. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  She had been due to attend Saturday’s iconic races — one of the monarch’s favourite fixtures in the royal calendar — but her daughter, Princess Anne is expected to represent the Queen instead. Her Majesty was represented by her eldest son and heir, Prince Charles, for Friday’s Service of Thanksgiving. The Sovereign had experienced “some discomfort” during her Trooping the Colour appearance, so “reluctantly” pulled out of the special service, the Palace said. Royal commentators have now been speculating whether the Queen’s appearance on Thursday for Trooping the Colour, her official birthday parade, might be her last in an official capacity, as the 96-year-old prepares to wind down and hand over to the future King Charles. Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, told Thursday’s episode of Pod Save The Queen: “Will we see the Queen on the balcony again because once she’s done this [the Platinum Jubilee appearance], will she do another one? “It may be time to pass the baton on to Prince Charles — we saw Charles leading the parade alongside Prince William and Princess Anne.” Amy-Clare Martin, a Daily Mirror news reporter at Trooping the Colour, added: “It does feel like a once-in-a-lifetime chance to see the Queen, it may be her last public appearance and it was really special.” The comments come after talk of the monarch invoking the Regency Act after her Jubilee celebrations. Clive Irving, author of ‘The Last Queen’, told the Daily Beast last month: “It’s critical to grasp a point that gets easily overlooked because there is so little precedent to guide it: She does not have to die in the saddle, like Victoria, after a rapid decline. “There is nothing in the protocols to say that. So the sane thing would be to have her abdicate. “The use of the Regency Act is the first step towards abdication, which, I suspect, will happen once the Jubilee is over.” Moreover, ​​Duncan Larcombe, the former royal editor of The Sun and a biographer of Prince Harry, told the publication on Thursday: “If she [the Queen] can’t get through a couple of engagements when the entire world is watching, she’s not going to be able to function day-to-day as monarch. “It seems she has been clinging on to get through this special weekend — but sadly she can’t even do that.” Her Majesty made two appearances on the Buckingham Palace balcony on Thursday, one with her cousin, the Duke of Kent, to inspect the returning troops and the other to watch the flypast with working members of the Royal Family. The monarch was seen beaming as she watched the special flypast in honour of her historic reign. The Queen has been tipped to make another balcony appearance with her three heirs — Charles, 73, Prince William, 39, and Prince George, eight. Plans are reportedly in place for the family to appear on the balcony again on Sunday in front of a 10,000-strong crowd gathered on The Mall, with millions more watching on TV around the country. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, the future Queens, are also expected to join their husbands on the balcony. Kate and William’s other children — Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four — may also appear, but it is understood that it will not be confirmed until the day. A royal source told the Daily Mirror: “Her Majesty believes it will send a strong message to the world, that despite the family’s trials and tribulations over the past few years, those at the very top are united in getting on with the job, sharing her sense of duty and dedication to serving the people of this country and the Commonwealth.” The monarch “wants the world to see the heartbeat of her family and the future of the monarchy” with the appearance set to happen around 5pm following the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Charles and William will also play a role in Saturday night’s event, with the two future kings set to address a live audience of 22,000 towards the end of the BBC’S Platinum Party at the Palace. The two-and-half-hour open-air show will see performances from the likes of Queen+Adam Lambert, Andrea Bocelli and Diana Ross. Sir David Attenborough, David Beckham and Stephen Fry will also feature, and there will be a specially recorded performance from Sir Elton John, who is a long-time friend of the royals. It is considered highly unlikely that the Queen will be at the concert, but confirmation will be released later today. The Party at the Palace will be set on three stages in front of the Queen’s London residence. The evening will highlight global themes that have emerged or evolved during the Queen’s 70-year reign including British and Commonwealth contributions in the fields of fashion, sport, the environment and pop music.