Ms Tominey slapped down Republic CEO Graham Smith who said most people haven't been engaged with the Platinum Jubilee. The LBC presenter snapped back that "millions have watched" the celebrations over the bank holiday weekend with loads more taking part in street parties and other festivities in honour of the Queen. Mr Smith told LBC: "Most people in this country have not been engaged with the Jubilee, Let's be clear about that." "Really!?," quizzed Ms Tominey. "Millions of people have watched the footage and loads of people have been out in communities and people have been having street parties and the whole of London is full of Union Jack bunting." "What are you saying!? Apparently, there was an anti-monarchy street party that had to be cancelled? I think in Blackheath because only three people turned up."  It comes after the Queen closed four days of pomp, pageantry and partying,  by telling the nation she remains "committed to serving"to "the best of my ability". The 96-year-old monarch was absent for much of the celebrations, appearing in person for just over 27 minutes throughout the weekend. Delighting thousands of people packed on to The Mall, the Queen stepped out on to the balcony on Sunday evening following the Platinum Pageant, which told the story of her life, and the nation, with an eccentric, fun and imaginative carnival-like display. She was flanked by her three heirs - son, grandson and great-grandson - offering a glimpse into the monarchy's future.  After the outpouring of public affection during her balcony appearance, the Queen said she was "humbled and deeply touched" so many people had taken part in marking her 70-year reign. The Duchess of Cornwall, patron of the Big Lunch, estimated that up to 18 million people could have taken part in Jubilee street parties, and the Queen expressed her hope this "renewed sense of togetherness" would be felt for years to come. Sunday's Pageant, which was so major in scale that a rehearsal was not feasible, concluded what was a varied programme of events since Thursday. David Zolkwer, show director of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant, said: "One of the most exciting things about the Platinum Jubilee Pageant was that there was never going to be a full dress rehearsal - the first and only time our entire cast came together was on the day - it was truly a once-in-a-lifetime event.  "Even after working closely with all these inspirational performers for so long to plan their Pageant beat by beat, the wonder of the live performance still absolutely took my breath away. "The genuine commitment, exuberance and generosity of spirit of the thousands of people involved was a joy and a privilege to behold - it was truly the people's Pageant." Revellers were fortunate that the pageant went off without thunderstorms or heavy rain, which had been feared. Councilor Adam Hug, leader of Westminster City Council, said the borough of Westminster has "seen an unprecedented coming together of people", adding: "It has been the most extraordinary event to stage and a national collaboration which has worked brilliantly."