Images have emerged showing graffiti on gravestones at St Nicholas church in Nottingham, with some graves already covered in broken glass. According to Nottinghamshire Live, the mess has since been cleared up but locals fear that the same thing could happen again.  People have spoken out of their disgust towards those responsible and hope they are caught and dealt with by the law. Electrician John Hartwright, 44, from Chilwell, said: “It’s just so disrespectful, I bet when whoever was doing it, they were off their face but that’s no excuse. It’s disgusting, it’s the deceased and their family I feel for, imagine visiting your loved one to see graffiti all over their gravestone. “Gravestones are expensive too. Standing here, you can see a few beer cans, maybe people are gathering here on a daily basis.” 36-year-old Louise Bramble, self-employed from Sneinton called the vandalism “sickening”. She said: “Vandalism anywhere isn’t right, especially if it’s just stupid scribbles or someone leaving their initials but at a graveyard? That’s sickening. I hope that whoever did it gets dealt with appropriately by the police. If not, then they might be happy to do it again. “Like most other graveyards, this should be gated.”  49-year-old Blessing Okoli, an education support worker from Aspley wasn’t aware of the vandalism. When informed, she told Nottinghamshire Live: “I think it’s disheartening, it’s not something you want to happen, it’s a horrible thing to do.” Unemployed Janet Bromley, 57, from Carlton, told Nottinghamshire Live: “It’s such an offence. I hope that the church has reported it and surely there must be some CCTV in this area that can pinpoint who or what group of people are responsible. I hope it was cleared before any family members came to visit. It's a horrid, horrid thing to do.” Both Nottinghamshire Police and Nottingham City Council were approached for a comment. Nottingham City Council confirmed that it wasn't the council that cleared the graffiti and glass. 