The Princess Royal is one of the three members of the Firm standing in for the Queen today to take the royal salute and inspect the Troops of the Household Division. As she does so, the Queen's only daughter displayed her service medals. Among these was the Long Service and Good Conduct Medal Naval medal. Princess Anne has not served in the military but holds the honorary title of Admiral in the Royal Navy. Her husband, Admiral Sir Tim Lawrence, is a naval officer. It has been reported that The Princess Royal could later this year become the first woman to head the Royal Marines after Prince Harry was stripped of the role following his departure from frontline royal duties. Princess Anne also displayed the Queen's Service Order (New Zealand) medal. This was established by royal warrant of The Queen in 1975. It is intended to recognise "valuable voluntary service to the community or meritorious and faithful services to the Crown or similar services within the public sector". Also on display was the Coronation Medal, the Silver Jubilee Medal, the Golden Jubilee Medal and the Diamond Jubilee Medal. The Princess Royal also brandished her Order of St John medal. This is to mark her 30-year association with the St John’s Ambulance. Princess Anne is Commandant-in-Chief (Youth) for the organisation. Her mother, The Queen, is its patron.  READ MORE ABOUT THE RAF'S JUBILEE FLYPAST The Platinum Jubilee medal was among the regalia worn by the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge. Charles, who is Colonel of The Welsh Guards, was dressed in a bearskin with green thistle sash, and wore a number of medals on his scarlet tunic. Alongside the Queen's Service Order (New Zealand), Coronation medal, Silver Jubilee medal, Golden Jubilee medal and Diamond Jubilee medal, shone the Platinum Jubilee medal. William and Kate's two younger children, Louis and Charlotte, could be seen peering out of the central window at Horse Guards Parade during the ceremony.  Princess Anne rode behind Prince Charles who saluted the colours before a special Platinum Jubilee March was performed in honour of the Queen. William rode on Derby in his Irish Guards uniform while Anne was seated atop a horse named Sir John in her Colonel of the Blues and Royals uniform as part of the parade. The Platinum Jubilee celebrations begin with the Trooping the Colour military parade where for the first time Queen Elizabeth II will take the salute from the 1,500 soldiers and officers from the balcony of Buckingham Palace. Other senior royals, including Prince Charles, 73, and his eldest son Prince William, 39, are carrying out other ceremonial duties on her behalf, although much attention has focused on those who will not attend.   DON'T MISS: Is Monday a bank holiday? When will you head back to work? [REPORT] Five killed and multiple injured in 'devastating' Tulsa shooting [LATEST] Putin faces fresh threat as Denmark overwhelmingly votes to join EU [REVEALED] Prince Andrew, 62, who settled a US lawsuit in February in which he was accused of sexually abusing a woman when she was underage, was not expected to attend. The Queen's grandson Prince Harry, now living in Los Angeles with his American wife Meghan, is attending the parade but will be absent when the royal family gathers on the palace balcony to watch a fly-past by modern and historic Royal Air Force planes after the parade. The Palace announced in April that only working royals would appear alongside The Queen on the balcony. In a statement, it said: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of The Queen."   Queen Elizabeth II on Thursday thanked all those involved in her Platinum Jubilee celebrations ahead of four days of pomp, parties, parades and public holidays to herald her record-breaking 70 years on the throne. Millions of people across Britain and the world are expected to join the festivities in honour of the 96-year-old monarch, who has reigned for longer than any of her predecessors. The Queen said in a statement: "Thank you to everyone who has been involved in convening communities, families, neighbours and friends to mark my Platinum Jubilee, in the United Kingdom and across the Commonwealth. "I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last 70 years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm."  Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his wife Carrie, dressed in a cerise pink outfit with frill detail and large matching hat, also watched the Trooping the Colour Ceremony at Horse Guards Parade. Originally, the parade was known as Lodging the Colours, but it differs very little from the modern Trooping ceremony. In 1805, the custom of Trooping the Colour to honour the sovereign's birthday was first adopted, however, it lapsed soon afterwards. The ceremony was revived during the reign of King George IV and has continued since then. At one point during this year's ceremony, Prince Louis leaned out of a window at Horse Guards and did a small salute at the Irish Guards as they continued to parade.  The National Anthem played as Prince Charles gave the royal salute on behalf of the Queen. It was followed by cheers from the crowd. Mounted bands then left the parade ground before the Prince of Wales gave the guards permission to march off, leaving Horse Guards Parade to drums and pipe music. A carriage procession then passed along The Mall to cheers from the crowd as Camilla, Kate, George, Charlotte and Louis made their way back to Buckingham Palace. Irish Saffron played as guards marched back along the route which was bathed in sunshine.  The Queen then made her appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, accompanied by the Duke of Kent. Dressed in blue and holding a walking stick, Queen Elizabeth II inspected the troops as they marched past the palace in what is considered the most profound moment of Trooping the Colour as the monarch and guards meet eye to eye. Prince Charles then led the royal party back into Buckingham Palace where the monarch has appeared in public for the first time since the Covid pandemic. 