Inter Milan defender Alessandro Bastoni wants to leave and reunite with Antonio Conte at Tottenham Hotspur this summer, despite a hijack attempt from Manchester United. Bastoni is the subject of heavyweight Premier League interest and is said to have informed Inter of his desire to depart for England. On Tuesday, Di Marzio reported United had joined Tottenham in moving for the 23-year-old centre-back. But it was simultaneously claimed that he was set to snub the Red Devils to pursue Champions League with Tottenham under former boss Conte. According to 90min, Spurs want to bolster their defence this summer with Bastoni, who has told Inter he wants to join the club. The Nerazzurri are 'reluctantly willing' to enter discussions over a transfer and have made plans to replace the Italy international. Bastoni thrived under Conte at the San Siro in the 2020-21 season, helping Inter secure their 19th Serie A title. His stock has risen after another eye-catching campaign, and his former coach wants to add his qualities to his back three ahead of his first full season in the Spurs dugout. JUST IN: Chelsea may have missed out on ideal N'Golo Kante successor Hours after the reports surfaced, Bastoni addressed his future by explaining that he expected to return to Inter following a summer break. He said: "I am an Inter player. I have a two-year contract with Inter. The club has not communicated anything to me. I go on vacation after the national team, and then I start again with Inter." Both Conte and United boss Erik ten Hag are eyeing a left-footed centre-half this summer to bring balance to their defences. But Ten Hag may have to look elsewhere if Bastoni's heart is set on a reunion with the former in the capital. READ MORE: Ralf Rangnick's Man Utd exit caused by disagreements in Ten Hag call Inter would undoubtedly demand a hefty transfer fee, given his age, potential and current quality. But Tottenham are expected to heavily fund Conte's first summer transfer window as a reward for guiding the club back into the Champions League with a top-four finish. Tottenham and United have also been linked with Villarreal's Pau Torres and Lille's Sven Botman, two of Europe's most highly-rated left-sided central defenders. But Conte has firmly set his sights on Bastoni, and with the transfer window opening on June 10, it's a deal that could move quickly if Spurs' interest is concrete. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.