Throughout June there will be several changes across the spectrum of motoring that will affect millions of drivers, from parking charges to EV chargers. The list below outlines everything to look out for along with the dates they come into effect. New council powersFrom June 1, councils across England and Wales will be given new powers to charge drivers for traffic offences. The Department for Transport (DfT) will soon begin accepting applications from councils to issue fines for moving traffic offences. Successful applicants will be able to issue penalty charge notices (PCNs) for these offences from June 1.  READ MORE: The UK is nowhere near ready for electric vehicles Electric car home chargersAfter June 15, all new homes and buildings will need to have an electric vehicle charger installed. Any new residential buildings with associated parking must have access to electric car charge points. The law will also require buildings undergoing large scale renovations to install EV charge points, provided they have more than 10 parking spaces. Smart electric vehicle chargersIn addition to the new electric vehicle chargers, any homes and businesses which have existing EV chargers will be required to ensure they have smart charging capabilities. These regulations will be introduced on June 30, and are intended to help manage the strain on the National Grid with thousands of electric cars charging at once. It is hoped the change will encourage drivers to use smarter tariffs to avoid charging during peak hours, which tend to be through the daytime. Clean Air ZonesWhile no official dates have been given, Bradford could announce the launch of its clean air zone, which is scheduled to launch in “spring 2022”. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Jason Longhurst, Strategic Director at the Department of Place at Bradford Council, said: “The Council is meeting with the Government in May where we expect them to give a start date for the CAZ.” Low Emission Zones in Scotland could also be rolled out in June, although charges for drivers in Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow would not be introduced until 2023 or 2024. (Coming in July) Speed limitersFrom July 6, speed limiters will be mandatory in all new cars. The speed limiter – known as an Intelligent Speed Assistant system (ISA) – alerts drivers if they’re going too fast. If the driver doesn’t slow their speed the car will intervene. Drivers can override the speed limiter circumstances, for example if they’re overtaking.