Chelsea are plotting transfer revenge on Barcelona as they are reportedly eyeing the Catalan club’s starlet Alejandro Balde, who could tell his current team that he’s ready to quit. The Blues were taken over by a consortium led by Todd Boehly last month and have had their transfer ban lifted after it was placed on them under previous oligarch owner Roman Abramovich when he was sanctioned in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Barcelona are set to sign Andreas Christensen this summer when his contract with Chelsea expires. And the Spanish giants could also attempt to prise Marcos Alonso and Cesar Azpilicueta away from Stamford Bridge. If all three players leave west London, Chelsea could face a major blow to their Premier League prospects next season after already losing Antonio Rudiger to Real Madrid. And the Blues could look to strike back. According to The Mirror, Chelsea tried to sign Balde a year ago but didn’t have any success. But they are considering making a move for the left-back once again during the current transfer window and will use Barca’s interest in Alonso and Azpilicueta to try and negotiate a deal for him. READ MORE: Christian Eriksen 'makes decision on Man Utd transfer' as Tottenham twist takes place    Balde came through the Barcelona academy and made his first-team debut under previous manager Ronald Koeman as a late substitute against Bayern Munich in the Champions League last September. He has gone on to make five La Liga appearances and played in two Champions League matches last season. The teenager, who is currently part of the Barcelona B team, has been training with the first-team squad. But he is desperate to play matches and is set to tell Barca chiefs that he wants to consider a move away from the club unless he is guaranteed more gametime throughout the 2022/23 campaign. His current contract is set to keep him at the Nou Camp until the summer of 2024. But if Barca can’t offer him the opportunities he is looking for, he could well persuade club bosses to let him depart over the coming months. DON'T MISSLiverpool told to sell Jurgen Klopp favourite who is 'not good enough' - 'Time to go'Man Utd star David De Gea 'unhappy' as details emerge ahead of Erik ten Hag eraArsenal 'cooling' Youri Tielemans transfer interest with Fabio Vieira set for medical      Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel will be desperate to bring new faces to Stamford Bridge after a disappointing season last time around as the team fell away from the title race. The Blues reached the Carabao Cup final and the FA Cup final but missed out on the trophies as they lost to Liverpool following penalty shootouts in both showdowns. The west Londoners did, however, taste silverware when they won the Club World Cup in February following their Champions League win in 2021. Their sanctions under Abramovich clearly had an impact on their season. But without those distractions, Tuchel will be confident of achieving success next season if he can sign the players he is after. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 