Food items included in the supermarket's sale are: burger buns, ice cream cones, fizzy drinks and a selection of fresh, frozen and grocery items. The sale kicked off on Saturday morning (June 18), but it was not long before customers were left frustrated when they realised the offer is only available online and not in stores. People have also been left feeling bitter about the £40 minimum spend to get free delivery, and feel it is unfair to those who cannot afford it. Manchester Evening News readers took to Facebook to share their views on the 1p sale. Elaine House said: "Again it is all about shopping online not everyone can do this or see on what about the people who go into the store and shop they should be treated the same." Tina Irvine wrote: "Not helping the OAPs who can’t do online shopping."  Ginny Bell said: "Disgusting that it is only for online, Really poor CAN'T AFFORD WI FI they are the ones who need the offers, IT SHOULD BE FOR IN-STORE ONLY." Annette McFadden said: "How does that help the ones that can't shop online because they don't deliver to anywhere that's 4 miles away from the shop." Theresa Maher said: "Whilst this is a kind gesture it’s flawed … how many low-income households will be spending £35+ in order to not pay the £4 delivery charges, only to find their penny items mysteriously out of stock & missing from their order, but now they’ve spent £35+ on Iceland foods they can no longer afford the full price bread, milk, butter etc from their local shop/supermarket. "Surely this would be better as an instore offer, where at least the low-income householders can rethink their shopping as they walk round & discover everything they need is out of stock … plus a loaf of bread, 4pints milk & butter/margarine costs less than the £4 delivery charge!" Amanda Clapson said: "Nice you need to have to pay for broadband for the internet to do your shop and spend so much to get “free delivery” to get an item for 3p." Debra Banner said: "Its a con, you have to spend a minimum of £25 to get free delivery then you only get 3 items out of the £1 range & then you've to add more items to your trolley to bring the amount to the £25 minimum order value and it's not available in-store, which I think is wrong." Julie Barber said: "Sorry this is all wrong not everyone shops online so unfair." However, not everybody is so critical. Elaine Greenley said: "Go on guy at least Iceland is thinking of help it can off(sic) people. "There are plenty of free WiFi areas around towns and city centres and not to mention that there is WiFi in a library or community centre if you are near one." Glenis Tinton said: "This is great for people doing online shopping?" Pauline O'Leary said: "Great idea hope it will help." Richard Walker, Managing Director at Iceland, said: "We’re continuing to work hard to ensure our customers are being supported as much as possible as the cost of living continues to rise and we hope our 3p everyday essentials sale will help a little this weekend. "Our previous sales at Christmas and Easter were very popular and this time we’ve taken the decision to branch out and offer this deal on everyday essentials, as well as vegetables, to help our customers as we navigate through the cost-of-living crisis. "We’re committed to helping our customers as much as we can at this difficult time and will continue to do so."