NCIS Hawaii has proved to be a massive hit with CBS viewers following its launch in September 2021, with the future looking bright. Co-creator Christopher Silber brought the drama to life alongside NCIS writing veterans Jan Nash and Matt Bosasck. However, Silber didn't exactly have the best relationship with the franchise when he was first working on the mothership series. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS Hawaii's Silber was hired during the middle of the second season of NCIS and stayed until the end of series three. He was then let go by NCIS creator Don Bellisario who claimed he didn't "understand the show", according to the writer. Silber stated in an interview with the Screaming into the Hollywood Abyss podcast that he was warned not to take the job in the first place as it was a "horrible place to work". "Every day you wondered if it was going to be your last day. Every single day." READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint Despite his negative experience working on the iconic franchise, Silber made the decision to return in order to create NCIS Hawaii. He explained there were a number of factors as to why he chose to make a comeback. "The reason why I was able to go back and go back with the right attitude, was A, time, because it was many years later, all things equal, when I came back", Silber said. "Another reason why I was able to go back and not have that sort of bitterness or cynism or chip on my shoulder, is because every single other human being who works on that show and continues to work on that show, they are the kindest, most wonderful people." Silber continued to clarify that Agent Leroy Gibbs actor and executive producer Mark Harmon was part of that decision.  "All the other writers, everyone in production and of course Mark Harmon and credit where credit is due, Mark Harmon was a big reason why I came back. "He was a big fan and he said to me he felt responsible to a certain extent for not realising what was going on in the writers' room while he was trying to survive being on set. "And it was very important to him to have other people, not just me, to have me back. " Harmon also had his own issues with Bellisario throughout the creator's time working behind the scenes. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting  [CAST]NCIS' Brian Dietzen takes aim at rival NBC over US Open programming [EXPLAINER]Michael Weatherly height: How tall is NCIS' Tony DiNozzo star? [HEIGHT]  The pair reportedly argued for months as Harmon wasn't happy with Bellisario's "chaotic management style". In 2007, this ongoing feud led to Bellisario being forced to leave by CBS. The network believed they couldn't go on without Harmon, but the show could do so without Bellisario involved and so he was forced to resign. He has very rarely spoken out about his time on NCIS and his dramatic departure.   When interviewed by LA Times, Bellisario said that the reason behind his exit stemmed from a disagreement with the Gibbs star. Bellisario said: “I asked Mark to re-shoot a scene. "He redid it exactly the same way he did it the first time and never spoke to me again.” The publication says that he spoke with a mixture of "pride, regret and anger" about the show, stating: “I do wish it hadn’t ended the way it did." NCIS Hawaii is available to watch on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced. 