Fernando Alonso may have beaten Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton and won more championships if he had a better car, according to Gerhard Berger. The Spaniard has been unable to challenge for the crown since coming close to topping Sebastian Vettel in 2012. Since, the two-time champion has been stuck in the midfield. His spell with McLaren after leaving Ferrari was unsuccesful which forced him to quit F1 at the end of 2018. He returned to the grid for the 2021 season but the team has failed to get amongst the frontrunners. However, when asked if Alonso could win the title with a Red Bull or Mercedes, former Ferrari star Berger said “Yes! Im’ 100 per cent certain”. Speaking to Motorsport-Magazin, he added: “He’s a brilliant driver. I have to say, with his talent, Alonso could have five world championship titles for me. READ MORE: Fernando Alonso disagrees with Christian Horner on Lewis Hamilton “After McLaren, he closed the doors a bit because, if he were in a Mercedes, he would have five world titles.” Berger is not the first to suggest Alonso still has the pace to challenge at the very front of the F1 field. 1997 champion Jacques Villeneuve recently claimed the “hunger was still there”. The Canadian compared Alonso to Verstappen, claiming they were both “relentless” in their pursuit of success in the sport. He said: “It seems that he’s carrying some kind of weight with him and every time I talk to him, he says, ‘it just never goes right.’ He’s relentless. He’s like Max , he never gives up anything. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell throws weight behind Fernando Alonso to beat Verstappen [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff singles out F1 driver who disagrees with porpoising issues  [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso 'still have needle between them' [ANALYSIS] “He is race passionate and he’s a fighter, he just never gives anything up. He’s always hungry for more. It’s amazing.” Alonso won two world titles with his back-to-back success with Renault in 2005 and 2006, beating Michael Schumacher in his final years at Ferrari. However, Alonso himself has even admitted that he should have won more championships during his career. When asked if he agrees with people who claim he could have won more titles, he responded: “Well, that's true. It's true." He added: “We have been champions twice and runners-up four times and in three of the four times it was less than three points apart. So, apart from being champions twice, I think we fought for the world championship for five or six years until the last race and in that last race we were maybe on lap 20, 40 or 50 virtually leading the championship.”