Millions of people across the country hold a Tesco Clubcard, a loyalty card which the supermarket states helps people to “get the very best value”. With exclusive deals and discounts, the card continues to be as popular as ever. However, there is a very important looming deadline which Clubcard holders will need to bear in mind - or risk losing out on their vouchers. Tesco Clubcard vouchers are issued every three months, in February, May, August and November. They are also valid for a period of two years, giving Clubcard members ample opportunity to use them. However, it can be easy to lose track of time, and indeed the vouchers at the bottom of a purse, bag or wallet. READ MORE: Pensioner ‘millionaires’ rise to 3 million - triple lock questioned Millions of people hold the vouchers, and so making the most of them is key. Any vouchers which were received in August 2020, however, will soon be set to expire. Britons have only weeks left to be able to make use of these vouchers before they become null and void. Vouchers expire at the end of a calendar month, so for those received in August 2020, the deadline is Wednesday, August 31, 2022. DON'T MISSWASPI women welcome new boost in ongoing fight for compensation [LATEST]State pension: Grandparents could secure a boost worth £2,340 [INSIGHT]National Insurance: Sunak's £3,631 'secret tax raid' to 'crush' Brits [UPDATE] Individuals will be able to check if they do have vouchers online, a good way for tracking those which have been forgotten. This can be done by logging into the Tesco Clubcard website using account details. Chief customer officer, Alessandra Bellini, previously commented on the vouchers. She said: “We know it’s tough right now. READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning as you may have to sell family home fast “This is why we want to show customers all the ways we can help them spend less, and leave them with more money in their pockets - to manage the rising cost of living, or to treat themselves and their loved ones.” Individuals can collect points with their Clubcard - one point for every £1 they spend in store and online, and one point for every £2 on fuel. Tesco has explained it turns every 150 points a person collects into £1.50 worth of vouchers. These can be used on a myriad of activities and days out, or put towards the cost of the weekly shop. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea With Tesco’s Reward Partners, Britons can get up to three times the value of their vouchers, which could be especially useful given the rising cost of living. If a person does not yet have a Clubcard, becoming a member should be easy. Individuals can register for their Clubcard by downloading the Tesco Grocery and Clubcard app from the App Store or on Google Play. Tesco recommends this as it means individuals do not have to wait for their Clubcard to arrive to start collecting points or managing rewards. However, alternatively, individuals can also register on the Tesco website.