With areas of the UK experiencing warm temperatures, it is important to give the garden a daily watering to ensure it stays hydrated. This includes the lawn, which can go brown and patchy if not hydrated enough. However, for gardeners who cannot water their lawns daily, one lawn expert has shared jobs gardeners should “avoid” doing. Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, explained: “It’s important to water the lawn heavily over the next few days as the temperatures climb. “Ideally, you should be watering it early in the morning before the main heat of the day. “When watering, think about it more like soaking the soil, rather than watering the grass blades. “It is very hard to overwater your lawn, so don’t hold back.” READ MORE: Plants: Three jobs to ‘avoid’ doing during a heatwave If watering every single day, the expert recommended mowing every two to three days. He said: “If you can’t commit to solidly watering your lawn, it’s best to avoid mowing too. “That’s because heat causes stress on the lawn, and mowing will only add to this as it tries to recover.” Gardeners should also avoid feeding their lawns unless they are being watered everyday. DON'T MISS:Hanging baskets: Watering hack to ensure they don't dry out [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £2k to boost value by £24k [PICTURES]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘game-changing’ product to get rid of watermarks [INSIGHT] According to the expert, fertiliser can “burn” the grass. Carlos explained: “We’d recommend avoiding granular feeds for a few days. “That’s because the fertiliser can burn your lawn in the hot weather if it isn’t properly watered, so save the feed until after the heatwave.” If the lawn looks like it may have struggled over the next few days, it can be recovered with liquid seaweed. The lawn expert said: “Once the hot weather has passed, give your lawn a little help with recovery by applying a dose of liquid seaweed. “Why not try TotalLawn Magic Lawn Seaweed? It has the highest seaweed content on the market.” Other brands of fertilisers are also available in garden centres and online. As well as caring for the lawn, the expert also recommends caring for yourself. Carlos said: “Practise safe lawn maintenance by avoiding the high noon heat. “For any gardening jobs that simply cannot wait, head out first thing in the morning so you’re not in the sun during the hottest parts of the day. “Keep flames, like BBQs, cigarettes and fire pits away from your grass, and avoid placing a mirror in your garden as it will magnify the heat that it receives from the sunlight. “While this alone will not set your lawn alight, if the sunlight is reflected onto flammable objects, it can be dangerous.”