Arlene Foster, the former First Minister of Northern Ireland, is one of the most prominent unionist voices in the UK. This is seen not just in her previous work with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), but also her staunch support of the monarchy. So solid is her support for the Queen, Ms Foster once voiced her sympathy for Her Majesty after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle spoke out about their time in the Royal Family. In an interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021, Meghan was especially damning when speaking about her experience in The Firm. She alleged that a member of the family raised concerns regarding her son Archie's skin before he was born. The Duchess also said she "didn't want to be alive anymore" as her difficulty adjusting to royal life took its toll. Harry, meanwhile, claimed his brother and father, Prince William and Prince Charles, are "trapped" in the Royal Family. It was following the accusations that Ms Foster voiced her solidarity with the Queen, and said: "I didn't watch the interview last night. I have no intention of watching the interview. "I think it's incredibly sad for Her Majesty the Queen to have had to listen to all of that." She was speaking during a visit to a coronavirus vaccination centre at the Ulster Hospital in Dundonald, and her then-Deputy First Minister, Michelle O'Neill, said she watched part of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's interview "before I fell asleep". Ms O’Neill, from the recently victorious Sinn Fein, added : "Look, it's not for me to comment. “I think that some of the commentary around racism, racism should be called out in any form wherever it is seen, so that's the only thing I would say on it." This week will see the country celebrate the Queen's 70 year reign. READ MORE: Which Jubilee engagements will Prince Harry and Meghan be in? The Platinum Jubilee has led to criticism from some, however, with people pointing to the cost of the celebrations amid the cost of living crisis, while others want to see the monarchy abolished entirely. Ms Foster took aim at anti-monarchists this week, branding them “joy killers”. The former leader of the DUP had a debate on GB News with the leader of the anti-monarchy campaign group Republic, Graham Smith Mr Smith said: “I don’t think that it’s a good thing to celebrate, that one person has been head of state for that long. “In a democracy there should be the opportunity every few years to choose who our head of state is.” Ms Foster responded: “The advertisements on 'make Elizabeth the last' are grossly offensive to those of us who see the dedication, the duty, the service that her majesty, the Queen, has given to this nation and, indeed, the world. “I completely disagree that the monarchy will not continue after her majesty the Queen passes away. DON'T MISS Lilibet Diana christening: 'One worth keeping an eye on' [INSIGHT] 'Glowing!' Princess Eugenie turns heads in £149 Whistles skater dress [ANALYSIS] Britons defend 'celebration of Britishness' Jubilee decorations [INSIGHT] “I think there’s a continuity there which is so strong and I think to suggest that the nation would give the loyalty, the love that they give to the monarch, that they would give that to an elected head of state is just for the birds, frankly, it would certainly not happen.” “I think that the monarchy is something that transcends us, it is so wonderful to have it here in the United Kingdom and it will last very much into the future. “It’s just so sad to see joy killers that want to make this Jubilee weekend something that it certainly will not be.” Ms Foster left her role as First Minister in April last year, and in May this year, an historic election in Northern Ireland saw Sinn Féin become the largest party. Michelle O'Neill. the Vice President of Sinn Féin, is the prospective next First Minister. While her party has a long anti-monarchy history, Ms O'Neill said in February that she respects those who look to the Royal Family. She said: “We live in a society that has been so divided. I respect the views of those with a unionist identity, those with a British identity and those people that look towards the monarchy. “It’s not my thing, but that’s okay. I can be respectful enough to understand that for other people in my society - my community - it’s important to them. “That’s why we send our best wishes and I do so again today.”