Hugh Grant, 61, has donated a whopping amount of money to an organisation helping elderly brits struggling with the current cost of living crisis. The total amount the page has raised so far is £47,000.  It was revealed to Express.co.uk through the GoFundMe page’s account holders that an anonymous celebrity donation had been made earlier today.  They then confirmed that the celebrity was Hugh Grant.  The fundraising manager for the page, Depher CiC UK released a statement on the website explaining its aims.  It reads: “We established Depher in March 2017; since the launch, we have helped over 39,000 families throughout the United kingdom, in your Town and City. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit “We are known for our transparency and community support worldwide. “It gives hope and trust to many thousands who use our life-saving service and millions who follow our humanitarian mission. “We are raising funding to help us continue with our essential and life-saving service for our Elderly, Vulnerable and disabled members. “The government and councils do not support Depher CiC with any form of funding or donations; we rely totally on the kindness and generosity of the public and high profile members of the community. “We readjusted our services during the covid pandemic to help thousands of families and emergency services with Plumbing, Boilers, food, gas, electricity, PPE and much more support.”  Hugh is frequently involved in public debates about social issues and has been very vocal in his criticism of the conservatives and Boris Johnson.  The star, in May, vehemently condemned the Tory government following the release of Sue Grey’s report.  He criticised various cabinet members’ support of the Prime Minister after the report revealed damage and drunken antics occurred at parties in Downing Street, which went against Covid restrictions and laws at the time. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] The Love Actually and A Very English Scandal star, retweeted a post that said: “It’s amazing how many of the Cabinet support #JohnsonOut122 with similar words.” The post included screenshots of comments by Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss and Sajid Javid. Sharing the tweet, Grant joked that the responses were “the mini-me’s chorus”. On Wednesday (25 May), Grant also shared a post by Richard Osman which said: “I think I just need one or two more cabinet ministers to tell me it’s time to move on." The long-awaited report sparked the calls for Boris to resign, but senior cabinet ministers all defended the PM and only one further Tory MP, Julian Sturdy, broke ranks to call for his resignation. Boris said he was “humbled” by the findings, but defended his decision to attend leaving events. He said that staff had only broken Covid rules after he left the gatherings and claimed they were “work events”. Last year, Grant had accused the government of using the COVID-19 pandemic as an opportunity to “enrich” its friends and donors.