Camilla's commitment to her duties and the Crown was put under the spotlight on Wednesday, when a senior aide at the Prince of Wales and Duchess' official office Clarence House gave a report on their work and spending during the last financial year. Principal Private Secretary Sir Clive Alderton directly quoted the Queen while speaking about the Duchess' work and service. He said: "To quote The Queen herself, the Duchess of Cornwall's own loyal service also continued, as Her Royal Highness became Patron of the British Forces Broadcasting Service and, taking the mantle from The late Duke of Edinburgh, delivered her first speech as Colonel-in-Chief of the Rifles." Prince Philip, who died in April last year, had passed on to the Duchess the role of Colonel-in-Chief of the regiment during a poignant ceremony in July 2020. Sir Clive also stressed Camilla's commitment in tackling "domestic abuse and violence against women". Another highly successful initiative by Camilla praised by Sir Clive was the Duchess' online book club, the Reading Room. The initiative, launched in January last year, sees the Duchess selecting four books every season for her followers to read and discuss. The book club, hosted on a dedicated Instagram account, also features authors, Q&As and behind the scenes featuring Camilla. Speaking about the Duchess' club, Sir Clive said it "goes from strength to strength, with an ever-growing number of Instagram followers". He also said: "Of course, I need hardly remind you that The Queen — in a moving recognition of The Duchess's work, service, and indeed her support for The Prince — expressed her view that The Duchess should, in the fullness of time, be known as Queen Consort." READ MORE: Lilibet's first meeting with Charles was 'very emotional' The Queen's latest public praise for Camilla come, as noted by Sir Clive, just a few months after the sovereign expressed her wish for her daughter-in-law to take the title of Queen Consort. The monarch stated this in a message she released on the eve of her historic 70th Accession Day anniversary - on February 5. In her statement, the monarch spoke about the important role consorts of the sovereign have to fulfil. She also highlighted the "goodwill" shown by Britons over the past decades. She then added: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. "I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Upon marrying the Prince of Wales in 2005, Clarence House said Camilla would not take on the title of Princess of Wales in tribute to late Princess Diana. The office added she would also not use the title of Queen Consort upon Charles's accession but, rather, the one of Princess Consort. On New Year's Eve, the Queen had also honoured Camilla by formally investing her into the Order of the Garter, the oldest and most important order of chivalry in the British honour system. The Duchess attended her first Garter Day as a Lady of the Order earlier this month. Joining Prince Charles, she took part in the procession from Windsor Castle to the nearby St George's Chapel. The service held there followed the official investiture of the new members held in the presence of the Queen at the castle's Throne Room. Following the service, Camilla and Charles were joined in a carriage procession by other members of the Royal Family, including Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William. To mark the poignant, day, Buckingham Palace released a picture of the monarch standing between the newly-appointed Lady and Charles.