The start of summer brings lots of growth to the garden, leaving gardeners with plenty to do throughout the season. June is crucial for planting out late summer flowers and tending to lively crops, but what should be done towards the end of the month? Here’s your guide to taking care of all the essentials in your green space ahead of July. June isn’t too late to get summer blooms planted in your garden, and you can even sow some varieties from seed. If you start now, you can sow lots of late-season flowers including calendula, candytuft and nigella. Nasturtiums are also a great choice for your garden too, as they grow quickly. It is crucial to get these sown before July to secure late-season flowers, or you may be disappointed. Sunflowers can also still be planted, just sow the large seeds in a bright, open space in your garden and watch the tall stems grow. READ MORE: The 7 plants in your garden you didn't know were poisonous Semi-ripe cuttings are best taken in June when the stems are still slightly soft. These types of cuttings are created using this year's growth and are best done on plants such as lavender, box, passion flower and heather. To take a successful cutting, find a non-flowering shoot and trim off about 10cm. Make the cut just below a leaf node and be sure to remove the lower leaves. Place the cut end in a container with cutting compost and water before leaving it alone for the root to take. It is important to plant the cutting as soon as possible before the water supply is lost through the leaves. If you’ve left it a little late to add to your vegetable patch, buying small plants is a good way to catch up on the growing time. Opting for plug plants allows you to get crops growing that you’d normally have to start earlier in the year. There’s a good variety to choose from to plant in June, including tomatoes, peppers, runner beans, carrots and cabbage. Sweet, juicy beetroot can also be grown from small trays of young plants, just make sure you plant them out as soon as possible. DON'T MISS:How to achieve the ‘best results’ when pruning blueberry bushes [INSIGHT]‘Make straight cuts’ when pruning the instead of slanted - here’s why [REVEAL]Monty Don shares how often to deadhead roses in summer [ANALYSIS] Traditionally, asparagus season in the UK ends one day after the Summer Solstice. This crucial date is known as midsummer’s day, and was a few days ago now so make the most of the last days of the month by picking your final harvest of this flavoursome green vegetable. After this point, you should leave the spears to grow and allow the clumps to gather energy for next season through photosynthesis. Be sure to do some essential weeding and continue to apply fertiliser to the planting site until the end of summer when the spears turn yellow. While houseplants should be kept indoors for most of the year, sun-loving varieties will benefit from a short stint outdoors under the summer sun. Move your houseplants outside now to enjoy a spell of light and fresh air to stimulate more rapid growth. Most are well-adapted to shade, which is how they are successful houseplants, so don’t put them into direct sunlight or you could risk burning the delicate foliage. Instead, move them to a shady and sheltered corner to help them to acclimatise. Regular watering and feeding should be done throughout July, though the plants should be returned indoors by the end of the season.