The BA workers are represented by the GMB and Unite unions. The workers affected had their pay reduced by 10 percent during the pandemic. Strike action could disrupt summer holiday plans for thousands of Britons. They would like their pay to be reinstated and the GMB union said the workers are “primarily low-paid women”. British Airways has offered them a one off 10 percent bonus this year but the union said that bosses' pay had returned to normal permanently. Strikes could bring heavy disruption to Heathrow during summer holidays, particularly to Terminal 5, the BA terminal. Managers might end up having to operate check-in dates during the strikes if key ground staff join the action. READ MORE: Cruise crew face disaster when VIP trashes luxury suite Nadine Houghton, a GMB national officer, said: “British Airways faces a gruelling summer of travel chaos if they won’t give these workers what’s rightfully theirs.” BA said: “After a deeply difficult two years which saw the business lose more than £4bn, these colleagues were offered a 10 percent payment for this year which was rejected. “We remain fully committed to talks with our trade unions about their concerns and we hope that together we can find a way to reach an agreement in the best interests of our people and our customers.” Houghton told the BBC after the vote: “The blame for this needs to be laid squarely at the doors of British Airways. DON'T MISS “My members and I are genuinely sorry for any disruption this might cause to hardworking families who are of course so desperate to get away after the pandemic. “But the problem is this dispute has been many years in the making. Our members, primarily low-paid women workers have been asking nicely to have this money paid back. “This is money that was robbed from during the pandemic. "They’re not asking for a pay increase, they’re just asking for the 10 percent that was taken from them during the pandemic in April last year.   “They’re not asking for a pay increase. Their demands are not unreasonable in the slightest.” Houghton said she thought most families would support the members’ action. Houghton added if BA offered the staff the 10 percent back, members would vote on whether to continue with the strikes. She said the one-off payment was not enough for the workers and members’ “mental health” had been affected. Rory Boland, Editor of Which? Travel, said:“Passengers must not be made to bear the brunt of these strikes. British Airways should make the necessary arrangements to avoid a raft of hugely disruptive last-minute cancellations. “Strikes by airline staff are within the airline’s control because it is negotiating with its staff, so if your flight is delayed or cancelled because of this then you’ll likely be entitled to compensation under Denied Boarding Regulations. "BA must also reroute customers as soon as possible using other carriers if necessary, and explain these rights to customers. We know this requirement is not always being met, so the government and Civil Aviation Authority must intervene where airlines are playing fast and loose with the rules.” The move could heavily disrupt Heathrow, Britain's busiest airport, during the peak summer holiday season. It is not yet known whether the strikes will hit school summer holidays but it is thought likely. 