Opening up on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, a friend said they "honestly couldn’t be happier as a couple". The insider added that the future King sees Kate as being as "important" to the Royal Family as he is. The source also said the breakdown of William's parents Prince Charles and Princess Diana's marriage made him determined to make sure his own partnership would be "forever". The friend told the Daily Mail: "They honestly couldn’t be happier as a couple. "You can’t get a cigarette paper between them. They are so tight, just inseparable. "When you speak to William, he’s actually quite puritanical in his attitude when he talks about his parents’ marriage and what went wrong. "It hugely affected the way he approached his own relationship with Catherine and why it took so long for him to settle down. "He wanted it to be with the right person and [for it to last] forever. "William is still very protective of his wife. The way he sees it, she is as important to the institution as he is. "He genuinely admires the way she has just dug her heels in and stuck with it." READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Queen follow her cousin in considering retirement? William and Kate met when they were both students at the University of St Andrews. Kate is said to have caught William’s eye when she walked down the catwalk in a see-through dress at a charity fashion show in 2002. The couple briefly split in 2007 but they got back together and went on to announce their engagement in 2010. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle and Prince Harry 'hoping for Balmoral holiday invite' [INSIGHT]Prince William spotted lovingly gazing at Kate - adorable Ascot moment [PICTURE]Royal Family would be ‘foolish’ to reconcile with Meghan and Harry [ANALYSIS] During their engagement interview, Kate admitted the time apart was a good thing for them. She said: "I think at the time I wasn’t very happy about it, but actually it made me a stronger person, you find out things about yourself that maybe you hadn’t realised. "I think you can get quite consumed by a relationship when you’re younger. "I really valued that time for me as well, although I didn’t think it at the time." William and Kate tied the knot in a spectacular ceremony at Westminster Abbey in 2011. They are now parents to Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis. 