Prince Andrew took a step back from the Platinum Jubilee celebrations after testing positive for Covid in the midst of facing record-low approval ratings from the public following allegations of sexual assault and his association with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Following a push to return to royal duties, Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid spoke to a number of royal experts on Good Morning Britain, and Richard had some strong words for the Duke of York’s potential return. Richard was clearly unhappy with Prince Andrew’s reported aims to return to the royal frontline. Sources have revealed the Duke has requested the Queen to reinstate him as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards. However, the Royal Family is fearing a public backlash after Andrew was asked not to attend certain celebrations over the Jubilee weekend amid the recent allegations - allegations Andrew has vehemently denied. The Duke of York also reached a settlement with Virginia Giuffre out of court. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series “His title’s back, his HRH is back, his military role is back,” Richard explained. “Just five months after being stripped from them. It seems to imply a complete lack of judgement, doesn’t it?” In addition to his reinstated titles, Andrew has been pushing for his status as blood prince to be restored, which would mean readmittance to certain royal events. He has also requested his daughters, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, to be made working royals. Majesty magazine’s editor-in-chief Ingrid Seward claimed his return would be disastrous for the Monarchy’s popularity, but suggested he could find a new role away from the public eye. Royal expert Ingrid told the presenters: “The feeling amongst the royal household is that the monarchy actually has no power. “The only power they have is by their popularity. They have no influence but they can be influenced by what people feel about them. “So, if people start to feel very, very anti about Prince Andrew, having him appear publicly is not a good idea at all.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom star praises Alexander Dreymon’s directing [INTERVIEW]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly on ‘heartbreaking’ John Dutton row [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 confirms major casting news [LATEST] “After the upsurge of good feeling after the Jubilee, they probably felt this could destroy everything.” The debate arose after a source told the Telegraph: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. “Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.” Andrew was originally set to appear in public on Monday for the annual Order of the Garter ceremony with other senior royals. This would mark his first public appearance since his attendance at the memorial service for his father Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, in March. However, a conversation between the Queen and Prince Charles and Prince William has reportedly led to Andrew being banned from the event. Buckingham Palace has now officially confirmed Andrew will not appear in public at Monday's Garter Day service. He will now only attend the private parts of the ceremony, having held the position of Garter Knight since 2006. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.