When Boris Johnson won an 80-seat majority in the 2019 general election the Conservative Party was riding high and looked set to dominate British politics. Three years later and the Prime Minister is fighting for his job with his popularity falling. Lockdown rule breaking in Downing Street led to fierce backlash from the public as the Prime Minister was forced to apologise for his actions under pressure from Labour. Many Conservative MPs have spoken out against Mr Johnson and publicly called for his resignation. However, some Tories have increased their standing among the public and three are more popular than the Prime Minister at the moment. Who are the three Conservative MPs more popular than Prime Minister Boris Johnson, according to YouGov? READ MORE: Boris Johnson urged to make Jeremy Hunt Chancellor to form 'dream team Perhaps a shock contender in the popularity race, former prime minister Theresa May is currently the most popular Conservative Party MP among the public - with 31 percent support. Mrs May had a torrid time in Downing Street. She was undermined by backbenchers who ferociously disagreed with her Brexit deal with the EU which was rejected in the House of Commons. Her arrival at the Prime Minister’s no-confidence vote on Monday dressed in a ball gown gave an idea of how she felt about watching her former rival fight for his career. Mr Johnson was an outspoken critic of Ms May while she was in Number 10 and it seems voters enjoyed her moment of schadenfreude - pleasure derived from someone else’s misfortune - just as much as she did. Pollsters put Ms May as the most popular Tory MP at the moment with 31 per cent holding a positive opinion of her. The former prime minister is still a backbencher in the House of Commons and was first elected to Parliament in 1997. At the start of the pandemic in 2020 little was known about Mr Sunak who had been promoted to the role of Chancellor in February that year. But policies such as furlough, eat out to help out, and funding for businesses saw his popularity rise rapidly as he became a household name. More recently he announced further support for every household in Britain promising a £400 payment from October to help with energy bills. DON'T MISS:Brexit: UK set to turn back on hated EU deal [INSIGHT]Sturgeon's independence dream in tatters as SNP need transfer of power [ANALYSIS] Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [REACTION] Mr Sunak is the second Conservative MP who is more popular than the Prime Minister at the moment with 31 per cent of people having a positive opinion of him - the same as Ms May. Some believe the Chancellor may have ambitions to run the country himself one day but at the moment he appears to be fully behind his boss in Number 10. Mr Sunak publicly backed the Prime Minister during his vote of no confidence on Monday and posted his support on social media. He wrote on Twitter: “From the vaccine rollout to our response to Russian aggression, the PM has shown the strong leadership our country needs.” Mr Javid was appointed Health Secretary in June 2021 to steady the ship after Matt Hancock’s resignation. The MP for Bromsgrove was seen as a safe pair of hands due to his political experience having served as home secretary under former prime minister May and chancellor before Mr Sunak. His work focused on getting the vaccine rollout complete and resulted in more than 80 per cent of the UK having at least one dose. According to polls, Mr Javid is the third most popular Conservative politician with 30 per cent of the public holding a positive view of him. The Health Secretary has a big job on his hands over the next few months as he tries to tackle growing pressure on the NHS and reduce GP waiting times. Mr Johnson is currently the fourth most popular Tory MP and is viewed positively by 28 per cent of voters. Despite the damage of partygate, the Prime Minister remains one of the most popular Conservatives among the public for now.