Those planning to travel with Ryanair this summer might have to rethink their plans as cabin crew from the airline intend to strike from June 24-30, as well as July 1 and 2. According to the main unions of Ryanair's cabin crew, staff are only known to be striking for the six days across June and July this summer. These days will be June 24, June 25, June 26, June 30, July 1 and July 2. The strike will take place because Ryanair staff are reportedly unhappy with their working conditions and pay. However, this may not mean good news for Ryanair customers who hope to jet off in the coming weeks. It may interfere with those who planned to visit sunny Spain. Ryanair were engaged in talks with unions USO and SITCPLA last week. The unions believed that Ryanair lacked commitment to dialogue. As part of the Covid recovery phase, the airline said that it was negotiating improvements to said agreements. The Ryanair spokesperson assured travellers that they did not expect widespread disruption over the summer. They referenced a collective agreement with CCOO, who they called Spain's "largest and most representative union". This agreement is set to ensure improvements for Spanish-based cabin crew. As for the strike announcements by USO and SITCPLA, Ryanair called them a "distraction from their own failures to deliver agreements". This is despite three years of negotiations. Ryanair concluded by stating that they do not believe any strikes will be supported by Spanish crew. Airline staff have been put under enormous pressure in the face of the post-pandemic travel landscape. There continues to be a surge in international travel as Covid restrictions ease globally. This, coupled with a shortage of staff, means major stress for airlines and airline staff. Ryanair told Express.co.uk: "Ryanair has negotiated collective agreements covering 90 percent of our people across Europe. In recent months we have been negotiating improvements to those agreements as we work through the Covid recovery phase. Those negotiations are going well and we do not expect widespread disruption this summer. "In Spain, we are pleased to have reached a collective agreement with CCOO, Spain’s largest and most representative union, delivering improvements for Spanish-based cabin crew and reinforcing Ryanair’s commitment to the welfare of its cabin crew. "Recent announcements by the much smaller USO and SITCPLA unions are a distraction from their own failures to deliver agreements after three years of negotiations and we believe that their strike calls will not be supported by our Spanish crews."