Brenda Edwards has announced that she recently discovered that her son, Jamal Edwards’, cause of death was because of “recreational drugs”. In a statement to her 111,000 followers, she penned: “I have sadly learned that the cause of Jamal’s devastating passing was due to cardiac arrhythmia. “[This is] caused by having taken recreational drugs and I wanted to address this myself to everyone who loved, admired and respected my son. “Since finding out the news I've been in a state of shock, and I am still trying to process it. “But it’s so important to me that I do address it as no mother or any loved one should have to go through what Jamal’s sister, Tanisha, and I have been through since he passed.” Brenda then added that it is “so important” to have more conversations about the “unpredictability of recreational drugs and the impact they can have”. READ MORE:Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family  She continued: “It takes just one bad reaction to destroy lives. “I would do anything to have my son back, but that is just not possible. “So, if I can help save one life, then we will have achieved something.” Jamal died in February aged just 31.  According to the NHS, cardiac arrhythmia is an abnormal heartbeat. Although most people with the condition can lead a normal life if it is properly diagnosed, in some cases it can cause sudden cardiac death. The website notes that the common triggers are recreational drugs, prescribed medicines, caffeine, alcohol, tobacco and viral illnesses. Jamal was best known as the founder of production company, SBTV, which helped launched the careers of artists including Ed Sheeran, Jessie J and Dave. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury[INSIGHT]Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini[PICTURES]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline[LATEST]  He was awarded an MBE in the New Year's Honours list in 2014 for his services to music. He also became an ambassador for the Prince’s Trust, received an honorary MBA from Luton and Bedfordshire University and an honorary degree from the University of West London. Following the young entrepreneur’s death, Brenda announced the launch of the Jamal Edwards Self Belief Trust. The charity will continue Jamal’s legacy and support causes he cared deeply about.  Continuing in today’s statement, the Loose Women panellist said: “I am so proud of everything Jamal achieved over the course of his 31 years; I’m so proud to call him my son. “That’s why we will continue to not only honour his name but to help those in need, placing a special emphasis on the mental wellbeing of its service users.” She concluded: “We will continue to preserve Jamal’s incredible legacy by continuing the positive change he had on the lives of so many.”