Neighbours' fans were devastated when the news broke earlier this year the show was coming to an end. Now, the final outing has been teased with only a few months until the much-loved Australian soap concludes. Pop superstar Kylie Minogue is set to return as Charlene Robinson, along with her show sweetheart Jason Donovan as Scott Robinson. Although details of how the soap will end are under lock and key, it is tipped to be an emotional one.   The Channel 5 soap concludes this August, and with over three decades of history, how will it all end? It has been revealed power couple Charlene and Scott will feature in the end of the series episode on August 1. Despite the show's producers' best efforts, after Channel 5 withdrew its funding to keep the show a float, the end was inevitable. With the two, now globally known, stars leaving the show in 1988 and 1989, respectively, will the duo's return spark a possible spin-off? Read More: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting   Jason and Kylie are meant to return to Ramsay Street and utter the words every diehard fan wants to hear as they proclaim they are "home". "Everyone is gutted the show is coming to an end, but they are determined to go out on a high," a source told The Sun. They continued: "Kylie and Jason have such strong ties to the series they didn't even think twice about returning." It is set to be a tear-jerker, and the snippet of news is likely to prompt loyal viewers with many questions, such as where have they been since they left Ramsay Street.   The source continued: "The final scene will make fans well up and see Charlene and Scott return to the street as they declare 'we're home'. "Bosses have deliberately written the script so that Neighbours could come back in a few years should anyone want to rescue it." Express.co.uk has reached out to Channel 5 for comment. The pair teased their return at the beginning of May when they posted parts of a script on their Instagram accounts. DON’T MISS…Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in as Gloria 'absolutely devastated' over Jubilee pageant [LATEST]BBC Breakfast ‘lining up GB News host’ as possible Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [LATEST] The Spinning Around singer had previously revealed how "emotional" it was to return to the hit show's set. Talking to Today Extra, she said: "It was lovely and emotional. Driving into Ramsay Street was quite something." Although a lot of time had passed since her stint on the soap, stepping back on set felt so familiar. On returning, she proclaimed: "Firstly, where's all that time gone? Secondly, everything looks exactly the same. Thirdly, Scott, Charlene, Jane, Harold - it all just came flooding back.  