Simon Perfitt has claimed that car thieves “ruined” his birthday after they stole his vehicle twice in 24 hours. The pensioner found his Fiat 500 missing on the morning of his birthday. He said that the whole situation has been very “stressful”. Mr Perfitt’s Fiat first went missing on the morning of his birthday. However, the pensioner was stunned later on in the day when he found his £4,000 vehicle abandoned at a bus stop, BirminghamLive reported. The car was left with the doors open and lights on. Mr Perfitt informed the West Midlands Police about his find. READ MORE: Russia mocked over unveiling of sanction-busting Lada Granta Officers then attended the scene and carried out forensic tests. After the whole ordeal, the pensioner was allowed to take the car back home. Staggeringly, the vehicle was gone once again when Mr Perfitt woke up the next morning. This time, however, the elderly driver said that it is gone for good after the thieves came back for it. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to use 'key trick' to save money on fuel [ADVICE] Driver road rages at elderly couple after they steal her parking space [SHOCKING] Best electric cars drivers should choose now to save money on fuel [REVEAL] He told BlackCountryLive: "It ruined my birthday, it made it a very stressful weekend, being constantly on the phone to the police. "I was shocked the first time but even more shocked the second time. It is a quiet area." Speaking about the first time his red car was stolen, Mr Perfitt said: "That night was pouring with rain, my car was parked right outside of my house, I have got a camera pointing at it. "Maybe because of the rain, it didn't record anything. I woke up and it wasn't there. "A friend of mine saw it down the road. It was right next to the bus stop sign. "The door was open, and it had been raining, so the driver's seat was wet." On each occasion, the car was stolen without thieves gaining hold of his keys. Mr Perfitt said: "The second time, I almost saw it happen. I was awake, it was about 4am, and I was looking at the news. "Then I heard the camera send a ping, like an alarm, saying there was movement outside. “I looked outside and it recorded a four-wheel-drive, like a Jeep, driving quite fast up the road. "Then I decided to look at the live camera and I could see the car had moved from where it was and it was being driven out of the road, followed by this four-wheel-drive Jeep thing. "Straight away I dialled 999 and said 'I can see my car being stolen right now'. “Apparently there was several vehicles in the area and they were going to try and catch them." Mr Perfitt has not had any updates as of yet. He has now provided a description of his vehicle asking the public to help. The Fiat 500 belonging to the pensioner is coloured red, with the registration KP59 GXL. It also has a soft top. West Midlands Police spokesperson said: "We can confirm this was reported to us. “Anyone with information can contact us via Live Chat on our website or by calling 101, quoting crime ref 20/527888/22."