Denise Welch has slammed trolls who constantly criticise what she says on Loose Women. The panellist urged viewers to “shut up” and turn the show off if they are so angry about what they are watching. The 64-year-old admitted she enjoys replying to cruel trolls and sees it as a “sport”. “It’s like, ‘Shut up, don’t watch it then! There’s an off button, turn it off!’” exclaimed Denise. Denise defended her choice to speak about her 49-year-old husband Lincoln on the show, pointing out Loose Women is “opinion and anecdotally-led”, so of course the stars are going to talk about their personal lives. “They were meaning to troll me, but it was very funny,” she told Platinum Magazine. “They said ‘Denise mentions Lincoln more than the Lincoln Tourist Board’. I loved that!” she added Denise and her former PR manager Lincoln have been married since 2013, and before that Denise was married to Benidorm star Tim Healy from 1988–2012. Last year, Denise penned a heartfelt tribute to Lincoln, who she credits with helping her deal with her substance abuse issues. She posted a photo of the happy couple as she celebrated him starting to sell his art through Sotheby’s. "From the day I met this man I knew he was special,” she wrote. “Many people who didn't know us judged our relationship and some who did know us. "We were lost souls but together we found the strength to get sober and move forward together. “At 40, Lincoln started to paint professionally. At 48, he's selling through Sotheby's private sale." DON'T MISS...Carol Vorderman, 61, puts on busty display in tight-fitting dress [PICTURES] Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan's row 'worse than if he had affair' [ADMISSION] Ruth Langsford gushes over Dame Deborah James after Ascot meet [TRIBUTE] The Waterloo Road star concluded: "I couldn't be prouder and at the heart of everything he does is me and our family. Thank you @lincolntownley.” Denise has previously taken aim at Twitter trolls who claim she brings Lincoln up too often in conversation. Richard Stewart wrote in May: “Why does this Lincoln guy creep into every conversation [angel emoji] #DeniseWelch #LooseWomen.” In view of her 528,600 followers, the former Coronation Street actress replied: "Because I’m married to him. “How would you like me to refer to him???” she demanded. Denise was also forced to hit back at another troll who took issue with her talking up her mental health struggles. LuLu1965 wrote: “Denise squelch show again mentioned the dad already… “Waiting for the rest of the ticklist Lincoln Matty mental health blah blah blah #LooseWomen.” (sic) “Think I got a hat trick today,” Denise responded sarcastically. “Lovely of you to show such support and hope you get the same.”