Britons will be turning their attention to the Queen for her Platinum Jubilee celebrations in the coming days, but doubts have been cast that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will overshadow the monarch as they join her to mark the milestone. While former royal correspondent for the BBC Jennie Bond believes the Sussexes "will be a distraction", Meghan's choice of wardrobe will keep the attention on Her Majesty. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Harry and Meghan, as well as their young children Lilibet and Archie, have flown in from America to be part of the Jubilee celebrations. Jennie has shared her insight about the Sussexes being part of the royal event exclusively with Express.co.uk. She explained: “Harry and Meghan are coming and [the Queen] has a special place in her heart for Harry. “The Queen will also get to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet for the first time on her birthday and I hope the Queen gets to spend the day with her." READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show The monarch is yet to meet Lilibet who was born on American soil and is being raised in California by her parents. However, Jennie admitted the Sussexes will be watched closely under the eye of the public as well as experts over the coming days. "I have no doubt we will be watching the body language between Harry and Meghan and the rest of the Royal Family over the weekend,” she explained. She added: “I think Meghan and Harry will be a distraction from the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, but I don’t think Prince Andrew will be as much of one.” With regards to what the women in the Royal Family will be wearing for the Jubilee celebrations, Jennie said Kate Middleton, Meghan and the Queen “won’t want to clash”. She believes the Queen will opt for vibrant outfits similar to the bright yellow coat and hat she donned for the opening of the Elizabeth Line in recent weeks. Jennie thinks both Meghan and Kate will choose to wear more neutral colours so the attention is centred around the monarch. The broadcaster added: “Angela Kelly has recently taken over the Queen’s wardrobe and has modernised it, she has a modernised royal look now.” DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry returning to Royal Family 'off the table' [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan reacts as Meghan and Harry's popularity at 'all time low' [LATEST]Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return  [JUBILEE] For the Jubilee, Buckingham Palace's balcony will once again provide the photo frame for a special occasion. The Queen and 17 other members of the Royal Family are due to appear on the balcony on Thursday after Trooping the Colour. According to reports, only working royals and their children will appear on the balcony which excludes Prince Andrew, Harry and Meghan. Jennie added: “Hopefully, the Queen will make two balcony appearances, and it will be a very heartwarming moment to see her.  “I think the Queen finds every Jubilee quite emotional actually. She is a very humble woman and does not expect huge crowds to greet her.” In honour of the Jubilee, Jennie has helped create a quiz on Amazon's voice assistant Alexa to test users on their royalness. Jennie said the quiz is “good fun” and believes it would be ideal to have Alexa as the centrepiece at a Jubilee party this weekend. Amazon Alexa users can take the test by asking: “Alexa, how royal am I?” The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations will be broadcast on BBC One throughout the bank holiday weekend. 