Prime Minister Boris Johnson was the subject of a vote of confidence, after at least 54 Conservative Party MPs asked for such a ballot to take place. The PM won the poll with 211 to 148 votes, giving him a majority of 63. Current party rules stipulate a victorious leader cannot face another vote of confidence for at least a year. But there have been suggestions these could be changed, to allow one to take place much sooner. Express.co.uk spoke with a politics expert to get their prediction as to what could happen next. One of Mr Johnson’s most vocal critics, Tobias Ellwood told Sky News the 1922 Committee of backbench Tory MPs were looking to rewrite the rules on votes of confidence. Mr Ellwood - Tory MP for Bournemouth East - said it was his understanding that the heads of the committee are exploring the option for another vote to take place within six months' time. The 1922 Committee is viewed as the most senior group in the Conservative Party. MPs who wish to express their feeling of no confidence in a PM are required to write a letter to its chairman, Sir Graham Brady.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson urged to make Jeremy Hunt Chancellor to form 'dream team Once the minimum number is received (at least 54) a vote of confidence will follow shortly afterwards. Mr Johnson said his victory was “decisive” and “convincing”, and told members of his cabinet it was time to “draw a line” under questions about his leadership. But his sentiment is not shared by Dr Rod Dacombe, Director at the Centre for British Politics and Government from King’s College London, who described the results as “anything but convincing and decisive”. Dr Dacombe said the result would “sting” for the PM and that “even privately” Mr Johnson and those close to him would acknowledge the damage caused by a vote of confidence taking place.  He added: “I think we expected Boris Johnson to take this approach. To take it as ‘it’s time to move on’. "You’ll see this backed up by a whole raft of policies and proposals that have already started to be mentioned, and I imagine they will come out in the coming days and weeks. "So, I think that’s going to be the strategy. I don’t think it’s going to work. I think the discontent is still there. “I think the discontent is driven by lots of things. In part by the fact that Boris Johnson is no longer necessarily the electoral asset that he was.”  DON'T MISS: Sturgeon's independence dream in tatters as SNP need transfer of power [EXPLAINER]Flight from Cape Verde-Bristol diverts to Birmingham after squawking  [NEWS]Brexit fury: Britons living in EU slam 's*** show" after leaving b... [INSIGHT] Currently, Conservative Party rules state that a leader cannot face a new confidence vote for at least a year, once they’ve achieved enough support to continue in the role. For Mr Johnson to have been ousted as PM at least 180 Tory MPs would have needed to vote against him. If the rules were to stay as they are, Dr Dacombe said Mr Johnson would be in a somewhat “unassailable position”. However, he explained that only exists “on paper” and that in reality he believes Mr Johnson “absolutely can” be challenged.  The politics academic said whether or not the 1922 Committee does alter the rules could come down to the circumstances that unfold in the coming weeks. Before the end of June two by-elections are due to take place in Wakefield, as well as Tiverton and Honiton respectively. Dr Dacombe said if the Tories were to “lose big” in both and another 54 letters of no confidence be tabled then changes could be afoot. He added: “I think it’ll be very hard for him [Sir Graham] not to under those circumstances. “Based on the grounds for discontent and more letters going in, I can see that situation happening pretty quickly.” 