Our Yorkshire Farm favourite Amanda Owen took to Instagram on Thursday, June 9 to announce she and husband Clive had made the “difficult decision to separate”. As the two are currently the faces of the Channel 5 series, the channel has now released a statement regarding their future with the network. In a statement to Express.co.uk, a Channel 5 spokesperson said of Our Yorkshire Farm’s future: "We respect the privacy of Amanda and Clive Owen at this time. “They are very much a part of the Channel 5 family and we will continue to work with them in the future." News of the Owens' split came via Amanda's Instagram page in which she issued a joint statement to her page. “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate," the Yorkshire Shepherdess began. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm fans devastated as Amanda Owen confirms split The statement went on: “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children.” News of their separation comes after Amanda and Clive enjoyed 21 years of marriage with one another. The farming duo share nine children together after first meeting back in 1995. They tied the knot surrounded by friends and family in 2000. Their children, who also appear on the hit Channel 5 series, are Raven, Reuben, Miles, Edith, Violet, Sidney, Annas, Clemmy, and Nancy. Naturally, a number of Amanda's fans were quick to reach out to the Our Yorkshire Farm star to send their well-wishes following the news. On Amanda's latest Instagram post, @judithmercerjones penned: "You give your children the best life! It’s just so wonderful to see. DON'T MISS:Amanda Owen on future of Ravenseat after split from husband CliveOur Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen splits from husband Clive Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project "Wishing you both happy coparenting and hope everything works out for the best." This was echoed by @jantowse who wrote: "I am so sorry to hear the news about you and Clive. Wishing you both well for the future. "Thank you for all the TV viewing joy that you have both given us over the years. xx." And @shirley.roberts.351 concurred: "So sad to read your post re you and Clive today. Wish you all the best for whatever the future may hold for you."  While @marilou_keresidou commented: "I am very sorry for the unpleasant news of your separation... I wish all the best in the future for you and the children!!! Kisses from Greece!!!" (sic) The next series of Our Yorkshire Farm is yet to receive a release date from Channel 5. The series hasn't been on the air since the end of 2021 when Clive and Amanda appeared in a festive special from Ravenseat. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to stream on My5 now.