Carlos Alcaraz has been forced to withdraw from Queen's Tennis Championship with an elbow injury. His withdrawal will leave a question mark over his participation in Wimbledon which begins in just over three weeks' time. Writing on Twitter, the Spaniard said: "As u all know, I was super excited to play at @QueensTennis but a slight elbow issue means I can't! I hope to be there in 2023... see u all in the UK in a few days!" Alcaraz was hoping to build on an encouraging French Open quarter-final run at Wimbledon and challenge for his first Grand Slam success. While it appears that he has only suffered a minor injury, it will still severely impact his preparations for the event and leave him on the backfoot against the game's best like Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic. The 2022 Wimbledon Championships will be the second time that Alcaraz has played on the legendary grass courts of SW19, having being defeated in the second round in 2021 by current world No 2 and US Open champion Daniil Medvedev. He will expect to go further this time given his current world ranking of sixth, which should provide him with a more favourable draw. After his quarter-final defeat to Alexander Zverev in the French Open, the 19-year-old said he felt he was now at a level where he could challenge the likes of Nadal and Djokovic for major championships. “I would say I'm not far away from reaching a semi-final or being able to win a Grand Slam,” the world No 6 said. “I would say I have the level, I have the confidence to win a Grand Slam or reach the semi-finals next time.” His performance on the Roland Garros clay equalled his best ever performance at a major in his career so far after he also reached the quarter-finals in the US Open. The young star pledged to learn from his grand slam experience to improve his future chances. Alcaraz added: “This was my second quarter-final at a Grand Slam and I think I fought until the last ball. I hope the next Grand Slam, next quarter-final that I will play at a Grand Slam, I will do better and [improve] my chances to reach the semi-finals.” Despite the teenager's defeat, the five-time title winner had left Paris in positive spirits. “I leave the court and leave the tournament with the head very high," he said. "I fought until the last ball. I fought until the last second of the match, and I'm proud of it. “I am going try to take the positive things of the match, and of course the bad things that I did, to improve to the next matches or next tournaments or next Grand Slams. I was close to a good match, close to a fifth set, and in the fifth set everything could happen. I'm going to take a lesson from this match.”