While the summer months invite ample opportunity to spend more time outdoors, they also invite increased, unsightly lawn damage - which isn't the best coincidence. However, there are many common causes and even more means to treat your grass - or prevent it from happening in the first place - so read on to find out the best ways to keep your lawn well-nourished. A yellowing lawn can stem from a multitude of conditions but depending on just how yellow it’s become and why, there are different methods to fix it. The most common causes of yellow grass in the summer tend to be dryness due to the warmer weather and reduced rainfall, as well as pet urine and over-fertilisation. But why does grass turn yellow? Jonathan Hill, sales director at Rolawn said: “Carotenoids are pigments that reflect yellow colours in leaves. “These are present in the leaves all the time, but you only see them when the turf is deficient in chlorophyll. Deficiencies in chlorophyll occur from lack of sufficient nitrogen, iron, or magnesium, and from diseases.”  READ MORE: June gardening: Plants to grow now for a ‘quick’ summer garden  The common causes listed above translate to the lack of nutrients your grass might be void of. However, there are effective cures for this mishap. Here are four tips compiled from experts to stop your grass from turning yellow. During the warmer seasons, it’s important to pay extra attention to your lawns as they need much more tailored care when weather conditions are drier. In the summer, Tom Hilton, director of outdoor and indoor garden specialists, National Greenhouse told Express.co.uk: “You should water it weekly during summer and when rainfall is scarce to keep it well-nourished. However, the time of day is one of the most important things to consider when watering the garden.  Hozelock’s Sarah Dixon said: “It’s always recommended to water at the start or end of the day, when the temperature is cooler and the sun isn’t as strong, and one benefit of this is that less water will evaporate. “While it can be tempting to give the garden a quick water, it’s actually more beneficial to water your lawn and plants thoroughly but less frequently, as this will avoid wasting water and encourage deeper roots. “Aerating your lawn will small holes, by simply spiking with a garden fork, will allow for better movement of water and air, which prevents watering logging but will also help in periods of drought.” Collect rainwater in water butts to use to reduce hose use and save on the water bill. Like you did at the start of Spring, raise the height of your lawn cut if you start to see yellowing patches of grass. DON'T MISS:Five ways to stop birds eating grass seed - 'very effective' [EXPLAINED]‘Keep the show going’ How to deadhead roses to secure fresh flowers [ANALYSIS]How to achieve the ‘best results’ when pruning blueberry bushes [INSIGHT]     Consumer manager for Johnsons Lawn Seed, Guy Jenkins said: “It’s always tempting to achieve a manicured finish in high summer, but cutting lawns too low can weaken grass plants, leaving lawns more susceptible to drought. “Temporarily raising the height of cut during hot, dry spells reduces stress on grass and can encourage plants to put down deeper roots in search of moisture.” To remedy the lack of nutrients your grass might be suffering from, feed the lawn with a good fertiliser. Mr Hilton said: “Typically, you should feed your lawn around four to five times a year, spreading out over the seasons.  “But when it comes to summer, you need to feed your lawn twice between the months of May and August as it needs extra energy and nutrients to sustain the accelerated growth during the hottest period.” But make sure not to over-fertilise, as increased nitrogen (found in fertilisers) can add to the yellowing problem. Apply the recommended amount on the label of your product and water it into the grass to activate it. Although grass clippings can work as a form of mulch for the grass, too much can provide the perfect environment for pests to burrow and disease to fester. Make sure to rake up any excess grass clippings, debris and leaves to increase airflow to the blades and prevent any moisture from getting trapped underneath. 