Earlier this month, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made their first public appearance in the UK since they decided to step down as senior royals in 2020. The couple returned to join the rest of the Royal Family in celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Speaking to Royally US, Etiquette expert Elaine Swann discussed the Duke's "subtle" gestures of support towards his wife of four years. Host Christina Garibaldi asked Ms Swann: "How do you think they seemed, what was the vibe that you were getting from them?" Ms Swann said: "You know, the thing with Harry and Meghan that I love is that they really truly lean on one another for that equal support. "Harry's just so gracious, so attentive to his wife. "You can tell, there were gestures and holding their hand, giving her little glances to let her know that he's there for one another and they certainly had this united front with one another". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William and Charles hold Queen showdown to thwart Andrew 'backlash' Ms Swann said: "It's very clear that as far as the dynamic is concerned for this family, it really is them together collectively and then also the monarchy and working royals in the family", adding that, "there's definitely a divide as far as it's concerned. "I believe [that] behind the scenes, you know, there is still a family, this is still a family and they're going to tread through these waters in the best way that they can but they certainly put on the bravest face that they could. "With their focus being, we're here to celebrate the Jubilee and focus on this and not necessarily lean too much into the rift that the rest of the family members might have." She added that the couple did a "pretty good job". READ MORE: Royal panic: Monarchy may come 'crashing down' after Queen as Prince Charles 'no dream' Aside from the couple's pitstop to meet the Queen on their way to The Hague for the Invictus Games in April, this visit marked the couple's first official UK return. The couple returned with their two young children, three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who celebrated her first birthday during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex reportedly returned to the US before the Jubilee came to a conclusion. The only time the couple were spotted in public during the celebrations was to attend the Thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday, June 3. DON'T MISS Lena Tindall slaps down Prince Louis as she fiercely defends her snack [INSIGHT]Prince Louis copied his dad over Jubilee to 'follow protocol'  [REPORT]Kate has 'strongest of bonds' with Prince Louis and his 'playfulness' [REVEAL] Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, body language expert Judi James offered her analysis of the couple’s top moments during their recent UK visit. Ms James said: “Harry’s smiles and ‘fun’ rituals were rather sudden gestures in a sea of what otherwise looked like a state of subdued anxiety." She added: "He appeared to draw strength and support from Meghan, who was pitch-perfect in terms of her warm, calm smile and her ability to tone down the body language rituals to present a lower-key profile. “Harry’s hand to his waist was a barrier gesture on arrival and for most of the moments, we saw him on camera his facial expression was unsmiling, with his head slightly bowed."