Robbie Williams, 48, has discussed the prospect of receiving a knighthood and being referred to as “Sir Robbie”. The singer said the idea “sounds great” but that he can’t be “a***d”.  Ahead of the release of his new album, XXV, he explained he doesn’t want to have to go through the other honours before arriving at a knighthood.  He said: “Sir Robbie would be great.  “But do you have to get an OBE before that? Because I can’t be a***d.  “If it goes OBE, CBE then I am not turning up. Straight to knighthood,” he told The Sun. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee The new album, celebrating his 25 year solo career since quitting Take That in 1995, has been in the making for three years. If the album gives him his 14th number one in the UK album charts when released on September 9, he will be ahead of Elvis Presley, with whom he shares the record for solo artist. In regards to overtaking Elvis, he said he was surprised how an artist who was no longer alive could still be topping the charts. He continued to the aforementioned publication: “He doesn’t stay dead, he is constantly putting another album out.  “It’s like mouse and cheese. He goes, ‘OK’ and then the cheese goes further away.”  Continuing, he explained that he is still confused about everything that has happened in his life.  The star furthered that competing with Elvis was another “mind-bending moment”.  “That being said, I am really ambitious and really competitive and I really want it. Watch out, Elvis.” DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) Robbie also discussed his relationship with Oasis brother Noel and Liam Gallagher. He explained that one highlight was playing Don’t Look Back In Anger at Vale Park two days ago. The brothers have not been as complimentary, however, with Noel calling Robbie’s record-breaking song Angels “Oasis by numbers” this year. Robbie dubbed the words “complimentary” and insisted he considered it to be “high praise”. He went on to say he was a “huge” Oasis fan. Regardless of Noel’s comments, he concluded, he still “digs the band”. For his latest album, Robbie has re-recorded 18 of his biggest hits with the Metropole Orkest, the world’s leading pop and jazz orchestra. Robbie’s new album, XXV, is a collection of all of the singer’s favourite songs throughout his career.