Police are appealing for witnesses following reports of a boat landing and dropping approximately 12 people off at the beach. The people were then taken to two waiting vehicles which immediately left the area.  A police spokesperson said: "A large policing response was sent to the area following this incident being reported to us, but at this time no arrests have been made and those who landed on the beach, currently believed to be migrants, have yet to have been located. "Our initial report states that those who landed on the beach were immediately taken into ,two vehicles that were waiting near-by and which immediately left the area." Police described the vehicles as a silver "people carrier" with blacked out windows and a black "people carrier". The spokesperson continued: We are appealing to the public to help us locate those responsible and so we can locate and ensure the welfare of those who landed on the beach. We would like to hear from anyone who was in the area from 6.30-7.30am and who may have information that could assist with our enquiries."  "We would like to hear from anyone who was in the area from 6.30-7.30am and who may have information that could assist with our enquiries." "We ask anyone who lives in this area of Dartmouth and near Slapton Sands to check dashcams and CCTV and to contact us immediately if the have any footage that can assist." Police urged anyone with information to contact 101 and quote lol 0101 Wednesday 15 June. Alternatively anyone with information could call Crimestoppers at 0800555111 or online at Crimestoppers-uk.org. The news comes as this week has seen a surge in Channel crossings - just yesterday 444 people attempted the journey. READ MORE: Princess Anne ‘sees straight through’ Meghan Markle claims psychic This number is the highest daily figure in two months and more than 10,000 migrants have arrived this year, according to an analysis by Sky News. The Channel is home to rough water and weather - last year 27 people died while attempting to cross in November. The crossings have led to Home Secretary Priti Patel to vow to stop crossings and make the route "unviable". DON'T MISS:'Give up your palaces for migrants' Tory MPs demand of Archbishop [REPORT]Moscow in FLAMES: 'Suspicious' explosion as factory burns [ANALYSIS]Ukraine: Putin hit by huge revolt [LIVE]  However, her plans were dealt a blow when, last night, her flagship policy of sending those who arrive here illegally to Rwanda for processing did not go ahead following injunctions issued by the European Court of Human Rights on behalf of the asylum seekers. The Government has vowed that it will change laws or even leave the European Convention on Human Rights in order to enact the policy. It claims that the policy is the only way to break up "evil" people smuggling gangs who profit from sending migrants and asylum seekers across the Channel. 