Great skin is not a matter of DNA - your daily habits have a big impact on what you see in the mirror. If you’re tired, dehydrated, stressed or not feeding your body healthy and nutritious foods, your skin shows this. Many women wake up with puffy, wrinkled or dehydrated skin, and one way to combat this is by having a dedicated night-time skincare routine that does all the hard work for you, while you sleep. Express.co.uk spoke to experts at Alya Skin about why night creams are so important when it comes to anti-ageing. The goal of any skincare routine is to create a healthy complexion and also troubleshoot or target any areas that need improving. Many people focus on improving the appearance of their skin first thing in the morning with a simple two-step routine. Most cleanse - or wash their face - before applying moisturiser to hydrate and soften the skin. Some might add in an extra step and use a toner to balance the skin. READ MORE: Why you shouldn’t use whitening toothpaste according to a dentist But one way to improve the appearance of your skin is by adding in a night cream - maximising the amount of time your skin can refresh itself without makeup, or environmental aggressors. Night creams are generally thicker in consistency than a day cream. They also tend to have a higher concentration of ingredients that boost cell turnover, hydration and circulation. To add to this, wrinkles and fine lines are more notable when collagen is depleted. DON'T MISS...Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack [TIPS]Effective way to remove toilet limescale with ‘no scrubbing required’ [EXPERT]Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral [INSIDER] Using a night cream boosts your collagen production. Therefore, night creams are arguably the best product to use in your skincare routine. Alya Skin spoke about their Pink Marine Collagen Sleep Mask - its newest product to launch - and how it can prevent skin from puffing, and looking tired. Alya Skin explained how the face mask is “a luxurious overnight treatment that delivers bouncy and bright skin the very next morning”. READ MORE: Why you shouldn’t use whitening toothpaste according to a dentist The brand uses the best Australian botanicals to enrich the skin's moisture barrier. The face mask, in particular, is made with Marine Collagen, Red Algae, and Strawberry Gum. It has a “pillow-proof formula” that “strengthens the skin”. Not only that, but it also “fights the signs of anti-ageing, and brightens” the skin's overall appearance. Alya Skin says: “This sleep mask transforms your skin overnight. “Upon waking, your complexion will look rejuvenated and feel hydrated, supple and glowy all day.” It claimed it’s a “wonder mask” that “delivers your beauty sleep in a jar”. Alya Skin's Pink Marine Collagen Sleep Mask can be purchased direct for £29.95.