Most people love cheese, but are we maximising on taste and longevity as much as we can? Hero Hirsh from Paxton & Whitfield, the UK's oldest cheesemonger, told Express.co.uk how cheese lovers can make the most out of this food. Hero began: "A good piece of advice for when buying cheese is to buy less cheese, but bigger pieces. "Bigger pieces store better over time than lots of small cuts." This will save cheese lovers money over time as they won't need to buy any unnecessarily. But according to the expert, choosing a cheese is just the beginning when it comes to determining taste. READ MORE: Parent's unusual food hack "absolutely revolutionises' mealtimes She exclusively told Express.co.uk: "How you treat the cheese prior to serving has an important impact on your enjoyment of it. "Cheese keeps best when stored in the salad drawer of your fridge because this retains higher humidity levels. "However, do bear in mind that if using the salad compartment to store your cheese, do not also store salad items in the same compartment, as they can transfer harmful bacteria to the cheese." For optimum taste, it should be stored separately from other products. Hero revealed to readers the ideal way to conserve the delicious food product and ensure better taste. "Wrapping your cheese in waxed paper, re-usable beeswax wraps or greaseproof paper allows the cheese to breathe better than wrapping in clingfilm." The incredibly versatile ingredient is the star of the show when it comes to wine and cheese nights. For the perfect dinner party, "a hard cheese, a blue, a soft cheese and a piece of cheese that is slightly different or surprising is all that you need to create an appealing cheeseboard", according to the cheesemonger. And to ensure the best taste possible, Hero recommended avoiding serving cheese straight out of the fridge. "Before serving, allow your cheese to come to room temperature between 18 and 23 degrees centigrade for an hour or so. "This will help improve the flavour when you come to eat it." The way a piece of cheese is cut can also be a huge determiner of taste. "Generally, if cutting a piece of cheese that has already been cut from a larger piece (a traditional farmhouse Cheddar such as Montgomery’s), slices should be cut lengthwise from the nose to the rind. "By doing this you’ll taste the full variety and depth of flavour of the cheese." A log shaped cheese should be sliced horizontally, according to the expert, while circle shaped cheese should be cut like a cake. Hero Hirsh is the head of retail at Paxton & Whitfield, the UK’s oldest cheesemonger.