It may not seem important at the time but you will regret not having considered a business or financial proposition put to you now. If you decide to leave it for another day, someone else could jump in and take up this opportunity. Also, there is no time like the present to tell someone special how you feel about them. Confirmation of a long-term loan or mortgage will give you plenty to be happy about. You’re about to see some big changes in your life and these are changes you have chosen to make. If you’re in the middle of some property transactions, today’s developments will give you something to celebrate. Your boss or a senior colleague will imply, in their conversations, that things are about to change. Their intention is to get you to take an interest in new opportunities. Doors that are about to open up for you will give you a chance to reach new career heights.  You have a plan, but it hasn’t yet come to fruition. You expected faster results but don’t give up. Instead, nourish and feed what has already been started and watch it grow. Someone close keeps bringing up a matter that caused contention in the past. You will prefer to let bygones be bygones. You miss out on a chance to travel and you feel annoyed with yourself for having turned down an offer to join someone on a short trip or journey. Everyday tasks are starting to bore you. At least start planning something different for the weeks ahead to give yourself something to look forward to. A business rival will try to stir things. This challenge is just what you need to restore your zest for life and to reimagine a new you. Recently it has felt as if your life has been going nowhere. However, accepting an unexpected offer or opportunity could change all of this in an instant.  Before jumping at an opportunity someone you hardly know puts to you, stop, look and listen. Do you know each other well enough to make a joint commitment that could be long-lasting or that might tie you up in the future? Hasty decisions are not favoured. You’ve had time to think about a recent offer. Someone is waiting for your decision and they will be both relieved and excited that you have decided to go ahead. Financial arrangements are going well but as lucky as you may feel, you will still need to keep your wits about you. Family obligations interfere with work commitments or vice-versa. You have to decide on what is most important to you at this time. It won’t be that you are deliberately neglecting anyone or anything. There’s only so much you can fit into a day. Work out your priorities.  You’re trying to understand a growing feeling of dissatisfaction. The guilt you feel is because a partner shows no signs of noticing anything is wrong. You just aren’t happy and a heated conversation will not only clear the air, but it will provide the answers you are looking for. People you were once happy to help are starting to expect more and more from you. It seems impossible to keep someone happy. What’s important now is to recognise when you have reached your limit. Admit to the need to reduce commitments. A home improvement project is making good progress. You never expected fast results as renovating a bathroom or kitchen will take time. Fixing your environment and giving it a homely touch is what you are focused on now. A photo found in a drawer will bring back some happy memories. 