In 2022, Queen Elizabeth II became the first British monarch to give 70 years service to the crown. In recognition of the unique landmark, a special bank holiday weekend will take place. The extra time off for some Britons will allow them to take part in the celebrations, and spend time with their families. Monday, June 6, is not part of the bank holiday weekend, and so most UK residents will return to work on this date. The bank holiday period begins on Thursday, June 2 and finishes on Sunday, June 5. To accommodate for the Platinum Jubilee, the spring bank holiday - usually the last Monday of May - was moved.  READ MORE: Armed police storm London high street after major incident Typically, there are around eight bank holidays each year, though special milestones - such as the Platinum Jubilee - will occasionally see more days added. Traditional bank holidays in Britain include Christmas Day, Boxing Day and New Year’s Day, around the Christmas period. Several are also held each year when Easter is celebrated in May. A bank holiday is a national public holiday in Great Britain, Republic of Ireland and the Crown dependencies.  The term refers to all public holidays in the UK, be they set out in statute, declared by royal proclamation or held by convention under common law. Across the bank holiday weekend, a number of events are planned to help celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Kicking things off on Thursday will be her Majesty’s official birthday Trooping the Colour parade. The ceremony will end with an RAF flypast watched by members of the Royal Family, on the balcony of Buckingham Palace.  DON'T MISS: Mum stabs Next workers who stopped her stealing baby clothes [NEWS]Royal Family LIVE: Harry awarded 'exceptional status' ahead of Jubilee [LIVE]Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return  [INSIGHT] On the same day, more than 1,500 beacons will be lit across the UK, to commemorate the Queen serving for seven decades as the monarch. A special Service of Thanksgiving will be held on Friday, where Great Paul, the country's largest church bell, will ring. When we reach the weekend, members of the Royal Family are expected to attend the Derby at Epsom Downs. A live concert in front of the Palace - dubbed the Platinum Party - will also be staged, and feature musical acts such as Diana Ross, Queen, Duran Duran, Sir Rod Stewart and Sam Ryder.  Topping things on Sunday will be a Platinum Jubilee Pageant, which will tell the story of the Queen's reign. It will feature military personnel, dancers, puppets of corgis, and a performance by Ed Sheeran. On Sunday, millions of Britons are expected to attend street parties, celebrating the Jubilee. Pubs, bars and nightclubs can also stay open until 1am between June 2 and 4. 