Erik ten Hag certainly will have known the size of the task at hand when taking charge of Manchester United. However, his first few months at the club's helm may have taken him by surprise on the transfer front. The Red Devils are in major need of a shakeup following their somewhat embarrassing season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, and then Ralf Rangnick. The departure of players that were out of contract – such as Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard amongst others – has cleared space in the changing room. However, Ten Hag is already finding it difficult to bring in the fresh faces that he needs to progress the club due to a recurring factor – United no longer have the pull that they once had. Under Sir Alex Ferguson when they were competing for trophies left right and centre, top talent wouldn’t dream of snubbing the club. But already this summer, three players are needing serious convincing to head to Old Trafford. Barcelona midfielder Frenkie De Jong was one of Ten Hag’s top targets when he took charge of United, but his former Ajax player made it clear from the get-go that he wanted to remain at the Camp Nou. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings Reports have circulated that De Jong is now open to the challenge, though a deal still has not been reached. Christian Eriksen, too, is a player that United’s higher powers are having to persuade to embark on their project – with Brentford keen to keep the Denmark international having helped him find his form back in the Premier League following his cardiac arrest at Euro 2020. Thomas Frank’s side finished just 12 points behind United last season despite it being their first campaign in the Premier League – and Eriksen’s uncertainty in who to sign for only underlines that Ten Hag will need to transform the Red Devils if he is to attract the very best in the business to the Theatre of Dreams. Although reports are suggesting Eriksen is now likely to make the move to United, the prolonged decision-making period highlights that there is a genuine concern for players in heading to the club. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Jurrien Timber was another of Ten Hag’s priorities when looking to strengthen his options in central defence, but his fear of being out of form at United and thus missing out on a place in the Netherlands Qatar World Cup squad proven too great of a risk for him to make the move. And after how last season's squad were tarnished by results, it's an understandable worry for the 21-year-old. United supporters will be the first to admit that, although they have an outstanding history, they are no longer the attractive proposition once were. Ten Hag’s assistant Steve McClaren has spoken publicly about how he is keen to change the ‘culture’ of United, but that will only truly impact the club if it correlates with results. Returning to the Champions League is the first logical step in United’s return to the top of the Premier League, and only once they appear to have closed the gap in quality between themselves and their rivals, Liverpool and Manchester City, will players no longer see signing for the club as a risk, and instead as a privilege once again.