To mark Queen Elizabeth II serving as the monarch for 70 years, celebrations will be held across the UK, at the beginning of June. Britons will be able to take part thanks to four bank holidays. But these could mean slightly different opening hours for businesses, including B&M and Dunelm. The bank holiday weekend will begin on Thursday, June 2 and finish on Sunday, June 5. When it arrives, some UK residents might look at it as an opportunity to chalk off any outstanding jobs they have left around the house. DIY work can be a favourite pastime for many homeowners, who struggle to put aside time during a normal week. READ MORE: British pound faces 'existential threat' as global currency  At present, B&M has yet to announce its official opening times for the bank holiday weekend, but it has said it will keep customers updated nearer the time. In previous years, bank holiday operating hours tend to see B&M closing its doors at 6.30pm, instead of the usual 8pm. So, you could expect to see similar hours over the Jubilee weekend. To make extra sure that your local branch is open, it’s advised you check its opening hours, using the firm’s store finder function.  Dunelm also hasn’t announced any changes for its official bank holiday opening hours. But if past years are anything to go by, you could expect its stores to remain open as usual from 9am to 9pm. Once again, you can check to see if your local branch is open across the bank holiday by searching on its store finder search tool. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Over-possessive' Fears erupt over Meghan's actions [LIVE]Family on Champions League 'horror film' as 'hundreds with Stanley kni [NEWS]POLL: Do you want to bring back pounds and ounces? [POLL]  To help celebrate the Jubilee, Buckingham Palace has announced several tours, of Royal Family members, will be taking place. Among the Royals taking part are Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Princess Anne. The tours will take in all four nations that make up the UK. For example, Will and Kate will spend some of the bank holiday weekend visiting Wales. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall are likely to remain in London and attend events over the four-day weekend.  For the 2022 celebrations, the Palace announced a gathering on the Buckingham Palace balcony, after the Trooping the Colour ceremony, will be limited to just working Royals. The event is due to take place on Thursday, June 2, and is expected to feature 18 members of the Royal Family. But Harry and Meghan have been omitted from the line-up, after the pair gave up official Royal duties two years ago. A Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." 