Good Morning Britain presenter Richard Madeley locked horns with RMT boss Mick Lynch on Tuesday's instalment of the ITV news programme. Mick is behind the largest rail strike in three decades which is expected to cause disruption across the nation. Their interview turned heated after Richard asked whether the unionist was a Marxist. Richard started off by asking: "Are you a Marxist? Because if you are a Marxist you are into revolution and into bringing down capitalism. So are you or aren't you?"Mick replied: "Richard you do come up with the most remarkable twaddle sometimes, I have got to say."However, Richard clapped back: "Woah, woah, woah, I didn't say you're a Marxist I am saying you are being accused of being a Marxist."That's not twaddle, that's called reporting." READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Mick, who is on a reported salary of £124,000, replied: "I am not a Marxist I am elected official of the RMT, I am a working-class bloke leading a trade union about jobs, pay and conditions. "It's got nothing to do with Marxism, it is an industrial dispute, that is what it is all about." Richard, who struggled to let Mick's remarks drop continued: "I want to emphasise that I am not talking twaddle and accusing you of being a Marxist I am merely quoting people who are, including many of the newspapers." Mick told the broadcaster it sounded as though he was branded a Marxist, to which Richard replied: "Well, I am sorry if it did but I don't think it was."   He then tried to move on with the interview and wanted to "get down to it" and discuss how 50,000 RMT members are set to walk out across the week. The strikes are expected to cause disruption to several industries and major events, such as Glastonbury Festival, are due to be impacted. Schools have warned thousands of students taking national exams will also be affected and doctors have warned patients who cannot access hospitals will be impacted. Economists at the Centre for Economics and Business Research believe the strikes hit the economy by £91million.  DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley lashes out over rail strikes in GMB row  [LATEST]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [UPDATE]Richard Madeley admits wife Judy 'doesn't miss' being on TV  [VIDEO]  Good Morning Britain viewers were divided over the rail strike debate, with many taking to Twitter to voice their opinions. Katie commented: "Mick Lynch talking about wages - who himself earns £124K. And during the last decade has earned over £750K - is that an average working person's wage? Everything anyone else says is twaddle, but the way he was putting his argument across sounded twaddle!" Henry Joy said: "@GMB Richard Madeley was in full Alan Partridge mode this morning on @gmb and getting absolutely destroyed by RMT leader Mick Lynch." Sean added: "Richard Madeley talking twaddle as usual. Making the rail union out as the villains shows why the Tories control the media. Madeley is so nauseating." (sic)  Sue Kelly remarked: "I love Mick Lynch of #RMTUnion! Putting Richard Madeley in his place and explaining to Ranvir Singh that he is NOT a member of @UKLabour nor is the union affiliated with them. I wonder why?" (sic) Geraldine Poole said: "#RichardMadeley was put in his place by #MickLynch of @RMTunion responding to a question if he is a Marxist - 'You do come up with the most remarkable twaddle'... Spot on Mick!" (sic) However, Toby Gilham added: "Richard Madeley in fine form this morning on Good Morning Britain. Fantastic, so funny." Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 