Ralf Rangnick got it spot on when he told Manchester United to sign Christopher Nkunku back in January but a move never went ahead. While the German might no longer be at the club, it might be wise to listen to other transfer wishes at the time. United are just one of several clubs desperate to sign Nkunku this summer from RB Leipzig after a jaw-dropping campaign in the Bundesliga and Europe. In 51 appearances, the Frenchman scored 35 times and registered 20 assists across all competitions. Back in January, Rangnick was furious with the club's lack of scouting over the 24-year-old, shocked by the fact that there was little information on him available. The German coach was keen on United signing the forward but a move failed to transpire as January came and went without any incoming arrivals. Instead, the Red Devils limped to the end of the season, finishing with their lowest points total in their history in the Premier League. While it is unlikely that Nkunku would have even considered a move to Old Trafford at the time, it indicates that Rangnick at least had the right idea on who to bring to the club. Another player that the 63-year-old was desperate to sign for the Red Devils in the winter market was Nkunku's teammate, Amadou Haidara. The Mali international is renowned for his energy in midfield and can complete a number of tasks. The 24-year-old can play in both defensive and attacking areas of the pitch and has been tipped to become one of the top midfielders in Europe. Rangnick knows all about him, having signed him twice - first for RB Salzburg then RB Leipzig. However, again, United failed to take action and did not make a serious attempt to try and sign Haidara despite midfield being an area of extreme concern. The losses of Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard, Paul Pogba and Juan Mata have left the Red Devils light in the centre of the pitch. That leaves Scott McTominay and Fred as the only two real options in midfield - two players that have largely come under fire during the last season or so. While Erik ten Hag might have his own ideas, it might be best to listen to Rangnick on this occasion and try and revive a move for Haidara this summer. Frenkie de Jong has been looked at but a move for the Barcelona star is borderline fanciful considering the Dutchman is not especially keen on leaving the Nou Camp for Old Trafford. James Garner is a fine talent but might be too raw to jump straight into the United starting XI and could remain on loan at Nottingham Forest after helping them win promotion from the Championship. While the transfer window is yet to start, there is so much business to conduct that it might be wise to get some early transfers in to quell any fear of panic-buying towards the end of the summer. This is one of the most important windows in United's history and they cannot afford to let it pass by.