Prince Charles has had decades to prepare for his future role as King, as he is the longest-serving Prince of Wales in British royal history. Charles has dedicated his life to supporting the Queen with her royal duties, and he has certainly had a successful role model to look up to while receiving his on-the-job training for kingship.  Prince Charles has been known by his very regal first name throughout his life, but as King, he will have the option of picking a different regnal name. He could reign as King Charles III, or he could choose from one of his other middle names. Charles was born Charles Philip Arthur George and, if he were to choose his last middle name, he would reign as King George VII.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry Prince Charles holds too many titles to count, but perhaps his most famous title is the Prince of Wales title he received from the Queen in 1958. Charles was created the Prince of Wales while he was still a child as the heir apparent to the throne, but when he becomes King this title will be returned to the Crown. When his mother became Queen, Charles automatically became the Duke of Cornwall as the next in line to the throne.   When Charles is King, this title will automatically transfer to his son and heir, Prince William. Charles may also wish to bestow the title of Prince of Wales on his elder son when he is King, as the title is a formal recognition of the heir apparent. If William becomes His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales, this will also mean a title change for his wife Kate, who is currently Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Cambridge. Like Princess Diana was formally known while married to Prince Charles, it stands to reason that Kate will one day be Her Royal Highness The Princess of Wales in this case.  DON'T MISS:Kate blows a kiss for cheeky Prince Louis after his Jubilee antics [INSIGHT]Prince Charles' succession plans laid out by constitutional expert [ANALYSIS]Camilla put her stamp on royal wedding outfit in three key ways [PICTURES] A royal cypher acts as a monogram, and each is unique to the reigning monarch of the time. The Queen's cypher is EIIR, which stands for Elizabeth II Regina, with the latter word meaning 'queen' in Latin. Charles' cypher will depend on what he chooses for his regnal name, but if we assume he sticks with Charles it may be CIIIR, standing for Charles III Rex, with the latter meaning 'king' in Latin. 