The Queen was noticeably absent from the first day of Royal Ascot on Tuesday. But the Queen's only daughter Princess Anne took part in the carriage procession, and she paired her smart ensemble with a pair of dazzling gold and pearl earrings. Eagle-eyed royal fans may have spotted the Princess Royal wearing these earrings on several high-profile occasions in the past and, according to an expert, the gems have "huge sentimental value" to Anne.  Like her mother, Princess Anne favours pearl jewellery for her day-to-day duties, and she has sported several pairs over the years. But the pair of earrings Princess Anne wore to Ascot this year have been in her possession for the best part of six decades, and they are certainly a firm favourite. Steven Stone’s Creative Director, Maxwell Stone, said: “Designed by Andrew Grima, Princess Anne’s Grima Pearl Earrings constitute gold, pearl, and diamonds in a modern leaf design. "Gifted to her by the Queen and Prince Philip in the late 1960s, the earrings are one of Princess Anne’s longest serving pieces of jewellery and have huge sentimental value."  READ MORE: Prince Andrew DEMANDS spotlight as William 'birthright' row deepens Anne tends to wear the earrings without their extra pendant nowadays, but they can be transformed into more glamorous earrings depending on the formality of the event. As a young Princess, Anne was frequently pictured wearing her earrings in this style for high-profile evening outings. Before wearing them to Ascot this week, Anne had worn the earrings earlier this year for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Anne also wore the stunning earrings for the wedding of her daughter Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall in 2011 in Edinburgh, and again at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 2018 nuptials.   But not every occasion Anne has worn the earrings to over the years has been a happy one. Anne poignantly wore the earrings last April at the funeral of her late father Prince Philip, whom she was incredibly close to. The Royal Family are believed to send subtle messages with their jewellery choices, with the Duchess of Cambridge often wearing gems from the late Princess Diana or the Queen's collection for important events. So by turning to them time and again, it could be that Anne wears these gold and pearl earrings to pay a subtle tribute to her parents.  DON'T MISS:Princess Anne turns heads in all-yellow outfit at Royal Ascot [PICTURES]Princess Anne's son joins Camilla and Charles in Ascot carriage ride [INSIGHT]All hail Queen Anne! Britons WOULD support Anne as next monarch - poll [POLL] Mr Stone explained: "Worn frequently at public appearances, the Princess Royal most notably wore them on her first royal tour as an adult, in Australia when she was with her mother at just 19 years old, to her wedding to Timothy Laurence in 1992 and to Prince Phillip’s funeral in 2021. "Having worn the earrings to pay tribute to the Queen when she was unfortunately unable to attend some of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, it’s incredibly touching to see the Princess Royal doing the same at another event that the Queen’s unable to attend." While the earrings aren't the priciest in the royal collection, they clearly mean the world to Princess Anne. Mr Stone added: "The retail price for a pair of earrings like Princess Anne’s would be at the top end of £3,000.” 