Mr Jones responded to broadcaster Lucy Beresford's comments on being a Monarchist. The Left-Wing journalist claimed that the members of the Royal family did not lead difficult lives. Mr Jones also explained that there was nothing special about them as human beings, as they were no different to anyone else. He also claimed the Royal Family were multi-millionaires thanks to the British public. Ms Beresford told Jeremy Vine on 5: "I worry is that when that goes, because as you say the Queen is... We do hope, well I'm not agreeing. "I am a Monarchist, I want the Monarchy to survive, my worry is that it will wobble, once she goes." Mr Jones said: "I mean the idea look... Obviously, they don't have a difficult life. "They have a very happy privileged life, far more privileged than the vast majority of people who have ever lived on this planet.   JUST IN: Police release CCTV footage of suspects attacking Margret Thatcher's statue    "They're millionaires, multi-millionaires thanks to the British public. "And also, look! The whole system is, it's just completely arbitrary, it's not based on their talent or ability, it's just based on which family they're born into. "There is nothing special about them as human beings compared to anybody else." Owen Jones is not the only person in the UK voicing the opinion that the Monarchy should be abolished.   READ MORE:'Absolutely shameless' Sturgeon sparks fury after she's spotted in Royal Box at concert     Users on social media took to Twitter over the weekend to slam the Royal celebrations. An organisation focused on abolishing the Monarchy, posted results from a questionnaire on whether the Royal Family should be abolished. Speaking for Republic, the campaign group that organised the poll, Graham Smith said: "The royals have failed to inspire much interest in the jubilee, despite the enthusiastic support of large sections of the media." "Rather than being a national celebration, the jubilee is a minority interest. The lack of interest across the country and all age groups under 65 shows the monarchy's future is in serious doubt."   DON’T MISS: Man dies after being tasered by police and falling into River Thames Putin warned that West will 'decisively and directly' attack Russia if red line crossed 'Only they could suck life out of Jubilee!' BBC's coverage savaged in furious on-air rant     "As with previous royal events, there is a huge disconnection between the media's portrayal of public attitudes and how people actually feel." "This latest poll again confirms that the British public just aren't that bothered about royal events." "This shouldn't come as a surprise, particularly at the moment while so many are struggling to put food on the table or to pay their energy bills." "But this public indifference to the royals goes beyond current crises, this is a long-term crisis of legitimacy for the monarchy." "We already know from a recent poll that support for the monarchy has fallen sharply over the past ten years, from 75% to 60%, while support for abolition has jumped to more than 1 in 4." "The Queen is by far the most popular royal. If this is the public response to a celebration of her reign, then the monarchy will be in serious trouble when Charles ascends to the throne."   