Manchester United captain Harry Maguire has reportedly made his stance on joining Barcelona known to club chiefs by stating he is happy to stay at Old Trafford - despite rumours of a swap deal for Blaugrana star Frenkie de Jong. Maguire has been a mainstay in United's starting XI ever since his £80million move from Leicester in 2019 after a stellar run for the Foxes and the England team. Despite good performances on the whole, the Sheffield-born star has come under criticism for lapses in concentration and composure with fans calling for Erik ten Hag to replace him. He was sensationally linked with a move away from the club by The Sun in a swap deal for De Jong. But the approach was apparently rejected by the club with Maguire also turning down the chance to depart and start afresh. The publication states that Ten Hag is keen to work with the England star ahead of the upcoming campaign. The Dutch manager has a preference of playing out from the back and Maguire's capability at doing so makes him a valued member of the squad. JUST IN: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop And with certain players being signed to fit into Ten Hag's ethos, the former Hull City star could shine once again in a system that suits him. Maguire reportedly feels that he has 'plenty to prove' following a torrid season at the club last year as United recorded their worst ever season in the Premier League. Instead of a swap deal, United are now expected to spend in the region of £69m for De Jong's services as Ten Hag's first signing as Red Devils boss. And the club could also sign Christian Eriksen in the coming days, although that is up in the air with Brentford interested in retaining his services. Maguire admitted earlier this month that whilst last season was difficult, he was looking forward to this campaign and Ten Hag's 'positive energy'. “It’s been a tough campaign, no hiding away from that. It was a disappointing season individually and as a group,” Maguire told United's official website. READ MORE: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game “Football’s my life. I care about the club so much. I care about winning matches and taking the club to where it should be, where the fans deserve it to be. “I’m sure on the first day of pre-season, everybody will be buzzing around, doing their best to impress and coming back in shape. We have a big season ahead. “We know we are going to improve because last season was nowhere near good enough. The new manager will bring positive energy and the lads will go with that.” 