Lewis Hamilton has disagreed with George Russell over Mercedes' chances to compete at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The seven-time champion warned the track is ‘not great’ for their car in a dire prediction for the weekend despite admitting ‘lots of work’ has been done back at the factory. He stressed the Mercedes is better on ‘smoother circuits’ and not bumpier street tracks. However, Russell was more optimistic, suggesting the team could enjoy ‘Barcelona pace’ this weekend. Speaking in the press conference on Friday, Hamilton said: “Lots of work’s gone on. I hope it's not as bumpy as Monaco but we will find out when we get out there today. Like everyone was saying, lower downforce should be better, I hope so.” When asked if the layout played more to the car’s strengths than Monaco where Mercedes struggled, Hamilton was less optimistic. He added: "Not particularly. When you talk about car strengths, I don't know which ones we can align to here. READ MORE: FIA president releases statement after criticising Lewis Hamilton “We are obviously stronger on a smoother circuit. Barcelona was a lot better for us, for example. There’s more open circuits that aren’t as bumpy, this is a bumpier circuit. “So not necessarily great for the characteristics within our car but it might be smoother, it might be okay.” His comments appeared to contrast those from Russell, who claimed the team could expect a return to the pace seen at the Spanish Grand Prix. At Barcelona, Hamilton had the pace to recover from an early spin to finish in the top five while the team were only a few tenths off Ferrari and Red Bull in qualifying. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's F1 motivation questioned by Sebastian Vettel  [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen warns Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc ahead of Baku [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell's Mercedes cars to showcase new logo [PICS] Russell said: “I think Monaco was a tough one to take any real information from because it's such a unique circuit. The issues you face there are so unique to Monaco that we are just sort of building off Barcelona. “Barcelona was the first race where we had this new update package on the car and we are just constantly developing. I think this will be a good weekend to understand it further. I don’t think we will be right back in the fight. I think we will probably be Barcrelona pace-wise, what we saw there, not too far away.” So far this season, Russell has gotten the better of team-mate Hamilton and lies 34 points ahead. The former Williams man has beaten his more experienced team-mate at every race bar one this season and finished in the top five at every event.