Irita Marriott has quickly grown to become a fan-favourite on Antiques Road Trip after joining the BBC cast last year. She specialises in decorative antiques and in season 22, she was co-hosting alongside fellow star Timothy Medhurst who knows all there is to know about coins. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the expert Irita. Irita started off her career in antiques in 2013 and used to work as a cataloguer and valuer at an auction house in Derbyshire. Since then, she has risen through the ranks and owns her own shop called Irita Marriott Antiques in Bristol. Her website features a variety of decorative antiques up for sale, including items such as glass bowls, porcelain trays and cups and saucers. When she isn't in front of the camera for Antiques Road Trip, Irita is travelling around the UK and the rest of Europe in search of new pieces. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans Little is known about Irita's upbringing but it is known the antiques expert is Latvian. In her website bio, Irita wrote: "I was born in Latvia, but moved to the UK in my early 20s. "I have been working in antiques industry for the last eight years, and have worked as a cataloguer and valuer at a leading Derbyshire auction house. "I am now dealing full time, specialising in decorative antiques, often sourced from frequent buying trips to the continent. "I would consider myself as a new generation dealer and am proud to say have customers worldwide." Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, there have been some concerns other countries, such as Latvia, could be next. The 38-year-old BBC presenter took to Instagram to share her support for those in Ukraine. She said: "In my thoughts I am with every soul afraid, suffering and fighting in Ukraine. "I am so so sad by it all… also a massive thank you to every single one of you who has sent me msgs [sic] of well wishes to my friends and family living in Latvia. "Please pray that it all ends soon and no one else has to get hurt…" DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [SPOILER]Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family [EXPLAINER]Antiques Road Trip expert gobsmacked over huge auction loss 'No!' [REACTION] Irita doesn't tend to share any details regarding her personal life, primarily focusing on her career. But it is known she is married and is the mum of "two lovely sons", according to her website. The family-of-four resides in Bristol where Irita's antique shop is also based. As of late, Irita has been busy filming new episodes of Antiques Road Trip. Irita shared a picture of herself alongside fellow Antiques Road Trip star Izzie Balmer. She said: "What a fantastic way to spend a working day- united with an old friend! "Let’s put it this way… there was no awkward silences…" So there is plenty of laughter to look forward to when Irita and Izzie's episode eventually airs on BBC One. Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.