The Queen's daughter headed to Strathcarron Hospice on Tuesday for her yearly visit to patients and staff. Princess Anne was pictured shaking hands and chatting amiably during the engagement. The Princess Royal donned a chocolate-coloured ensemble and a face mask during her stay at the hospice. In the run-up to the royal visit, there was "a buzz about the hospice", as highlighted by a spokeswoman at Strathcarron. She told Express.co.uk: "Strathcarron's annual visit from HRH The Princess Royal is a special date in our diary. "There is always a buzz about the Hospice in the days running up to her arrival, in anticipation." Anne took the time to speak privately with patients at the hospice, the spokeswoman added. She said: "Each patient will receive a photo of their private meeting with her. "We know these become cherished family mementos of a lovely day." Princess Anne was also presented with a gift she will surely cherish. READ MORE: Lilibet's first meeting with Charles was 'very emotional' The former equestrian was given a piece of artwork painted by 17-year-old Connor Draycott, which shows the Princess Royal riding her favourite horse, Doublet. The animal was a Thoroughbred cross gelding presented to Anne as a gift from the Queen. Anne rode Doublet during the 1971 European Eventing Championship, when she earned a gold medal. Talented artist Connor was one of the students from nearby Larbert High School in attendance during the royal visit to the hospice. In partnership with the institution, the pupils designed and transformed second-hand clothes into new statement pieces in support of the hospice. Princess Anne has been carrying out several engagements in Scotland over the past few days. On June 28, she led an investiture ceremony at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. On the following day, Anne was one of the members of the Royal Family to take part in the traditional garden party held at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. This comes as the Queen is marking the yearly Holyrood Week, during which the sovereign spends a few days visiting Scotland and meeting local royal fans, businesses and charity leaders. On Monday, the monarch attended the ancient Ceremony of the Keys, during which she was handed - and refused - the keys to the city of Edinburgh by the Lord Provost. On Tuesday, the monarch presented John Wallace - an internationally renowned Scottish trumpet soloist - with The Queen’s Medal for Music 2021. And on Wednesday, the Queen held a private audience with Nicola Sturgeon. This meeting took place just hours after the Scottish First Minister announced her intention to push forward with a second referendum on Scotland's independence. Speaking to MSPs on June 28, Ms Sturgeon proposed October 19, 2023 as a possible date to hold the vote, and informed them she had already sought the formal consent to carry out the ballot from Prime Minister Boris Johnson.