   Stacey Solomon, 32, admitted the bond she witnessed between her dad and fiancé Joe Swash, 40, “made her cry” today. The family were busy celebrating Father’s Day as Stacey shared some cute pics from the day with her 5.2 million Instagram followers.      Stacey took to social media today to express her affection for her family and Joe, who is father to their children Rex, 3, and nine-month-old Rose. The Loose Women star is also mother to Zach, 13, whom she shares with ex-boyfriend Dean Cox. Stacey welcomed Zach when she was 17 years old - just one year before she shot to stardom on X Factor. The presenter also shares ten-year-old son Leighton with ex-fiancé Aaron Barnham, whom she split with in 2014.     Stacey is also step-mum to Joe’s 13-year-old son Harry, whom he shares with his ex-fiancée Emma Sophocleous. Sharing a photo of Joe, her father and three of their children, Stacey penned on Instagram: “Dad, who we look up to no matter how tall we grow. “The way my dad loves Joe actually makes me cry,” she added with laughing and crying emojis. The star also included an adorable clip of baby Rose giggling with the caption: “How are you so darn cute Rose?”      Other snaps on Stacey’s story showed the family’s impressive looking breakfast table, complete with cinnamon swirls. “Good Morning, Happy Daddy’s Day,” Stacey wrote over a picture of the their elegant looking dinner table. Yesterday, Stacey revealed that she and Harry had been working on a sweet surprise for his dad Joe for Father’s Day. “So me and Harry have spent this evening working on a special Father’s Day present for Joe,” she wrote. READ MORE... Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  [UPDATE] Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [LATEST] Victoria Beckham sends warning to David amid time away on Father's Day [NEWS]       “Joe saved this wood slice from the fire wood because he loved it so much so Harry wanted to make him a little side table out of it.” The video showed Harry preparing the piece of wood and transforming it into an impressive furniture piece. In the next image, Stacey proudly displayed the finished table, captioning it: “Harry’s Father’s Day wood slice side table. “It’s amazing @HarrySwash dad’s going to love it.” (sic)      Using a watery–eyed emoji, she continued: “I am going to stay up until it’s dry and put some would seal on it for him. (sic) “P.S. I’ve hidden Joe from our stories,” she added mischievously. Joe and Stacey got engaged when Joe popped the question on Christmas Eve of 2020. The pair met on ITV’s I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! where they each became king and queen of the jungle in their respective years.  