The Prince of Wales, 73, has long been reported to want to slim down the monarchy. And Kinsey Schofield said the Firm could be pruned to far fewer members. Ms Schofield highlighted the Queen, Charles, Camilla, Prince William, Kate, Princess Anne, Prince Edward and Sophie as the royal lineup. She told Insider: "While these are all individuals that will be out in the future representing the crown, I think Charles will try to draw attention to himself, Camilla, and the Cambridge family as the future of the monarchy." It comes as heir to the throne Charles and other royals are taking on more responsibilities from the 96-year-old monarch. The Royal Family has already lost working members with Prince Andrew, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex quit royal duties for a new life of personal and financial freedom in the US. Meanwhile, the Duke of York is reportedly eyeing up a royal comeback. However, Charles and William are said to have lobbied the Queen to block Andrew from appearing in public for Garter Day earlier this month. The occasion laid bare the Royal Family's problem of what formal role, if any, he will play after his reputation was severely tarnished by his involvement in a civil sexual assault case. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'sucked into alien world' as William rift 'unsolvable' Andrew has always strenuously denied the allegations and the settlement earlier this year was not an admission of guilt on his part. William is said to be "absolutely on the same page" as his father when it comes to a slimmed-down monarchy. A source told the Daily Mail: "He is very close to his cousins, Beatrice and Eugenie, but these women have their own families and careers and he believes this is a very good thing. "He is even closer to Zara (Tindall) and Peter (Phillips) and admires the lives they have built outside of the family. DON'T MISSQueen to host ‘stylish’ birthday bash for William and Kate [INSIGHT]Prince William still 'very hurt' after Harry and Meghan family lashing [ANALYSIS]Americans fury at Meghan Markle ‘bullying report’ locked up [VIDEO] "They will always all be included in family moments, but that's very different from having royal roles." The Duke of Cambridge is also said to be opposed to his uncle Andrew returning to public duties. A source said: "He has strong views on the Duke of York and believes his insistence in trying to cling on to a public role is highly dangerous for the institution. "He would have cut him loose a long time ago if it had been up to him. "He understands that when it comes to mother and son the situation is complicated, but honestly I think he just wishes he would vanish from public view." The Queen sent a message about the future of the Royal Family as she stepped out on Buckingham Palace's balcony for the Platinum Jubilee finale. The nation's longest-reigning monarch was joined by Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall, William, Kate and their three children. 