Last week, EastEnders bosses confirmed Lola (played by Danielle Harold) would be leaving Walford as the actress had been axed from the soap. The news came as a shock to fans because Lola is a popular long-term character in the BBC show. Ever since, several have tried to work out how Lola's end could come about, and one theory suggests she will be murdered by a mysterious newcomer.  Recent scenes on the soap saw Lola left heartbroken after she discovered her boyfriend Isaac Baptiste (Stevie Basaula) had cheated on her. Trying to move on, she has since been using dating apps, which have featured heavily in her scenes since. Coupled with this is the arrival of an obnoxious mechanic, fans are certain they've worked out her death. Could the new character, who is a friend of Jay Brown's (Jamie Borthwick) really be capable of killing? READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford Fans believe all clues point to the dark storyline after eagle-eyed viewers picked up on a few signs. Twitter user @Esltutor24 shared: "I have a feeling that mechanic will be part of Lola's exit. "They're showing a lot of Lola doing an online dating profile. "We've seen the mechanic is overfriendly, seems mysogonistic and mentions he likes petite blondes. I'm almost certain Lola will be killed by him #EastEnders."  @marilivetweets echoed this theory, writing: "This mechanic dude gonna kill Lola? #Eastenders." @SilentTheatre1 penned: "So Lola and the new mechanic look like they are going to get together as he just happens to mention he likes petite blondes. #EastEnders." This isn't the only theory doing the rounds though, as other fans have suggested Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) or someone else could kill Lola by accident. @embraceostomy commented: "Might be a crazy theory but what if Lewis goes on the same app that Lola on and catfish her for revenge for Ben telling Kathy he got raped so getting him sacked, and then get into an argument and kills Lola by mistake. #Ballum #Eastenders." DON'T MISS... Sue Barker steps down from hosting Wimbledon after three decades [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Leah describes moment health took a while filming [EXCLUSIVE]Sue Barker’s Wimbledon exit sparks fury from fans 'What a loss' [REACTION] @RyanGSoapKing11 stated: "I want to know who has beef with Lola so much to the point they want to kill her? "#EastEnders I have a feeling that might make Ben attack Lola and he kills her by accident." BovaryCee replied: "He could. Ben is going through the stages of shock, denial, and will eventually get to the anger part on top of his already loose anger issue. "An argument like with Heather could happen again. I just don't think Lola should be killed off." Long-tern fans will remember Ben murdered Heather Trott (Cheryl Fergison) in 2012 by hitting her with a photo frame. Ben is currently coming to terms with the fact he has been raped by barman Lewis Butler (Aidan O'Callaghan). Meanwhile, Jay introduced a new mechanic to help out at The Arches. He was quick to talk to Ben about women and his taste in them, and seems likely to cause trouble. EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.