Scarlette Douglas, 32, is notorious for role on A Place in the Sun helping couples find their dream home, with Scarlette continuing her passion for property in her latest career move. With the second episode airing this evening of Flipping Fast, Scarlette spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about a "really bad" issue that happened on the show, that could "flip everything on its head". Scarlette takes part on Flipping Fast alongside her brother Stuart Douglas and Amazing Spaces George Clarke. Express.co.uk asked Scarlette if she faced any obstacles on the show. She replied: "We haven’t, but some of the competitors have and that’s the beauty of this show is that you are literally riding a wave with them throughout the whole series. "As property is whether it's paying a developer, whether it’s the property market as there's turbulent times when it’s not great and you think why have I done this or it’s going great and you’re on a massive high. READ MORE: Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule "So you will definitely see throughout the series the highs and lows of property that everyone has endured in this competition." She continued: "But there is a part in the show that I won't go into but there's a moment where someone had something really bad happen. "It could all flip on its head, but you are just going to have to wait and see what happens!" Flipping Fast follows six teams from across the UK who think they have what it takes to make it as big time entrepreneurs. The budding developers are given a whopping £100,000 investment to kickstart their business, competing against each other to see who can make the most profit from property in just 12 months. The competitors receive advice from George, Scarlette and Stuart, but they will only be able to get the chance to find out how the others are doing when each property listing goes live. As well as getting to keep their profits, the winner gets a cash prize of £100,000. Express.co.uk also asked Scarlette's brother Stuart if he was given any presenting tips from his sister. DON'T MISS... Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikin [PICS] 'Dying is hard' Deborah James says amid terminal cancer diagnosis [HEALTH] Tom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame [CONCERN] He said: "Well, you say tips, I would say more telling offs. She had a habit of telling me off and telling me what I am not and perhaps what I am doing correctly. "The dynamic of our relationship is generally because we are siblings and it hasn't changed, it's always been like this. "We love one another, our families are very close. So we can probably say things to each other that other presenters couldn't." He continued: "But when you watch the show you will see that I did get told off and you'll understand that's it, that's our reality. "We do work well together but we are very competitive, that's for sure." The presenting siblings have a history in properties with Scarlette buying her first house at just 24. From there she became an award-winning television presenter with A Place in the Sun and since has helped on many property shows. Stuart, meanwhile, has been nominated Best Debut Presenter at the New Voice Awards 2022 after not working in the presenting industry very long. After buying a converted factory in 1999 and refurbishing the place, Stuart realised he had a passion for properties. It was a catalyst for him to buy and develop in the locations of the football clubs he played for. With Scarlette’s candid input, he developed and sold numerous properties which assisted his progression into the world of broadcast. You can watch Flipping Fast tonight on Channel 4 at 9pm