Good Morning Britain presenter Ben Shephard has a very busy schedule from presenting his morning programme, to fronting the quiz show Tipping Point and running his own production company. The on-screen star has spoken out about his various gigs as he talked about taking some downtime. The 47-year-old spoke candidly about enjoying some well deserved "rest and relaxation" during a new interview this month. The ITV favourite chatted with comedian Suzi Ruffell and Sunday Times columnist Will Lyons on their podcast Wine Club. Ben explained that TV can be a "bit like smoke and mirrors" as the podcast hosts suggested the presenter is always on-air. Suzi commented: "You're really busy. Like always. Always shooting Tipping Point. You're always making TV shows as well. Do you have much time for an 'R&R'? READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux "When do you get to relax?" Ben replied: "It's a bit smoke and mirrors. Because Tipping Point's on a lot. We do [the show] in blocks. This is the tenth year of the show actually. "We're just about to come to the end of series 13. We'll have some celebrity shows coming up and some more celebs are going to take part." The TV presenter explained that although it may feel like he is on the television a lot this is not actually the case.   He continued: "We film [Tipping Point] in blocks so there is a lot of stuff to do. Then it's on a lot and it gets repeated a lot because it does well, which is lovely. "So it feels like I'm doing a lot all of the time but there are times when I can have a bit of time off." Ben explained he would be taking a break from the ITV show over the summer period but it does not mean he will be putting his feet up. The dad-of-two shared he will be using his time to produce more shows for ITV via his production company. DON'T MISS... Mike Tindall's Prince Louis theory 'disproved' in exhausted Kate claim[LATEST]Holly Willoughby stuns in pink at Royal Ascot[PICTURES]Christie Brinkley, 68, leaves fans speechless in tiny bikini[INSTAGRAM] Ben added: "But a lot of the downtime I'm having we are now producing other TV shows. "We make Linguo for ITV. We're just about to make American Linguo. And a celeb version." The GMB host recently took to Instagram and announced his last day filming Tipping Point. In view of his 520,000 followers, he penned: "So today was the last day of filming for @itvtippingpoint daytime shows as @philltarling points out Series 13 ep 100 or 1550 over the last 10 years! @justinejenkins hadn’t done her homework!! "Thanks to all the brilliant contestants for their bravery jackpots and especially wonderful answers this series!! Also thanks to the whole @itvtippingpoint team it’s a huge challenge and they are awesome. "Special thanks to @philltarling + @justinejenkins and also @johamiltonmakeup + @rebeccarichardsmakeup who somehow keep me going, looking sharp and vaguely healthy!! Next week we start the #luckystars filming roll on the celebs!!" He added the hashtags: "#teamshep #tippingpoint." Tipping Point returns to ITV on June 20 at 4pm. 