Adam Peaty’s girlfriend Eiri Munro has been left devastated as the Olympic swimmer left her with their young son, George, on Father’s Day. The brunette took to Instagram to share her sadness with her 29,000 followers. She penned: “Happy Father’s Day @adam_peaty.  “’Daddy’ is often the first thing George says in the morning and the last thing he says at night.  “The weeks that you have to spend away only get harder when I find George running from room to room trying to find where you’re hiding.  “But knowing that he is always thinking of you, always excited to see you, desperate to hear you read a story, to eat with you, swim with you, even just be in your presence… it confirms what I already knew and what I’d always hoped for. READ MORE:Adele and Harry Styles 'snubbed Queen's jubilee concert invite' “A best friend, a role model and one hell of a father. Thank you for everything you do.”Eiri also shared a selection of adorable pictures of Adam and George. The couple have been in a relationship since they met at Loughborough University.  Adam is currently at a training camp in Lanzarote with Team England in preparation for the Commonwealth Games.He was supposed to compete in the Budapest World Aquatics Championships this weekend but had to miss the event after fracturing his foot whilst training.The Strictly Come Dancing star said he is “absolutely gutted” to miss the competition but knows he needs time to heal.He wrote to his 593,000 followers: “A huge good luck to the team out in Budapest...Representing GB is always an honour, never forget that. DON'T MISSDan Walker says Piers Morgan 'overstepped the mark' in rivalry[LATEST]Shirley Ballas bids 'difficult farewell' as she issues health update[INSIGHT]George Michael ended Martin and Shirlie Kemp's US move amid argument[NEWS] “Still absolutely gutted I’m not there competing but if there is two things I’ve learnt this past six weeks, it’s patience and pain. Both will help me in the long run.  “My foot is healing exactly how it should and I don’t have to wear a boot everywhere anymore which was really testing my sanity.”Earlier this week, Eiri spoke again about her heartache when Adam is away.During an Instagram Q&A, one follower asked whether she finds it hard when Adam is absent. 