Harry Maguire has rounded on the warped ‘fans’ who threatened to bomb his house just because his form slipped this season. The Manchester United captain had to call in the police and have his house searched by sniffer dogs after the emailed threat six weeks ago. And, breaking his silence on Tuesday, Maguire issued a plea for supporters to take a breath and remember footballers are people too. “I’m in a position where I’m going to be criticised. Manchester United paid a large sum of money for me, it is one of the most loved clubs in the world and also one of the most hated in the world as well. We know we are under the most scrutiny,” said Maguire. “I totally accept criticism when we concede goals or make mistakes. “I’m big enough to accept people getting on my back and saying I can improve. But there is a line where we are human beings. I do have a family. People ask if it affects me. My mentality is that it doesn’t affect me too much but when it comes to bomb threats, it is more about family. I’m just happy my kids are at an age where they don’t read things and see things on the news.” In a normal football cycle the end of the club season would roll on into a World Cup. Unfortunately it is forecast to be 105 degrees in Qatar today. No one is more pleased about the delay the desert climate poses than Maguire. After the domestic campaign he has just endured he would be sleep-walking into the greatest football show on earth. With the first winter World Cup inked in instead, Maguire is at St George’s Park with England ahead of four Nations League matches beginning the regeneration process after what he candidly admitted has been his annus horribilis. “I think after the season we've had as Manchester United players - I mean there's only me here in the squad now - we've probably got a few months to get our form back and get our belief back and confidence back but I'm sure it'll come back,” said Maguire. “I am my biggest critic. Although there are a lot of critics out there I'm actually still my biggest. The next biggest is probably my dad. “Obviously this season has been a challenging part of my career but during a career of ten or 15 years, if you want to play at the top, you're going to have ups and downs, you're going to concede goals, you're going to make mistakes and you're going to go through spells of being under pressure to deliver performances. This is that season for me and I'm sure I'll come over it and I'm sure I'll be back to playing my best football very soon.” MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Newcastle 'prepare Calvert-Lewin bid' to rival Man Utd and ArsenalPerisic admits Arsenal had chance to wreck Tottenham transferLiverpool and Man City have made offers to Mount amid Man Utd interest The 29-year-old’s problems at Old Trafford were well documented but for the stain of disapproval to spread to England, as it did with the booing at Wembley in March against Ivory Coast, struck hard. “I think if that had happened earlier on in my career I think I would've struggled that night. I was a bit shocked to be honest,” he said. “I wouldn't say I was hurt and upset - I know my family and my friends might have been affected by it - but I was more surprised really. There were a lot of young lads in the team that day, lots of kids watching who aspire to grow up and be an England footballer so for them to hear that for somebody who's been involved in such a big part of the journey over the last five years, was sad to see. “I have had amazing times with the fans, and I am not going to let the minority - I don’t know how many it was, 10-20 people, doing that in the Ivory Coast game affect my relationship with the England fans. I'm sure there will be many good times ahead when the England fans will show again their support and love.” This month would be welcome but if not the World Cup will do just fine. Six months out England stand second favourites behind Brazil. “Rightly so from what we’ve shown over the last four years,” said Maguire. “In Russia, in the semi-final, we didn’t have enough experience and we weren’t really there. For me, against Croatia we had the talent to win that game but I felt we didn’t have the mentality or the belief. “The big thing now is that we have a lot of players that play in big European games and big matches for their clubs week-in week-out, fighting for the biggest trophies. And that big-game experience is crucial in tournaments. We were a penalty shootout away from winning in the biggest pressure match in football - Wembley in the Euros final. If we can deal with that I’m sure we can deal with the pressure of a World Cup.”