Manchester United and Barcelona have agreed on the deadline to complete a deal for Frenkie de Jong this summer. Erik ten Hag is closing in on his priority transfer target, and his first signing as United manager could be complete in a matter of days. The Red Devils held positive talks with Barcelona over the weekend and moved closer to agreeing a compromise fee for De Jong's services. On Saturday, Spanish outlet Sport reported they were willing to meet the La Liga giants' £69million asking price. It was claimed that United had submitted an improved offer for the 25-year-old midfielder, making the transfer saga 'very, very advanced'. And after several English sources confirmed the news, Sport provided an update on the situation in their Monday edition. They state United and Barcelona want to wrap the deal up by Thursday, June 30, so the latter can remove his salary from their accounts before the cross-over. And De Jong is understood to be open to joining Ten Hag at Old Trafford after initial reluctance due to the Catalan club's clear eagerness to offload him. JUST IN: Chelsea chief Petr Cech the latest to quit club after 'Lukaku dispute' The Netherlands international is expected to return from his holiday this week, which aligns with the proposed deadline to complete a deal. If his transfer fee is agreed and his stance has changed, he would be able to undergo a medical and reunite with Ten Hag in Manchester imminently. De Jong could be one of two midfield arrivals at United this week as the club await Christian Eriksen's highly-anticipated transfer decision. The Danish playmaker will become a free agent on July 1 and is currently pondering over a high-profile switch to Old Trafford or a stay at Brentford because his family prefers to live in London. READ MORE: Arsenal turn focus to 'next Bellingham' as talks with Tielemans stall Both players are viewed as pivotal to Ten Hag's daunting rebuild at United due to his focus on improving the squad's technical ability via ball-focused training and fresh faces in midfield. But the Dutchman will likely still be content if he can solely get De Jong over the line. Once the De Jong saga is over, United will likely move on to attacking targets, another priority after Edinson Cavani's summer exit and Mason Greenwood's continued suspension. The Red Devils have missed out on Darwin Nunez but are primed to open talks with Ajax over the signing of Brazilian winger Antony. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here