Manchester United have cleared one of the most troublesome hurdles in their pursuit of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. The Netherlands international is no longer against a move to Old Trafford this summer, leaving Erik ten Hag primed to begin his rebuild by securing his priority transfer target. United have entered formal talks with Barcelona over a summer deal for De Jong, a stage the club rarely enters unless there is the confidence of completion. And should a deal be agreed, personal terms 'won't be a problem' after an initial reluctance to leave Catalonia, the Telegraph report. De Jong is interested in reuniting with Ten Hag after their successful partnership at Ajax, winning the Dutch Eredivisie and KNVB Cup double and reaching the Champions League semi-finals. Barcelona's desire to offload him in order to raise funds for their own signings is understood to have been crucial in the 25-year-old's fresh stance. A bid worth around £65million, the fee Barcelona paid Ajax for his services in 2019, could be enough to strike a deal. And with the two clubs now in discussions, United could launch that offer in the coming days after the summer transfer window opened on Friday. JUST IN: Newcastle ace with £58m release clause going nowhere However, despite Ten Hag's desire to recruit De Jong and Barcelona's desperation for a financial boost, United have insisted they won't pay 'over-the-odds' for De Jong. They are willing to walk away from the negotiating table if the Catalan club play hardball and refuse to accept a suitable offer. United are understood to be considering other options from a shortlist complied with Ten Hag's input if they can't lure the Dutchman to Old Trafford. But all signs currently point towards De Jong linking up with his former Ajax boss as the centrepiece of a new era in M16. READ MORE: Tottenham 'agree £20m deal' to sign Djed Spence It might not be the only Ajax reunion that takes place at United this summer, with Ten Hag also interested in bringing Jurrien Timber to England. The 20-year-old centre-back, also a capable right-back, is strongly admired and could be his former manager's next top target. De Jong is expected to be one of two midfield acquisitions ahead of Ten Hag's first season in the United hot seat after Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, and Juan Mata's free exits left the club short of quality options. And despite Darwin Nunez's impending move to Liverpool, the Red Devils also plan to sign a new striker to share the workload with Cristiano Ronaldo. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.