Arsenal's search for a new striker this summer has been dealt a blow following reports that the Gunners have been rejected by Alvaro Morata. The former Chelsea forward is understood to be unwilling to return to the Premier League in the current transfer window and his reluctance to return to England has also seen him snub Newcastle's advances.  Having seen his two-year loan deal with Juventus from Atletico Madrid recently come to an end, it appears the Spain international is up for grabs this summer. However, it seems the 29-year-old has a clear idea of where he does and doesn't want to play next season. According to Gazzetta Dello Sport, Morata has rejected lucrative offers from both Arsenal and Newcastle already this summer. The striker is said to be determined to continue his career with Juventus as he seeks a return to Turin. However, should the Old Lady fail in their attempts to re-sign the forward, the Italian outlet claim Morata is content to return to Atletico to fight for his play with Diego Simeone's side from the Spanish capital. Juventus recently suffered a setback in their hopes of securing the striker's return. READ MORE: Arsenal agree on 'top two transfer targets' with new contacts over second deal anticipated  The report states that the Serie A giants tabled Atletico an offer understood to be in the region of £13million plus add-ons and a player in exchange for the forward. The Bianconeri are thought to have offered up the likes of Adrien Rabiot, Denis Zakaria, and Moise Kean in a potential deal. However, Atletico appear intent on playing hardball. The La Liga outfit rebuffed Juve's offer, reportedly declaring that they remain unwilling to open negotiations until their £30m valuation, which was initially agreed between the two clubs, is met. Should Juventus fail to meet Atletico's demands, it is understood that Simeone will welcome Morata back into his squad for next season. A space within Atletico's strike force has opened up after Luis Suarez departed upon the expiry of his contract at the end of last season. DON'T MISSArsenal 'on course' to complete transfer after Tottenham strike Yves Bissouma agreementArsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject after cut-throat Xavi callMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League striker  Juventus may well move for the Uruguayan free agent as they seek to sign support for January recruit and former Arsenal target Dushan Vlahovic. Alongside Morata, both Suarez and Bologna's Marko Arnautovic, formerly of Stoke City and West Ham, are on Juventus' radar. Despite receiving a blow on the Morata front, Arsenal are understood to have grown increasingly optimistic of striking a deal with Manchester City for top striker target Gabriel Jesus. According to the Times, the Gunners are expected to up their current offer in order to meet City's £50m price tag and seal a deal for the 25-year-old amid claims the Brazilian is keen on joining Mikel Arteta's ranks. 