Drivers have been warned by Hertfordshire Police that they could be slammed with £500 fines for not wearing seatbelts. Police officers will be punishing drivers as part of a new road safety campaign that will launch next week. HertsLive reported that officers will be engaging with the public during daily patrols as they aim to educate drivers on the effects of not wearing a seatbelt. The safety campaign will begin on Monday, June 13 and run until Sunday, June 26. Hertfordshire Police will be making sure that both drivers and passengers are wearing seatbelts. Anyone who is found driving without one will be issued with a £500 fine. READ MORE: Ex-traffic warden fined for parking on 'faded' double yellow line Chief Inspector Graeme Walsingham, who coordinates local activity in support of road policing campaigns, said: “Not wearing a seatbelt could have devastating consequences and this campaign is running to remind everyone of the importance of wearing one. “If you are involved in a crash, and not wearing a seatbelt, you are at risk of being seriously injured or even killed. “Wearing your seatbelt could genuinely be the difference between life and death for both drivers and passengers involved in a collision.” Motorists are twice as likely to die in case of a collision if they don’t wear a seatbelt. DON'T MISS Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel [ADVICE] The future of motoring will be fully electric [REVEAL]Electric vehicles are now as popular as diesel and petrol cars [INSIGHT] People aged between 17-34 have the lowest seatbelt rates combined with the highest accident rate. There is also evidence that drivers and passengers are less likely to use seatbelts on short or familiar journeys putting themselves at serious risk. British drivers have also been warned by experts that they could risk thousands in fines for making common mistakes amid the driving law changes. Several new changes were introduced to the driving law at the beginning of this month, with motorists now being more likely to receive a fine. The changes included new council powers, electric car home chargers, and clean air zones. The new law means that councils across the UK will receive additional power to fine drivers. Local councils now have the ability to punish drivers for common traffic offences such as stopping in a box junction. This also applies to a common mistake that drivers make by driving onto a bus lane. On top of that, the punishment for anyone who uses a bus lane without permission has increased from £60 to £70. Before the changes came into force, it was up to the local councils to decide how much motorists would get fined. This, however, has now changed to a UK-wide fee that applies everywhere. The only exception is London where the fees for using a bus lane are much higher. Drivers can be fined as much as £160 for making the mistake in the capital. According to the Government, the increase in fines is supposed to bring them in line with the amount drivers pay for “high-level parking offences”. Baroness Vere of Norbiton, the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State, Department for Transport, said: "We have used this opportunity to repeal the bus lane enforcement regime, in place since 2005 under the Transport Act 2000, to create a single enforcement regime under the 2004 Act; that includes bus lane enforcement."