Some half a million Britons are estimated to be caring for someone but not claiming Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Applying for this state benefit could see them thousands of pounds a year better off, but who is eligible and how do they apply? Millions of households across the UK are struggling to make ends meet as the cost of living crisis continues to put a stress on household budgets. While Chancellor Rishi Sunak has announced another £15billion in further support in cost of living payments, millions of Britons are missing out on DWP benefits like Carer’s Allowance. To qualify, people need to be caring for someone for 35 hours or more a week. Applying for Carer’s Allowance could add up to £3,624 a year to someone’s household budget. READ MORE: Barclays is closing 15 more branches - full list of closures The DWP says that before applying, people will need to make sure they have their: DON'T MISSMartin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [UPDATE]Martin Lewis slams energy suppliers as exit fees soar to £600 [WARNING]Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 [INSIGHT]‘It was stressful’ Mum loses £200 to faulty ATM while on dream holiday [ALERT] To qualify, carers must not earn more than £132 a week. However, expenses can be taken into account, so if someone earns more but spends on another carer while they are at work, this can be deducted. For example, someone might earn £182 a week but have to spend £50 on a carer from their wages. In these circumstances they would still qualify for Carer’s Allowance. READ MORE: Martin Lewis issues urgent warning for energy bill payers The person they are caring for also needs to be on certain means tested benefits such as: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The person they are caring for also needs to be on certain means tested benefits such as: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Unfortunately, carers won’t automatically qualify for the additional £650 Cost of Living payment. However, they will receive it if they get: Universal Credit, Income-based Jobseekers Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit and Pension Credit. Applicants can also backdate a claim by up to three months. Britons can apply online on the Government website or by calling 0800 731 0297. 