The customer, named Annie, from South Derbyshire, was walking through the car park of Morrisons, in Swadlincote, when she saw the item on the floor. She initially tried to run it over with her trolley, but noticed money coming out after it popped. According to Derbyshire Live, Annie noticed money coming out, and after taking it home she reported it to Derbyshire police officers. The money has since been safely returned after the owner came forward to claim it. Officers from the Mercia Safer Neighbourhood Team have now visited Annie to hand her a letter of thanks from Derbyshire police. They also brought her flowers and a box of chocolates, and she was given some of the cash she found by the owner. Responding to the visit from police, Annie said: "When I saw the envelope on the floor, I thought it was a balloon and I pushed my shopping trolley over it to pop it. "The envelope popped and loads of money fell out. I took the money home and could not rest worrying about the person who had lost it. I only did the right thing."  Sergeant Nizzer, of the Safer Neighbourhood Team, and Officer Bob were quick to praise Annie for her actions. They said: “Words cannot describe Annie. She is a truly amazing lady who deserves the thanks and praise of the whole community. Well done.” The officers are not the only ones to praise Annie's actions, after her story was posted on Facebook. Many users commented that she had done the right thing, with one user writing: "Well done that lady, nice to know there are some honest folks about." Another wrote: "Honesty is very rare these days, well done." Other comments included: "They are still ordinary decent people across Derbyshire. May God Bless them all!" "Somebody handed in to the police our car keys when we lost them in Scarborough about a month ago. There are some decent people about." Another added: "I would hand it in too. I always look at it how I'd feel if I lost something."  However, some users were surprised by her behaviour, saying it would have been more logical for her to keep the money instead. One user joked that Annie needed "her head looking at", whilst another said: "Finders keepers and all that, if I find £10 or £10K I'm keeping the lot, that's my reward." Overall, though, almost everyone shared the opinion that Annie had done the right thing. In fact, as one comment read: "Honestly shocked at the number of people who would have kept it, or even considered keeping it. Keeping what's not yours is tantamount to stealing. I wouldn't have even taken it home and wrestled with my conscience ... I would have turned the trolley round and taken it straight back to Customer Services. Am I the only one?"