The Duke and Duchess of Sussex did not join other senior royals, including Her Majesty, Prince Charles and Prince William, on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the annual RAF flyover at the start of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The 96-year-old monarch, "after careful consideration", limited the balcony appearance to working members of the Royal Family who still carry out public duties. Instead, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made a low-key return to public life in the UK, watching the Trooping the Colour flyover while peering out of the large windows of the Major General's Office at Horse Guards Parade. In one picture, the Duke of Sussex can be seen putting his fingers to his lips to tell three-year-old Lena Tindall - the youngest daughter of Zara and Mike Tindall - to be quiet during the ceremony. Separately, Meghan was also seen putting her fingers to her lips to tell the girls to lower the volume, with Lena and older sister Mis Tindall copying her finger motion and laughing. The Duchess of Sussex was also seen chatting to Isla and Savannah Phillips, who was holding Lena, and at one stage appeared to perform an exaggerated air kiss - much to their amusement. Harry and Meghan's appearance at Trooping the Colour was the couple's first joint public appearance with the Royal Family since they quit as working royals nearly two years ago in 2020. They joined other non-working royals away from the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the annual flyover from one of the large windows of the Major General's Office at Horse Guards Parade. Their two young children, Archie and Lilibet, have joined them on the trip to the UK, meaning the Queen will be able to meet her great-grandson, who turns one on Saturday. During Trooping the Colour, the beaming monarch waved to cheering crowds massed outside Buckingham Palace as the country kicked off four days of celebrations for her record-breaking 70 years on the throne. Tens of thousands of flag-waving royal fans lined the streets of London for a military parade that marked the start of Platinum Jubilee events. READ MORE: 'Isn't worth my respect' Dr Shola launches vicious attack on Monarchy The Queen, supported by a walking stick after recent mobility issues, was joined on the Buckingham Palace balcony by other senior royals including Prince Charles, Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Crowds cheers as they watched the fly-past by modern and historic Royal Air Force planes, while the Queen great-grandchildren waved as the aircraft roared overhead. In a statement as the celebrations began, the Queen said: "Thank you to everyone who has been involved in convening communities, families, neighbours and friends to mark my Platinum Jubilee, in the United Kingdom and across the Commonwealth. "I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last 70 years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm." DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan seen for first time together in UK since Megxit [PICTURES]Camilla intervenes to position Charles in best spot next to Queen [VIDEO]Princess Beatrice is fabulous in huge headband at Trooping the Colour [LATEST] A smartly-dressed Boris Johnson and his wife Carrie also joined the celebrations to watch the Trooping the Colour flyover. The Prime Minister tweeted: "Congratulations to Her Majesty The Queen on your remarkable Platinum Jubilee. "The whole country, Commonwealth and world thank you for your unwavering duty and service. "Vivat Regina Elizabetha! God Save The Queen!"