Lindsay Wallace is the daughter of an oil tycoon and a school friend of Zara Tindall’s. She has also been dating Zara’s brother, Peter Phillips, for almost a year. The pair have been seen together at various events this year, including the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and, now, the Royal Ascot. Lindsay Wallace sat with her boyfriend and Princess Anne’s son, Peter, in the second carriage of the four royal carriages that entered the racecourse today. The Duke and Duchess of Bedford sat with them, while the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were in the first carriage in front of them. Lindsay looked stunning in a pale pink silk dress and a straw hat in the same colour. The dress had long sleeves that were slightly frilled at the cuffs and a round neckline. READ MORE: Prince Harry saw the ‘curtain come down’ in secret Charles meeting Lindsay held onto her hat as she was driven by horse and carriage into the racecourse. It was straw and sat on the side of her head, featuring two small flowers. Her blonde locks were curled and she wore small dangling earrings. The 40-year-old kept her make-up look simple, wearing a little foundation, bronzer, and a nude lip.  Lindsay’s dress is thought to be by London-based designer Beulah. The silky number reached Lindsay’s shins and the frilled sleeves billowed from her wrists. Lindsay seems to be a fan of pink as she has worn the hue on multiple occasions in the past. Pink was her colour of choice when she attended the Cazoo Derby Festival at Epsom racecourse with Peter – but a salmon shade. She wore pink again – this time a brighter hue – to the Party at the Palace event during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Today, Lindsay accessorised her outfit with a white clutch and white heels covered in what seemed like rhinestones. Lindsay’s dress is called the “Yahvi” dress in “blush pink” and costs £640. Interestingly, the Duchess of Cambridge and Crown Princess Mary have the same garment but in different colours. Kate Middleton was at the races today too, wearing a polka dot Alessandra Rich dress. Her dress was white with black spots and she donned a matching black and white hat. The dress had long sleeves and a high-neck, but was made of a light material to keep Kate cool in the heat. The Duchess completed her outfit with a small brown clutch bag and brown heels.