Queen Elizabeth II will install Sir Tony as a member of the Order of the Garter this afternoon at a service at Windsor Castle. The former Labour Prime Minister got his knighthood from Her Majesty last week after it was announced in the monarch’s New Year Honours list. The Order of the Garter is the oldest and most senior Order of Chivalry in Britain, which dates to Medieval times, and recognises members for their public service. The ceremony, which sees participants don velvet robes and plumed hats, is taking place today for the first time in three years after pandemic delays. Sir Tony’s knighthood, in recognition of his service to the nation, proved incredibly controversial due to his role in the Iraq war, and a petition to revoke the honour garnered one million signatures in January. However, as well as governing the country, the former Prime Minister also played a crucial role for the Queen and the Royal Family behind the scenes during a major crisis. Just four months into his New Labour premiership, Diana, Princess of Wales was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997. As the nation grieved, Sir Tony persuaded the Queen to publicly pay tribute to Diana as the monarch was under immense pressure to respond to the tragedy, both from the media and the public. JUST IN: Royal panic: Monarchy may come 'crashing down' after Queen as Prince Charles 'no dream' However, despite the politician’s help, the Queen “didn’t like him” for it, according to historian Dominic Sandbrook, who relayed the top-level decisions surrounding Diana’s death in Channel 4’s recent documentary, ‘Royals Declassified’. Speaking about Sir Tony, he said: “He understood this new sentimentalism that this was not a sort of stiff upper lip 1950s country anymore. “That sort of ritual display of empathy, which he was very good at, and the Queen was not very good at. “He could see what an important part of our political culture that was becoming. “Nobody likes to be in somebody else’s debt. And I think the Queen probably did feel simultaneously he had saved her. “But at the same time, she did not like the fact that he had done it or like him for it.” Sir Tony was the first to refer to Diana as the ‘People’s Princess’ in his own emotional tribute to the late royal. He later took responsibility for encouraging the Queen to return to London from Balmoral after Diana’s death. The monarch had been on holiday at her Scottish estate with the Princess’ young sons, princes William and Harry, who had just lost their mother. Mr Sandbrook claimed that although the Queen may have disliked feeling indebted to her Prime Minister, she eventually had the upper hand over him in terms of her reputation. DON'T MISS: Queen kept ‘wonderful’ secret from family over the Platinum Jubilee weekend [LATEST]Queen 'deserves dignity' for rest of her reign: 'Don't think we'll see much of her' [INSIGHT]Queen and Prince Louis win hearts as nation's favourite Jubilee royals [ANALYSIS]  Referring to Sir Tony’s decision for Britain to get involved in Iraq, he said: “She had the last laugh. “She is not the person who can't show their face in the street because people will call her a war criminal.” As well as Sir Tony, today’s Order of the Garter is set to feature a couple of other notable new members. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is reported to have been invested into the order for today’s service. Baroness Amos is the other new knight, becoming the first black person appointed as a member of the group in its 700-year history. Prince Andrew, who is already a “royal companion” of the order, will not join the procession, in what Buckingham Palace described as a “family decision”. ‘Royals Declassified: The Queen and Her Prime Ministers’ is available to stream on All4.