Limescale in the bathroom can be extremely difficult to clean, and limescale in the toilet can be unsightly. Express.co.uk spoke to Howard Moss, CEO at Astonish who shared his top tips for banishing hard water stains, and the best products for the job. Limescale is caused by naturally occurring minerals in hard water, leaving a chalky white residue on wet surfaces. In a toilet, limescale appears in the form of brown marks due to the mineral deposits in the toilet such as iron, calcium, magnesium and lime will turn the limescale brown or green. The brown marks in the toilet won’t disappear by themselves, they need to be cleaned. Howard suggested: “We’d recommend our Toilet Bowl Fizz & Fresh. READ MORE: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' “Simply drop the tab into the bowl and allow the deep cleaning foam action to do its job, no scrubbing required. “It also comes in a range of fragrances to keep things smelling fresh.” There are several fragrances to choose from; Pink Peony, Eucalyptus, or Lemon. There are eight tables in a box and a box costs £2.49 if you buy direct from Astonish, or £1.49 if purchased from The Range. DON'T MISS...Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral [INSIDER]Reduce cellulite in 3 weeks with Nivea’s £12 gel - ‘It actually works! [BEAUTY]Keep strawberries fresh for 10 days with simple food storage hack [FOOD] This means each clean is worth just 31p. But what do customers think? The toilet tablets have received a 4.5 out of five star rating online. Antonia S said: “This product is just marvellous. It really does clean and sanitises the Loo bowl with its gentle fizz!! love the colour too!!!” Lucy H explained: “These are a new addition to my cleaning routine and they're excellent: in London, we struggle with the build up a brown-ish limescale in the toilet bowl, and very few things (that aren't super harsh chemicals) deal with it well. “Using this once a week, combined with good toilet cleaner every day, works wonders, and it smells good too. Very satisfying to use!” Sharyn K commented: “Wouldn't use anything else apart from Astonish. Extremely good value for money too.” If you’re looking to banish limescale from other areas of the bathroom, Howard said: “Our Bathroom Cleaner and Specialist Ultimate Limescale Remover is specially designed to remove and prevent the return of limescale, giving people peace of mind that it won’t come back in a hurry.” But do you need to scrub, or use abrasive cleaning accessories to see better results? Howard explained: “For delicate and easy to scratch surfaces never use abrasive cleaners as it may cause damage. “We recommend using tough cleaning products that do the job for you, meaning minimal physical effort is required and surfaces won’t get damaged.”