Caller Rob from Newcastle discussed the court of appeals rejection of a last-ditch legal attempt to stop the deportation of immigrants to Rwanda, with presenter Jeremy Kyle. He went on to claim that a lot of the immigrants who have come to the UK are now working as car washers in his city. Priti Patel's new immigration policy kicks in this week despite much outrage and pushback from the British public. Caller Rob then claimed not to be racist, stating that immigrants had thrown away all of their legal documentation to get here.     Rob from Newcastle told Talk TV: "I'm driving through a really deprived part of Newcastle now, the West End of this city. "This city has seen mass immigration, I know a lot of the kids are working the car washes. "They've all got the same story, they've all thrown away their documents to get here. "We're not racist but let's be real we can't feed our own now, we're struggling. JUST IN: Meghan Markle's low-key visit during Dutch trip comes to light–'inspiring and encouraging'     Rob from Newcastle added: "It's on top like it's never been before, all of the hotels in Newcastle are full of illegal immigrants. "Illegal means illegal, if you didn't fill the forms in if you didn't wait your turn and you didn't come to this country properly, you need to go. "And I'm sorry that everybody, I don't care if you've been here and you haven't broken the law if we're not going to stick to the rules. "And people are not going to abide by them we're going to be overflowed like we are now, the West End of this city is like a no go zone." READ MORE: UK space probe spots tsunami-like 'starquake' as 'goldmine' exposes Milky Way's secrets     Unlike Rob, some Britons are against Home Secretary Priti Patel's new immigration protocol. Labour MP Robert Burgon tweeted: "Whether or not the Rwanda policy is legal, it is a vile, immoral, inhumane policy. And as Tony Benn said: "The way a government treats refugees is very instructive because it shows you how they would treat the rest of us if they thought they could get away with it." Journalist Otto English also tweeted: "Deporting desperate human beings to Rwanda to placate racists is nothing short of evil. The entire nation should be absolutely fucking appalled that this horrific policy is being done in our name. It taints us all by association." DON’T MISS: Light aircraft emergency as plane sends urgent 7700 Squawk code at 1500ft 'I may have 6 months' Tragedy for mum, 39, as thumb cramps turn out to be terminal disease Man dies after emergency in crowd at Download Festival      Home Secretary Priti Patel has had to defend her policy since it was announced, but she has been promising to tackle the issue of immigration for some time now. Ms Patel made a vow to fight any other challenges, adding: "Rwanda is a safe country." Ms Patel said: "I welcome the court's decision in our favour and will now continue to deliver on progressing our world-leading partnership." "People will continue to try to prevent their relocation through legal challenges and last-minute claims but we will not be deterred in breaking the deadly people-smuggling trade and ultimately save lives."   