The beginning of June will see festivities held to recognise Queen Elizabeth II serving seven decades as the monarch. Britons will be able to join the celebrations thanks to a special four day bank holiday weekend. As has become tradition a number of people have arranged to hold street parties to mark the occasion. Though the events can help to bring the community together, they also pose a number of health and safety issues for organisers. The Platinum Jubilee will take place between Thursday, June 2 and Sunday, June 5. Across the bank holiday, 10 million Britons are estimated to be hosting street parties, according to Country Living. If you’re planning to hold a street party that will require a road closure, you will need to contact your local council.  READ MORE: GB News: Samantha Markle gives update on father’s stroke Steven Moulsley, Commercial Branch Manager at A-Plan Insurance, told Express.co.uk that even though the Jubilee is next week, it might not be too late to get in touch with your local authority. Whether or not it is will depend on your council and how much notice they require. If your party doesn’t need any roads to be shut or is being held on private land, then councils are generally happy for you to not ask permission. As a Platinum Jubilee Street Party is a one-off event, you won’t need a risk assessment or licence for the consumption of alcohol. But that doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t get one.  Mr Moulsley argued that residents should take out insurance as it will give you financial protection in the event of an accident. He explained how injuries caused by marquees, equipment or food are examples of risks that could be covered by having adequate insurance. If organisers bring in third party caterers, then the caterers “must have their own insurance” according to the insurance provider. He added: “The risk of not having cover is people not being able to claim for potential injuries sustained.”  DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan set for enormous £18M funding windfall [EXPLAINER]Dozens of travellers defy eviction notice to stay on city park [INSIGHT]'Evil' woman murders partner after tying him while she sexted new man [NEWS] The good news is that if you’re interested in buying insurance the process itself is “very straight forward”. Mr Moulsley outlined how A-Plan, for example, can provide a quote within “10 to 15 minutes”. Insurance prices for street parties can vary, but most will cost in the region of £150 to £200 for a single day’s worth of cover. Based on the scale of the event there can also come a point where a street party needs insurance for it to take place.  Parties which include “stalls, DJ’s, live music & stage, paid bar etc” may require insurance to be purchased. However, Mr Moulsley said you will need to have a conversation with your local council to find out if this applies to you. Alongside street parties the Royal Family will be attending a number of events to help celebrate the Queen reigning for 70 years. Among these will be a Trooping the Colour ceremony, a special Service of Thanksgiving and a Platinum Party at Buckingham Palace. 