Mrs Hinch rose to fame on Instagram several years ago when she started to share cleaning hacks. The social media sensation now has more than four million followers and shares more of her family life. This means her fans share their own cleaning tips and tricks on dedicated forums, including how to effectively unblock drains. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Jane Gray wrote: “Hi, my shower drain is completely blocked, any ideas please?” The most common cause of a blocked shower drain is a build-up of hair, dead skin, soap scum and other debris. Over time these particles can become stuck together and cause a blockage. Taking to the comments, Jamie Hardy said: “Use bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar, about half of each. READ MORE: 'Go straight for the source' 7 ways to get rid of an ants nest at home “Leave for half an hour to an hour and then pour boiling water down the drain. “Both should work together to clear it.” Sharon Graham wrote: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar!” Henrietta Smith commented: “Agree, the hack works so well and so cheap, clear in no time.” DON'T MISS:Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [EXPERT]Kettles: Limescale can make bills ‘higher’ - cheapest way to clean [COMMENT]How to grow herbs: Use ‘toilet roll tube trick’ for seed starting [INSIGHT] Bicarbonate of soda, when mixed with vinegar, helps to unclog drains and plug holes through a chemical reaction. The two household products can be purchased from various retailers. What’s more, they can also be used to clean other surfaces around the home including the washing machine. Mira Showers also recommended trying baking soda and vinegar. READ MORE: I cleaned my greasy air fryer using Mrs Hinch fans’ £1 cleaning tip They said the combination should help to loosen any hair or soap scum. The experts said: “First, fill a cup with baking soda and pour it down your drain. Wait two to three minutes, then follow with a cup of white vinegar. “The mixture will start to bubble. Put the plug in and leave it to work for around an hour, after an hour, pour hot water down the drain.” Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended purchasing hair removal cream. Julie Pollendine commented: “Put hair removal cream down the hole and leave it overnight if possible. “Then put boiling water down the drain after.” Alice Thompson said: “Hair removal cream will break down all the hair.” It is thought that hair removal cream can help to move along any blockages. Removing hair from the plughole regularly can help to prevent build-ups from happening in the first place.