Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don responded recently to fans who had been inundating him with comments over why Twitter had not verified him. The BBC star does not yet enjoy a blue tick next to his username despite boasting a whopping 264,200 followers on the social media platform. Monty admitted he did not know how to apply for verification, although he did not see the use in having the famous Twitter seal of approval on display. Twitter user KateWilton1 enquired: “On a side note, how have you not got a blue tick? @verified” Monty replied: “Why would I want or need a blue tick? What would that do?” KarenBlower1 explained: “It's the same as the one on your Instagram account, it verifies that it's you. Then any imposters can be weeded out (pardon the pun).” READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning Just days later, another Twitter account echoed the concerns, which prompted a similar response from the horticulturalist. Tagging Twitter’s official verification account, Glibetceteri penned: “Er, excuse me @verified i see some awful blue ticks about then I notice @TheMontyDon doesn't have one. “He won't be a**** I imagine, but look who have them!” Monty replied: “No idea how to go about getting one - or why I would want it?” But Monty enjoys a far larger following on Instagram, where he shares updates from his garden with one million loyal fans. The broadcaster was recently inundated with support after he revealed he had to make a tough decision for his garden. He took to the social media site on Wednesday, where he announced the latest update on his plants. Monty shared two pictures featuring his garden and a beautiful meadow as he explained the move. DON'T MISS...James Caroll dead: Coronation Street and Brookside star dies suddenly  [LATEST]Joan Collins looks captivating as ever in unearthed swimsuit pictures [PICTURES]Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit [UPDATE] He said he had to cut a wildflower meadow to stop seeding and spreading throughout his garden. The TV star wrote: “With a heavy heart I decided to cut the wildflower meadow in the orchard yesterday- at least a month earlier than I would ever want to. “This was because lesser hogweed has become such a prevailing weed that we felt we had to cut it whilst still flowering to stop it seeding and thus spreading even more. “We will now keep it tightly mown all summer and reseed with yellow rattle in September as well as adding more perennials and bulbs.” Fans rushed to the post’s comments section to send Monty their support, while some explained their own gardening struggles. Official_lepetitcochon wrote: “Sometimes gardening is a case of ‘cruel to be kind’” Macaroni_organic commented: “I have a similar problem in our orchard. Overseeded some yellow rattle and perennials last year…yellow rattle now visible so we are on our way. What bulbs do you plan to plant?” Esterhfour typed: “Your pain is completely understandable! it looked so glorious! Welcome to the new phase!”