 Stopping at a zebra crossing to allow a pedestrian to walk across the road is common courtesy, but could also help drivers avoid a fine. If a pedestrian has stepped onto the road, it is the responsibility of the driver to stop and allow them to reach the other side safely.  Failing to stop while a pedestrian is still on the road could land them with large fines and even penalty points on their driving licence. Under the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984, passing through a pedestrian crossing without giving way to people trying to cross is punishable. Drivers can expect to be handed a £100 fine and three points on their licence. The Highway Code also deals with the rules and regulations of how all road users should approach zebra crossings. READ MORE: London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers  Rule 19 instructs pedestrians to give traffic plenty of time to see them and stop before they start to cross the road. This will be especially relevant when there are adverse weather conditions. The Rule continues: “Wait until traffic has stopped from both directions or the road is clear before crossing. “Remember that traffic does not have to stop until someone has moved onto the crossing. DON'T MISSDrivers warned as all new EV chargers must be ‘smart' from today [IMPORTANT]Electric cars may pay car tax through 'vehicle tracking technologies' [INSIGHT]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [SHOCKING]  Rule 19 instructs pedestrians to give traffic plenty of time to see them and stop before they start to cross the road. This will be especially relevant when there are adverse weather conditions. The Rule continues: “Wait until traffic has stopped from both directions or the road is clear before crossing. “Remember that traffic does not have to stop until someone has moved onto the crossing.  Even if a pedestrian has passed one lane of traffic, the driver must still wait for them to cross the entire road. Rebecca Ashton, Head of Policy and Research at IAM RoadSmart, commented on the zebra crossing rules and how drivers should approach them. She said: “The law states you must give precedence to any pedestrian on the crossing; the regulation itself does not define exactly what that means. “And so there is some room for interpretation and regional differences.  “At the very least you must ensure the pedestrian feels that they have been allowed to cross comfortably and safely before making any move. “If it’s a single crossing and someone steps onto the road from the other side you should stop. “However, if for example the road is divided by a central reservation or large traffic island, as in many city centres, then the crossings could be treated as if it was two crossings.” According to a study by Direct Line, almost half (46 percent) of drivers believe that they legally have to stop if a pedestrian is waiting on the side of the road.