Paula Badosa has defended Wimbledon's all-white clothing rule after the tradition was slammed by Nick Kyrgios. The fourth seed said it was "nice" to play in all-white clothing for two weeks of the year days after the Aussie claimed he wanted the chance to wear all black. Wimbledon's all-white clothing rule has often caused controversy, from the likes of Kyrgios claiming it isn't "cool" to many pointing out the issue it raises for players who are menstruating. But world No 4 Badosa has admitted that she enjoys playing in the strict attire for two weeks of the season and complimented the tradition. Asked whether she'd want to see a change in the policy, the Spaniard said: "No, I think it's nice and it's traditional." The 24-year-old spoke after reaching the third round with a 6-3 6-3 win over Irina Bara. "It's always different," she continued. "I think grass courts, as well, it's a different part of the season. It's nice like that, I think, to play like this. One or two weeks per year, it's always nice and unique." JUST IN: Murray compared to Djokovic, Federer and Nadal despite Wimbledon exit  It comes after Kyrgios criticised the rule on the eve of the tournament but admitted it was unlikely the policy would change. "I always want to wear all black, obviously," the world No 40 declared, while dressed in a black hoodie and cap. "But I don't think it's something that's going to change, I don't know. I think it would be cool to allow, like, a black headband or black sweatband. I think it would look cool. Obviously Wimbledon doesn't really care what looks cool... I don't think it will ever change." DON'T MISSWimbledon star embarrassed as opponent steals point after celebrationKatie Boulter's boyfriend Alex De Minaur playing key role at WimbledonAndy Murray’s sweet and secret tribute to wife Kim when he plays     However, the rules have allowed for players to show their support for Ukraine, with Lesia Tsurenko donning a blue-and-yellow ribbon in her second round match against compatriot Anhelina Kalinina. Wimbledon's clothing rule states: "A single trim of colour around the neckline and around the cuff of the sleeves is acceptable but must be no wider than one centimetre (10mm). Colour contained within patterns will be measured as if it is a solid mass of colour and should be within the one centimetre (10mm) guide. Logos formed by variations of material or patterns are not acceptable." 