Princess Margaret, the Queen’s younger sister, wed Anthony Armstrong-Jones at Westminster Abbey on May 6, 1960. Although highly privileged, Anthony – later the Earl of Snowdon – was a photographer and filmmaker and did not come from noble birth, making him an unconventional husband choice for a royal. But that’s not where the breaking of tradition stopped. Princess Margaret broke royal protocol with her choice of outfit on her special day too. The Princess, who was 29-years-old at the time, wore a beautiful silk organza Norman Hartnell gown with a 30-metre-long skirt. The dress featured a V-neckline and had long, slim sleeves. As for accessories, Margaret wore a diamond necklace and a stunning silver and gold tiara studded with tiny diamonds. READ MORE: Prince William embraces Mike Tindall - 'provider of support & banter' Members of the Royal Family usually borrow jewellery from the royal collection for their wedding day, making sure to wear a family heirloom. But Margaret eschewed tradition and bought the tiara she wore on her wedding day herself. Named the Poltimore tiara, Margaret purchased the jewel from the grandson of Lady Poltimore, the Fourth Baron Poltimore, who sold it to her at an auction in 1959 for a whopping £5,500. Lady Poltimore first bought the tiara from Garrard, the royal jewellers, in 1870, and wore it for the coronation of King George V in 1911.  Interestingly, Margaret had worn the tiara for the first time before her wedding day – which is again unusual. The Queen’s sister donned the piece for the state visit of the Shah of Iran in May 1959. She continued to wear it for the rest of her life, but it wasn’t until 2006, four years after her death, that a scandalous photo of the Princess wearing nothing but the tiara was unveiled. Taken by her then-husband in 1962, Margaret is seen sitting in a bathtub wearing only the Politmore tiara – and nothing else. After the Earl of Snowdon died in 2017, his family withdrew the photo again from public view – but it was recently seared on the public’s conscience as Netflix’s The Crown made a nod to it in its third series in 2019. Helen Bonham Carter played the Margaret of that time, taking over from Vanessa Kirby, who was the younger Margaret in the first and second series. The same year the bathtub photo was made public, Margaret’s children auctioned off the Poltimore to help pay a massive inheritance tax bill. It sold for a whopping $1.3million (£926,400 at the time) to a private buyer. The historical piece is worth a similar amount today, according to jewellery experts at Steven Stone. Steven Stone’s managing director, Zack Stone, has estimated the tiara to be worth a huge $1,000,000, which is currently the equivalent to £827,000. But Margaret’s tiara wasn’t the only unconventional piece of jewellery associated with her wedding day. The Princess’ engagement ring, given to her by Anthony in 1959, was designed by the photographer himself. It was made of a ruby and diamonds in the shape of a rosebud, which was a nod to Margaret’s middle name, Rose. Rubies are considered rare stones within the Royal Family’s engagement ring collection, with sapphires and diamonds being the more popular, more traditional choices.