Steve McClaren has detailed a ‘mad’ first week at Manchester United alongside new boss Erik ten Hag. The former England boss is returning to the Red Devils as Ten Hag’s assistant and the pair have already put together plans for next season. McClaren previously worked at United under Sir Alex Ferguson before being appointed as Middlesbrough manager in 2001. Ten Hag has added the 61-year-old to his coaching staff after working with him at Dutch Eredivisie outfit FC Twente. Incoming head coach Ten Hag has a monumental task overhauling an underperforming and stale United squad. The 52-year-old is set for a busy summer transfer window and will make sweeping changes to the first team. Ten Hag ripped up his Ajax contract early to begin work at United, and McClaren has revealed a ‘mad’ week has exemplified the Dutchman’s work ethic. They will be joined by fellow former Ajax coach Mitchell van der Gaag at Old Trafford. JUST IN: Arsenal choose 'priority' from three targets with decision days away “It’s been a busy week, settled down after a mad week with Erik getting everything planned for the new season. Erik finished his last game [at Ajax], came to London where I met him and Mitchell and [CEO] John Murtough, and together we spent five or six days including [Monday] with the press,” he told the McClaren Performance Podcast, which he co-hosts with son Josh. “So we have spent the last week working. The work ethic and the attention to detail has just been exemplified in the last seven days where he's practically met every member of staff who he is going to work very closely with and in detail has worked out the plan - what each person's job is. DON'T MISS...Man Utd now look set to give Bruno Fernandes a new shirt numberJurrien Timber to Man Utd: Ajax 'think they have transfer advantage'Torres insiders are saying Man Utd transfer 'is close' in Maguire blow "It's not just exciting going back to Manchester United, it's exciting working with Erik again. And after a week with Mitchell, a very, very good coach, and hopefully together, along with the staff and John Murtough also has been a fantastic help in the process, we can begin middle of June when players come back. "It's a new beginning. I know Erik is looking forward to it and I certainly am. It was great to catch up with him over the last seven days and bond again and hopefully make a great team off the field that will, ultimately, produce one on the field." United finished sixth in the top-flight last season, with Ralf Rangnick unable to revive a terrible start under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. A points tally of 58 is the club’s lowest in the Premier League era and the campaign ended with the Red Devils winning just one of their last six matches.