The TV star, 67, was "ready to riot" after being stuck on the aeroplane at Amsterdam's Schipol Airport yesterday. He claimed the pilot provided passengers with "endless lame excuses" before telling them that their baggage was stuck in a holding area. In a lengthy rant on Instagram, the comedian and presenter said a "police cell would be preferable" to being stuck on the runway. The star was missing a charity event due to the delays and said his temper was rising so much that he was "fit to f****** kill." The post, in full, read: "What a joy flying is. I’ve been sat on a flight for over two hours and we haven’t got any further than the runway. "The captain pops his head out now and then with endless lame excuses and he’s just informed us that the luggage is stuck in some holding area and cannot be reached so if we do take off then it’s without luggage. Tempers are rising and I’m fit to f****** kill as I’m supposed to be going to a reception at The House of Lords in aid of The Paul Cottingham Trust which isn’t going to happen." "We’ve had half a glass of water and a few crisps and endless excuses and if this stinking heap doesn’t take off soon I’m afraid I’m going to start a riot. A police cell would be preferable to being stuck here. @schipholairport." But, in an update some hours later, Paul confirmed the plane was able to leave The Netherlands, says Liverpool Echo.   The TV personality, famed for presenting For The Love of Dogs, wrote: "AT LAST!!! Nearly 3 hours late but we’re finally in the air." When he made it home, Paul posted: "The airports are chaotic so I'm just warning you now if you're travelling. I'm dreading July because I've got to go away then." He explained he is flying from Gatwick Airport to film abroad for work and it will be when the strikes are on. He also noted that it would be the start of the summer holidays so airports will be busier with families too. He said: "It's going to be a living hell, imagine it. If you see someone doing a bad Donald Duck having a temper, that's me. So just ignore me." But he said he supported the industrial action, which is over a 10 per cent pay cut imposed during the peak of the pandemic not being reinstated.   Express.co.uk reported last month how Paul spends a significant portion of his time on his farm near Ashford, Kent, where he tends to his array of animals, including a dog rescued from Battersea Dogs and Cats Home. He and his partner Andre Portasio have owned sheep, pigs, goats, donkeys, ducks, chickens, geese, ferrets, bats, mice, and dogs at the rural farmhouse. They also grow organic fruit and vegetables, and a variety of herbs there. O'Grady purchased the house from comedian Vic Reeves, decorating it in an art nouveau style and establishing a smallholding in 1999. 