Last week Britons were treated to a special four day bank holiday weekend to mark Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee. A Trooping the Colour ceremony and Platinum Pageant were among the celebrations held, along with street parties up and down the country. To accommodate for the Jubilee the spring bank holiday was moved, giving Britons a chance to recognise Her Majesty serving as the monarch for 70 years with four days off work for many. And many of us are now clamouring to know when the next long weekend will be. For the remainder of 2022 residents in England and Wales can look forward to a further three bank holidays. The first of these will take place on Monday, August 29, while the other two will appear during the Christmas holidays. Both Boxing Day (Monday, December 26) and Tuesday, December 27, are bank holidays this year, as Christmas Day falls on a weekend so the bank holiday has been substituted and moved two days later.  READ MORE: Oil price surge: Expert warns of 'critical situation' Scottish residents have got a summer Bank Holiday on Monday, August 1 and will mark St Andrew’s Day on Wednesday, November 30. And in Northern Ireland, as well as the two dates at Christmas, they get an extra bank holiday at the start of July to commemorate the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne (Tuesday, July 12). Typically, there are around eight bank holidays each year, though special milestones - such as the Platinum Jubilee - will occasionally see more days added. Traditional bank holidays in Britain include Christmas Day, Boxing Day and New Year’s Day, around the Christmas period.  Several are also held each year when Easter is celebrated in May. A bank holiday is a national public holiday in Great Britain, Republic of Ireland and the Crown dependencies. When are the bank holidays in 2023? Here’s when you can expect to get time off in 2023:  DON'T MISS: Girl, 14, nearly dies on flight after man eats peanuts [NEWS]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'spitting bricks' after cold shoulder  [ANALYSIS]Scale of Boris betrayal laid bare in stunning map - 90 rebels quiet [INSIGHT]