Daniel Ricciardo has offered an X-rated response to questions over his F1 future amid rumours he is set to be sacked from McLaren. The Australian is under pressure after failing to consistently beat team-mate Lando Norris since joining the squad last season. However, the 32-year-old former Red Bull star has claimed he still has the commitment to remain in the sport for several seasons yet. He told RacingNews365: “The more people ask me [about retirement], I'm like, 'F*** that, I want to stay longer!' "What's my shelf life? I still think there's a good handful of years left in me competitively. But, if I said five more years, and in my fifth year I start winning a bunch of races and I'm fighting for a World Championship, I'm definitely not going to retire at the end of that fifth year.” The Australian adds he still has the desire to continue for a ‘good handful of years’. But, he has stressed he ‘felt things were very different’ five years ago and said it was hard to know what would happen in time. READ MORE: Three options for Ricciardo if McLaren CEO axes struggling Aussie McLaren boss Zak Brown piled on the pressure ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix after claiming Ricciardo had not met the team’s expectations. Brown said the team would like to see Ricciardo ‘much closer to Lando’ and revealed he was just ‘not comfortable’ with the car yet. The comments have raised fears Ricciardo could be out of McLaren by the end of the season. Former world champion Jacques Villeneuve warned Ricciardo’s time at McLaren was ‘over’ as he just ‘costs the team money without bringing in points. Former Australian champion Alan Jones also hit out at his compatriot claiming his future at Mclaren was ‘questionable’. Jones even added that he 'can't see’ Ricciardo being at the team for much longer. DON'T MISSDaniel Ricciardo's personality questioned by F1 legend [INSIGHT]Daniel Ricciardo explains FEA helmet acronym amid Monaco GP questions [COMMENT]Jenson Button responds to McLaren after CEO calls out Daniel Ricciardo [ANALYSIS] However, when asked whether his F1 future was still in his hands, Ricciardo claimed he still had some say. But ominously, Ricciardo warned that there was ‘no guarantee’ he would secure a seat if results did not improve. He told RacingNews365: “Yes, I've done F1 enough now that people know that I'm a capable driver, etc. But people also forget, there's no guarantee that in two years' time, everyone's going to be like, 'We want to sign you'. "There's not 10 contracts under your door, so it's in my hands as well, and not only my desire, but of course my competitiveness."