Dai Davies joined Nana Akua on Sunday's GB News where he fondly spoke about his time working as head of security for the Royal Family. As he spoke about what his job role entailed, Nana tried to dig for some information about the royals, although, Dai was quick to shut her down, telling the host he had nothing he'd like to share publicly. "When you say royal security people might not understand that there...you had hundreds of people that were working for you," Nana began. "That must have been a real challenge and in your capacity what was the most difficult part of leading royal security?" Speaking about his role, Dai explained: "Well, in the first place it was to amalgamate both the uniform...the people you see are outside guarding Buckingham Palace, Windsor and all the rest of it, and to make them a coterminous team with those that travel the world protecting them. "Along with the special escort group who are the motorcycles and the special escort people. READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action "So the first job was to create an unified team to almost three separate units. "And I think one of the key things in any security is to have a combined vision and then an excellence which everyone feels part of a team. "That was really my primary role in the first year was to bring everyone together to ensure that the priority went to Her Majesty and then in cascading order, if you like, for those who would follow her you know, Prince Charles, and then obviously, William, and so on and so forth." Dai went on to explain that during his time working as head of security, he had 22 members of the Royal Family to protect. He said that the main struggle was that full protection was stretched, especially when the royals had to travel. "And again, they go up to Scotland in the summer and so on, and Sandringham," he told the host before adding: "It was an amazing job, really. "I am an ex-street copper and I think that's what was so vital in any good policeman or woman is having that street capability, which teaches you to act quickly, succinctly and get the job done and that was my primary role really." "Well, you must have met quite a few of them," Nana chipped in as she laughed: "Have you got any juicy gossip stories, any stories? What can you tell us?" DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION] Shutting down the host's question, the former police officer replied: "None that I care to tell you public to be honest. "Sorry about that," he continued before changing the subject back to his job role and his experience in security. He said: "I think that's so important in leadership and I started out in life training to be a naval cadet officer. "And again, as a young boy, that gave me the grounding in leadership. "And I think leadership is about giving somebody a vision, and translating that vision into actually achieving the job and my job was to keep them alive." During Nana's GB News segment on Saturday, she also spoke with royal expert Charles Rae about the alleged feud between Prince William and Prince Harry. The expert claimed their rift will never be solved because Prince William has been "wounded" by his brother and Meghan Markle. GB News airs weekdays from 6am.