Richarlison would prefer a move away from Everton to play on the ‘biggest stage’ according to sources close to the player. The striker is currently attracting interest at home and abroad from teams like Arsenal, Tottenham and Barcelona. Richarlison was Everton’s most important player last season, particularly during the Premier League run in, as the Toffee’s managed to stave off relegation. The striker scored 10 times in 29 Premier League games, crucially including six goals in his last nine Premier League games. However, it is now believed that the 36-times capped international would like to move away from Merseyside in order to solidify his position in the Brazil squad in the lead up to the World Cup. The i newspaper reports that a departure from Goodison Park is now Richarlison’s preferred option despite his love for the club. “He wants to reach greater heights in his career,” a source close to the Brazilian told the paper. “Is he crazy to want to take a chance now? No. He is now a key national team player and he faces great competition for his place. He needs to be at a club of the highest standard, and to play on the biggest stages.” It is clear Richarlison believes he can perform in the Champions League and would like to challenge himself there. The source’s comments tally with what Richarlison said about a move when asked last month. “I’ve already made it clear to the board, I’ve already talked to Frank Lampard too, with my agents and they know what I want,” the Brazil international explained. “Let’s wait for June.” While no formal offers have yet been made, the interested teams would be looking at a transfer fee of over £50 million, which may put many suitors off. However, Everton are suffering badly from financial fair play regulations so may be prepared to negotiate on the price should a sizeable offer come in. The 25-year-old’s strike partner Dominic Calvert-Lewin is another that could be on the move from the club. The England international is attracting interest from some Premier League teams including Manchester United and Newcastle. Both clubs are targeting a mobile, target man and Calvert-Lewin would fit the profile despite his injury problems last season. With FFP laws casting a large shadow over Everton’s transfer window it is likely they will have to sell one of their top assets. The Goodison Park faithful will just be hoping that if they are forced to sell Richarlison the club can reinvest the money in an exciting replacement. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here