Indeed, more often than not, a law intended to tie up loose ends or focused on one issue ends up having entirely unintended consequences.  When Tony Blair brought in the Human Rights Act (HRA) in 1998 it was sold as a tidying up exercise, enshrining into British law the European Convention on Human Rights to which we were already a signatory.  Before the HRA, litigants had to go to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg to have a rights case heard, and that only after they had exhausted all British legal routes. All the HRA would do is have British judges take the convention’s rules into account. Some tidying up exercise it has proved! Rather, a series of new human rights concepts were introduced into British law, hugely expanding the role of the courts in taking decisions in which they never previously had a role. It’s wrong to blame judges for this, such as when they refuse to allow the deportation of a convicted rapist, as is happening with one ongoing case. The rapist claims his human rights will be abused in the country to which he is being sent and thus, even if the judiciary disagrees over specific claims, the act offers any number of opportunities for delay on human rights grounds. The problem here isn’t with the judiciary but the law they have to uphold – the HRA. Take last week’s flight to Rwanda under Priti Patel’s proposed scheme to deport refugees. When British judges were asked to consider the issue they refused to stop the flight (although they did schedule a full hearing for later this month). The judges based their decision in part on the words in the European Convention on Human Rights as replicated in the HRA, as they were obliged to do. And yet, despite our judges saying no, the applicants were nonetheless able to bypass them and go to the European Court of Human Rights, which grounded the flight. That’s an example of the HRA simply not working, with  applicants able to simply ignore British judges. But the fundamental problem with the HRA is much deeper: that judges are mandated to take what are essentially political decisions that should be decided democratically as if they were legal issues, such as whether the Rwanda policy is right or wrong. Foreign criminals and asylum seekers whose applications have been found to be invalid are, for example, able to use the HRA to ask the courts to hold that their deportation would breach their right to a family life. What should be a political decision – whether our border and immigration policy should be loose or tight – is thus handed over to judges. That undermines democracy as well as the legal system, because voters see the courts “interfering” and governments as powerless to act. In effect, the HRA is an open invitation to activists and lobbyists to overturn policies adopted by democratically elected governments. That is why many politicians – and some wiser lawyers – are pushing the idea of a Bill of Rights, to supersede the HRA and bring some sense back. Justice Secretary Dominic Raab is said to be on the verge of publishing a draft Bill which will tackle this, perhaps even this week. Fundamentally, we need to return to a more limited role for the courts to challenge Parliament and a government’s wishes – to the state of play we had in 1998, before the HRA. The ballot box is the correct arena for overturning policy. But you can guarantee the proposals will be attacked and  Raab pilloried by many lawyers – especially the more vocal ones. Wrole for the courts to challenge Parliament and a government’s wishes – to the state of play we had in 1998, before the HRA. The ballot box is the correct arena for overturning policy. But you can guarantee the proposals will be attacked and Raab pilloried by many lawyers – especially the more vocal ones. Why would they support curtailing the opportunities they have under the HRA? Turkeys do not vote for Christmas. The Bill of Rights will not be what its opponents say. It will not abolish any rights but will restore our democratic right to have governments decide key issues rather than courts. And it will not be some hastily cobbled together solution to a non-existent problem, as they will say (and as much new legislation is). The Bill Of Rights has been long in gestation. Raab even wrote a book on the issue in 2010 and was involved in earlier work on the idea under David Cameron and it was in the Tories’ 2015 manifesto. The real complaint should not be that the Government is planning a Bill Rights – rather, that it has taken so long.