Commentator Nile Gardiner hit out at the Duchess of Sussex, saying she "relentlessly thinks about herself". He warned the Duchess against using the celebrations to "advance her own personal interests", describing the concept as "appalling". Meghan and Harry have returned to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations, taking place this weekend. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** They are expected to attend a limited lineup of events, including a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday morning. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are also planning to attend the BBC's Party at the Palace the following evening. However, they will not be appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony during Trooping the Colour, as they are not working royals. The change in protocol was announced by the Palace, which said: "After careful consideration, The Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd June will be limited to Her Majesty and those Members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." Speaking to Express.co.uk about the Queen's Jubilee, Mr Gardiner said: "I think it's very clear that Meghan and Harry have been using their royal status to advance their own personal agenda. "And that's especially the case with Meghan Markle. "If you look at their vast Netflix deals, there's a huge amount of money involved. "Meghan Markle especially has used her royal status as a sort of publicity machine to advance her own personal interests. READ MORE: Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return "I think that it would be absolutely appalling if the Platinum Jubilee celebrations were used by Meghan and Harry to advance their own personal agenda. "The Jubilee celebrations are all about celebrating the Queen in her 70 years of service and her life of dedication and Meghan just relentlessly thinks about herself." There has been speculation that the couple may be followed by Netflix cameras during their stay in the UK. Netflix crews tailed the couple while they attended the Invictus Games in the Netherlands in April. DON'T MISS: 'Don't give a f*** about Jubilee' Calls for 'Scottish republic' grow [REACTION] Meghan and Harry given olive branch with 'surprise balcony appearance' [REVEAL] Boost for Queen ahead of Jubilee as majority of Britons back monarchy [INSIGHT] The cameras were filming them for Heart of Invictus, a docu-series which will form part of their Netflix deal, rumoured to be worth $100 million. However, a source claimed that any Netflix camera crews would be "moved on" if they try to set up cameras in public areas during the Jubilee. According to The Daily Telegraph, camera crews require express permission to film the Royal Family during a number of official celebrations. Meghan and Harry said they were "excited and honoured" to come to the Jubilee celebrations. The couple have only returned to the UK together once when they visited the Queen at Windsor Castle in April ahead of the Invictus Games. For the first time, the couple will also be returning to the UK with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. Announcing their return visit, a spokesman for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children."