Harvey Elliott is confident incoming Fabio Carvalho has got "everything in him" to guide Liverpool to success. The Portuguese signed a five-year deal with the Reds in a £7.7million move from Fulham - and will be hoping to impress manager Jurgen Klopp. With the confirmed departures of Sadio Mane and Divock Origi this summer, and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain also looking to departure, Carvalho could be an option for his new manager. Mane was recently linked with a move to Bayern Munich before French giants Paris Saint-Germain recently expressed an interest in the player. However, reports suggest that he could be set to move to the Bundesliga after reportedly being impressed with Bayern's sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic's offering around £17million per season, despite PSG having offered Mane a better deal. Origi, on the other hand, will link up with Serie A winners AC Milan upon the expiry of his Liverpool contract. Although Jurgen Klopp's squad is set to become lighter during this transfer window, Carvalho played a crucial role in helping Marco Silva's Fulham achieve promotion to the top-flight as Championship winners - with the side scoring a whooping 106 goals."He's got everything in him, every attribute you can think of, and that's why Liverpool have signed him," Elliott told the Liverpool Echo. JUST IN: Tottenham could beat Man Utd to Valencia starlet thanks to Bryan Gil "So I am very excited to see what he can bring to this team as well as all the fans and I am sure he will show them very quickly." Fulham academy graduate Elliott, who shared the pitch with the 19-year-old, added: "He was my favourite player to play with as a youngster to be honest at Fulham. "Me and him had a great connection, on the pitch as well as off the pitch and I will definitely look after him when he arrives. But to be honest, I don't even think I will have to do that, he will just fit in perfectly with the rest of the squad. "So I am just very excited to see him again after three years or so and I am just very excited to share the pitch with him again." The Portugal under-21s star, who enjoyed an impressive season at Craven Cottage this year, scored 11 goals and contributing to eight assists in his 38 Championship appearances. DON'T MISS...Everton star Richarlison reveals transfer talk with Frank LampardLiverpool icon hits back at Richarlison after Everton star's wind-upRicharlison brutally trolls Liverpool after Champions League defeat    When asked what he can bring to the Reds, Elliott continued:"His best position? I mean that is for him to answer to be honest with you. I think he is a very versatile player, he can play anywhere, and I am sure he will be willing to just play anywhere on the pitch. "He just wants to play football. He has always had that hunger and desire in him and he just loves football. As a kid he has [had] so many experiences and memories back in the day when we've seen that in him. I am sure he will show it and bring it to Liverpool.He is a great kid and I am just very happy that he is signing with us and I am very happy I can share the pitch with him again." The teenager has recently met his new manager at the AXA Centre and is expected to join his new team mates on July 1, when the transfer window opens.