Kate Middleton, 40, has been commemorated in an official painting with Prince William, also 40. The painting by Jamie Coreth will be displayed at the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge. As their official titles are the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, this choice of location will be very meaningful to the couple.  In the portrait, Kate has a sweet tribute for Her Majesty the Queen. The Duchess is wearing the Queen's 'Duchess of Cambridge pearl pendant brooch' for the first time ever. The nod to Cambridge is poignant as Kate is the Duchess of Cambridge. Also, this portrait will forevermore hang in the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge. The brooch features a large pearl surrounded by a cluster of diamonds and another smaller pearl hangs from it as a pendant.  Kate's beautiful brooch and pendant are joined by more diamonds covering a detachable silver chain. The jewel was likely made by the London-based jeweller Garrard in the nineteenth century. Named the Duchess of Cambridge brooch, the pearl and diamond piece honours a Duchess that existed before Kate Middleton, called Princess Augusta of Hesse-Kessel. The Princess was born in Germany in 1797 but became the Duchess of Cambridge when she married Prince Adolphus, the Duke of Cambridge, of Buckingham Palace.   The Duchess is pictured wearing the pearl pendant brooch in a portrait commissioned by her niece, Queen Victoria, in 1877. Passed down generations of the Royal Family, the brooch was eventually given to Queen Elizabeth by her grandmother, Queen Mary, in 1953. Her Majesty has worn the beautiful brooch on many occasions since. For instance, in April 1976, the Queen wore the brooch with a pale blue dress for her official 50th birthday portraits. In this new portrait, Kate can be seen wearing her emerald green dress by The Vampire's Wife.  The Falconetti metallic silk-blend midi dress retails for an outstanding £1,595. The Vampire’s Wife is a favourite brand of Princess Beatrice, who has been seen wearing many dresses from the designer house recently. Kate’s dress has a round neck, padded shoulders, three-quarter-length sleeves and darts at the chest. It features an all-over metallic weave, is fully lined and contains frilled trims at the bottom.  The Duchess paired this dress with her Manolo Blahnik green high heel shoes. The satin Hangisi pumps 105 retail for $995, or roughly £815. The description on the website says: “Inspired by mid-century courtesans and the paintings of Boldini, the Manolo Blahnik Hangisi pumps are recognised the world over for their bejewelled brooch detailing. “Crafted in beautiful silk satin, the ultra-feminine single sole silhouette features a flattering low cut, pointed toe and a signature metal-trimmed stiletto heel.” 