The French President has been trying to convince Russian leader Vladimir Putin to call back his troops from Ukraine in vain. But Mr Macron is yet to visit Kyiv in support of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Sandrine Rousseau, one of the leaders of the French Greens, told EURACTIV that Mr Macron has "humiliated" France with his "totally insufficient" response to the Russian war. She said: “We should have called on the European population to prepare for war efforts by asking them to turn down the heat and ultimately reduce gas usage as soon as the Russian invasion began." The French politician also called for “an effective European-wide policy to welcome refugees and organise Ukrainian resistance” to help prepare for the country’s economic recovery after the war. She added: “This is what Churchill did during the Second World War – he welcomed De Gaulle into the UK to organise the resistance against German occupation." Mr Macron was also slammed by Polish President Andrzej Duda on Thursday over his phone calls with the Russian President. Mr Duda said it was like having talks with Adolf Hitler during World War Two. Mr Macron has held one-on-one phone calls with Putin since Russia launched a devastating invasion of Ukraine, stirring Ukrainian ire by saying Russia must not be "humiliated" so as to preserve chances of a diplomatic solution. Mr Duda, in an interview with German daily Bild first released on its YouTube channel late on Wednesday, said such discussions only legitimised an illegal war in Ukraine. READ MORE: Boris hands Macron huge trade victory He said: "Did anyone speak like this with Adolf Hitler during World War Two? "Did anyone say that Adolf Hitler must save face? That we should proceed in such a way that it is not humiliating for Adolf Hitler? I have not heard such voices." The conflict in Ukraine, described by Moscow as a "special military operation" to stamp out perceived threats to its security, has flattened cities, killed thousands of civilians and forced over 7 million people to flee the country. Ukraine and its Western allies say Russia is waging an unprovoked war to grab territory. DON'T MISS:'Brexit Queen' Liz Truss flutters 'leadership feathers' in row [VIDEO]Labour sounding like morons! Leftie outrage at Yvette Cooper [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Blow to Putin as Ukrainian troops DESTROY vital weapons [ANALYSIS] In a joint call with Putin on May 28, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and President Macron urged him to release the 2,500 Ukrainian fighters captured at Mariupol's Azovstal steel plant and to speak directly with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, according to the Elysee Palace. Italy and Hungary have urged the European Union to call explicitly for a ceasefire in Ukraine and peace talks with Russia, putting themselves at odds with other member states like Poland determined to take a hard line with Moscow. Last month, Zelensky savaged suggestions by some in the West that Kyiv gives up territory and make concessions to end the war, saying the idea smacked of attempts to appease Nazi Germany in 1938 in the run-up to World War Two.