Two British fighters, Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner alongside a Moroccan national, have been sentenced to death in a "Soviet-era show trial" on charges of terrorism in the Russian-backed Donetsk province of the Donbas region in Ukraine. Russian-backed forces captured the two British nationals, who serve in Ukraine's marines while fighting with the Ukrainian military in Mariupol. While Russian state media have portrayed both men as "mercenaries", UK politicians calling for their release have insisted they should be protected by the Geneva conventions on prisoners of war.  Foreign Secretary Liz Truss “utterly” condemned the sentence of Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner "held by Russian proxies", adding "this is a sham judgement with absolutely no legitimacy". Conservative MP Robert Jenrick joined Secretary Truss in calling for the release of the British citizens. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Jenrick said: "This is an extremely concerning situation. As your report said, it really has been a fraudulent show trial. We shouldn't give it any credibility whatsoever. There is no evidence to back up these charges. "Now, we have two British citizens being subjected potentially to the death penalty. They’re not mercenaries. They’re British citizens who chose to join the Ukrainian army for personal reasons before Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine.  "They were captured by Russian forces in Mariupol. And they should be treated in a court with international law and the Geneva convention, which certainly precludes show trials, kangaroo courts of this kind and the death penalty." "I want the Russian authorities to step up and protect those individuals and make sure that they're returned either to the Ukraine or here to the UK as soon as possible in a court with international law", Mr Jenrick said. When asked whether he had the chance to talk to the Aslin family, he said: "I have. I’ve known Aiden’s family for many years, known Aiden for almost as long as I was a member of parliament. They’re really good people. They’ve been through an appalling ordeal whilst Aiden has been in captivity with the Russians. And now, of course, today is the worst possible news for them. "What we want to see now, is the Ukrainian government do what it can to broker their release. And I’ve asked the Foreign Secretary Liz Truss to summon the Russian ambassador to meet with her or one of her ministers as soon as possible to seek assurances about Aiden and Shaun’s safety." READ MORE: Ukraine ex-PM demands Tories back Boris for war on Putin "Because it cannot be right that British citizens are treated in this manner irrespective of the circumstances. No one carrying a British passport should be put on a show trial from the Soviet era and then sentenced to death in this manner", Mr Jenrick added. The trial has taken place today in the Russian-backed separatist republic of Donetsk recognised by Russia as an independent state. Vladimir Putin recognised Ukraine’s eastern Donbas’ two provinces, Luhansk and Donetsk, to justify his invasion of the region after eight years of a war opposing Ukrainian forces against Russian-backed separatists since 2014. Mr Jenrick said the decision on both citizens’ lives was now in the hands of Putin, whom military experts suspect, is leveraging the trial as a negotiating ploy and as hostage diplomacy strategy to extract concessions from Western countries. DON'T MISS:Russia threat MAPPED: Putin eyes up next targets after Ukraine [MAP]Putin health: Is Vladimir Putin really sick? Inside rumours [EXPLAINER]Russia offered chance to 'roll out something powerful' closer to US [REPORT] Mr Jenrick said: "If Vladimir Putin wanted to end this saga, he could do it tomorrow. These are his associates, his protégés. He could step in and tackle it, which is why I think we need to deliver a very clear message to the Russian ambassador that we expect Russia to support our British citizens and ensure that they’re treated in accordance with international law. "The Ukrainian government, and I’ve been in conversation with the Ukrainian ambassador who’s been extremely helpful for a number of weeks, are struggling to make proper contact with these proxies of the Russians. So, it is a challenging situation as you say. Nonetheless, those are only affiliates of the Russian regime. "If Putin wanted to resolve this, he could do. And I expect him to respect international law and the right of British citizens even amongst all the terrible war crimes that he’s committing in this conflict."