The Great British Sewing Bee has been airing on BBC One and this year four contestants made it through to the final. The judges surprised viewers as they decided not to send anyone home during the semi-final. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who won the 2022 series. This week was Party Week and the finalists tried their hand at a trio of party-themed challenges. This year's final included Brogan, Annie, Debra and Man Yee. As the previously eliminated sewers watched on, it was Annie who was crowned the winner. Annie held her head in her hands as she was overcome with emotion and she was heard saying "wow" as she burst into tears.  READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition She said: "That is so weird, sorry. I'm literally like, what is happening? "It literally could have been any of us. I'm honestly so shocked. I cannot believe I have won that. "I don't know how that happened. I'm so shocked but so privileged to have won." Their challenges started with a pattern for one of Esme Young's Swanky Modes designs - the Amorphous dress. The finalists were then forced to think on their feet during the Transformation Challenge.   Using their scraps from the past nine weeks, they had to fashion them into an outfit that they would wear to a party. For their final task, they had to fit a red-carpet jumpsuit using luxury fabrics to a model close to them.  The winner of the first challenge was Debra and she was thrilled. The judges called her dress "fabulous", saying it would easily sell in a shop. For the second challenge, the winner was Man Yee, with the judges calling her disco top "such a great concept". Annie scooped the win for her made-to-measure jumpsuit in the final challenge.  DON'T MISS... Virgin River season 4 theory: Brie and Mike romance sealed in clue [THEORY] NCIS cast: Who plays Gibbs' dad in NCIS? [INSIGHT] Great British Sewing Bee fans outraged over semi-final twist [DISCUSSION] Man Yee had won the most challenges across the board up until the final. However, Brogan was named one of the most technically advanced competitors of the series. Meanwhile, Annie's confidence had grown week on week and she became the one to watch. Debra has also been a fan-favourite this year, making it a difficult final for the judges. The final was moved from BBC One to BBC Two because of the Wimbledon 2022 coverage. The BBC has been slammed this week for making last-minute changes to the evening schedule. The penultimate episode of drama Sherwood was moved to BBC Two without much prior warning. Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the Sewing Bee final moving channels. @jamg3916 said: "Oh s** off tennis, some of us are not interested I want sewing bee bugger off to bbc2!!!!" [Sic]  The Great British Sewing Bee is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.