Jim Hopper (played by David Harbour) explained to Dmitri 'Enzo' Anantov (Tom Wlaschiha) about fighting in the Vietnam War as a teenager and handling Agent Orange. He explained how when he returned from service, veterans like himself started having families and this was when "things started to go wrong". The police chief explained: "Kids born stillborn, dead in the womb. Crooked spines, eyes popped out. The horror followed us, clung to us. “My wife, Diane, she wanted a baby. I did too. We had a baby, and she was, um, she was born healthy. She was perfect, you know, Sara. And then she died. "It wasn’t an easy death; she suffered. I knew the risks, but I hid them. And then Diane left me. She didn’t blame me, not with words." Hopper tragically concluded: "After that I was just … I just hid myself in drugs and alcohol.” In Stranger Things, Sara (Elle Graham) died of cancer after being diagnosed at the age of seven with her passing devastating her parents. READ MORE: Is Stranger Things based on a true story? In flashbacks, viewers witnessed Hopper and Diane (Jerri Tubbs) with Sara in hospital as their daughter underwent treatment for cancer, before later dying. Hopper seemed to blame Sara's death on himself and handling Agent Orange during war - but how accurate is this? In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, historian and the author Agent Orange: History, Science and the Politics of uncertainty, Dr. Edwin Martini, shared his thoughts about this moment and its accuracy as well as the real-life impact of the herbicide used during the Vietnam War. Dr Martini said: "Hopper’s story sounds fairly accurate in terms of his interaction with the materials. READ MORE: Stranger Things: Did the experiments on Eleven happen in real life? “There is no one, “typical” Agent Orange story from the war, but Hopper’s description of working closely to mix and prepare the chemicals, and to clean the equipment afterwards would not be unusual for someone with that assignment. "And he is correct in stating that most people, certainly those handling the equipment on a daily basis, understood that the chemicals were not a significant threat to human health. "We now know that the chemical companies who produced Agent Orange knew it could potentially cause some forms of cancer and birth defects, but the military did not become aware until much later." He went on to say about Sara's demise in the show: "The part that is a bit more complicated is his account of Agent Orange being responsible for the condition and ultimate death of his daughter. “The science around the effects of Agent Orange on birth defects and second-generation impact is the most contested area of science related to Agent Orange. "The United States Veterans Administration only recognises spina bifida and neural tube defects as eligible for service-related disability benefits, and even then it’s far more common for the condition to be translated by the biological mother’s exposure, not the father’s. “It wasn’t entirely clear what condition Sarah had, but it certainly not appear to be spina bifida." The professor described Agent Orange as "one of the most complicated and longest-lasting legacies of the Vietnam War". DON'T MISS...Stranger Things author drops hint at prequel spin-off [INTERVIEW]Stranger Things: Is Dr Brenner really Eleven's dad? [EXPLAINER]Stranger Things: Who is Tammy Thompson in Stranger Things? [ANALYSIS] The use of Agent Orange has affected the lives of millions of people across the world, from America and Vietnam to Korea and New Zealand, among other areas. However, Agent Orange's legacy goes beyond the human cost, the environmental contamination is still a "significant issue" even now in Vietnam. Dr Martini said: "Even in areas where it is difficult to show that Agent Orange was the cause of the problem (like the death of Hopper’s daughter), those families have lived in the shadow of Agent Orange, sometimes for decades." The show could delve further into Hopper's backstory and his time in Vietnam when the show returns next month. Stranger Things season 4, volume 2 will be released on Netflix on July 1