Vladimir Putin's health has been under intense scrutiny since he resumed holding public events shortly before he launched an invasion of Ukraine in February. The Russian leader kept his engagements limited throughout the pandemic, rarely appearing in public, and his dramatic return to the global stage was accompanied by much speculation over his state. Appearing at a previously cancelled speech at the International Economic Forum, Putin appeared to be suffering from subtle spasms as he addressed attendees. Hiding away behind a ledger, the Russian leader could be seen holding onto the podium while not turning the pages of his speech in an arguable attempt to keep upright. Within seconds from the start of the clip, Putin appeared to sway as he spoke before regaining his composure but he could be seen struggling to stand still again less than 40 seconds later, when his body swayed again and his left shoulder spasmed. Approximately one minute, thirty-seven seconds into the video, Putin's shoulders can be seen spasming back and forth. Twenty-second earlier, his left arm spasmed away from his side only seconds after swaying as his legs appeared to buckle. Putin was filmed last week at another event swaying as he stood, his knees repeatedly buckling under him. JUST IN: China horror as Beijing launches THIRD aircraft carrier Fujian in ‘significant step' The Russian President appeared fatigued as he led the forum in an hour-long speech that left some of the attendees dozing in their seats. The ostracised leader, surrounded by representatives from the few countries still maintaining diplomatic relations with Moscow, has been linked to both Parkinson's disease and to cancer. Parkinson's is notably connected to uncontrolled spasms and tremors generally affecting one's limbs. Reports on Putin's health have so far been unconfirmed but repeated footage of the Russian president experiencing shaking and twitching in his arms and legs have sparked a discussion over a potential diagnosis. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as 'naïve' military orders found on Russian troops expose hapless tactics   Prof Angus Dalgleish, of St George's University of London, suggested the tremors could indeed indicate Putin is suffering from Parkinson's disease. He told The Mirror: "All this talk of thyroid cancer... if you had that five years ago, I don't think that would be a problem now. "I do think that the one solid piece of evidence we see routinely is the shaking of the hands and I think that that is a degenerative thing like Parkinson's." Last month, Putin was believed to have been temporarily out of action after leaks emerged on Telegram suggesting he would undergo an operation. The Russian leader was on Friday reported not to be planning to attend the International Economic Forum but ultimately put in an appearance for his lengthy speech. DON'T MISS: Putin offensive rocked as chopper shot out of the sky [REPORT]Putin mortified as UK 'highly likely' to send troops to NATO task forc [REPORT]Putin’s ‘brain profoundly changed’ as he was ‘not born to be emperor’ [REPORT] Prof Angus Dalgleish, of St George's University of London, suggested the tremors could indeed indicate Putin is suffering from Parkinson's disease. He told The Mirror: "All this talk of thyroid cancer... if you had that five years ago, I don't think that would be a problem now. A combative Putin accused the West of denying Russia its sovereign rights in a speech in which he restated his determination to take Donbas out of Ukraine. He insisted Russia is strong, and Western sanctions will rebound. He said" "We are strong people and can cope with any challenge. Like our ancestors, we will solve any problem, the entire thousand-year history of our country speaks of this." Putin drew applause from the hall when he reaffirmed his determination to continue the "special military operation" in Ukraine that has unleashed what he said was an "unprecedented" barrage of Western economic sanctions. He said the main aim of the incursion was to defend "our" people in the largely Russian-speaking Donbas region of eastern Ukraine - a justification that Kyiv and the West dismiss as a baseless pretext for a campaign that has already led to the occupation of parts of southern Ukraine far beyond the Donbas. Putin said the Russian soldiers in the Donbas were also fighting to defend Russia's own "rights to secure development".