The Midwich Cuckoos has been brought back to life but for the first time, it has been on the small screen. Based on the book of the same name, The Midwich Cuckoos tells the story of how the women of one small town fall pregnant after a mysterious blackout. It isn't too long before they realise it is the work of aliens but what is the reason behind their desire to breed with humans? The Midwich Cuckoos made its big debut on Sky May on Thursday, June 2, with episodes also available to watch on the streaming service NOW. Starring Keeley Hawes and Max Beesley, the modern take on the classic story has been split into seven episodes. A new instalment is coming out every Thursday night with viewers just getting to grips with episode two which comes out this week. Despite having only just started, viewers are keen to know about the show's future already. READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford The Midwich Cuckoos is a Sky Original Drama series based on author John Wyndham's 1950s book. While shows usually have the creative freedom to expand a story beyond what was written in a novel, this sci-fi drama won't be doing this. The Midwich Cuckoos on Sky Max is going to be a limited series, meaning there won't be any more seasons following this first one. Creator David Farr spoke to Express.co.uk about the reasoning behind this. Farr explained: "It [The Midwich Cucksoos] is a complete story and I really love that. "It doesn't do that thing that some shows do, leaving you hanging. "It's absolutely a complete story that resolves [any issues in the show]. "We're in a culture now, which I understand, that if something does really well and there's desire, energy [to make more of it, there will be more]." DON'T MISS...Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]What is the meaning behind The Midwich Cuckoos title? 'Unbearable' [INTERVIEW] Farr continued: "What's interesting about it, is it's a very small world [in Midwich] so it does have the potential to move beyond that but it would become something a little bit different if that was to happen. "So I didn't want to leave it in that open way, I'm very happy with how it is. "We both just wanted to do this book in a completely new, radical, modern way and that's what we've done." The upcoming episode will show what happens to the town of Midwich a few years down the line. The description for The Hive reads: "Three years after the blackout. "The children are entering the second phase of their development. "Susannah notices changes in their behaviour and makes a terrifying discovery. "Her worst fears are realised when a forgotten mother emerges." The Midwich Cuckoos is available to watch on Sky Max and streaming service NOW.