The monarch, 96, is attending an armed forces act of loyalty parade in Edinburgh. The Queen looked radiant in purple for the engagement on Tuesday as she waved to royal fans. The head of state, who is facing ongoing mobility issues, carried her walking stick. The Queen is joining the Armed Forces at the Palace of Holyroodhouse this morning as they mark her Platinum Jubilee in Scotland. There will be a parade and presentation of the key for Edinburgh Castle in the gardens of the palace. The army, navy and the air force will be represented at the service and a royal salute will take place as the Queen arrives in the gardens. Lord Lyon, King of Arms, will then present three senior representatives from the services to the Queen. They will be joined by three cadets, representing each service, who will then parade the key to Edinburgh Castle across the gardens before presenting it to Major General Alastair Bruce of Crionaich, Governor of Edinburgh Castle. The Major General will then address the Queen. The act of loyalty and presentation of the key to Edinburgh Castle will mark the 200th anniversary of King George IV's visit to Scotland in 1822. It comes after the Queen arrived in Scotland yesterday for a week of royal engagements alongside other members of the Royal Family. She attended the historic Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in the Scottish capital joined by Prince Edward and Sophie, known as the Earl and Countess of Forfar north of the border. The event is the traditional opener to Holyrood week for the royals who have travelled to Scotland en masse. The Queen, dressed in a light blue coat and hat, was symbolically offered the keys to the city by Edinburgh Lord Provost Robert Aldridge. The tradition dictates that the monarch returns them, entrusting their safekeeping to the city's elected officials. Prince Charles, known as the Earl of Rothesay north of the border, and Princess Anne will also be carrying out engagements in Scotland this week. The Princess Royal will conduct an investiture on behalf of the Queen at Holyroodhouse later today. On Wednesday, the Prince of Wales, Edward, Sophie and Anne will host guests at a garden party at Holyroodhouse in recognition of their positive contributions to communities across Scotland. Thursday will see Charles attend a Queen's Body Guard for Scotland Reddendo Parade in the gardens of the palace. The heir to the throne and Anne will also attend the Thistle Service at St Giles' Cathedral. Edward is set to host a celebration in the gardens at Holyroodhouse for Duke of Edinburgh Gold Award holders from across Scotland on Friday. Holyroodhouse is the Queen's official residence in Scotland and stands at the end of Edinburgh's Royal Mile. 