Summer (played by Harriet Bibby) has been struggling in recent months on Coronation Street as following a diagnosis of type 1 diabetes, she has also developed an eating disorder. This has had a huge impact on her ability to study and perform to a higher level during her exams, meaning she has become more stressed. The youngster has managed to make a friend in newcomer to the ITV soap Aaron Sandford (James Craven) who has gone through a similar experience but it's what she's doing to Aadi Alahan (Adam Hussain) which causes people to turn on her. The storyline continues in next week's episodes of the cobbles-based drama as the aftermath of Aadi supposedly cheating in his exams reaches a new level. Viewers will know by this point Aadi wasn't actually cheating and it was Summer who was using cards he'd written to help with her answers. Not wanting his former lover to suffer as a result of her decision, Aadi takes the blame and this leaves his father, Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin), furious. As his vendetta against the young woman continues, it seems his daughter Asha Alahan (Tanisha Gorey) and Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) will also turn on her. Summer's best friends will be livid to discover she is letting Aadi take the wrap for her just so she can make sure she gets into Oxford. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow to become Toyah's next victim As she becomes deeply upset by the backlash she is receiving, the youngster turns to Aaron for some comfort as she knows he would know the right thing to say. Aaron tells her he is there for her as a friend and reassures her everything is going to be ok, which is exactly what she needs to hear. However, knowing there is little chance people will forgive her for what she's done, she could decide she needs to get away from Weatherfield after her exams. Needing Aaron to help her through this tricky stage in her life, she could tell him they could get away for a while and leave the stresses of life behind them. Although he's been sceptical to get too close to Summer as they have both experienced the effects of an eating disorder, he could agree to keep her company. They could decide to head down south for the summer, where she and her father Drew Spellman (Tom Godwin) used to go during the school holidays. Knowing people will look badly upon her for fleeing whilst Aadi's future is being torn away from him might lead her to make the move away more permanent. With nothing to go back for and feeling she has ruined her relationship with Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) as well, she could tell Aaron she is never going back. Will he agree to stay with her or will he intervene and try to make Summer see sense she needs her friends and family around her? The actress who plays Summer, Harriet, has recently spoken out about how her character is feeling at the moment and what her relationships are like with different people. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star Alex Bain in hospital update after injury [COMMENT]Coronation Street's Harriet Bibby on 'important' storyline [COMMENT]Corrie star Adam Rickitt's wife Katy bids farewell to ITV colleague [COMMENT] Harriet explained: "She knows deep down that people are just caring for her and actually, that's really lovely because she's got people around her who do care about her. "But on the surface, it's like, I'm just trying to do what I want to do. I'm just trying to revise for my exams. "And there's nothing wrong with that. And I'm just trying to go out with my friends. And there's nothing wrong with that. "And I think sometimes when you're ill, attention to it becomes frustrating. She doesn't want to be different, she doesn't want people to treat her differently. "So I think there's a level of frustration with it of people coming around to check in on her. Yes, it's out of kindness. "But actually, it's frustrating because she feels like she’s not being allowed to just live her life normally. I think that's what she's feeling anyway." Discussing the pressure of exams on her character's shoulders, the actress added: "I think she's always been the kid who has been quite good at things, and she's naturally quite intelligent. "People noticed that from a young age, and then you kind of get that persona of yourself of going, oh, I'm the smart one, so I need to maintain that. "Also I think being Billy's daughter is so lovely. When you see Billy beaming with pride at Summer, which has happened so often in their relationship, he is very proud of her. "I think that she loves that he is proud of her and wants to maintain that as well. She doesn't want to let him down, and she doesn't want to let anyone else around her down. "So I think it's sort of just built on top of her from being quite young." Therefore the love and support she has felt over the years should be enough for Summer to know the backlash wouldn't last forever. However, with her eating disorder still playing on her mind and with her anxiety going into overdrive, Summer could feel the only thing to do is to leave. If she were to make an exit, it would bring an end to the character's five-year stint on the show and would bring an end to her current storyline. Having become such a fan favourite over the past couple of years, fans would surely be disappointed to see her go. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.