Rory McIlroy came close to notching and completing the set of all four golf majors after finishing second at The Masters in April. Now the Northern Irishman will attempt to win the US Open for the first time since 2011 when the tournament commences at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts later this week.  Ahead of the event, Express Sport takes a look at the golf star’s net worth and his family. According to celebritynetworth, the former world number one boasts a current net worth of £141.6 million. Since turning professional in 2007, he has amassed more than £69 million from tournament wins and appearances, and continues to be one of the most marketable superstars on the planet. Endorsements off the course haven't been in short supply either, and back in January 2013 he signed a multi-million pound deal with Nike. Four years later, he penned a mega 10-year, £163 million contract extension with the iconic company, but the agreement enabled a clause which also allowed him to agree lucrative terms with TaylorMade. He has averaged annual earnings of more than £30 million, a sum which will only increase if he can win his fifth major later this week. McIlroy will also be cheered on by his wife Erica Stoll who he married in 2017. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy hits out at 'selfish' stars who are 'fracturing' golf with LIV defection The pair met in rather chaotic circumstances, at the 2012 Ryder Cup fondly remembered by Team Europe fans as the ‘Miracle of Medinah.’ McIlroy thought his match-up against Keegan Bradley kicked off at 12.25pm when it was in fact an hour earlier. Stoll was working for the PGA at the time and helped get McIlroy to the Illinois course via police escort with minutes to spare. Approximately a year after his relationship with ex-fiancee Caroline Wozniacki in 2014 came to an end, McIlroy was dating Stoll. The pair announced their engagement in December 2015 before tying the knot two almost two years later. They are parents to one-year-old daughter, Poppy. Taking to his Instagram page in September 2020, he gushed over the pair’s newborn. DON'T MISS He wrote: “Poppy Kennedy McIlroy, born August 31st, 12:15pm. She is the absolute love of our lives. Mother and baby are doing great. Massive thank you to all the staff at Jupiter Medical Center and Dr Sasha Melendy for their amazing care.” McIlroy will endeavour to bring a shiny new major championship home to his wife and daughter by winning the US Open, which will begin on Thursday. 