The Duke of Sussex is said to remain close to his grandmother despite rifts with his older brother Prince William and father Prince Charles. In an example of Harry's bond with the Queen, a friend highlighted how he persuaded her to appear in a royal spoof video with him to promote the Invictus Games back in 2016. The friend told US magazine People: "If Harry asks, the Queen would say yes— as she adores him." Meanwhile, a royal insider said the Queen has to find a balance between being a grandmother and her role as head of state. The source said: "One thing about the Queen is she has to manage being a grandmother but also how it affects the wider institution." It comes after Harry and Meghan Markle travelled to Britain with their two children Archie and Lilibet for the first time since Megxit for the monarch's Platinum Jubilee. The Sussexes introduced the Queen to her namesake great-granddaughter for the first time during the visit. During the bank holiday weekend, the couple stepped out for their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they quit as senior royals two years ago. They attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral along with a group of around 50 royals. But their second-row seats were a telling sign of their change in royal status. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should William invite Harry and Meghan to birthday party? Harry and Meghan were far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, Camilla, William and Kate in the front row. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his older brother or father, or between Meghan and Kate. In March 2021, the Sussexes made a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: 'Peacemaker' Kate extends olive branch to HarryMeghan REFUSES to give in to criticism as she ploughs ahead with causePOLL: Should Meghan and Harry speak of family moments at Jubilee? Harry and Meghan, who stayed at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage, were absent from most of the other Jubilee festivities. The couple had made a fleeting visit to the UK in April to see the Queen en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. The Sussexes quit as working royals in March 2020 and moved to America. They are living in the celebrity enclave of Montecito as they pursue new lives of personal and financial freedom.