BBC One hosted the Platinum Pageant for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee on Sunday and the event featured four acts: For Queen and Country, The Time of Our Lives, Let's Celebrate, and Happy and Glorious. The proceedings were led by a number of presenters and commentators, including Gyles Brandreth, Clare Balding, Kirsty Young, AJ Odudu and Anita Rani. Viewers loved watching different acts perform live from St James' Park in London.  A whole host of celebrities from the worlds of music, showbiz and sport could be seen in colourful floats, waving to the crowds. Yet viewers blasted the network's coverage as they claimed there was too much "mindless chatter" from the commentators. Taking to Twitter, @maggiecooper12 said: "Typical #BBC spoiling #platinumpageant with mindless chatter." @Evaatje59 added: "#BBC tell the commentators to shut up every now and then!" READ MORE: Len Goodman sparks uproar with curry powder comment - 'foreign muck'   @KatieOXO added: "#platinumpageant please shut up commentators on BBC with your inane chatter. Let us hear the bands & the music!!" @JoniStrix said: "@BBC for pity’s sake, ask your commentators to take a breath! Their endless chatter is really spoiling the #platinumpageant coverage! Grrrrr." However, @Ovid42 enjoyed the commentary, saying: "Who are the commentators? Recognise Gyles Brandreth's voice. "Don't know who the others are and can't hear any of them very well... but am enjoying the snippets of interesting info #PlatinumPageant"   Clare Balding spent some time speaking about which Royal Family members may make an appearance. She said: "Is that Savannah, just behind? The eldest of the Queen's great-grandchildren." Commenting on Prince Louis sitting next to Kate Middleton in the audience, she said: "He's great fun, Prince Louis, I think he's loving it today, boogying and of his own. Look at him there. "Oh and look behind, Mike Tindall and Mia and Lena are here, and I think Lucas might make an appearance as well, he's only 15 months old but the third of Mike and Zara Tindall's children might just pop in." DON'T MISS... BBC blasted for showing 'bored' Princess Charlotte during concert'Hilarious' Prince Louis pulls faces at mum KateJoan Collins pays tribute to Queen as she shares fondest memory She went on to discuss how viewers would see "dancing strawberries" and "pineapple queens" as some dancers were seen representing the flora and fauna of the UK. "I'm liking the dancing strawberries...and the broken wheel on that [float], who hasn't had a shopping trolley with a broken wheel? That's a very British thing to have." One fan claimed Clare "did not know enough" about the proceedings, with @maryt9703 saying: "#PlatinumPageant #clarebalding #BBC Clare Balding's commentary sucks. "Leaves much to be desired. She doesn't know enough about the procession."  The spectacular parade brought together dancers, military displays, musicians, key workers and communities to mark the Queen's 70-year reign. Viewers described it as an appropriate blend of "spectacular and ridiculous". The event follows on from the Platinum Party at the Palace, which took place outside Buckingham Palace on Saturday night. The concert featured acts such as Diana Ross, Diversity, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Sam Ryder, Craig David and Elbow.