Arsenal are set to increase their efforts to land Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus over the coming weeks, with Mikel Arteta eager to improve his attacking ranks as a matter of priority, according to reports. The Gunners have been linked with a move for Jesus over the last few months and have been tipped to firm up their interest in his services with an official bid in the not-too-distant future. Arsenal's desire to land a new striker appears to have been highlighted by the imminent departure of Alexandre Lacazette, who is reportedly set to return to Lyon on a free transfer before the start of next season. The north Londoners will now switch their focus to negotiating a move for Jesus as they look to make the 25-year-old their first signing of the summer transfer window, according to Brazilian journalist Rodrigo Oliveira via Sport Witness.It is claimed that Arsenal will face plenty of stiff competition for Jesus' signature, though, with Tottenham and 'four other top sides' said to be in the hunt to land the City man in advance of the new campaign. He recently hinted that his immediate future could be resolved by as early as next week after scoring for Brazil in a 5-1 win over South Korea on Thursday."I'm looking to see what's best for me and above all, for my career," he told reporters. "From Tuesday, we'll see what is the best." JUST IN: Liverpool's new incentive to seal £38.3m transfer as Mane replacement Arsenal are believed to be the clear frontrunners in the race to land Jesus, with those in power at the Emirates Stadium said to be 'very close' to completing a move for his signature as things stand. However, the Gunners will be forced to pay in excess of £42million to tempt City into selling up as the newly-crowned Premier League champions look to recoup a decent fee for his services.Jesus would offer Arsenal some much-needed versatility at the top of the pitch and is clearly a striker capable of bagging plenty of goals in the Premier League, having scored 13 times in all competitions over the course of this season. Mikel Arteta has already been urged to hand Jesus a starring role in attack by former Premier League forward Kevin Phillips, who believes that Arsenal will be able to beat Tottenham in the race to snap him up this summer. "He has been almost a bit-part player for City [but] you’d imagine that for Arsenal, he would be the first-choice," Phillips recently told Football Insider."Arsenal haven’t got the Champions League, but he can help them get there. Jesus can be the main man for Arsenal, which can be the most important thing for any player looking to make a move. He will want to play week-in, week-out." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here