The alert, by the Met Office, began at 2am and is set to end at 6pm today. Residents living in these worst-hit areas were forewarned of the torrential rain yesterday as many places experienced downpours. Senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, Jim Dale, said flooding is predicted in some places. He told Express.co.uk: “South west Scotland will be taking the brunt of the rain today with some local flooding to be expected.  “It will, perhaps, be more widespread.” This part of the country includes places such as Dumfries and Galloway on the Lothian Borders and both east and south Ayrshire in Strathclyde. Mr Dale also said thunderstorms may reach other parts of the UK later this week, but could not be more specific at this time. Downpours will be "heavy and persistent", the Met Office says, and will be accompanied by strong southerly winds which will affect the south west of Scotland.  It will clear to the east by this evening, but it is predicted that up to 30mm of rain will fall, but on western high grounds around Galloway Hills, this will far increase to up to 60mm. Interactive maps also show strong gusts moving in from the west. People are urged to be on guard as there is a chance of flooding to a "few homes and businesses", and bus and train services will likely be affected with journey times taking longer than usual. Drivers should also take to the roads with extra caution due to excess surface water and spray. READ MORE: Met Office verdict on when sweltering 30C heatwave will hit UK   Train operator ScotRail has echoed this warning and has stuck speed restrictions on some of its services until tomorrow. The Stranraer Line from Barrhill to Stranraer is affected, along with the Kilmarnock service to Carlisle including Sanquhar to Holywood. The West Highland line Glen Douglas to Ardlui is also included. Network Rail Scotland said: “We'll be monitoring the weather in real-time as it crosses the country and engineers will be on standby in areas most affected.”  DON'T MISS:Israel fury as EU attempts to push Iran nuclear deal [REPORT]Liz Truss draws up plan with Ukraine to END Putin's horror war [REVEAL]Putin humiliated as Russian ammunition train derails [INSIGHT] Traffic Scotland has also moved to warn people of difficult driving conditions. Despite the gusts and heavy downpours easing up by the end of the day, much of the areas under the warning will still be in for more showers as the week continues. Temperatures will climb to 17C and light rain is forecast to last until at least Sunday, July 3. 