Strictly Come Dancing is returning to BBC One for its milestone 20th series later this year and fans have been patiently waiting for the celebrity lineup to be announced. When Northern Irish actor James Nesbitt was asked whether he could be tempted to sign up for the dance competition he revealed one request which "really scares" him about taking part.  The 57-year-old actor, who has starred in a series of acclaimed television dramas such as Netflix's Stay Close and ITV's Cold Feet, is set to return to screens in Channel 4's new series Suspect. James opened up about starring in the channel's latest drama where he plays veteran detective Danny Frater to Radio Times. He also discussed whether he would be tempted to take part in Strictly Come Dancing. James said his daughters Peggy and Mary would "love" him to give the ballroom competition a go but he admitted he did not like the thought of being filmed dancing.  READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser  He explained: "I am very competitive. What was interesting about Suspect, as terrifying as it was, it also brought out the competitor in me. "I was working with this incredible array of talent and I was scared into having to try and match them. “But the Strictly thing - I’m actually quite shy in a way." The actor revealed he adored the Viennese waltz adding: "I love all of that - I love the notion of the discipline of learning."  However, James admitted the one rule which worries him about starring on the BBC One primetime show. James revealed: "The one [dance] that really scares me is the one with the bare chest - the samba or whatever. It must be the Presbyterian in me.” Many male competitors have revealed their chests to perform the samba in the competition, with some unbuttoning their shirts completely for the racy dance. While the star-studded lineup for this year's series has not yet been announced the professional lineup was revealed earlier this year. DON'T MISS...Gemma Atkinson has 'painful' looking treatment amid Gorka's health woe [HEALTH]Anton du Beke makes candid Strictly admission 'Missing dancing' [UPDATE]Joe Sugg opens up on how Strictly Come Dancing changed life [EXCLUSIVE] The only dancers who are not returning for the 20th series are former winners Oti Mause and Aljaž Škorjanec. Aljaž made a glamourous appearance alongside his wife, and It Takes Two presenter, Janette Manrara at The British Soap Awards on Saturday evening. Janette pulled out of the show in recent years and made her presenting debut on It Takes Two last year. Oti, who hosts Romeo and Duet and Dancing On Ice, has recently launched her own bra range after admitting her struggles with her 28GG bust.  The dancer has joined forces with Bravissimo for the new project after revealing previously she'd been brought to tears over her chest. However, she revealed the Strictly team helped give her the confidence boost she needed. She told Lorraine Kelly: “Nobody picked on me for it and no one discriminated against me for it and nobody said anything in a negative way." Strictly Come Dancing returns on BBC One on a date yet to be announced and Suspect lands on Channel 4 on Sunday, June 19. 