Anthony Joshua's new trainer Robert Garcia has stated that he believes AJ is more talented than rivals Tyson Fury, Oleksandr Usyk, and Deontay Wilder. Joshua has recently teamed up with Garcia as he bids to beat Usyk in their long-awaited rematch after losing to the Ukrainian last September. Garcia, who has trained 14 world champions, has been extremely impressed by what he has seen from the Brit so far and is confident that he is training the most talented heavyweight in the world. "Who's the most talented heavyweight? I've always said Anthony Joshua," Garcia told Little Giant Boxing. "Tyson Fury's a different beast, a different monster. Oleksandr Usyk's very technical and difficult. Deontay Wilder has tremendous power. But overall talent, for me, I pick Joshua. "Another thing is that Anthony Joshua also has insane power. He has great power, more than anybody else, I think. Wilder, I have never felt his power, he is one of them guys too who has that one-punch power. But Joshua has it also and he is very strong." MORE BOXING NEWS... Daniel Dubois labelled ‘hardest hitting heavyweight’ in world boxing Inoue has house broken into just hours after Donaire victory Fury issues retirement update after Arum hints at Joshua or Usyk next Garcia replaces Rob McCracken as trainer, while Angel Fernandez continues to work with Joshua in his base camp at Loughborough University. McCracken had worked with Joshua his entire pro career up until the switch, but after criticisms began to arise over the gameplan against Usyk, Joshua sought out Garcia to make changes. “I love that challenge,” Garcia told Little Giant Boxing. “Especially coming off a loss and getting the rematch against a guy that beat him. It’s a great challenge for me. I understand it’s not going to be easy. I’m gonna do whatever it takes to get Anthony to become champion again. “That’s the thing that motivates me the most: after coming off a loss where people don’t expect him to win. Those are the challenges that I love. Like when Maidana beat Broner or Abner Mares beat [Jesus] Cuellar or Steve Luevano who travelled to London to fight Nicky Cook and knocked him out in the 11th round where nobody expected that to happen.” Joshua is expected to face Usyk a second time in mid-august with Matchroom Boxing promoter Eddie Hearn reportedly targeting an August 13 or August 20 date in Saudi Arabia. Recent reports suggest that the super fight will be broadcasted on DAZN rather than Joshua’s long-standing broadcaster Sky Sports after the streaming service signed Joshua to a new lucrative deal.