Andy Murray believed he missed out on a big opportunity to go deep at Wimbledon after crashing out to big-serving American John Isner. The former champion went down in four sets on Centre Court to exit at the second round stage for the first time in his career.  “I feel disappointed right now. Obviously I wanted to do well here. I love playing at Wimbledon. It’s a surface that I feel like I can still compete with the best guys on. It definitely, definitely hurts,” said Murray. “I could have had a good run here. It’s very frustrating. I was ready to do well here but the margins are fine at the highest level. “It's one of those matches that, had I got through, who knows what would have happened. “The first two sets I didn’t serve well which didn’t help me and he was serving extremely well as you’d expect. He didn’t give me many chances.   “I think most of the players on the tour would tell you that a match like that was won or lost based on a few points here and there. I didn't play well enough on those points tonight.” Murray admitted he found Isner’s power serving too hot to handle after being aced 36 times. “I've played many times against those players and found ways to get enough balls back, make enough returns to turn the matches, whether that's been against Karlovic, Isner, Raonic, those sorts of guys. I've done well against them,” he said. “It's just trying to read the serve a little bit better or try and think a little bit about the patterns that they've been serving, whether you can maybe guess a little bit.   “But tonight he served well and he served very close to the lines in important moments. When he does that, it doesn't always matter what you're trying to do. Not easy.” Murray, 35, vowed to keep playing and return to Wimbledon next year - as long as his battered body allows him to. “Physically, if I feel good, then we'll try to keep playing,” he said. “But it's extremely difficult with the problems I've had with my body in the last few years to make long-term predictions about how I'm going to be even in a few weeks' time, never mind in a year's time. “If physically I'm in a good place, yes I will continue to play. But it's not easy to keep my body in optimal condition to compete at the highest level.” 