Carers allowance is one of the main welfare benefits to help carers in the UK and is provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). If a person cares for someone for at least 35 hours a week, then they could be eligible for Carers Allowance. The allowance gives a person £69.70 a week which can be used in whatever way they want or needs to. People are usually eligible for the allowance if they are 16 years of age or over, are not in full-time education, and spend at least 35 hours a week caring for a disabled person. A person must also not earn more than £132 a week from employment or self-employment, this is after deductions for income tax, National Insurance and for pensions. However, if earnings are “sometimes” more than £128 a week then people could still be eligible. They must also not be subject to immigration control that would stop a person from getting benefits. The rules say that the person being cared for must, at least, claim one “qualifying benefit” for the carer to be eligible. READ MORE: 'I felt physically sick' - Woman devastated after scam left her account balance at 'zero' These include Attendance Allowance, Constant Attendance Allowance, the care component of Disability Living Allowance at the middle or highest rate, and the daily living component of Personal Independence Payment at either rate or the Armed Forces Independence Payment. If eligible, a carer can then choose if they would like to be paid weekly in advance or every four weeks with the money being paid straight into their bank account. The rules state that a carer can only claim for the allowance once which means that they cannot claim twice if they care for more than one person. It also says that if someone else also cares for the same person, then only one of the carers can claim the allowance.  In addition, carers will get National Insurance credits towards their pension if they are below the retirement age. Before making a claim, a carer must have their National Insurance number and if they have a partner they will also need theirs. They will also need their bank or building society details unless they receive a state pension, their employment details and the latest payslip if they're working, or if they have finished work they must also have their P45. The carer must provide details about the expenses such as pension contributions or the cost of caring for children or the disabled person while they’re at work. Those who are studying must also supply their course details. The rules say that a person does not have to be related to or live with the person they care for to claim Carer's Allowance. It also adds that the carer's savings and National Insurance record won't make a difference to the claim and that it does not count towards the benefit cap. If the carer claims Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit then they must contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to tell them about the allowance claim. Those in Scotland are able to receive the Carer’s Allowance Supplement which is an extra payment for those who receive their allowance on a certain date and is paid twice a year. Around 90,000 carers across Scotland have received the extra payment £245.70 in April. The next payment is due to be paid in October. According to official statistics from the DWP, in February 2021 there were 1.3 million people claiming the benefit.