Another cryptocurrency crash interrupted Bitcoin's gentle upwards trajectory today, shocking the market. Lenders and exchanges paused activity today as BTC collapsed to $23,880, bringing it below the $25,000 support level it had only just reached. With the market's whole capitalisation now below $1 trillion, many investors will have lost thousands or millions, leading them to question what might happen next. Experts watching the crisis unfold tracked $965 million as it departed the cryptocurrency market over the last 24 hours. The sudden collapse will have left many involved in the market shell-shocked and wondering what could happen next. Analysts believe the situation was partly facilitated by a decision from major lending firm Celsius to halt withdrawals. READ MORE: Bitcoin: 'True blue-chip cryptocurrency' Experts praise bullish market The firm announced today that it had “paused all withdrawals, swap, and transfers between accounts". Celsius assured customers that "operations will continue", and it would "continue to update the community". The statement added: "Celsius has taken this action to stabilise liquidity and to preserve and protect assets.” While observers agree the decision did not help market capitalisation, Marcus Sotiriou, an analyst at the UK-based digital asset broker GlobalBlock, said the activity started when the US Treasury posted its inflation figures. He said: "Despite the fear, uncertainty and doubt the Celsius debacle has caused, the sell-off started at the beginning of the weekend on Friday, after the US inflation data was released. "CPI was reportedly 8.6 percent year over year in May, which is a 0.3 percent increase compared to April, showing that inflation is ramping up rather than slowing down. "I think this is a bigger contributor to the decline we have seen, as it results in a more hawkish Federal Reserve - they are now forced to remove more liquidity from the market in order to bring down inflation. "When liquidity is removed, risk-on assets are hit the hardest, which includes crypto." Mr Sotiriou insisted the process would ultimately pass and benefit the market further down the line. He said: "It is important to remember that this period of persistent inflation should pass, and the crypto industry will become more efficient, as unsecure and incompetent firms are weeded out bit by bit." Similar bullish sentiment has spread to analysts considering Bitcoin's future. Analysts believe that, like the market, BTC will ultimately rally again, proving the coins' resilience. Market analysis from the Bitfinex cryptocurrency exchange states the coin has continued to show its dominance. The firm said: "Extreme volatility has swept across the cryptocurrency market, providing Bitcoin, as a battle-hardened technology, with yet another opportunity to prove its metal. "A pervasive macroeconomic backdrop of spiralling levels of inflation and continued interest rate hikes from the US’s Federal Reserve is also weighing on the Bitcoin price. "Bitcoin dominance continues to rise amid a flight to quality in the digital token ecosystem."