Last year, Simon Cowell confirmed his ITV talent show The X Factor would not be returning. The programme last aired in 2018 when Dalton Harris was crowned the winner of the series. Over the course of its 17-year run, The X Factor has discovered talents such as Little Mix, One Direction, Leona Lewis and JLS. It has since been reported that the singing competition could be making its comeback. ITV was quick to shut down claims it was returning, although, the reboot could see the show moving to one of the broadcaster's competitors. "There are no current plans for the show to return," an ITV spokesperson confirmed to Express.co.uk. A source claimed Simon Cowell would be bringing The X Factor back in 2023. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find They said the music mogul has been in talks with a number of channels over the reboot. An industry source said: “It has been decided that the time is right to bring X Factor back. "It’s really exciting. Everyone who will be working on the new series can’t wait to get started.” “Things are in the early stages at the moment. But the wheels are definitely in motion. It is hoped that production will begin at the end of the year.” They added to the Daily Star: “Producers want to recapture the magic the show had when it was first on TV. “The focus will all be on the competition element of the show, rather than the razzle-dazzle.” Despite its axing in the UK, it was reported that Simon was due to revamp The X Factor in America. A year after it was cancelled in the UK, Simon teased US fans by saying to The Sun: “I’m proud of the show. In fact, I’m actually thinking about trying to bring X Factor back to America." DON'T MISS...Suzie Fletcher children: Does The Repair Shop star have any children? [CAST]James Martin defends butter obsession in candid family admission [VIDEO]'It's real' JB Gill speaks out on Jeremy Clarkson’s farming struggles [INSIGHT] A source went on to add: "The X Factor is far from dead in America. Simon always felt the show needed some rest and some revamping. “He and the producers are looking at making it appeal to a wider audience and incorporating more social media platforms and streaming possibilities.” Simon was also forced to cancel his other ITV show Britain's Got Talent in 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic. However, fans were delighted when the show, fronted by Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly made its return this year. The father-of-one also discussed whether he has any plans to take a step back, admitting he's "hate to retire". "I’d hate to retire, genuinely," Simon told Express.co.uk and other press. "Thank God I have a job I still love and it's a job where you've got a great idea or good idea or whatever and you really believe that you can make it happen. "There's always the chance that you can... it's all about energy. "I've seen people at 50 look exhausted, terrible, haven’t got it and in reverse, I've seen people in their 80s who have still got it you know, mentally, look good, feel good and are running marathons. "So, it's not quite what I thought you know, when I was 40 I thought what am I going to do when I'm 60?"