Earlier this month, Prince William and Prince Harry came together in what was a frosty reunion when they both attended the televised Service for Thanksgiving during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The brothers were seated on opposite sides of St Paul’s Cathedral and were not seen interacting with each other. William, 40, and Harry, 37, reportedly spent no private time together before the Duke of Sussex returned to the US on Sunday, June 5. Now, a royal commentator has claimed that the princes are “not in contact at all” as their relationship is “still very raw”. Russell Myers, royal editor at The Mirror, told last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen: “My understanding is — I mean there was a story knocking about even before the Jubilee that they were talking or texting and Whatsapping and that is simply not happening. “There is no contact at all. Charles has spoken to Harry a couple of times, but things are still very fraught. “And this opportunity for it to be squashed wasn’t taken. And I think things are still very raw.” Mr Myers also commented on the tension between the brothers at the service for the Queen during the Jubilee. He said: “Harry and Meghan came in and had that awkward moment of getting to their seats — they had to squeeze past the York sisters and their chaps. “And then when the Cambridges, and later Charles and Camilla, came in, they didn't even look in his direction. “They were just looking straight ahead, then pulling right to get to their seats. “William even ducked his shoulder to sort of move in very quickly. Harry leant back in his seat and he peered over Jack Brooksbank’s head to look at them — he leant back in his seat and gazed in their direction.” Mr Myers continued: “I thought at that moment that if William had caught his gaze and sort of given him a nod, well that would have been the story wouldn’t it: ‘Oh my god! The brothers have made up!’ “But the very fact that he didn’t even do that speaks volumes. I think that was a golden opportunity.” Harry and Meghan were seen just twice during the Jubilee celebrations — briefly in the windows of Buckingham Palace during Trooping the Colour and at the Service of Thanksgiving. DON'T MISSPrince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [ANALYSIS]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [INSIGHT] The couple travelled across the pond with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and one-year-old Lilibet Diana — but they were not seen publicly during the special weekend. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were reportedly asked to keep a low profile to avoid overshadowing the Queen’s monumental achievement. They made a swift exit before the festivities were even over, and reportedly left Frogmore Cottage ahead of the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. The prince’s biographer, Angela Levin, claims the couple expected to be welcomed with open arms as they returned to London with their family for the first time in two years. Instead, she said they came to realise the family has moved on without them. She told Daily Mail last week: "I do wonder if they [Harry and Meghan] decided: 'We've had enough of this, let's go early.' “I think they were furious. I think they believed they would come back and be welcomed with open arms — but the truth is that the world, and the Royal Family, have moved on without them. “They thought that everyone would drop everything for them, but they didn't." Meanwhile, William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly moving their lives closer to the matriarch of the family. The couple are said to be moving to a house on the Queen's Windsor estate this summer. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Neil Sean, a show business expert who regularly comments on the Royal Family, claimed that the move is a response to Harry's previous comments about the monarch. He said: "The final decision for Prince William and Kate to make that tricky move out from Kensington Palace into Windsor Castle was sweetened up by the media. "But more importantly the message is basically Harry and Meghan wanted to make sure that the Queen had the right people around her so William and Kate moving directly into Windsor Castle was a direct message to say, 'we are the right people'. "Kate and the Queen are very close, they speak almost daily on the phone. "She holds her in very high regard."