Home improvements are a great way for homeowners to boost their home’s value. However, knowing what to focus on can be hard, especially if on a budget. Sarah shared top tips with This Morning hosts back in 2017 on how homeowners can add value to their homes at “low cost”. The property expert explained: “The obvious way is if you add square footage, you generally add value but that’s not always the case. “So be careful if you build all over your garden and you’ve got no garden but six bedrooms, then that’s probably not adding value. “Adding value at a low cost is a lot to do with using every single foot that you’ve got. “There’s a lot of waste of space inside and outside that people don’t make the most of.” Making use of all the space in the home includes using space under stairs or using storage in hallways. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ The expert continued: “We have waste of space in corridors, if there’s piles of coats and shoes in your hallway, think about having clever uses of storage that actually make that space feel bigger.” Having less items of clothing and shoes on show will automatically make any space feel bigger. Adding mirrors into hallways or small rooms can also help to reflect light in the room, making it seem larger than it is. Sarah also said that if people don’t have a garden, they could use windowsill boxes to grow herbs or vegetables, making use of all the space available. DON'T MISS:Laundry: How to properly clean towels to keep them ‘fluffy’ [EXPERT]‘Healthier’ to avoid watering lawns in ‘prolonged’ periods of heat [COMMENT]Watering tips: ‘Best’ time of the day to water plants in summer [EXPLAINER] Container plants are also great for those with patios or balconies. Maximising the space and decluttering can help to add to the kerb appeal of any home, which is attractive for homebuyers. For anyone planning to renovate their homes, Sarah recommended either focusing on the bathroom or kitchen. This is because they are deemed to be two of the most important rooms in the home. They are also expensive to change and can be off-putting for buyers. The expert explained: “When someone looks at the house, if they don’t like the bedroom colour, they’re not too worried about that but having to totally rip out a kitchen is logistically complicated. “Don’t spread a little bit of money between a kitchen and a bathroom, make sure you’ve got a really amazing kitchen or a really amazing bathroom.” Adding square footage also means adding extra rooms, like another bedroom. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to Mark Hughes, a Specialist Mortgage advisor focusing on residential property at Pure Property Finance, adding a bedroom is the “easiest” way to add value to a property. Adding an extra bedroom into a home also doesn’t have to be expensive. If there is a small office space, adding a single bed to it can be more helpful when it comes to selling the property. This is so potential homebuyers can see that a bed fits in the space, rather than seeing it as an office or storage space. Maintaining a garden can also increase a property’s kerb appeal, in turn adding value to it.