For the last year, the Coronation Street favourite has constantly been at loggerheads with her daughter Gail Platt (played by Helen Worth) over her drinking habits. Gail thinks her mother has a problem she won't address, while Audrey is sick of her family telling her what to do. Last week, Audrey's long-lost son, Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) made an unexpected comeback and expressed concern for his mother. Official spoilers for the ITV soap reveal Audrey has already been influenced by her son's comeback and is set to update her will. Could Stephen have dark motives behind his return to the cobbles? It could be that he is after his mum's money, and will do anything to get his hands on it. In upcoming episodes, Audrey will be discharged from hospital following her accident. Gail will be left feeling concerned when she insists on going straight to the Rovers to celebrate. When Elaine Jones (Paula Wilcox) reveals she’s planning on holidaying at the Italian lakes, Gail suggests she picks Stephen’s brain. Stephen later talks to a smitten Elaine about Italy and she hangs on his every word. Audrey decides to speak to her family, with Stephen in tow. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition She tells Gail and David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) that she’s updating her will and she’s calling a family meeting. David and Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) fuss over Audrey, each hoping for a decent slice of her estate. Audrey asks Gail, Stephen, Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) David and Sarah to join her at bistro. There, she announces that she intends to leave all her money to WARTS, the Weatherfield Association of Retail Traders, in memory of Alfie. She is still furious with her family, particularly David since he tried to get power of attorney over her money. In the Rovers, she tells the family that she loves them and will leave them her money but to be held in trust by Stephen. The shocked Platts can't believe what they're hearing. When Stephen reveals that he’s moving in with Audrey at Grasmere Drive to look after her and they’ll be seeing much more of him, David’s horrified. When Stephen showed up last week, he realised his mother was lying unconscious after being injured, not nobody had realised. DON'T MISS... Meghan Markle fuels presidential bid rumours after Washington hint [LATEST]Lewis Hamilton’s calls for change slammed by Bernie Ecclestone [VIDEO]GMB fans hit back as guest slams Royal spending 'They help more!' [REACTION] He lectured Gail about looking after Audrey and the two bickered about their mother. Later, when Audrey woke up, she was delighted to see Stephen but still furious at Gail. "What are you doing here?" she asked. "Hoping that you'd seen the last of me? "Disappointed that I'm not pushing up the daisies?" Gail was devastated and replied: "Mum, please don't say that."  "Don't you start pretending to care," Audrey snapped harshly and demanded Gail leave, which she tearfully did. It seems Audrey still doesn't want to fix the rift between herself and her daughter, and with Stephen back, she is keen to keep him around. But could he have come back simply to get his hands on Audrey's money? With Stephen now in control of Audrey's finances in the event of her death, he might decide to take advantage of the opportunity. Could he kill his own mother? Forced by her father, Audrey gave Stephen to a young childless couple after giving birth to him. Throughout the last couple of decades, he has made a few appearances and become closer with the family. It seems he is back in Weatherfield to stay this time, though. With Audrey's healthy declining, Stephen might be able to make her death look like an accident, similar to the one she was involved in last week. He could then take her money and flee the country. Will the Platts be able to work out what's going on before it's too late? Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.