Red Bull driver Max Verstappen has revealed the two Formula One tracks that he never wants to lose from the calendar, as the Monaco Grand Prix’s future is still up in the air. The iconic Monaco circuit is without a deal beyond 2022, and there has been speculation whether last month’s race would be the last. Verstappen was answering questions posed to him by fans when he was asked on Sky Sports F1 which two venues he wanted to stay on the calendar forever. “Monaco has all the history and probably it will be hard to replace that one,” the Dutchman said. “But for me also Spa is an amazing track. “It’s not up to me right? But I hope, I wish that they will stay on [the calendar].” Verstappen could not resist the track he was speaking from as he also mentioned Spa-Francorchamps, home of the Belgian Grand Prix. Verstappen finished third in Monaco as he extended his lead in the overall standings by three points over Charles Leclerc, but may have to start considering his Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez who is now third overall and just six points behind Leclerc after taking the win in Monaco. Verstappen has been warned that Perez is becoming a “thorn in the side” by Johnny Herbert ahead of this weekend’s race in Baku. The Mexican won in Azerbaijan last year and will be full of confidence as he aims to close the gap on both Leclerc and his team-mate following his new deal at Red Bull. Verstappen is the son of Jos Verstappen, who secured two podium finishes during his podium career, and was name-dropped by his son when asked which racer he would have wanted to battle the most during their prime. “The only thing I’m really curious about is actually to face my own dad in his prime,” the 24-year-old said. “Because I don’t know, so I actually would like to see that, to see the differences between us.” When asked who would win in a father vs son race, he admitted that both of them would have wanted the victory. “I think from both sides that would be the target,” he said. “Because that is what he told me already from when I started racing, he wanted me to be the better driver.” Monaco was also named as the most difficult race by Verstappen when a fan asked him to name the most difficult circuit. “I think probably Monaco," he added. "Just because you cannot make a mistake, if you lock up a tiny bit in the wrong place at the wrong time, you are in the wall. So I think probably Monaco.”