Commuters across the country are facing major commute problems due to the National Rail strikes, commuters in London discussed their thoughts on the ongoing travel disruption with journalist Paul Hawkins. One London commuter slammed rail workers claiming that they're paid more that the people that they are currently disrupting. And explained that they were causing problems for healthcare professionals such as nurses who were coming into London Bridge hospital. Another commuter explained that people who have to travel into London to work instead of working from home were being screwed over by the strikes. Rail workers are striking in order to receive pay rises and job security in their sector. One London commuter told GB News: "It took me half an hour longer than normal, I had to go via Norwood and then back into Lonon Bridge. "So not that pleased to be honest with what the strikers are doing, they're all paid £50-£60.000 more than people they're disrupting, nurses coming up to London Bridge hospital, I think it's disgusting." Another London commuter added: "I get it, especially after Covid, like there needs to be some job increases. "There needs to be maybe a bit of a pay rise, but if everyone is working from home there's no real impact. JUST IN: Prince William had to quit degree as he admits he fell ASLEEP during university lectures     "Like I said my train wasn't busy, we just got stuck outside so people who do have to come into the city are being screwed over. "But there's not really as much of an impact as there used to be." Mr Hawkins said: "How do you feel about the fact that this could go on for months." The London commuter responded: "Oh God! Not excited as some who has to go in every day." READ MORE:Keir Starmer picks side in Brexit debate as Labour rules out bringing back free movement      RMT union boss Mick Lynch has been pushing for a meeting with Transport Secretary Grant Shapps for some time now, in order to discuss rail worker's demands. Rail workers are asking the Government to increase their pay by 7% and to stop major job cuts to the rail sector. Mr Lynch told Newsnight: “Well, that is nonsense. We are hearing a lot of nonsense from the Government today…hype and fantasy from the Government…who are just making stuff up for the sake of it. “Our members worked entirely during that, they worked their shifts 24/7 round the clock, their reward for that is to have the conditions ripped up, have their jobs threatened, thousands of jobs.” DON’T MISS: Zelensky praises ‘strong guys and girls’ amid Russian onslaught in the Donbas Vladimir Putin backed by 'network' holding £3.7billion in assets, report claims Doctor who quizzed woman on sex life will be back in 6 months    Calls for the Government to step in and create a law to stop unions from disrupting vital service industries around the country have been piling in. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set to acuse trade unions of "driving away commuters who ultimately support the jobs of rail workers", while also affecting many businesses across the UK. Mr Johnson will say: "Too high demands on pay will also make it incredibly difficult to bring to an end the current challenges facing families around the world with rising costs of living. "Now is the time to come to a sensible compromise for the good of the British people and the rail workforce." 