Alexander Zverev is determined to come back and win Grand Slams despite his French Open injury according to his older brother Mischa. The German is determined to emulate the likes of Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer to come back from a serious injury to win a major title. Affectionately called by many on the tour as ‘Sascha’ the world no 3 tore multiple ligaments in his right ankle after a fall during his French Open semi-final against Nadal. The 25-year-old immediately screamed out in pain and had to be helped from the court on a wheelchair before undergoing surgery on the injury earlier this week. It was a disappointing way for the match to end with Sascha putting the ‘King of Clay’ under immense pressure by taking the Spanish star to two tie breaks before picking up his injury, forcing him to retire towards the end of the second set. Mischa Zverev has also enjoyed a distinguished career with a victory over Andy Murray in Round 4 of the 2017 Australian Open a career highlight. He has been a close confidant to his brother throughout his career, helping him behind the scenes and also serving as his doubles partner. Speaking on the Eurosport Germany podcast, “Das Gelbe vom Ball”, Mischa said they were not putting a timeline on his brother’s recovery. “We don’t want to plan now because when you say it’s going to be a month or two, you count every day and wonder if you’re going to make it or not,” Mischa Zverev explained. “You then have such a feeling of disappointment when you don’t make it. We just look at how the foot and the leg are doing and see how Sascha feels physically. “And then, of course, his play has to be right, because Sascha definitely doesn’t want to come back and not play well.” The world no 3 is not short of role models to follow. Many of tennis’ top stars have recovered from long injury setbacks to claim major titles. Nadal has battled a long-term foot injury which kept him out of the last four months of 2021 to win both the Australian and French Open this year. Furthemore Roger Federer won both the Australian Open and Wimbledon in 2017 after missing half of 2016 with a knee injury. “Rafael Nadal or Roger Federer are the best examples,” Mischa said. “They come back and win Grand Slam tournaments – and that’s what Sascha wants to do.” “That means he will do everything to come back at one hundred percent and to be as strong as ever before.”