Jurgen Klopp's prediction for Takumi Minamino's impact at Liverpool has been proven correct - despite critics questioning the forward's contributions on Merseyside. The Japan international completed a £15.4million move to AS Monaco to bring to an end a two-and-a-half year spell at Anfield. Minamino settled into a fringe role within the squad following his arrival in January 2020, and only made five starts in his 30 Premier League appearances. The former Red Bull Salzburg star was handed more opportunities to shine in cup competitions, and scored seven goals in nine matches as the Reds lifted the FA Cup and Carabao Cup last season. However, a summer exit was always on the cards for an attacker who seemingly no longer wanted to just be a member of the supporting cast. Liverpool banked a healthy profit from the sale of Minamino, with the 27-year-old departing having made 55 appearances. The inability to dislodge the likes of Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah from a starting spot may have led some to question whether Minamino's time at the club could be considered a success. But a look back at Klopp's comments welcoming the attacker to the club suggests the attacker delivered completely on his manager's expecations. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher's Harvey Elliott prediction falls flat due to Jurgen Klopp's masterplan  The Liverpool boss told the club's website in December 2019 following the confirmation of the deal: "This is fabulous news - a wonderful signing. We are really, really happy about this. Takumi is a very quick, very clever player, he finds space between the lines. "He is brave with the ball but also brave without the ball - a proper team player. He makes the best of himself for the benefit of others." READ MORE Liverpool receive further funds for Jurgen Klopp amid midfielder search Liverpool warned Mo Salah has ‘leverage’ in new contract talks as potential solution named Liverpool dealt blow as £40m midfield target 'opens talks' with Juventus ahead of switch    Klopp's praise of Minamino's quality on the pitch and his character and contribution off the pitch in his emotional farewell statement proves his earlier prediction had come true. The Reds' manager described the forward as a 'manager's dream', and insisted his 'contribution far outweighs the opportunities we were able to give' in terms of regular starts. Klopp even took the unusual decision to address Minamino's critics within his goodbye message. The Liverpool boss says he hoped for the 'perfect team player', and was delighted to work with a player who made the squad better 'each and every day he was with us'.  Minamino never developed into the leading man he would likely have dreamt of when he signed for Liverpool, but that does not mean he should be dismissed as a flop. Klopp was looking for someone to challenge his famous front three, push the standards behind the scenes, and lift the overall quality of the squad. The deals for Fabio Carvalho and Darwin Nunez alongside the instant impact of Luis Diaz means Liverpool are well placed to cope with the sale of Minamino. The departing attacker will not be remembered as one of the greats of this Reds' generation, but he delivered on Klopp's pledge and played the role required to help the side succeed. 