NATO and China’s relations have been strained ever since Russia invaded Ukraine in February. Much of the world condemned Russia’s destructive war in Eastern Europe, but China has refused to call out its ally in Moscow. The Kremlin and Beijing enjoy close ties and work together in international settings, such as when China abstained on a UN vote condemning Russia’s invasion of Crimea in 2014. When Russian troops marched into Ukraine in February, kicking off a violent war that has killed thousands, the world waited to see what China would do. But months after and as the fighting continues in Ukraine's east and south, officials in Beijing have yet to publicly denounce Russia’s actions, leading many to suspect there is behind-the-scenes Chinese support. NATO General Secretary Jens Stoltenberg called on the world to shun China and Russia, in one of the conflict’s biggest escalations so far. READ MORE: Olaf Scholz: Germany building 'LARGEST' army in Europe He told NATO leaders in Madrid: “The international balance of power is shifting and strategic competition is on the rise. China does not share our values and, like Russia, it seeks to undermine the international rules based order. “So we must continue to stand together and work with like-minded partners around the world to protect our values and our freedom. And to promote peace and prosperity.” Mr Stoltenerg spoke while announcing the new NATO Strategic Concept - the alliance’s plan for bolstering its defences against threats around the world. He called for a “fundamental shift” in NATO’s ability to protect its member states which many expect will see thousands more troops placed on the alliance’s border with Russia. NATO and China have been rowing for months over each other’s role in securing international security, and Beijing previously said that NATO “messed up Europe”. Wang Wenbin, a spokesman for China’s ministry of foreign affairs, slammed NATO in a speech in April and accused the alliance of stirring trouble. He said NATO has “wantonly waged wars and dropped bombs in sovereign states, killing and displacing innocent civilians”. He added: “Nato, a military organisation in the North Atlantic, has in recent years come to the Asia-Pacific region to throw its weight around and stir up conflicts.” DON'T MISS:Putin sends Belarus terrifying weapons over NATO panic [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson calls for NEW EU as he prepares to backs Macron's plan [ANALYSIS]Ben Wallace mocks Putin after PM ‘toxic masculinity’ claim [REACTION] China has not publicly declared any support for Russia over its invasion of Ukraine, but it has been accused of secretly supporting the Russian army. Just yesterday, US President Joe Biden put five Chinese companies on a trade blacklist and accused them of "continuing to contract to supply Russian entity listed and sanctioned parties". China’s army is one of the biggest in the world and it spends more than $250 billion on defence, so any involvement in Ukraine would be a huge boost for the Russian army. An international row between China and NATO is the last thing Ukraine needs right now, and President Zelensky will be hoping the move does not push China to get involved in the conflict. UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss got involved in the riff earlier today too, when she warned the West against close ties with Beijing. She said: “I do think that with China extending its influence through economic coercion and building a capable military, there is a real risk that they draw the wrong idea that results in a catastrophic miscalculation such as invading Taiwan.” Experts predict China will try to flex its military muscles over the next five years and throw its weight around to claim a dominant position on the world stage. And that is bad news for Western leaders who fear which orders an energised and capable Chinese military will receive.