In a statement, Wiltshire Police said emergency services were called to the area, just west of Tidworth in south-east Wiltsire, at around 10.45am on Tuesday. They had received a report a man had been involved in a collision with a Warrior armoured fighting vehicle during a routine training exercise. But the man had sustained had significant head injuries in the accident and died shortly afterwards. He has been identified as a member of 5th Battalion The Rifles. Wiltshire Police said the soldier's family is being supported by a specialist family liaison officer." A spokesperson said: "A soldier has sadly died following a collision involving an armoured vehicle on Salisbury Plain. "Emergency services were called to an area of Salisbury Plain, just west of Tidworth, at approximately 10.45am yesterday (21/6) following a report that a man had been involved in a collision with a Warrior armoured fighting vehicle during a routine training exercise. "A 26-year-old man sustained significant head injuries and sadly died at the scene. He has been identified as a member of 5th Battalion The Rifles. "Our thoughts are with his family, friends and colleagues at this difficult time. "His family are being supported by a specialist family liaison officer." Wiltshire Police, alongside the Army and Health and Safety Executive, is now leading an investigation into the collision. READ MORE: Wakefield voter from mining stock slams London elite 'not daft!'   The Salisbury Plain Training Area measures is on 38,000ha of land and covers 25 miles x 10 miles - one-ninth of the entire county of Wiltshire. Around 12,150ha is currently used for live firing and as impact areas. Public access is permanently restricted in certain areas, including the Imber Live Firing Range. Salisbury Plain the largest area of chalk grassland in North-West Europe. DON'T MISS'Tough bite to chew' Finland sends Putin retaliation warning [BREAKING]PMQs LIVE:'Literally holding hands with Scargill!' Boris blasts Labour [LATEST]Unions cave as pay talks resume strike didn't go the way they wanted [VIDEO] THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW...