The late Prince Philip was known for his controversial sense of humour and quick wit during his life and Queen Elizabeth's Jubilee celebrations in 2012 were no exception. The royal couple did not sit on the thrones placed for them during the River Pageant, with Prince Phillip making a jibe at David Beckham for the reason why not. The year 2012 marked the Diamond Jubilee of the Queen as she celebrated 60 years on the throne. The only diamond jubilee celebration for any of Elizabeth's predecessors was in 1897, for the 60th anniversary of the accession of Queen Victoria. To mark the special occasion, the monarch and Philip took part in a River Pageant, but they did not sit on the thrones placed out for them. When Phillip was asked why he did not sit down, he simply replied: "We'd have looked like Mr and Mrs Beckham, wouldn't we?" READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on eye-popping display in busty, barely-there top In context, Philip's comment was a reference to David and Victoria Beckham's wedding in 1999, during which they sat on huge red velvet thrones. When the late Duke passed away last year, David and Victoria were among the many who took to social media to pay their tributes. David wrote in view of his 73.6 million Instagram followers: "My thoughts and sympathies go to Her Majesty The Queen and the Royal Family as we join them to mourn the loss of Prince Philip. "A public figure to the world but first a loving husband, father and grandfather. "Today is a day to remember his life and incredible service to Britain and around the world. Rest In Peace Your Highness." Meanwhile, Victoria penned on her own profile: "Saddened to hear about the passing of Prince Philip today. My heart goes out to the Royal family during this difficult time." David often openly praises the royals, with the former footballer taking to Instagram to wish the Queen a happy 96th birthday earlier this year. He wrote: "Wishing a very Happy 96th Birthday to Her Majesty The Queen. DON'T MISS... Trinny Woodall, 58, showcases enviable figure in half-naked post [PICS] Ronnie Wood fortune: Staggering wealth rocker is amassing for his kids [COMMENT] Marilyn Monroe dazzles in pics on what would've been her 96th birthday [INSIGHT] "In this Platinum Jubilee year we celebrate your incredible service. "We are so lucky to have such inspiring leadership for our country." David will also have a role in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations as he takes part in the epic Platinum Party at the Palace today. Among those performing includes Queen, Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Ella Eyre, Craig David and George Eztra to name a few. Others will also take part in the celebration either live or in film and these include David, Sir David Attenborough, Emma Raducanu, Stephen Fry and Dame Julie Andrews. Hosts Kirsty Young and Roman Kemp will lead live coverage of the Platinum Party at the Palace which will see some 22,000 people in attendance. Ten thousand tickets were allocated in a public ballot and over 7,500 tickets were reserved for key workers, members of the Armed Forces, volunteers, and charities. The design of the stage will see three separate stages linked by walkways and 70 illuminated columns representing the Queen's 70-year reign – creating a 360-degree experience in front of Buckingham Palace and The Queen Victoria Memorial.