Reports in Italy claim Juventus have told Chelsea they only want straight cash for Matthijs de Ligt this summer. The Blues are weighing up a swoop for the Dutchman and it's claimed they're willing to propose a player-plus-cash bid to get the deal done. Chelsea have several players within their squad facing uncertain futures in west London and there has been talk the Blues would be prepared to include them as makeweight. According to Tuttosport, Thomas Tuchel's side have considered offering Juve Timo Werner or Christian Pulisic as part of a lucrative package for De Ligt. However, the same report declares that Juve are not interested in taking any Chelsea stars in a deal because they only want cash for the centre-back. Werner is a player that has been floated to the Italian giants earlier this year when his agent met with officials from the Bianconeri. READ MORE: Chelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offer But Chelsea may have to focus their efforts on finding buyers for the likes of Werner and Pulisic to bolster their spending power. De Ligt certainly won't come cheap with Juventus expected to demand a premium for the former Manchester United target. He has two years remaining on his contract in Turin, meaning the Italian giants do not feel under huge pressure to sell. Chelsea are also interested in Jules Kounde, who is a long-standing target of Tuchel's. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerRaphinha makes transfer decision affecting Arsenal and Spurs after Barcelona agent meeting The Blues made a £42.5m bid for the Frenchman last August which was rebuffed by Sevilla. They are expected to return although this time around, Sevilla will demand up to £60m before agreeing to a sale. Manchester City defender Nathan Ake is also seemingly of interest to Chelsea, who sold him to Bournemouth in the summer of 2017. Chelsea are yet to make any new signings due to the delays they faced following the completion of Todd Boehly's takeover. Yet the Blues have several signings in the works and there is concrete interest in Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele. The Frenchman worked with Tuchel at Borussia Dortmund and is potentially out of contract with Barcelona at the end of the month. Talks are ongoing between Dembele's reps and Barca over a new deal but should an agreement not be reached, Chelsea are ready to pounce. Hakim Ziyech could also be in line to depart the club with AC Milan interested in the former Ajax attacker.