Tottenham are prepared to offer Steven Bergwijn to Ajax as part of a player-plus-cash deal for Manchester United target Antony, according to reports. The highly-rated Brazilian is understood to be among Erik ten Hag's top targets ahead of the new regime at Old Trafford but the Red Devils are yet to test the resolve of the Dutch champions with an opening offer. Their hesitance has seemingly left the door open for other potential suitors to pounce and Antony has previously been linked with the likes of Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal. However, according to The Independent, it's Tottenham who are ready to rival United for the 22-year-old forward, who lit up the Champions League last season as Ajax won all six of their group matches. It's claimed Spurs would be willing to use Bergwijn as a makeweight in a deal to land the Brazil international - although additional cash would be required on top of the swap proposal. Ajax hold long-standing interest in Bergwijn, who was their top target in January before the Spurs man eventually stayed put in north London. READ MORE: Tottenham 'to bid £77m for Lautaro Martinez' with Antonio Conte 'crazy' about transfer Now Tottenham are looking to offload their £27m signing, as they look to recoup the funds paid to PSV Eindhoven to secure a deal in January 2020. The Eredivisie champions have already offered £17m for Bergwijn but Spurs are looking for at least £25m for the 24-year-old. Tottenham are keen to sign another forward player to bolster Antonio Conte's attacking options and Antony fits the bill for the Italian and Fabio Paratici. He is young with a high ceiling, while he's also vastly experienced in the Champions League and international level having won nine caps for Brazil. READ MORETottenham 'make Christian Eriksen offer' with Man Utd one of four Prem proposals on tableTottenham boss Conte 'pursues second Inter transfer deal' after Alessandro Bastoni snubTottenham 'expected to make another approach' for third Juventus ace after January meeting Spurs also hold interest in Newcastle winger Allan Saint-Maximin and Everton forward Richarlison. After securing their return to the Champions League, Tottenham would like to strengthen their options in the final third to ease the pressure on Harry Kane and Heung-min Son. Earlier this year, Antony made it clear he would be keen to move to the Premier League should the opportunity arise. "Ajax is the place where I feel happy. But of course, I do think about a move in the future sometimes,” he told De Telegraaf. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Tuesday Transfers: Tottenham's Spence bid, Everton eye Chelsea deal, Arsenal fury "Premier League and La Liga are the leagues I find beautiful. When the time is right, I hope to play there." Antony's representatives have recently been in Amsterdam visiting the player ahead of a potential summer move. United have held initial discussions with his entourage over a transfer, which is expected to cost between £50m-£60m. Yet with the World Cup in Qatar on the agenda, Antony will be in no rush to depart Ajax, where he has elevated his game to the next level under Ten Hag as he looks to consolidate his place in Tite's squad for this year's tournament.