Piers Morgan, 57, reigned his feud with fellow broadcaster Dan Walker, 45, in a scathing social media rant over the weekend. The TalkTV star had recently hit back at Dan after he mimicked his infamous walk off set on Good Morning Britain. In a new attack, Piers blasted Dan for speaking about himself in the third person in a recent interview. In view of his 7.9 million followers, the former Good Morning Britain host ironically referred to the newsreader as “Mr Modesty”. Piers shared a screenshot showing the excerpt of the interview where Dan explained his signature style when delivering the news. He then added: “Nothing better emphasises this humble claim by Mr Modesty ⁦@mrdanwalker⁩ than talking about himself in the third person, in his 876th recent interview about himself….” READ MORE: Patrick Swayze's beautiful final words to wife Other social media users replied to Piers’ tweet as they took a stance on the public feud between the broadcasters. Pfenech1 said: “Have to say Walker is my least favourite person on the telly…in fact, he’s below that list…” (sic) Craiglatcham argued: “He’s left BBC for C5 - you left ITV for………….whatever it’s called? “Looks like your careers are both on a bit of a downer?” GlynMorgan1 tweeted: “Heaven forbid, a TV personality talking about themselves! “Lucky for you @piersmorgan that you've never been known 2 do such a thing. “Never caught you talking about yourself, promoting yourself, bigging yourself up after all, what would people think if u did something like that?” (sic) Last week, Piers fired back at Dan after he tried to jokingly mock him, as he pretended to storm off the Good Morning Britain set after a heated on-air argument. READ MORE...John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [UPDATE]Carol McGiffin on not being intimate for seven years after sex drought [NEWS]Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [INSIGHT] Piers took to Twitter to react to an article that read: "Dan Walker poked fun at his rival Piers Morgan by jokingly storming out of his Good Morning Britain interview this morning." The presenter tweeted: "He couldn’t even do this better than me…" Both Dan and Piers have recently undergone huge career changes as they launched separate new TV ventures. Piers debuted Piers Morgan: Uncensored in April on TalkTV, with his premiere episode opening to an average of 317,000 viewers on March 25. The global show airs weeknights on Talk TV in the UK, FOX Nation in the US and on Sky News Australia. According to News UK Broadcasting, Uncensored is a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views". Dan left BBC Breakfast last month to join Channel 5 as the lead anchor of the broadcaster’s recently relaunched 5pm news bulletin. He joined Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije who co-presents 5 News, which is produced by ITN.