Recently re-elected French President Emmanuel Macron could see his days numbered only two months after he took office after unexpectedly losing the absolute majority in France's lower court, a political adviser says. President Macron’s coalition Ensemble! fell short of the 289-seat majority required to rein in Parliament and pass legislation without the support from opposition parties. Now, with opposition parties unwilling to form any alliances with him, President Macron has his back against the wall. Amid the challenges ahead, top political adviser Jason Miller argues Mr Macron's term could be short-lived. Answering GB News’ Patrick Christys, he said: "It might be a short run, Patrick. And I’ll tell you why. Two months ago, Macron was build-out by the fact that Russia was on the news every single day with their invasion of Ukraine. "But now the attention has completely turned to inflation and Macron’s terrible domestic policies. That’s why Macron, we saw him hugging really awkward bromance man-type hug that we saw with him and Zelensky. "Just last week, he was trying to recreate some of that magic that got him two months ago but now Macron is under the spotlight. "The National Rally, as you pointed out, does have enough votes to vote for a political censure to go and potentially start the process of removing Macron. And he doesn’t have anywhere to hide." To trigger a no-confidence vote, 58 MPs – a 10th of the National Assembly’s MPs – must vote against the President. To effectively oust a President, a simple majority of 289 is needed. Opposition parties like Marine Le Pen’s National Rally and Jean-Luc Mélenchon each have enough MPs in Parliament now to trigger one. However, they would need almost all the parties’ support to garner enough votes to oust the President. Political analysts argue the only way Macron can survive political instability is to form a coalition with the Republican Party. But its leader Christian Jacob has already ruled out that possibility. READ MORE: Ukraine joining EU would radically change bloc - Macron would hate it When asked whether he was a bit of a showman, Mr Miller said: "Well, I think ultimately Macron has not been able to galvanise the French people in any particular direction. I think he’s so worried about one day to the next or one news cycle to the next that he doesn’t actually stand for anything. "Here’s a thing that people forget with regard to Macron. Macron is very much one of these status quo globalist types. "And when we talk about the left and when we talk about the right in France, don’t think of a straight line. Think almost as a circle where the difference between Le Pen and Jean-Luc Mélenchon really isn’t that far – much closer to the French people "And Macron is left out in the cold." DON'T MISS:Frexiteer Philippot calls for Emmanuel Macron to 'submit resignation' [REPORT]Macron FAILS to win outright majority but beats left-wing and Le Pen [REPORT]Le Pen 'surge' as right-winger expected to make 'major gains' [REPORT] On whether Macron has lost control, Mr Miller said: "I think so. There’s the old adage that if you stand for nothing, you fall for everything. That’s the problem where Macron is right now. It’s he doesn’t have a clear direction or a way to deal with the surging inflation. "In fairness, inflation is taking over France, in the UK. It’s hitting the United States. You look at Sleepy Joe Biden’s polls numbers. It’s falling faster than Joe Biden on a bicycle these days. "But the fact is Macron has literally no strategy, no way to deal with this inflation. He’s getting beaten from the left and the right. I think his days are numbered. On how fast he could leave office, Miller believes it will be "pretty quick."