Manchester United were still unanimously interested in Erling Haaland before he decided to join bitter rivals Manchester City this summer. City eradicated United's long-running links to Haaland by confirming his highly-anticipated arrival earlier this month. The Premier League champions triggered the £51million release clause in Haaland's Borussia Dortmund contract, adding him to Pep Guardiola's already-terrifying attacking regiment. Real Madrid were also known suitors, but City took full advantage of Los Blancos applying their entire focus on a failed pursuit of Kylian Mbappe. Haaland was one of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's prime transfer targets at Old Trafford and even met the 21-year-old, who he managed at Molde, in 2019. However, the release clause his former agent, Mino Raiola, demanded to be included in his contract was a crucial reason United didn't complete a deal to sign him from RB Salzburg in January 2020. But United's interest seemingly didn't dissolve after the departures of Solskjaer and Ed Woodward. According to the MEN, there was a 'mutual agreement' across the Red Devils board that Haaland posed as the 'ideal' striker signing this summer, although they were never confident of beating City and Real to his signature. JUST IN: Arsenal's Fabio Vieira transfer 'accidentally confirmed' Erik ten Hag wants to recruit a new striker in his first transfer window as United manager, with Cristiano Ronaldo turning 38 next season and Edinson Cavani leaving on a free transfer on July 1. But the Dutchman missed his priority target after Liverpool completed an £85m swoop for Benfica's Darwin Nunez. Whether United pursue a big-money striker or splash out on a winger, perhaps reuniting Ten Hag with Ajax star Antony, remains to be seen. Most of the club's focus in the transfer market is currently on sealing a deal for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, a crucial part of Ten Hag's plans. READ MORE: Arsenal and Tottenham set to be 'trumped' by Chelsea for Richarlison Despite Ronaldo's age, after netting 24 goals in his return season at United, it's difficult to see a big chunk of the budget going towards a centre-forward. The Portuguese icon will start at least 50 per cent of all games but could undoubtedly do with a backup option. United may opt to target a young, cheaper option to learn from Ronaldo before he departs Old Trafford for a second time rather than eyeing a marquee buy. Regardless, whoever does arrive would face a daunting task to match the likely output of Haaland next season. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here