The President’s Telegram account also released a message reading: “Many days of this war have proved that Great Britain's support for Ukraine is firm and resolute. "Glad to see our country's great friend Boris Johnson in Kyiv again." The meeting, as in April, was kept secret due to security concerns. On this day, the Prime Minister made a direct appeal to the people of Russia, stressing that “history will remember who looked the other way”. He, speaking in Russian, added: “Your President stands accused of committing war crimes. But I cannot believe he’s acting in your name.” In his visit today, Mr Johnson offered to launch a “major training operation for Ukrainian forces”. READ MORE: Voters ‘fed up’ with waiting for politician whose fit to lead The Prime Minister’s office added: “The UK-led programme would train and drill the Armed Forces of Ukraine using battle-proven British Army expertise, allowing them to accelerate their deployment, rebuild their forces, and scale-up their resistance as they continue to defend their nation’s sovereignty against Russian invaders. “International partners would be invited to host the programme, if the offer is accepted by Ukraine.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] This echoed the message he delivered in April, that “we are in it for the long run”. But voters in Nottingham earlier this month argued not enough was being done to facilitate peace – that the Government should be talking more with Vladimir Putin, too, to increase, even if just buy a small margin, the likelihood of some form of negotiation. Septuagenarian Stewart Crisp also said leaders from both sides of the war “should be talking more”, and cited the quote attributed to Sir Winston Churchill: “Jaw jaw, not war war.” Shortly after the Kremlin launched its invasion, a senior diplomat, quoted by Spectator Editor Fraser Nelson in the Telegraph, said: “If you look at all the options, our strategic interest is probably best served in a long war, a quagmire that drains [Putin] militarily and economically so he cannot do this again.” Number 10 made no mention of any efforts to help facilitate negotiations for peace in its statement upon Mr Johnson’s arrival in Ukraine, only of how to boost the Ukrainian Armed Forces to help them “be victorious in their fight for enduring peace”.