While thousands across the UK are spending the Jubilee weekend celebrating the Queen’s 70th year on the throne, controversy has risen amid increasing calls for the modernisation of the Royal Family - particularly after William and Kate’s PR disaster while touring the Caribbean. These include criticisms of the Union Jack and claims that the Firm is an outdated organisation. But a US-based Royal commentator told Express.co.uk the pomp pageantry was “something so special” about the Royal Family, and should not be lost. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s tour of the Caribbean was met with protests calling for reparations, as well as photos of the pair which put viewers in mind of colonial imagery. Following the tour, the pair expressed a desire to bring the Royal Family more up to date, including ending the use of their titles and doing away with formalities like bowing and curtsying. But while Kinsey Schofield, host of the To Di For Daily podcast, agreed with the need to modernise, she insisted many of the formalities were “beautiful” and should not be lost. She said: “The pomp and pageantry of the Platinum Jubilee is fascinating and beautiful! “I think there is something so special about the history surrounding these events and in this particular case, creating history!  “These types of ceremonies, songs, and dress do not happen in the USA. It is so stunning to witness. Ms Schofield added: “I do agree with the idea of modernising the monarchy and becoming more relatable and attainable as a Prince.” However, she said she would not see this remaining when William becomes King, adding: “I could never not curtsy to a man that has sacrificed his entire life for this job.” While the Jubilee has been impacted in some ways by calls for modernisation, she said, overall “the elegance and sophistication surrounding the formal celebrations are too romantic to look away from. “Those are the events that draw royal watchers in.” READ MORE: Kate and Meghan caught in VERY frosty reunion seated metres apart [REVEAL]  Controversy has also faced the Royal Family in the last few years due to a sex scandal surrounding Prince Andrew, who stepped down from royal duties as a result. Andrew denied all allegations and later came to an out of court settlement with his accuser. As part of the settlement, which is not an admission of guilt, the duke vowed to "demonstrate his regret for his association" with Jeffrey Epstein by supporting the "fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims". Ms Schofield argued the Platinum Jubilee could be what the Royal Family needs to remind people of their best attributes. DON'T MISS: KEY aspect of ALL the Queen’s Jubilees that has been ‘overlooked’ [REVEAL]Tom Jones gushes over 'magnificent' and 'inspiring' Queen [INSIGHT]Queen will put Regency Act in place after Platinum Jubilee — claim [ANALYSIS] She said the “world was eager” to celebrate the Queen’s “selfless service”, and the Platinum Jubilee would improve the Royal Family’s public perception. The podcaster said: “The Queen is a remarkable woman and has lived a life of selfless service. The world is eager to celebrate her dedication and existence. “I think the jubilee will improve public perception worldwide because it gives us a reason to look back and educate ourselves on her life of sacrifice, serving others, and humble kindness. “This is something that members of her own family have distracted from over the last few years.”