Fikayo Tomori saw first-hand what Italy’s victory in the Euros final meant to a nation and it has lit a fire in him to trigger the same explosion of emotion in England at this winter’s World Cup. The in-form AC Milan defender will make his play to be part of Gareth Southgate’s squad for Qatar over the next fortnight with England involved in four Nations League matches. Missing out on Euros selection meant Tomori soaked up last summer’s tournament up as a fan, mingling with the Milanese for the final which proved a bittersweet experience. “Having been in Italy and seen them after the final I have seen how it can really, really be such a celebration,” he said. “I watched it in a hotel with one of my friends. It was difficult to watch and being there when they won, I couldn’t get out of there fast enough. It was an experience near the Duomo so I guess in a way it was nice to see them celebrating - I was right in the middle of it - but I just got home as quickly as I could. “Imagine if we were to win the World Cup how big it would be, so it is definitely a motivation. Every footballer likes to win but to see how a country reacts to it, it is something that motivates you.” The Euros final may have stung but for the most part Tomori has been living la dolce vita in Italy since his move, initially on loan and now permanent, from Chelsea. The defensive emphasis in a country where it is an art form - and the tuition at a club which has Paolo Maldini as its technical director - has honed his craft and being part of Milan’s first Serie A title for 11 years last month was a career highlight. “No-one expected us to do it. We knew we could, so when you do it, it feels even better. It was a really nice feeling,” he said. “Hopefully we can build on what we've done last season and go on to win more [trophies]. "I'm enjoying it and I'm really happy. I think that when I went abroad there was talk around English players doing it but I've just tried to embrace it as much as I could. The people I’ve spoken to about it, when they ask me how it is, I always say: ‘If you ever get the opportunity I don’t see why you shouldn’t.’ You open your mind to not just different ideas in football, but life is different. I’m loving every minute of it.” It has not always been this way for exports from English football - think Ian Rush and Paul Gascoigne - but it helps the 23-year-old now speaks better Italian than Gazza does English. “I was really keen to learn it to help me and help me settle in better. Being able to communicate, I thought was really important. It's not perfect yet and I'm still learning, but it's part of the experience. Sometimes in the changing rooms, I find myself thinking in Italian instead of English," he said. Tomori’s command of the language enabled him to enjoy a laugh back at Italy’s expense when they failed to qualify for the World Cup following a shock defeat to North Macedonia. “In Italy, Macedonia is a fruit salad kind of thing. That’s what it’s called. I remember [Sandro] Tonali and [Alessandro] Florenzi were there so people brought the Macedonia to the training ground. The newspapers were like ‘whoa’ but the people were saying ‘well, we lost to a fruit salad’ so it was taken as a joke,” he said.