Prince Harry and his wife, Meghan Markle, are scheduled to return for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations which commence on Thursday. They will visit the UK with their two children — Archie Harrison, three, and Lilibet Diana, who turns one on Saturday — for the first time since their shock exit two years ago. During their stay the couple will stay at Frogmore Cottage, their former royal residence on the Windsor Estate, where “heightened security measures” are already reportedly being put in place. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** It recently emerged that Harry and Meghan had renewed their lease on the property, which could indicate that there will be more frequent visits in the future. And with Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank — who occupied the property following the Sussexes’ departure — spending more time in Portugal, it appears that the five-bed home is laying in wait for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. A royal source told The Sun on Sunday: "By agreeing to extend the lease, and with Jack and Eugenie focusing on Portugal, they have a firm presence smack bang in the middle of Windsor court where it's all happening. “They can now come and go any time they please. The coming year could be one of the most tumultuous in royal history and the Sussexes are making sure they have a foothold in Windsor." However, one constitutional expert has claimed Meghan and Harry returning as members of the Royal Family is “off the table”. Dr Craig Prescott told Express.co.uk: “I think it [Meghan and Harry returning to fold] is off the table for the time being. And who knows what Harry will come out with in his book? “The Oprah interview was not good for the members of the Royal Family… to put it mildly. “There is still distance there and it might take a long time for that distance to reduce. “It might be a possibility in the far off future, but I don’t see it happening in the immediate future. I feel like it is very unlikely.” Dr Prescott noted the path Meghan and Harry have taken since leaving the Firm, namely their multi-million pound deals with Spotify and Netflix. He said: “I think it is very difficult for, particularly high profile like that [Netflix and Spotify deals], to pursue a highly commercial career whilst being a substantive member of the Royal Family. “There just ends up being conflict of interest. They already have it with Netflix. “They have entered a massive deal with Netflix at the same time they are producing The Crown, which I don’t think has benefited the monarchy. “The monarchy isn’t usually about trading on its position for matters of commercial gain — and that is plainly what they’re doing.” Meghan and Harry have been busy filming a Netflix documentary series about their lives over the past few months. Few details have emerged about the series, but it has been reported that it will be an “at-home with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex style” show. The couple travelled with a Netflix crew in April for their upcoming docuseries, ‘Heart of Invictus’, which will showcase the stories of this year’s competitors. The pair signed the $100million (£80,000) deal with Netflix back in 2020, but are yet to produce any finished content. Earlier this month, it was announced that Meghan’s animated series ‘Pearl’ had been shelved due to Netflix’s wider cost-cutting moves as the streaming giant reported a loss of 200,000 subscribers with expectations to lose a further two million. There have been concerns that Meghan and Harry would bring their film crew across the pond to document the Jubilee celebrations.  But sources have since told The Telegraph that should the crew attempt to film the Sussexes from public areas, they will be "moved on".  It comes as The Sun photographer Arthur Edwards has urged the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to abandon any plans to film for the streaming service during the monarch’s celebrations. On Monday, in an open letter to the couple, he wrote: “I hope you will leave your Netflix crew behind and allow the Queen to take centre stage during these four days of national celebrations to mark her unique 70-year reign.” It was previously confirmed that Meghan and Harry will not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony following the Trooping the Colour, but they have been invited to attend other Jubilee events. Referencing this, Mr Edwards added: "We are looking forward to seeing both of you with other members of the Royal Family at Friday’s service of thanksgiving in St Paul’s Cathedral.”