MotoGP 2022 season continues with some of the best riders in the world heading to the Sachsenring this weekend. The latest race in a captivating season kicks off at 1pm and will be broadcast in the UK exclusively live on BT Sport. You can watch this on your Sky, BT or Virgin Media TV box or you can pick up a BT Sport Monthly Pass to watch every single BT Sport channel on your mobile, tablet, Smart TV or games console for £25 a month. Going into this race, Yamaha star and defending champion Fabio Quartararo leads the standings from Aleix Espargaro and Enea Bastianini. However, the gap between first and second could have a lot closer after a mix up last race which saw Aprilla's Espargaro think the race was over when there was still one lap remaining. The heartbreaking result at Espargaro's home race saw the title contender drop from the podium places to finish fifth. BT Sport has all the action live from the latest round of the 2022 MotoGP season today. The MotoGP race will be broadcast on BT Sport 2 (Sky HD channel 871, Sky 414, TalkTalk 409, Virgin 528, BT TV 431). Live race coverage from Sachsenring begins at 9.15am, with the Moto 3 race first up at 10am. Next is the Moto2 with pre-race build-up from 11am with the race at 11.20am. And then it's the headline act of the MotoGP with build-up from 12.30pm ahead of the race starting at 1pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer, but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices.