It was made clear at the Garter Day service earlier this week that the royals are still concerned about Prince Andrew's public image. As a Knight of the Garter, Andrew was expected to take part in the procession with other Royal Family members, but in a last-minute twist, the Duke only took part in private aspects of the service. ITV's royal editor Chris Ship said a "family decision" was made by the royals to keep Andrew out of the spotlight during the event, so his fresh bid to regain some of his titles could fall on deaf ears.  The Duke of York was stripped of several royal patronages and military affiliations "with the Queen's approval and agreement" back in January, but Andrew is thought to seek a return to royal life and has petitioned the Queen to have several titles returned to him. Andrew lost his role as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards earlier this year but has asked the Queen to have this prestigious honour returned to him. He's also asked for his public HRH status to be reinstated, to have his position as the Queen's son "recognised and respected". A source told the Telegraph: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events.  READ MORE: Prince Andrew DEMANDS spotlight as William 'birthright' row deepens “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.” Whether or not the Queen, or Prince Charles, will allow Andrew to have his titles back remains to be seen. The Queen's support for her second son was evident when he guided her to her seat at Prince Philip's memorial service back in March.  But while the Queen may have wished for Andrew to have taken part in Garter Day, the Duke of York's return has reportedly been blocked by the heir to the throne Prince Charles and Prince William out of respect for public opinion. A source told the Evening Standard: “The Duke of Cambridge was adamant. If York insisted on taking part publicly, he would withdraw."   After it emerged Virginia Giuffre could pursue her civil case against Prince Andrew in the US, the decision was made for many of Andrew's titles to be returned to the Queen. Ms Giuffre alleged she had been trafficked to Prince Andrew by the late convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein when she was under the age of 18. The Duke of York consistently denied the allegations and he and Ms Giuffre later settled out of court, in a settlement that included no admission of guilt on Andrew's part. However, the closed case has not resulted in the Duke's honorary military titles being restored, and he no longer uses the style of 'His Royal Highness' that he has used since birth as the Queen's second son.  DON'T MISS:'Unremarkable Meghan' Andrew Neil sparks fury sharing mean article [INSIGHT]'What right does she have?' Fergie's support for Prince Andrew slammed [ANALYSIS]Prince Andrew has only himself to blame, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT] In addition to his role as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, Andrew also returned the following honours to the Queen: Honorary Air Commodore of RAF LossiemouthColonel-in-Chief of the Royal Irish RegimentColonel-in-Chief of the Small Arms School CorpsColonel-in-Chief of The Royal Lancers (Queen Elizabeth's Own)Colonel-in-Chief of the Yorkshire RegimentCommodore-in-Chief of the Fleet Air ArmRoyal Colonel of the Royal Highland FusiliersRoyal Colonel of the Royal Regiment of Scotland Overseas titles he has lost include: Colonel-in-Chief of the Queen's York Rangers (Canada)Colonel-in-Chief of the Royal Highland Fusiliers of CanadaColonel-in-Chief of the Princess Louise Fusiliers (Canada)Colonel-in-Chief of the Royal New Zealand Army Logistic Regiment  In a further blow, councillors in York voted to remove his Freedom of the City of York honour in April. The newly-created Duke of York had received the honour in 1987, a year after he married Sarah Ferguson. Rachael Maskell, Labour MP for York Central, said Prince Andrew was the "first to ever have their freedom removed" by the city of York. There have also been calls for Andrew to lose his title as Duke of York, but this would likely be subject to a lengthy parliamentary process. 