Jonny is best known for playing doctor Liam Cavanagh on Emmerdale, a role he has held for eight years on and off after first being introduced in a guest capacity. At the moment, his character has no idea his wife, Leyla Harding (played by Roxy Shahidi), is struggling with a drug problem. As the drama unfolds on-screen, life away from the ITV soap couldn't be any more different for the actor, who only marked turning another decade older earlier this year. According to the world of the Dales, the character Jonny plays is in his mid-40s and he has been put through the wringer since he became a member of the regular cast in 2018. It would seem the actor is a little younger than his medically trained alter-ego as Jonny marked turning 40 years old at the beginning of the year. The soap star was born on 4 January 1982, meaning he is somewhat younger than several of his co-stars as well, including the actor who plays Cain Dingle, Jeff Hordley, who is 10 years older than him. Unfortunately, it is not known how the actor marked the occasion of entering the fourth decade of his life. As he uses social media sparingly. This also means he will be celebrating his 41st birthday next year but his character has a whole load of drama to face before then. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns Given his current age, this means when he joined Emmerdale eight years ago, he would have been 32 years old at the time. This is not an unusual age for soap stars to join the cast as many of his co-stars became regular characters in their mid-20s, early 30s. It wouldn't have been until he was 36 years old that he was promoted to a regular position after his character's wife and daughter were introduced. The role of doctor Cavanagh seems to have been Jonny's breakthrough role in the industry as he only seemed to feature in short films before this. He is an alumni of the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Arts, a drama school which Downton Abbey star Hugh Bonneville also attended. Although Liam has suffered a huge amount of grief on Emmerdale, having lost his first wife and his daughter over the years, it wasn't until 13 years ago Jonny suffered his own personal loss. At the age of 27, his father passed away and the soap star has spoken out about the impact it had on him as a person. Jonny explained: "I don’t have children myself so it was quite important to me to try and do it justice [Leanna Cavanagh's death]. "I think so many people out there who watch the show will have lost a child, so I felt out of respect to them more than anything else you want to ensure that you are meeting that level of grief, that emotional truth if you like. "The closest I could get to really is my dad died about 13 years ago, and he died quite suddenly in intensive care, and I remember I had to see him when he was dead and it was quite a shock." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Zoe Henry reacts to Denise Welch's devastating loss [COMMENT]'More than BBC!' Michael Wildman says ITV was 'poster channel' [COMMENT]Kelvin Fletcher's wife in hospital dash after husband's near-miss [COMMENT] "I just remember the intensity of the grief was quite sort of animalistic, I just completely lost control of my brain and there was lots of wailing going on," Jonny continued. "I was holding his hand against my head and I thought, if you’re going to draw on anything, it's going to be that level of emotional turmoil. "But hopefully it is somewhere close to that," he added in an interview with Loose Women. Referring back to age, he also discussed what it was like to work with the actress who played Leanna, Mimi Slinger, for four years. The actor explained how he felt encouraged to work with someone who he was able to watch grow up right before his eyes. Jonny said: "I think it is arguably the worst thing to possibly happen to a human in life, losing your 18-year-old daughter, his only child, on her birthday after her mother has also passed. "I mean it is just unimaginably awful. "I've watched her grow up from 15 when she was first on the show, to 18 and I've watched her flourish in terms of an actress. "I do have a sort of parental sense of protection over her. "When it came to actually imagining her at the bottom of the bridge, it wasn't hard really to bring the tears because obviously, I care about her." At the moment on the weeknight serial drama, it seems Liam has managed to work through his grief after losing Leanna. However, it is Leyla who is now spiralling as she struggles to make it through the day without taking a line of cocaine. Happily settled into married life, Liam sees no problem and because he's in his mid-40s, he doesn't seem to see himself being with anyone else romantically. When he finds out his wife has been taking drugs, however, this could be a whole new story as he struggles to accept what she's been doing. It's not yet known when the secret will come to a head but it will be explosive when it does. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.