Arsenal's board have reportedly baulked at Napoli's asking price for Victor Osimhen and have chalked the striker off their target list for the summer now. Alexandre Lacazette's departure from the Emirates was confirmed on Friday, highlighting Mikel Arteta's need to find a new frontman. Eddie Nketiah may well still sign a new deal with Arsenal keen to tie him down to an extension. A host of strikers have been linked with Arsenal over the past few months with the likes of Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Richarlison and Jonathan David among those touted as targets. Napoli forward Osimhen could also be on the move this summer after a stellar campaign in Italy. Osimhen moved from Lille to Napoli in 2020 and enjoyed good success in front of goal this past season, finding the net 18 times in all competitions. He's attracted interest from all over Europe with Arsenal among those looking at bringing him to the Premier League. But signing Osimhen won't come cheap with Italian outlet Corriere del Mezzogiorno claiming Napoli want a bid in excess of £85million. JUST IN: Arsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject  The report claims that Arsenal are not prepared to pay anything close to that figure and, as a result, have ended their pursuit of the Nigeria international. It is said that Arsenal will now shift all their attention on signing Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City. Jesus is seen as a cheaper option to Osimhen, given that his contract expires in 2023. It's been reported that City want around £55m for the Brazilian, although that figure may be negotiated down due to Jesus' contract. Jesus' minutes at the Etihad may well diminish next season with both Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez joining this summer. City won the race for Haaland's signature towards the end of the season, beating the likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona. DON'T MISS  Jesus broke his silence on his immediate future after scoring for Brazil in the 5-1 win over South Korea this week. “I’m looking to see what’s best for me and above all, for my career," Jesus said. "From Tuesday, we’ll see what is the best." Brazil are back in action on Monday in an international friendly against Japan before they face Argentina later next week. Jesus may well be one of a few players who leave for their summer break early ahead of the game against Argentina. And it appears as though he's set next Tuesday as self-imposed deadline to resolve his future.