He still presides over a hefty Commons majority won largely thanks to his personal campaigning flair and, since the scrapping of the Fixed-term Parliaments Act, can call a general election at a time of his own choosing. But while he may not be a lame duck, he is in grave danger of becoming a sitting one as the rebels of Monday night continue to take pot shots at him in the run-up to two difficult by-elections on June 23. A handful of backbenchers - including Julian Sturdy, Andrew Bridgen and Philip Dunne - have already made statements implying that they do not accept the rule that a PM who wins a confidence vote is entitled to get on with governing the country for at least the next year without being challenged again. These MPs should be invited to issue statements confirming they will now back Mr Johnson for the next 12 months or face losing the party whip, which in turn will endanger their reselection as Tory candidates at the next election. Equally, there are one or two ministers who failed to give their explicit backing to Mr Johnson in advance of Monday's vote but still chose to stay in office.That's not viable either and at least one frontbench sacking needs to take place before the week is out. These tough measures will cause most of the plotters to cease their ongoing chorus of grumbles and complaints about the PM, giving him a chance to focus media attention on Government policy. Mr Johnson must then use that opportunity to show Tory-leaning voters that he shares their priorities - which polling shows to be the state of the economy, the immigration and asylum system, and healthcare - and knows what to do about them. On the economy, it would be a good idea to begin regular Downing Street press conferences modelled on the briefings that took place during the Covid pandemic. These should feature senior Treasury officials as well as the PM and the Chancellor and provide plenty of technical detail about the Government's strategy to help people through the cost-of-living crisis as well as policy updates. They should be timed for just before the early evening TV news bulletins, thereby feeding the media beast with breaking stories to report instead of froth about Partygate or new leadership challenges. On immigration and asylum, the PM must move heaven and earth to get his Rwanda deportation scheme under way so voters can see that real action is being taken to stop irregular migrants from riding roughshod over our system. And on healthcare, Mr Johnson must show voters how the extra billions being raised for the NHS and the social care system are helping to improve standards and restore lost capacity after the strains of the pandemic. The Prime Minister should also immediately get on to the front foot against Sir Keir Starmer, highlighting the Labour leader's dodgy and dishonest record on Brexit, including the secret talks he held with Brussels bully boy Michel Barnier and his attempt to overturn the referendum result after promising to uphold it. Just this week, Sir Keir said that he will negotiate a "better" Brexit deal if he becomes PM. That could well be code for seeking to drag Britain back into the EU single market or customs union, effectively turning us into a vassal state taking orders from the European Commission. Voters, especially in the Red Wall of pro-Brexit seats that turned Tory last time, need to hear about this and other ludicrous positions taken by Starmer. They include his idea that biological males who identify as female should be allowed into women's changing rooms and sporting competitions. Labour is ripe for attacking by Mr Johnson at his ebullient best, but it has had a free ride for far too long because the Prime Minister has had to put so much effort into just keeping his head above water. Despite needing to duff up Starmer and the leaders of the other Left-wing parties in the Commons chamber, Johnson should not raise unrealistic expectations about any early improvement in the Government's popularity. The Tories are only a few points behind Labour in the polls but are going through a difficult mid-term. It can be turned around with an injection of self-discipline and hard work from MPs and ministers - and from their Prime Minister. But it is going to take time - time that the PM earned in his victory on Monday.