Ryan Peniston has shared his Wimbledon “dream” ahead of his main draw debut next week, though the Brit may need to wait to fulfil it. The world No 147 has enjoyed a breakout grass-court season, reaching the quarter-finals in his first two tour events back-to-back in Queen’s and Eastbourne, and will be taking his momentum to the All England Club. Ahead of the Wimbledon draw, Peniston revealed that he wanted to face none other than 22-time Grand Slam champion Rafael Nadal in the first round, despite the tough task it would prove. The 26-year-old has instead drawn world No 95 Henri Laaksonen in a more generous draw for his debut at SW19 next week. The Essex local was announced as the recipient of a Wimbledon wildcard last week while on court at Queen’s for his first-ever tour-level match, where he upset world No 5 and recent French Open finalist Casper Ruud. Peniston then went on to make the quarter-finals in west London before receiving an Eastbourne wildcard and making the quarters again, losing to compatriot Jack Draper. His focus was already firmly on Wimbledon after his exit on the South Coast, and he shared his “dream draw” on Thursday evening, before learning his fate. “I think it's got to be Rafa,” he admitted. “He's been one of my idols since I was a young kid so to play him on Centre Court would be outrageous.” JUST IN: Raducanu told three things to do to stun Swiatek and win Wimbledon   Unfortunately for Peniston, he has been drawn in the top half with Nadal in the bottom half so his only chance at a Centre Court meeting with the Spaniard would come in the final, but the 26-year-old was excited for his first Wimbledon no matter what. “I can't really explain. I'm so, so excited. So pumped to play there,” he smiled. The breakout British star had plenty of memories from attending the tournament as a child and had even seen his idol Nadal playing at SW19. He continued: “I have been there loads. I literally went five, six years in a row when I was a kid and just love the atmosphere there. I think it's a lot of kids' dreams to play there. It was mine. It is mine for sure. Definitely looking forward to it.” DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios has ideal Wimbledon draw to scupper Rafael Nadal's hopeNadal's route to Wimbledon glory as Berrettini could end Calendar SlamMurray told he has zero pressure at Wimbledon as first opponent named  And touching on watching the top players, he added: “I have seen all of them play there. Yes, I have seen all of them. So yes, it is going to be cool to be one of those guys playing there.” Peniston has also received a doubles wildcard alongside Alastair Gray and was also looking forward to the men’s doubles event at the All England Club. “I haven't played loads of doubles, but me and Al have played some in the last few months, so we make a good team I think, and really looking forward to that as well because doubles is a lot of fun out on the court, especially at Wimbledon,” he said. 