Tottenham are reportedly keen to sign Everton forward Richarlison this summer but have had an initial bid for the ace turned down by the Merseysiders. Spurs were willing to offer the Toffees around £20million plus Steven Bergwijn in exchange for the Brazil international. But they will now need to return to the negotiation table with another proposal if they are to turn the heads of Everton chiefs. And Express Sport takes a look at four Tottenham players the Toffees may accept as part of a swap deal. Lucas Moura According to The Telegraph, Tottenham were willing to offer Lucas Moura to Everton as part of their package for Richarlison. And if Spurs put forward an improved offer that includes the Brazilian, Everton could have a big decision to make. Moura has played over 200 games for Tottenham and over 200 games for Paris Saint-Germain as well as winning 35 caps for his country. And his hat-trick in Spurs’ 2018/19 Champions League semi-final against Ajax made the difference as his side progressed to the final. So the 29-year-old has shown he is a man who can perform on the big occasions. And that attribute could come in handy for Everton. Harry Winks Harry Winks is another player who Spurs were apparently willing to use as a pawn in negotiations, although Everton boss Frank Lampard supposedly dismissed the idea. The midfielder has played 202 times for the north Londoners and has also won 10 England caps. So he is clearly a big talent. JUST IN: Man Utd 'agree fee' with Barcelona as De Jong transfer moves closer   Spurs need to convince Lampard that he’s wrong about Winks and that the player could in fact do a job at Goodison Park. And if the legendary Chelsea midfielder changes his mind about the 26-year-old, a part-exchange could be on the cards. Davinson Sanchez If Lampard refuses to budge, Spurs may have to up the ante and offer the Toffees a star player who could help transform them. And Davinson Sanchez could be the perfect man. The 26-year-old is a top Premier League defender on his day but has struggled to hold down a regular first-team place since Antonio Conte took charge in north London. DON'T MISS Chelsea handed major boost in pursuit of Dembele after Barcelona talks Man Utd handed De Jong boost as Barcelona 'close deal' for replacement Newcastle 'hold Raphinha transfer talks' complicating multiple moves     The Colombia international could face the prospect of warming the bench next season if the likes of Eric Dier, Ben Davies and Cristian Romero are preferred once again. So the ace could try to persuade club chiefs to include him in a deal. And because of his high value, Spurs wouldn’t then need to offer the Toffees much cash to get their hands on Richarlison. Joe Rodon If the prospect of losing Sanchez sends shivers down the spine of Spurs chiefs, they could instead offer Everton Joe Rodon. The 24-year-old has only played 24 times for Tottenham but impressed for Swansea in the Championship. And he could be a useful squad player for Lampard. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 