Britney Spears, 40, showcased her stunning bikini figure in her latest Instagram snap. The singer looked amazing in the tiny blue print bikini as she posed resting on her knees on a Mexican beach. She left her taut stomach on full display, while she covered her face with large black shades. Britney had sand on her stomach and hands as she smiled for her latest snap. She captioned the post in view of her 41.2 million Instagram followers: "MEXICO!!" Britney also included several Mexican flag emojis, but this didn't stop fans taking to the comments to express their concerns as the star continues to post the same pictures, instead of new images. A few people even suggested that she is no longer in control of her own account and someone else is scrolling through her old posts and reusing them. Santa.spears said: "Always old things :( I love her, but I stopped believing she is in control of her instagram since march. I don't think she’s 100% free. "But this topic is too unpopular to be addressed." (sic) Akioharada2 added: "people wake up. Britney is not free. They are always posting the same stuff because they no longer have content about her anymore. "Unfortunately she is still a prisoner and surrounded by conspiracy people. Wake up and be resented. "BRITNEY IS NOT FREE AND EVERYTHING THAT LAST POSTED GIVES THE CONFIRMATION !!!! #freebritney #whereisbrirney." (sic) In November last year, after a highly-publicised legal battle, Britney was given back control over her finances, and medical and personal decisions with the termination of her 13-year-long conservatorship. She received an outpouring of support from her die-hard fans who helped start the #FreeBritney movement, which is thought to have helped free the star from her father Jamie Spears. Many fans did take to the comments however to compliment the singer on her stunning figure. Bibi_moon3 said: "It's Britney beach!" Brad_c2012 added: "I just love your smile these are your true smile showing peace and happiness this is the smile I love…" (sic)