The Duchess of Cambridge paid a low-key visit to Evelina London Children’s Hospital during the extended bank holiday weekend during which the country and the Royal Family came together to celebrate the Queen's record-breaking reign. Kate's visit came to light on June 4 after the hospital's Twitter account shared pictures of the leading royal meeting young patients and their close family members. Today, the hospital shared further details from the royal visit, sparking major praises for the Duchess. The Evelina London's tweet shared on June 15 read: "Our Royal Patron, HRH The Duchess of Cambridge, made a surprise visit to Evelina London over the bank holiday weekend. "During the visit, The Duchess met with those unable to join in with celebrations to mark the Platinum Jubilee for Her Majesty The Queen." The post was accompanied by two pictures - one including beautiful artworks made by the young patients at the hospital and a second showing Kate posing next to Dr Moein Mobini, a clinical fellow in general paediatrics at Evelina London. In the snap, the Duchess donned a red dress with short sleeves. Donning a face mask, Kate accessorised her look only by wearing a thin necklace with a tiny pendant. Royal fans were quick to react to the tweet, with one Twitter user, Rhyo_zhen1251, praising Kate saying: "She's amazing." Another Twitter account, The BRF, commented on the post saying: "What a lovely surprise". READ MORE: Prince Harry mocked by Montecito author after trip to UK with Meghan Twitter user Penelope wrote: "Lovely moment!!!" And a fan account of Kate and Prince William, called The Cambridges, wrote: "Such a lovely thing to do for everyone Her Royal Highness met to treasure forever. She is just the best." The hospital's website spoke further about Kate's surprise engagement, which was described as a private visit. While at Evelina London, the Duchess visited the paediatric intensive care unit (PICU) and Sky cardiology ward. Janet Powell, Director of Nursing, described just how "delighted" staff, patients and parents of the youngsters were to be able to meet Kate. She said: "We were thrilled to welcome Her Royal Highness to the children’s hospital. "Our colleagues, children and families, were so delighted to meet The Duchess and mark The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. "Our play specialists with the children had been working hard in the run up to the celebrations to decorate all our wards, and our teams loved showing The Duchess the artwork, bunting and displays." Kate became the patron of Evelina London on December 11 2018, ahead of the hospital's 150th anniversary. The Duchess had visited the hospital 10 months prior to launch the Nursing Now campaign, an initiative aiming to raise the status and profile of nursing. During the Jubilee weekend, Kate played a prominent role by taking part in several events. On June 2, she led the carriage procession as she sat in the first carriage leading up to Horse Guards parade alongside Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. As a working member of the Firm, she stepped onto the balcony of Buckingham Palace alongside the Queen to watch the RAF flypast. On June 3, she attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral and the following lunch at Guildhall. On the following day, she headed to Cardiff Castle with William, George and Charlotte to celebrate the Jubilee with locals, before returning to central London for the Party at the Palace concert. And after watching the Platinum Jubilee pageant from the royal box on the last day of the Jubilee weekend, Kate and her family joined the Queen, Prince Charles and Camilla for a final balcony appearance, with which the sovereign showcased the future of the monarchy.