 The latest data from RAC Fuel Watch shows that the price of unleaded petrol has risen to 191.05p per litre, although this price “should fall”. Diesel drivers are facing costs of 198.94p per litre, as experts fear the £2 litre is a matter of days away.  With petrol and diesel prices already 27 percent higher than the start of the year, many are arguing that there has never been a better time for drivers to switch to electric. Most providers offer drivers the chance to charge their electric cars at off peak times using specific electricity tariffs. This allows them to charge for a certain amount of hours each day, often overnight, at a much lower cost than the standard rate of electricity. Rates can be as low as 7.5 pence per kWh with the Octopus Intelligent tariff compared to the Ofgem energy price cap of 28 pence per kWh. READ MORE: Many electric car drivers 'confused' days before new charging rules  At 7.5 pence per kWh, it means that a typical UK driver’s annual mileage of 6800 miles in an average EV could cost just £127.50 – less than £11 per month. Even for drivers who have a higher annual mileage, they could save money. According to Ohme, those who drive 10,000 miles a year and can charge their car at 7.5p per kWh, will pay £187.50, which comes to just over £15.60 per month. David Watson, CEO of Ohme, highlighted the difference in prices between EV charging and those filling up at the fuel pumps. DON'T MISSThe ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of new law tomorrow which may see them jailed for life [SHOCKING]Motorists warned that show of 'thanks' when driving can see £1k fine [WARNING]  He said: “Ohme’s smart chargers can connect with the National Grid in real time and automatically adjust their charging for drivers to take advantage of all the times of low price charging with smart electricity tariffs. “The result is that EV drivers can potentially run their car for less than £130 a year by smart charging their EV with an Ohme charger. “For some petrol or diesel cars that could be what some drivers are paying for a single tank of fuel, but here it’s for a full year of EV driving.” Ohme’s Home Pro charger can adjust the charging times according to the tariff without needing to be pre-set for certain hours.  Drivers also have the option to charge their car when renewable energy generation on the National Grid is at its highest. New regulations are set to be introduced within a matter of days, with all EV chargepoints required to be equipped with smart charging technology. This means they must have a data connection with the ability to measure, record and transmit usage as well as delayed charging. Most new chargepoints will come pre-configured to avoid peak charging hours, generally between 8am and 11am and 4p and 10pm on weekdays.  These new regulations are set to be introduced on Thursday, June 30. It is hoped the measures will help drivers get the best prices when charging. Since the launch of the RAC’s new Charge Watch tracker, battery electric prices from both rapid and ultra-rapid chargers have remained the same when comparing the cost per mile. For diesel drivers, they face costs of 21p per mile, with petrol slightly cheaper at 19p per mile. When charging the car via a rapid charger, drivers pay around 10p per mile and 12p per mile with an ultra-rapid charger.