Reacting to Boris Johnson's assertion that UK is better off together, Ian Blackford lashed out during PMQs: "Stronger together, has the Prime Minister seen the pound fall in the financial markets giving us a judgment on this, Prime Minister? "The Prime Minister can afford to live in his own little world, his own little Britain. But people have to live with the reality of a failing Westminster system. "Our cost-of-living crisis worsened the UK more than any other G7 countries. And inflation rate doubled that of France - the second worse economic growth forecast in the G20 next to always-sanctioned Russia.  "And now on the thread of a trade war with our European friends triggered by a law-breaking Prime Minister." Mr Blackford continued: "It's not a vision for the future of Scotland. Our nation is big enough, rich enough, smart enough. Isn't that the case, Prime Minister, that Scotland simply can't afford to remain trapped in the failing Westminster system? "Mr Speaker, Scotland wants to get on." Boris Johnson retorted: "Mr Speaker, I think that the figures speak for themselves. The UK has a record number of people in payroll employment. That is an outstanding thing when you consider where we were during the pandemic. "That was because of the UK working well together. You will remember with the vaccine rollout with the testing which Scotland and the rest of the country cooperated brilliantly.  Mr Johnson added: "And Mr Speaker, he talks about a trade war. He talks about a trade war. What can be more foolish, Mr Speaker, than a project that actually envisages trade barriers within parts of the United Kingdom? That's what we're trying to break down." Mr Blackford's criticism comes a day after Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon laid out her plan to legally hold a second referendum on Scotland's independence. At Tuesday's press conference announcing a second vote, Ms Sturgeon threatened with exploring other legal avenues than section 30 of the Scotland Act to achieve her long-held dream of holding a referendum. With a section 30 order, Ms Sturgeon could transfer some powers usually held by Westminster to Scotland's Hollyrood and move ahead with a legal referendum. READ MORE: SNP's Blackford humiliated as Johnson dismantles referendum bid  However, she has faced resistance from both former Prime Minister Theresa May in 2017 and from Boris Johnson on Tuesday - only a few minutes after the First Minister launched a fresh drive to hold a second vote. The Prime Minister’s spokesman said "now is not the time" for another campaign to remove Scotland from the United Kingdom. DON'T MISS:NHS red tape more catching than Covid, blasts JAMES WHALE [REPORT]Andrew Neil mocks SNP over pathetic response to Rishi Sunak [REPORT]Blackford urges Tory MPs to get rid of Boris 'Displayed contempt!' [REPORT]  