Joe Rogan has admitted he “doesn’t know what would happen” if Mike Tyson and Jake Paul squared off in the ring but believes Jake would be the better option over his brother Logan, as rumours circulate about one of the Paul brothers fighting Tyson. Talk about the fight began to hit the press when Jake told talkSport that a bout with Tyson is the number one fight on his bucket list, and now Rogan has weighed in on the contest. “The best example is Tyson. 55-years-old and they’re still talking about him fighting either Logan or Jake. Like, that is crazy,” Rogan said during an episode of his Joe Rogan Experience podcast. “And I don’t know what would happen [if the fight got made]. “The better one is Jake,” he noted. “Jake is the one that knocks people out. Logan is more of a boxer. I can’t believe that would happen.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Hearn makes bold Joshua vs Usyk rematch prediction Fury sends latest retirement message after Arum's Joshua claim Wilder fires shot at Fury with comment on state of boxing Iron Mike returned to the ring in 2020 after 15 years away from the sport to face former multi-weight world champion Roy Jones Jr in an exhibition bout at the Staple Centre in Los Angeles, California. The contest ended in a draw and post-fight Tyson confirmed that he would fight again in the near future. “I’m just happy I got this under my belt, and I will continue to go further and do more,” said Tyson. Tyson reportedly made around £7.5m for his bout with Jones Jr and when asked previously about how much it would take to get him to fight Jake, the 55-year-old said during an episode of his podcast that he would need a purse of “a billion bucks." However, the former world heavyweight champion seems to be interested in genuinely talking with Jake’s team, revealing during a conversation on Bill Maher’s podcast last month that he was planning on getting the ball rolling with negotiations. Tyson said: "I’m going to call him sometime on Friday and we’re going to talk." When asked if he would accept the fight, he replied: "Absolutely." Jake, who is currently 5-0 as a professional with recent knockout victories over former UFC stars Tyron Woodley and Ben Askren has confirmed he will return to the ring on August 13. Besides Tyson, ‘The Problem Child’ has made it clear he plans to face either Floyd Mayweather, Oscar De La Hoya, Anderson Silva, or Tommy Fury in his next fight.