Broadcaster Piers Morgan, 57, was described by a member of his team who'd reached out to Jack Monroe as a "huge fan" of her work - but she claims that Piers had hit the block button on her on Twitter years ago, ironically telling her she was banned from his show for life. The activist, who has racked up more than half a million followers, was skeptical about the new approach - and she took to social media to tell the world that the man known for campaigning against cancel culture had tried to cancel her. She published a letter apparently sent by Piers' team to her - alongside the notification that she had been blocked - and wrote sarcastically: "He's a huge fan". Jack added a smirking emoji to punctuate her feelings. The letter she had received asked her: "Are you interested in coming onto Piers Morgan's new show Piers Morgan Uncensored soon?" It continued: "The show is really keen to cover the cost of living crisis - of course." READ NOW: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot Jack writes in her Twitter profile that she has been a past user of food banks and is now an activist campaigning to end poverty, so concerns around rapidly accelerating costs for British people is her area of expertise. Piers' rep then added: "Also bring your recipes and approach to our global audience. "Piers would love to have you. He's a huge fan - as is the team." However, when she clicked through to Piers' Twitter page, she received a message telling her in no uncertain terms that she wasn't welcome to interact with him. The notification told her: "You are blocked from following @piersmorgan and viewing @piersmorgan's tweets. When she uploaded the screenshot onto her own page, it quickly gained more than 26,000 likes. She wrote underneath her post: "Seeing as people are tagging him so he’s likely to see this now, I just want to provide some context. Piers blocked me because I said f*** (or something like it, it was about 7 years ago!) in a robust conversation. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [LATEST] Kate Garraway puts on brave face after heartbreaking Derek update [UPDATE] ‘Can’t stand the injustice’ Laurence Fox hits back over cancel cultur [DEBATE]  "He called me foul mouthed and unladylike, and blocked me." Jack sensationally insisted that the man who tirelessly campaigns against cancel culture had in fact cancelled her. "It didn’t end there, though. He went into a massive, disproportionate tantrum saying I was ‘barred from his show for life’," she continued. "He was presenting GMB at the time, and lo and behold, every time their producers called to book me, I’d be mysteriously cancelled for no reason. For years.  "In the end I asked [bosses] to stop calling me til he’d gone. They would laugh nervously and say ‘he’s never going to leave this job…’," she explained. "WELL. It turns out I’ve sat on the GMB sofa more times than Piers has in the last year or so, so who’s f***ing laughing now?! "That old saying about being careful who you trample on to get to the top? Inject it into my uncouth, foul-mouthed, non-binary, utterly unladylike heavily tattooed VEINS." Piers has since written back to let Jack know she has been unblocked. "Hi Jack, I can't remember why I blocked you, but I doubt it was just because you're unladylike," he retorted. Then, in a sarcastic twist, he added: "Given you've spent all morning whining about it, I'll unblock you to ease your torment. Love Piers x."