 "We don’t value sleep," she wrote in her newsletter On the JLo. "We value grinding and working hard — and admittedly, nobody gets caught up in that rat race more than me. “I've found, however, that sleep to me is the most underrated beauty secret out there.” “There was a time in my life where I used to sleep 3 to 5 hours a night," explained Lopez.   “I found myself feeling physically paralyzed, I couldn't see clearly, and then the physical symptoms I was having started to scare me, and the fear compounded itself." Her doctor confirmed the panic attacks were sleep-related. In research studies, sleep has been found to be a natural anxiety reliever. A 2019 study by the author of the bestseller Why We Sleep found that sleepless nights raised anxiety levels by 30 percent, based on looking at an MRI scanner and polysomnography, which records data about your sleeping patterns. J.Lo recounted her doctor’s advice: “I asked the doctor if I was going crazy. He said, 'No, you're not crazy. You need sleep ... get 7 to 9 hours of sleep per night, don't drink caffeine, and make sure you get your workouts in if you're going to do this much work.'” It was this panic attack that prompted J.Lo to focus on her wellbeing and become the positive, energy-rich star recognisable today. Many people will experience a few panic attacks in their lives alongside stressful situations. But they often stop when the stress ends. However, having multiple panic attacks, and fearing having more of them, in the long run, might be a sign of a condition called panic disorder, according to Mayo Clinic.  The NHS explains: “Most panic attacks last between 5 and 20 minutes. Some have been reported to last up to an hour.” Symptoms other than feeling immobile, include dizziness, a choking sensation, hot flushes, nausea, sweating, chills, numbness, the health body adds. Treatment for panic attacks often involves talk therapies, such as cognitive behavioural therapy. Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) works to understand the beliefs, ideas, and behaviours triggering the panic attacks and change them. 