Meghan and Harry, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, reunited with members of the Royal Family during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this month. The Sussexes took part in their first official engagement together since they stepped down as working royals two years ago. Meghan and Harry joined the Royal Family in attending the thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral to honour Her Majesty’s 70-year reign. They were entitled to attend as it was deemed a family occasion but kept a low profile during the other public celebrations. Former magazine editor Irene Keene, travelled from the US to the UK for the Jubilee and spoke of the hope America had for  fraternal reconnection. Ms Keene told Express.co.uk that she hoped the “seeds were planted” for reconciliation between Prince Harry, Meghan, and various Royal Family members. She said: “At the end of the day family – biological or otherwise – is everything, regardless of who one is.” She added that although she couldn’t speak on the views of all Americans, “I don’t think I’m alone in thinking that it would be a shame if Prince Harry and Prince William don’t mend fences”. She continued: “With the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in London for the Jubilee, I hope seeds were planted for a reconciliation, not just between the brothers, but between Meghan and other family members as well.” As a result, Express.co.uk ran a set of polls from 11am on Wednesday, June 15, to 1pm on Friday, June 17, to ask readers if Meghan and Harry should push for reconciliation and whether they should be “cut off” if they discuss family moments from Jubilee. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation?” A total of 5,743 people cast their votes and the overwhelming majority – 85 percent (4,885 people) – answered “no”, the Sussexes should not push for reconciliation. Meanwhile, eight percent (445 people) said “yes”, they should and just three percent said they did not know either way. In addition, four percent (264 people) entered other answers in response. Then, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry be ‘cut off’ from the Royal Family if they discuss family moments from Jubilee?” Overall, 5,739 people responded to this question with the dominant response – 95 percent (5,443 people) – being “yes”, they should be “cut off” if they discuss family moments from the Jubilee. Just four percent (228 people) said “no” while one percent (68 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their views on Meghan and Harry’s relationship with the Royal Family. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton stuns in polka dot outfit for first appearance at Ascot [LATEST]Norway's Royal Family release stunning new portraits of future Queen [UPDATE]Queen's further nod of approval to Camilla plan with 'rare' honour [INSIGHT] Username USALady wrote: “The Royal Family would be foolish to reconcile.” Another, username Elamy, wrote: “I don't think there will be a reconciliation, too much water under the bridge.” And ShazzaBee said: “Once trust is broken, relationships even if mended will never ever be the same again.” Others agreed that Meghan and Harry needed to be the ones to make the first move towards reconciliation. Username Tavy said: “Meghan and Harry must make the first move toward reconciliation.” And username Debby Fry said: “Meghan and Harry started all of this…SO they apologise FIRST then work from there.”