Johnny Depp has said he feels “at peace” after a jury determined the actor had won the defamation trial against his ex-wife Amber Heard. The Pirates of the Caribbean star said he was “truly humbled”. In a statement, Mr Depp’s spokesperson said: “Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed.” “All in the blink of an eye. “False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. "It had already travelled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career. READ MORE: Johnny Depp performs John Lennon song in surprise appearance – WATCH “And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled. “My decision to pursue this case, knowing very well the height of the legal hurdles that I would be facing and the inevitable, worldwide spectacle into my life, was only made after considerable thought. “From the very beginning, the goal of bringing this case was to reveal the truth, regardless of the outcome. "Speaking the truth was something that I owed to my children and to all those who have remained steadfast in their support of me. "I feel at peace knowing I have finally accomplished that. “I am, and have been, overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world. "I hope that my quest to have the truth be told will have helped others, men or women, who have found themselves in my situation, and that those supporting them never give up. DON'T MISSJennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikini [INSIGHT]Rolling Stones' Ronnie Wood marks 75th birthday with sweet family snap [REVEAL]Maisie Williams flashes flesh while playing punk icon Jordan in Pistol [PICTURES] "I also hope that the position will now return to innocent until proven guilty, both within the courts and in the media. “I wish to acknowledge the noble work of the Judge, the jurors, the court staff and the Sheriffs who have sacrificed their own time to get to this point, and to my diligent and unwavering legal team who did an extraordinary job in helping me to share the truth. “The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. Veritas numquam perit. “Truth never perishes." Amber Heard similarly released her own statement following the verdict. The actress said she is “disappointed with what this verdict means for other women”. She said: "The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. I’m heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband. “I’m sad I lost this case. But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American – to speak freely and openly." 