Britney Spears’, 40, ex-husband, Jason Alexander, has been charged with felony stalking at a court hearing in Ventura County, California on Monday. It came after he crashed the Toxic singer's wedding to Sam Asghari at her Los Angeles home.  Jason, 40, pleaded not guilty to the charge as well as four misdemeanours in court.  He faced two counts of misdemeanour battery, one count of misdemeanour vandalism, and one count of misdemeanour trespassing after the incident.  Britney’s former husband was arrested by officers from the Ventura County Sheriff’s office and taken to a local jail.  The judge set his bail at 100,000 dollars and also issued a restraining order. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit The order requires that he stay at least 100 yards from the pop singer for three years. He attended the hearing virtually via video link. Shortly before his arrest, Jason posted an Instagram Live story from outside Britney's home, in which he said he was there to “crash” the wedding. Before being caught by security, Jason started a video broadcast from the marquee, where Britney and Sam later got hitched.  Jason was the singer’s first husband after getting married in 2004.  The former couple, who had been childhood friends, got married in a Las Vegas ceremony at the famous Little White Wedding Chapel.  The duo were married for less than three days before their union was annulled.  Britney married Sam, 28, in an intimate wedding ceremony held at their LA mansion on Thursday. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] The occasion was attended by only 60 of the couple’s closest friends. Some famous faces included Madonna, Paris Hilton and Donatella Versace, who designed the bride’s wedding gown. Britney’s mum, dad and sister - whom she had a publicised falling out with over conservatorship issues - did not attend her wedding. Her two children, Jayden James and Sean Preston, were not present either. She shares her children with second husband Kevin Federline, who also did not attend, but sent his best wishes. Britney posted on Instagram on the day of the wedding, describing the event as “the most spectacular day”. She told fans: “I was so nervous all morning but then at 2:00 pm it really hit me… WE’RE GETTING MARRIED!!!