The first Scottish independence referendum in 2014 was billed as a once-in-a-generation vote on the future of the UK. But SNP leaders are determined to have another go and this week revealed ambitions to send voters to polls again. Nicola Sturgeon set out her case for a second Scottish independence referendum in a plan called: Independence in the modern world. Wealthier, happier, fairer: why not Scotland? The plan states that there is a ‘clear majority’ of Members of Scottish Parliament who are in favour of independence. And the document claims “countries of a similar size are achieving better outcomes than Scotland” while it is part of the UK. But what do Scottish voters make of it? READ MORE: Coveney caves as he admits UK's Brexit checking proposal 'workable' Ms Sturgeon is likely to de disappointed all over again, as new data from YouGov shows the majority of Scots still want to remain part of the UK. In fact, the vote would go exactly the same way as in 2014 if a Scottish independence referendum were held today with 55 percent voting against and 45 percent in favour. The data also showed most Scots do not want another independence referendum this year. 71 percent said there should not be another IndyRef in 2022, and 59 percent said there should not be one in 2023 either. However, there was a small majority who felt there should be an independence referendum in the next five years with 42 percent in favour compared to 41 percent against. The figures cast doubt over the SNP’s claims that Brexit and the pandemic have altered Scottish voters’ views on becoming independent. In an announcement yesterday the Scottish First Minister said: “The principles of democracy and the rule of law are fundamental. “They should unite all of us, regardless of our politics. Indeed, democracy within the rule of law is how differences of political or constitutional opinion should always be resolved.” The campaign for Scottish independence in 2014 divided Scottish voters over a number of issues. There were concerns over whether the Pound would continue to be used and how a Scotland-England border would work if one country was in the EU. DON'T MISS:Brexit: Remoaners humiliated as UK exports to EU hit record high [ANALYSIS]‘Toothless’ Govt blasted over failure to implement Rwanda policy [REACTION]Putin's panic as terrifying new Panther tank unleashed [INSIGHT]  On funding, Scotland receives a significant amount of money from the UK Government and this could impact living standards in the event of independence. Government figures show the Scottish Government received £126 per person of funding for every £100 per person of equivalent UK Government spending in England and Wales. The Scottish Government’s plan for independence states that leaving the UK will help build a wealthier and happier Scotland. It claims voting for independence would return powers from Westminster back to Scotland in key areas such as foreign affairs and international trade. Powers which are currently devolved to the Scottish Parliament right now include the economy, education, health, justice and more. The Scottish Parliament also holds the ability to set income tax rates in Scotland.