That way, Ukraine’s plight is clear for all to see. Without Western diplomatic, economic, military and informational support, Ukraine will lose. Under constant bombardment, it is now losing 200 troops a day. There is more than one war going on: there’s the war between Ukraine and Russia, physical and informational, and there’s the diplomatic, informational, and economic war between Russia and NATO, the EU and its allies. Russia might win the hot war against Ukraine but still lose the proxy war against NATO and its allies. Or it could lose both. It is less likely to win both. Given Western oil and gas embargoes, and other economic sanctions, Russia will want the war over before Christmas because it’s going to be flat broke after that. Russia is simultaneously trying to diversify its oil and gas exports, as a large portion of its federal budget derives from it. That’s why the Kremlin is pounding targets in the Donbas with artillery before sending in the tanks, as opposed to encircling Kyiv, at which it failed dismally. This Russian strategy shift is designed to quell Russia's body count since it has lost more soldiers in three months in Ukraine than it lost in the entire 11 years of the 1979-1990 Afghan war. The UK MOD estimates Russia has lost one third of its ground invasion force - a phenomenal failure by anyone’s standards. In the meantime, Ukraine needs - and has been promised - long-range weapon systems to respond to the onslaught from Russian artillery. Without these, Russia will secure a land bridge from Donbas to the Crimea. The West is concerned that providing Ukraine with long-range artillery might escalate the war, so it has extracted promises from Ukraine not to use them inside Russian territory, despite the fact that targeting supply lines in Russian territory is perfectly legitimate for a defending country.   The unwritten ‘rules’ of war rear up here. Determining what they are is a guessing game on all sides. Sometimes there are supposed ‘red lines’. This can lead to bluff and counter-bluff. Witness Putin’s nuclear sabre rattling in the early days of the war, especially when Poland threatened to send its fleet of MIGs over to Ukraine. One histrionic pro-Russian TV anchor, Vladimir Solovyov, threatened that Britain would be nuked for its support for Ukraine. War is never purely physical. As Carl von Clausewitz, the Prussian general, said, it is “a mere continuation of policy by other means”. For an aggressor like Russia, war is an attempt to influence through intimidation whilst trying to maintain the morale of one’s own troops. The threat of using greater force can be as important as the actual force used. For Ukraine to win, they need to continue to inspire heroic resistance in the Ukrainian people to counter these threats, real and imagined. The recent Brave.ua campaign attempts to harness the perception of Ukrainian courage to bring in donations and support for Ukraine from around the world. But Ukraine also needs to take the information battle into the minds of Russians, by shining a light on what the Kremlin is doing in their name and reminding them of the needless loss of young Russian lives. Few Russian mothers would knowingly sacrifice their children’s lives for one man’s dream of a resurgent Russian empire, revealed this week when Putin likened himself to Peter the Great. Perhaps Putin is cleverer than people are giving him credit. He has managed to occupy large chunks of Ukraine, even if it has been at a terrible cost. Whether he will keep hold them is a different matter. Nevertheless, he will try just as he succeeded in doing in Crimea, by holding fake referendums. The West must do everything it can to frustrate, and highlight the illegality of, these plans and do all it can to make Russia pay and be made accountable for its appalling actions.   Paul Baines is Professor of Political Marketing at the University of Leicester School of Business and co-editor of The SAGE Handbook of Propaganda (SAGE Publications, 2019). 