It has been a tough year for Johnny Depp. The iconic Edward Scissorhands actor has spent most of the last 12 months in and out of courts battling his ex-wife Amber Heard over a defamation claim - a claim he ultimately won. However, this doesn't change the fact that Depp was cast out of his billion-dollar franchise, Pirates of the Caribbean, following claims of domestic abuse. But fans of the Disney series at Disneyland Paris were just given a glimpse of what could be coming for the incredible actor. A Pirates fan at Disneyland Paris recently filmed a portion of the theme park's celebration showcase. The spectacle projected a few Disney franchises onto the iconic Disneyland castle, coupled with fireworks and water jets to celebrate the park's heritage. But during the event was a portion dedicated to the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. And after an Aztec gold coin hit the castle, Depp's face took centre stage as it lit up the entire enormous building. Fans cheered as the 59-year-old star's face appeared, but they weren't ready for what happened next. After Depp's face faded away, The Black Pearl cascaded across the castle while water was fired throughout the park. Silhouettes of Captain Jack Sparrow having a sword fight with Captain Barbossa covered the building, before more Aztec gold coins covered its edges. Fans were ecstatic to see the star back on the castle - but it does beg one big question: Is Depp back in the Disney series? There has been a lot of talk about Depp's return in recent months. Even at his trial against Heard he addressed making a comeback. READ MORE: Johnny Depp issued grave warning to actor after 'drug incident' After Depp's face faded away, The Black Pearl cascaded across the castle while water was fired throughout the park. Silhouettes of Captain Jack Sparrow having a sword fight with Captain Barbossa covered the building, before more Aztec gold coins covered its edges. Fans were ecstatic to see the star back on the castle - but it does beg one big question: Is Depp back in the Disney series? There has been a lot of talk about Depp's return in recent months. Even at his trial against Heard he addressed making a comeback.  During the trial, Depp was asked by a lawyer: "The fact is, Mr Depp, if Disney came to you with $300 million dollars and a million alpacas, nothing on this earth would get you to go back and work with Disney on a Pirates of the Caribbean film, correct?" Depp solemnly replied: "That is true, Mr Rottenborn." Despite these comments, the fans of the franchise are desperate for the actor to make a comeback. An online petition on Change.org titled "We want JOHNNY DEPP back as CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW" recently hit more than 874,000 signatures, with many fans calling for the actor to change his mind and come back. And many of his colleagues are yearning for him to be reinstated, as well. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [NEWS]Johnny Depp issued grave warning to actor after 'drug incident' [INSIGHT]'Emotional' Johnny Depp was left 'soulless' after Winona Ryder split [INFO] Kevin McNally, who played Mr Gibbs in Pirate of the Caribbean, told Express.co.uk: "I’ve never seen a hint of any dark side to Johnny. I see a great humanitarian and a beautiful human being. I don’t see any impediment for him coming back and playing Jack Sparrow. I think there was a general feeling that without Jack there is no Pirates franchise. And there’s probably a lot of truth in that." Greg Ellis from the series recently tweeted: "PLANT YOUR FLAG FOR JOHNNY DEPP." He also said: "I think for Pirates 6… in an ideal world, every character who the fans have fallen in love with will be able to come back to kind of wrap everything up.  Ultimately it comes down to screenplay and story. If Jack Sparrow isn’t a key, if not the key element, to wrapping up a multi-billion dollar franchise, is it not akin to not having Captain Kirk in [the original] Star Trek?" Meanwhile, the series' former boss has also spoken out about Depp's return. The former Disney executive claimed that Depp's return being left on the table would mean losses for the company. He said: "There is just too much potential box-office treasure for a beloved character deeply embedded in the Disney culture." (Via People) With this in mind, Disney could certainly be looking to approach the star in the near future. The Pirates of the Caribbean films are available to watch on Disney Plus now. SOURCE / SOURCE