Liverpool have reportedly accepted defeat in negotiations with Mohamed Salah and the Egyptian looks set to leave as a free agent next summer. The Reds have already lost one of their star players under Jurgen Klopp with Sadio Mane set to join Bayern Munich. Darwin Nunez has been signed as Mane's direct replacement in a deal worth up to £85million. While Mane made it clear that he wanted to leave this summer, Salah has shown an interest in staying at Anfield. But the two parties have not been able to agree on wages with negotiations over a new contract now going on for months. Salah reportedly wants a deal in the region of £400,000-a-week with Liverpool reluctant to meet those demands. Now, according to the Sunday Mirror, Liverpool don't expect any breakthrough in talks with Salah with next season set to be his last at Anfield. It is claimed that Liverpool have 'no plans' to revisit talks with Salah and give in to his wage demands. JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE: De Jong to Man Utd, Arsenal eye two more signings  Salah is already one of Liverpool's top earners at the club with wages in the region of £200,000-a-week. And Liverpool have shown no signs of being willing to break their current wage structure in place to keep Salah at the club. Salah will be 31 years of age next summer, but has shown no signs of slowing down in the latter stages of his career. The Egyptian scored an impressive 31 goals along with providing 16 assists in all competitions last season. DON'T MISS  He was also named the PFA Players' Player of the Year and FWA Footballer of the Year for the previous campaign. Liverpool have already begun reshaping their frontline in the past six months though in preparation for the potential of losing Mane and Salah in the space of a year. Luis Diaz was signed in January and proved to be a revelation from the offset as the Colombian played a huge role in helping Liverpool's charge for a quadruple. Nunez now joins after an impressive breakout season with Benfica where he scored 34 goals in all competitions. Fabio Carvalho will also be an option after his move from Fulham, although the 19-year-old will likely be one for the future.