Former BBC Breakfast star Louise Minchin, 53, is often very private about her personal life, and rarely opens up about her husband David Minchin. However, the star previously shared an insight when she spoke up about her wedding day and having to “squeeze” in guests. The couple married on June 6 1998 in a church in Hampshire. In a 2013 interview, the star explained that they could only fit in 50 people to the service, and other guests were made to sit outside. The star, who is appearing on Celebrity Catchpoint tonight, said: “We only squeezed in about 50 people. "Other guests sat outside with a picnic during the service and cheered when we came out." READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit Louise reflected on her wedding day last year during an unearthed interview with Daily Mail’s Weekend Magazine, saying: “When BBC Breakfast moved to Salford in 2012, I relocated here from London. “I moved with my husband David who’s a restaurateur (this picture’s of our wedding in a church in Hampshire in 1998), and our two daughters." The couple's wedding photo could be seen in their living room. Louise was a beautiful bride in a flowing white dress with three-quarter-length sleeves, which she matched with heels and a classic veil.  Her husband, meanwhile, was in a black suit with a white waistcoat as he held his new wife's hand above her head to celebrate their nuptials.  The newlyweds were seen emerging from the church, which had been decorated with a pink and red flower arch.  David is a restaurateur and investor who is kept out of the spotlight.  On a BBC Breakfast show prior to her exit this year, she said that their relationship had previously changed during a ski trip. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] Louise said: "I always go skiing with him and it was just like, my gosh, trying to keep up with him, you know, was really hard because he's very good, very fast, very safe. “And then there was one point in our relationship when things changed and I'd been doing a lot of spinning. “I used to do spin classes and I came down a glacier and I said, 'Oh, my gosh, where is he?' "And I was literally standing there for ages going, 'Oh, this is so bad. I've left him on the mountain'. "He goes, 'No, you're just really fast.' And that was a day that our relationship on the mountain changed." The couple share two teenage daughters, Mia and Scarlett. She told the Sunday post how they were unbothered by her fame: “I’m their mum, that’s the most important thing. I like the fact they see me as a working mum. "I have always worked since they were tiny. The fact I’m on telly is no biggie.”