Looking for the perfect Father’s Day gift? Finding the right present doesn’t have to be a time-consuming task and there are several thoughtful gifts available with fast delivery. Whether your dad likes cooking or enjoys some rum, there's plenty of options available that he'll use over and over again. Prime members can get free next and same-day delivery, while there are also click and collect options from other retailers. Hurry to order so that it arrives on his doorstep before the day. Here are the best last-minute Father's Day gifts for 2022. Perfect for the dad who loves drinking his morning coffee or tea, the Ember Mug is a thoughtful and practical gift he can use daily. This smart mug keeps your drink hot for up to 90 minutes and the temperature can be controlled via an app, making it great for working at home or in the office. Now on sale, you can get free fast delivery or free in-store collection. Buy on Currys (£59.99) This isn't your typical rum as it's made in the UK and is equally flavourful as it is sustainable with its impact. A light and refined spirit, it has a blend of four cask-aged rums from Trinidad, Jamaica, Barbados and the Dominican Republic. The founders have made many pledges to help preserve the oceans through recycling schemes and you can order it on Amazon for next day delivery. Buy on Amazon (£43) An amazing unique gift that's great for the dad who loves a barbecue, the folding portable BBQ suitcase is compact and can be easily brought around for the perfect cookout. Versatile to grill a variety of food, simply unfold the case and follow the instructions to cook. Prime members can get next day delivery. Buy on Amazon (£50.74) Dad will enjoy whipping up his favourite cocktail with this elegant cocktail set. Sleek with a gold colour, it comes with a 700ml shaker, wooden muddler, twisted bar spoon, strainer, measuring jigger, glass, bottle top pourer and is encased in a wonderful gift box. Next day delivery is available for last minute orders. Buy on VonHaus (£19.99) A treat for the foodie father, this teppenyaki grill is a great addition to any kitchen and has useful features like a large surface and nonstick coating. From cooking a fry up to a steak, it's a healthy way to cook delicious foods. Next day delivery is available. Buy on VonHaus (£34.99) Let dad reminisce on the past with this retro tabletop arcade machine where he can play some of his favourite games. There are 300 in-built super8-bit games and it's sure to put a smile on his face. Available on Prime delivery. Buy on Amazon (£24.98) If your dad loves comic book heroes, get him this elegant decanter that's inspired by Batman. He can keep his favourite beverage inside it and also display it in the house. Available on Prime delivery. Buy on Amazon (£20) While getting dad a toothbrush might not seem glamorous, it's a very practical and thoughtful gift as toothbrushes can be expensive items. Guaranteed to be used every day, the Oral-B iO6 toothbrush will thoroughly deep clean teeth and is the ultimate in maintaining dental hygiene. With expert functions and a sleek design, it's a gift he's sure to appreciate and is available on Boots with speedy delivery options. Buy on Boots (£300) Add a sentimental touch to this gift and personalise an elegant whisky glass with an appreciative message for your dad. It's a thoughtful gift that's also practical for his favourite drink and you can get it on Amazon with next day delivery. Buy on Amazon (£19) Whether you've got an active father or one who loves sport, treat him to a top-range cordless massage gun. With different heads that target different muscles and parts of the body, its easy to use on-the-go and will smooth out tight knots and pains. You can get it on Moonpig with next day delivery. Buy on Moonpig (£45)