Tottenham could end up striking a cut-price deal to land Richarlison before the start of next season as Everton will need to sell him in order to raise funds, according to former Spurs manager Harry Redknapp. The north Londoners are said to be exploring a move for Richarlison, who is believed to be keen on leaving Goodison Park in search of a new challenge this summer. It has been suggested that Tottenham could end up being forced to pay a significant fee to snap up Richarlison, with the Daily Mail having claimed that Everton are unwilling to sell their prized asset for anything less than £50million. Redknapp believes that a move could be inevitable, though, as Frank Lampard looks to boost his transfer budget in order to rebuild his playing squad on Merseyside."He [Richarlison] has got ability, there is no doubt about that," Redknapp told talkSPORT when quizzed on the possibility of the Everton forward joining Tottenham over the coming weeks. "He can drive you mad though at times when you see him diving about, and whatever he gets up to. He can certainly play, though, and scores, and he has managed to get assists. JUST IN: Nayef Aguerd 'at West Ham training ground' to seal £25m transfer "But if Frank has no money to spend, he is going to have to sell. Sometimes you have to sell your best player to try and get two or three in, he [Lampard] needs to strengthen that team."That team that Everton have got at the moment, they are going to struggle. I am desperate for them to do well, I kicked every ball with Frank this season, but I think they are going to be struggling again." Tottenham are said to be chasing the addition of a new back-up striker to support Harry Kane next season and appear to be leading the race for Richarlison, who remains tied down to Everton until the summer of 2024. However, it remains to be seen whether the Brazilian forward will be prepared to play second fiddle in north London when the new Premier League campaign gets underway in early August.Spurs are believed to have other irons in the fire, though, with Ajax winger and reported Manchester United target Antony having been linked with a move to the capital over the last few days. Antonio Conte is also said to be a keen admirer of Inter Milan striker Lautaro Martinez, who excelled under the Italian coach's guidance at the San Siro two seasons ago. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here