Suzy (played by Martelle Edinborough) has been living a double life on Emmerdale since she arrived back in March this year as she is happy in her relationship with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) but she has also been trying to get Leyla (Roxy Shahidi) to stop taking drugs. The newcomer also used to take drugs but her latest romance was a turning point for her, as well as discovering Holly Barton (Sophie Powles) was from the village and realised she had a part to play in her friend's death. Despite leaving the world of drugs and partying behind her on the ITV soap recently, it seems this could be what causes her death as fans think another newcomer will be vying for her blood. Since Suzy stopped helping Leyla get drugs, Liam Cavanagh's (Jonny McPherson) wife turned to Jai Sharma's (Chris Bisson) old drug dealer. Jason Denshaw (Parry Glasspool) has seemed pretty harmless since his arrival, simply wanting to make a transaction between himself and Leyla. However, in last week's episodes, he was eager to get Jai back on his books as a customer and offered his new client an ultimatum. He told Leyla she could continue to buy drugs from him if she helped him with Jai, or risk getting cut off completely. Lingering around the Take A Vow office, he left Suzy very suspicious as to why he was sneaking around and she decided to confront him. READ MORE: McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce "You were in here yesterday," she said to Jason in Wednesday night's episode, with the drug dealer telling Suzy he and his girlfriend were getting married. Knowing he was lying, the newcomer replied: "Well, you've come to the wrong place. So you can just leave. I know you're a dealer and we're not interested. "So get out," she demanded and as Leyla walked into the office, Jason revealed his true identity as he wanted to see what his new customer had decided to do about Jai. As the pair spoke, Suzy started to mess with her phone and it wasn't long before Jason told her to put it down as he knew she would be ringing the police. "Look, I don't know what he's asked you to do but you are so much more than this," Suzy told Leyla. "It's not what you think it is," Leyla told the newcomer, with Jason telling her: "Are you going to shut her up or am I?" "So, you're not denying anything of what I've just said?" Suzy asked the drug dealer, who told her he wasn't. The newcomer was interested in what Jason wanted from them and he explained he wanted the business to send their clients his way to get their kicks. It wasn't long before Suzy was telling him to leave and just for insurance, she played a recording she had just made of Jason admitting he was a dealer. Unfortunately for the drug dealer, his back was against the wall and he had no choice but to leave the village after Suzy stood up to him. DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] However, fans are not convinced this is the last time they will see him as they think he will return to murder Suzy in an act of revenge. Teena wrote on the social media platform: "Suzy played the dealer, she’ll be dead next #Emmerdale." Zombie 404 added: "Could this be the beginning of the end for Suzy? #Emmerdale," with Garry posting: "Suzy has a recording, oh dear #Emmerdale." If this were true, this would mean it would be the end of the line for Suzy and she would be making an exit three months after joining the show. Leyla would know it would have been Jason who killed her off but will she step forward and tell the police, leading to her admission she is a drug addict? The actress who plays Suzy, Martelle, has previously spoken about her excitement at joining the cast of the weeknight serial drama. Martelle told Express.co.uk and other media of the moment she found out she had got the part, explaining: "I literally dropped to my knees and let out a few expletives, as you do. "I was absolutely over the moon and overjoyed. What actor from Yorkshire doesn’t want to work on Emmerdale? "I think it’s one of those dream jobs. I am from Yorkshire and I live in Leeds and it’s just on my doorstep, it’s perfect! "My feet haven’t quite touched the ground yet, I’m still on this massive cloud high up in the sky, but it’s been going really, really good." "Suzy is like a whirlwind of fun, she’s very confident and runs her own business," the soap star continued to explain. "She’s confident and gregarious and fun to be around. She doesn’t take any nonsense at the same time and she likes to get what she wants. "She’s a really fun character to play so I’m looking forward to all the different stuff that’s coming up for her," she added. But could this include the character's death so soon after arriving in the village and what will this mean for the villagers left behind? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.