Manchester United reportedly have a ‘sizeable’ transfer budget at their disposal this summer. But, with Barcelona now under less financial incentive to sell Frenkie de Jong, that saga has taken a new twist. The Red Devils remain hopeful of getting a deal for the 25-year-old over the line, even though negotiations have been slow so far. Manchester United have been pursuing De Jong for weeks, now. But there’s still no agreement with Barcelona, with the Red Devils adamant they won’t be held to ransom by their La Liga counterparts despite Erik ten Hag’s determination to secure a reunion. Now, ESPN claim United have a ‘sizeable’ transfer budget at their disposal as they look to deliver Ten Hag’s main target. That bodes well when it comes to striking a deal, with the Red Devils able to secure De Jong if they meet Barcelona’s asking price. The problem now, though, is that Barcelona are under less incentive to sell than before. The club have voted to ease their financial woes by selling off the club’s retail operation and port of TV rights. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer That will free up a fee in the region of £555million, while also enabling them to register Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie - as well as pursuing a deal for Bayern Munich hitman Robert Lewandowski. Club president Joan Laporta said: “We have passed from being in a terminal condition and moved into the intensive care unit. “Activating these levers will move us out of intensive care into a ward where we can receive more treatments, and soon leave the hospital.” Laporta also said: “We want a Barca that can compete head to head with those state-owned clubs, or those clubs owned by billionaires. “We want to compete with the strength of our brand and the strength of our members. We don’t want to be held back by those who put obstacles in our way.” DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Barcelona are now set to sell 49.9 per cent of the club’s licensing and merchandising arm and p to 25 per cent of its La Liga TV revenues over the coming years to multiple partners. And the fact they’ll have more money to play with lessens their need to sell De Jong. United are eager to snap him up but, now, could face paying more money than originally intended. Barcelona have been looking for around £70million up front, as well as add-ons. But United, for their part, have only been prepared to spend £60m instead. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag has managed to convince De Jong over a move to United, believing the Netherlands international can be a key player for his Old Trafford project. And if United are able to get this deal over the line, then their patience will have been rewarded. Former United star Luke Chadwick, meanwhile, thinks his old side would be onto a winner if they’re able to land De Jong. “I definitely think the club should go for someone like De Jong. United need new options in the middle of the pitch, and he’s a hugely gifted player,” Chadwick told CaughtOffside. “We’re not privy to his situation or everything that’s being said behind closed doors, but it does seem like every Ajax player past and present is being linked with United since Ten Hag got the job. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I’m sure those Dutch players in that incredible team that Ten Hag built at Ajax would relish the opportunity to work with him again. “I’m sure someone like De Jong would at least want the opportunity to speak to the club. “He fits the profile, he’s a completely different character to Pogba in terms of how he conducts himself off the pitch. “In my eyes, looking at the player, but not knowing the entire situation, admittedly, I think United should go for him. “I think he should be considered because of what he did at Ajax under Ten Hag previously.”