Arsenal have been told by Aston Villa icon Gabby Agbonlahor to sign “perfect striker” Gabriel Jesus this summer as they “can’t rely” on Eddie Nketiah. Arsenal have been tipped to prise Jesus away from Manchester City a year before his contract expires. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is set to lose Alexandre Lacazette later this month when the France international’s contract at the Emirates Stadium runs out. Arsenal are already short of numbers up front after Arteta sanctioned Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s move to Barcelona in January. And if Nketiah signs a new contract to commit his future to the club, he will be the north Londoners’ only recognised first-team striker. Arsenal have been linked with Jesus in recent months, while the likes of Everton ace Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Real Sociedad star Alexander Isak and Napoli genius Victor Oshimen are reportedly also in the frame to land a move to the Emirates Stadium. But Agbonlahor thinks Arteta should target Jesus and also sign Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans to play behind him. “They have to get him, they have to get him, Arsenal,” the 35-year-old told talkSPORT as he discussed Jesus. “He’s the perfect striker for Arsenal. [Martin] Odegaard in behind finding his little runs that he likes to make. Then you’ve got [Bukayo] Saka on the right, [Gabriel] Martinelli on the left, [Emile] Smith Rowe available. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd target Tielemans opens door for Leicester exit  “Get Tielemans in as well in that midfield with [Thomas] Partey and Odegaard. It just looks a lot better for Arsenal doesn’t it and they just need that striker - they can’t rely on Nketiah next season. And he’s going to be hungry. He’s going to want to play football as well. The World Cup is coming up in November. He’s going to need to be playing football - and he’s guaranteed that at Arsenal.” Jesus joined the Citizens from Brazilian club Palmeiras in January 2017 and made an instant impression in the Premier League as he bagged seven goals and four assists in his first 10 top-flight games. And he was tipped to become Sergio Aguero’s natural successor as City’s main striker. DON'T MISS England player ratings vs Germany: Four players struggle in draw Arsenal star Saka offered Man City transfer advice by Theo Walcott Man City respond to Bukayo Saka Arsenal transfer rumours       But the 25-year-old, who has scored 95 goals in 236 appearances for City, was utilised as a winger for large spells of the last campaign and has refused to put pen-to-paper on a new deal in Manchester. Jesus has won 56 caps for Brazil but is not a guaranteed starter at the Etihad Stadium. And if Arteta can persuade the ace to move to north London, it could prove to be a masterstroke as Arsenal look to improve on their fifth-place Premier League finish from the last campaign.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here