Manchester United have been warned by former striker Teddy Sheringham that they could have a season of chaos under Erik ten Hag. And the ex-England international also believes the Red Devils should be wary of signing Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. “I don't know an awful lot about Ten Hag, but he's got a tough job on his hands,” Sheringham told Lord Ping. “The scale of the job at United is huge and I felt that, at this moment in time, United needed someone that knows and has experience of the Premier League, which Ten Hag doesn’t have. “He will not know all his players inside out yet. He doesn't know how fast it's going to be or the intensity of the league. It can take managers and players six months to come to terms with it. There’s a chance that United may be in limbo until the break for the World Cup as he is learning about the Premier League on the job. “United could have a season of absolute chaos again next year. The United job isn’t like any other job in football because United are not like any other club in football. This is an immense job for anyone, whatever angle you look at it from. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer   “United are at a crossroads at this particular moment. The club could slide even further. I can't stress how tough this job is, managing Manchester United right now. Everything has been sliding out of control. People say it can’t get any worse, it can get worse. If the club isn’t structured right from top to bottom and put on the right path, then United could slide even further.” De Jong played under Ten Hag for 18 months at Ajax before moving to Barcelona in 2019. The 25-year-old midfielder has gone on to play 138 times for the Catalan giants - but Sheringham doesn’t believe he’s the right fit for United. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited     “There's a massive recruitment job,” Sheringham added. “He needs to get players in with the right character and who understand the challenges of playing in the Premier League. But where is he going to find these players? “I'm seeing the rumours about Frenkie de Jong. He hasn't played in the Premier League and has been playing for Barcelona, who are expected to pretty much beat nearly every other team. Many of Barca’s domestic opponents roll over for them throughout the season. That doesn’t happen in the Premier League - every game is a battle. The pace and quality of the league could be a shock to the system for Ten Hag and a player like De Jong.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here