Gardens are in full colour at the moment, as the summer weather encourages flowers and plants to bloom. However, an expert has warned gardeners about the location of their plants, warning that “plant placement” is a crucial reason as to whether plants bloom or not. Clare Cahill, CEO and owner of A Little Bird Company, told Express.co.uk: “Who doesn’t love a garden brimming with beautiful plants and bursting wildlife? “It can be frustrating when the plants we add to our gardens don’t make the impact we hope for. “But, it could be down to your plant placement. “Not all plants play well together.” READ MORE: How to clean bathroom tile grout: Home remedies to banish mould According to the expert, some plants may find it hard to survive around sunflowers. Clare explained: “Sunflowers are easy to grow and produce seeds that birds will love. “But these cheerful-looking plants send out a toxin from their roots, leaves, stem, flowers and seeds that can make it difficult for other plants to survive nearby. “Always plant sunflowers around 12 inches away from other plants and cut down and dry the seed head to hang out for the birds.” DON'T MISS:Tomato plants: ‘Ideal’ watering method to ‘prevent root diseases’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to remove suncream clothing stains [EXPLAINER]Sarah Beeny: ‘Obvious’ way to add value to your property at low cost [EXPERT] Beans and potatoes should not be planted near sunflowers. Despite this, sunflowers can make a worthy companion for some vegetables. Lettuce, which likes shade, can particularly benefit from sunflowers as they can help to provide shade. Chives also make a good companion plant, repelling aphids that the flowers attract. READ MORE: ‘Healthier’ to avoid watering lawns in ‘prolonged’ periods of heat Rosemary, which is known for its gorgeous scent, is also a plant gardeners should be careful of. Claire said: “Rosemary is another wildlife-friendly plant that doesn’t play well with others. “It can send out a chemical that inhibits the growth of nearby cucumber plants. “Also, potatoes should never be planted near tomatoes in your kitchen garden.” Lavender is a great companion plant for rosemary as they both have similar requirements - lots of sun and weekly watering. Marigolds, thyme, oregano and strawberries will also be very happy located close to a rosemary plant. Overcrowding too many plants into beds and borders can also cause plants to die. This is because they need air circulating around them and room for them to grow. Before planting plants, it is best to research the specific care requirements of that plant as well as which other plants they may not like to be near.