There have been reports Outlander has returned to Scotland to film scenes at Lallybroch for the upcoming series. As a result, many fans of the Starz how have been questioning whether it will signal the return of Young Ian’s (played by John Bell) family, including Jenny (Laura Donnelly). Sadly, it seems fans think Jenny will be killed off-screen as the actress has previously stated it’s unlikely she will return. Jenny was last seen in season three when Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) travelled back to the 18th Century to reunite with Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan). She was initially sceptical about Claire’s return, given that she disappeared for 20 years after the Battle of Culloden. However, she eventually relaxed when Claire and Jamie chased after pirates who took Young Ian captive. Fans have been keen to see Jenny appear in Outlander again but Laura has explained her busy schedule has stopped her. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty slams Matt Tebbutt for giving BBC co-star ‘a hard time’ Speaking in 2021 to Syfy, Laura said: “It does take up so much of my time. And it’s so all-consuming. “The fact that I have two little kids and I love doing theatre all come before another screen job will. “I don’t want to get anybody’s hopes up.” As a result, fans are fearful it will lead to Jenny being written out of Outlander. Reddit user 2003CDiana posted: “Do you think they will recast Jenny? I can’t imagine another actress other than Laura Donnelly playing this role.” They suggested: “Maybe they will change the plot like they did with Phaedra and Ulysses when Natalie Simpson had scheduling conflict? “I can understand why actors who are not show regulars would take other jobs, they have bills to pay after all. Also the shows never guarantee a call back because I guess they also don’t know how many seasons will be picked.” DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Sam Heughan pays tribute to ‘fantastic’ co-star [INSIGHT]Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [EXPLAINER]Why was season 6 of Outlander so short? [UPDATE] Fan StartFleetDropOut6 replied: “I think they'll write the character out rather than bothering to recast. That's sort of what they've already done.” Qeroboh added: “Probably. But I hope they just change the plot to Jenny dying instead of Ian. It would be fun to have him at the ridge and I’m still salty at Jenny after Voyager lol.” (sic) Emmagrace2000 shared: “I get it, but there’s just no way they can actually kill Jenny instead. They can cut the storyline altogether, but they can’t do that, IMO.” Blues_Blanket continued: “Great for her but disappointing for me! She is so good as Jenny. That said, her storyline really isn't necessary to move Jamie and Claire's story forward, imo.” Details of season seven have been kept tightly under wraps but showrunner Maril Davis has hinted new characters will be introduced. “Certainly in season seven there are a bunch more characters that [Diana Gabadlon] introduces, that you spend more time with,” she told Parade. “But, for me, I always feel even when you are spending time with the other characters, I think of Jamie and Claire as the centre of a wheel and everyone else’s stories are the spokes, so everything that happens somehow comes back to Jamie and Claire.” Outlander seasons 1-6 is available to stream on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.