His attempt to sneak into the festival involved dressing as a woman so he could use the ticket. He turned up in Wiltshire wearing a blonde wig and dress, complete with a floppy sun hat and sunglasses in an attempt to hide his facial features.  He was also wearing makeup, with pink lipstick and rouge dabbed on blushed cheeks. The unnamed man was pictured on social media as event goers revealed he turned up with a woman’s ticket and needed to fool security to gain access to the UK’s biggest music festival. As per festival guidelines, ticket holders must present photo ID to gain access to the event, so the quick-thinker put on women’s clothes to try and match the female ticket holder’s ID. Twitter user @LoriHartx first shared details of the young man's bold attempt, writing: "Day one of Glasto and a scouse lad came up to me in a wig and dress because he had a woman’s ticket."  She then posted a video that showed the man sporting a blonde wig, a dress and sunglasses as part of his disguise. The video has since had more than 162,000 views, and many social media users have been left in stitches at the inventive approach. One user wrote: "I want to see the picture on the ticket to see the resemblance for him to get in." Another added: "Hands down the best blag I’ve seen to date." READ MORE: Pensions set to rise by 10 percent with triple lock reinstated  A third user wrote: "Outstanding effort." Many were desperate to know whether his disguise managed to fool security guards, but Lori revealed that she lost the man in the queue and could not confirm whether he had managed to get into the event. However, another social media user managed to snap a picture of him sitting on the floor, still wearing his wig, suggesting he had managed to get into the event. The official Glastonbury Festival website states that 'all tickets for the Festival are individually personalised to the named ticket holder and are strictly non-transferable. Security checks are carried out on arrival, and only the specified ticket holder will be admitted to the Festival'. DON'T MISS:EU doubts in Austria as OVER HALF don't think membership is good [COMMENT]Ukraine: Church of England defies Boris as bishop urges SURRENDER [INSIGHT]Ukraine told to have 'no illusions' over EU bid [OPINION]  As photo ID is a requirement to gain entry to the sold-out event, it is no surprise the bold young man went as far as he did. Glastonbury Festival kicked off on June 22 J and this year marks its 50th anniversary after a two-year hiatus following the pandemic. Festival-goers will see the likes of Billie Eilish, Paul McCartney and Kendrick Lamar headlining the world-famous Pyramid Stage. 