The couple celebrated the birthday of their baby daughter on Saturday, June 4 with members of the royal family. The picture shows Lilibet smiling and dressed in a pale blue dress with a white bow in her hair. It was taken during a picnic thrown by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex at Frogmore Cottage on the day of her birthday. Close family and friends were invited to celebrate the occasion at the Windsor residence. However, a spokesperson for the couple did not name specific family members who attended. The photo was taken by photographer and friend of the couple Misan Harriman, who attended the picnic. READ MORE: Royal fans gush over Queen’s Jubilee as Brits bask in sunshine Mr Harriman is a photographer and social activist who chairs London's art venue Southbank Centre. He shared the photo of baby Lilibet with his followers on social media, along with more pictures of his family at the picnic. In a Twitter post, he said: "It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around." A spokesperson said that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are "incredibly touched" by the birthday wishes that have flooded in for Lilibet. DON'T MISS: Parents bring their children to Jubilee in 'Once in a lifetime' event In honour of the baby, well-wishers from around the world donated more than 100,000 dollars (£79,800) to World Central Kitchen. The not-for-profit organisation, which is in partnership with Harry and Meghan's Archwell Foundation, provides meals to people affected by humanitarian crises. A cake by the couple's wedding baker Claire Ptak was also served at the picnic. Harry and Meghan visited the UK with their children for the first time since 2020, when they left after stepping down as senior members of the royal family. They joined other members of the royal family in celebrating the Queen’s historic Platinum Jubilee, while it's understood they had their one-year-old, Lilibet, christened during their stay. However, they kept a low profile and only made one public appearance, at St Paul’s Cathedral for the National Thanksgiving Service in honour of the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex ended their visit early as they flew back to the US on Sunday (June 5) early in the afternoon before the final parade in London. It is believed they were driven from Frogmore Cottage to Farnborough Airport before taking off in a private jet at 1.30pm.