Carrie wore the bright pink midi length dress from & Other Stories to celebrate the Jubilee. She also wore a large pink hat. Carrie chose to wear a dress from one of her favourite high street brands, & Other Stories, as she celebrated the Trooping the Colour ceremony. It’s the second time the Prime Minister’s wife has worn the bright pink dress with frill detailing. The pink dress has a button down design and frill detailing around the neckline and is now sold out. The £85 dress has a nipped in waist and the 34-year-old paired it with a fuschia John Lewis hat and Michael Kors shoes. READ MORE: Queen adds EXTRA date to Jubilee calendar - despite health fears Carrie previously wore the statement dress at the Conservative Party Conference in October 2019. She watched the Trooping the Colour statement with her husband, shielded from the sun in her bright pink hat. The iconic Trooping the Colour ceremony kicked off the celebrations for The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. It has marked the official birthday of the British sovereign for over 260 years and crowds lined the Mall for this year’s event. The Prime Minister and Carrie were spotted without their two children, Wilfred and Romy, as they watched the ceremony. Boris Johnson tweeted today: “Congratulations to Her Majesty The Queen on your remarkable Platinum Jubilee. “The whole country, Commonwealth and world thank you for your unwavering duty and service. “Vivat Regina Elizabetha! God Save The Queen!” Lady Louise and Sophie Wessex also stunned in pink as they celebrated the ceremony today. Lady Louise wore a bright pink dress with a white flower pattern, a classic white jacket and a huge hat. Sophie Wessex dazzled royal fans in a head to toe pink gingham outfit by Suzannah London. The Queen has said she is “inspired” by the nation as the celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee begin. She said: “I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last 70 years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm.” The monarch was beaming as she joined other members of the Royal Family on the balcony for the celebrations. The streets were packed with well-wishers as they celebrated the Trooping the Colour for the Platinum Jubilee. Platinum Jubilee celebrations will continue over the weekend as the nation honours the Queen. Carrie's bright pink hat was from John Lewis while her elegant pink heels were from Michael Kors.