An exclusive poll for Express.co.uk asked UK voters whether or not they think the EU is seeking "Brexit Revenge" with its refusal to compromise over the Northern Ireland Protocol. The poll, conducted by Techne UK, saw 41 percent of respondents answer yes, agreeing that the EU is seeking revenge. Meanwhile, 34 percent said no. Twenty five percent said they do not know. The split between yes and no was much more exaggerated in older age groups. Of those aged 64 and older, 51 percent think the EU is looking for revenge. But of those aged 18 to 34, just 31 percent thought the same. A similar number - 30 percent - of this age group said they did not think the EU was seeking Brexit revenge. There was also a major divergence of opinion between Remain and Leave voters. Of those who voted to leave the EU in 2016, 83 percent said they think the EU is looking for revenge. But just 17 percent of remain voters think the same. READ MORE: What does EU legal action mean for UK? The Northern Ireland Protocol, which was agreed during Brexit talks to avoid a hard border between the UK and Ireland, has caused shortages, delays and price rises in Northern Ireland. It has been accused of undermining the Good Friday Agreement, with warnings of a return to violence seen in the Troubles. Despite the issues, the EU and the UK have failed to reach an agreement over the protocol. The UK has been locked in talks with the bloc since October 2021. DON'T MISS: 'Disingenuous' EU misleading over Brexit deal - Truss set to retaliate [INSIGHT] What does EU legal action mean for UK? [ANALYSIS] Britons slam second referendum to rejoin EU: ‘It's done and dusted’ [REACTION] It has been threatening to suspend parts of the agreement by triggering Article 16 for months. But most recently it has threatened to suspend the protocol entirely by taking unilateral legislative action. The planned legislation would grant ministers the power to suspend checks on goods travelling between Great Britain and Northern Ireland - one of the key issues with the protocol. UK politicians have claimed that such action would be a necessary last resort, with Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis claiming the bloc is offering solutions which would be "worse than the situation we've got today". He accused the EU of being "disingenuous" in their approach, arguing that they have not offered "the flexibility that is needed for the people of Northern Ireland." Previously, ERG Chairman Mark Francois compared the EU's handling of the Northern Ireland Protocol to a "militant trade union". Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "The highly officious way in which [the EU has] interpreted the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol, akin to a militant trade union ‘working to rule’ has so angered the Unionist community, that political stability in Northern Ireland is now being seriously damaged. "Even the Nobel Peace Prize winner, Lord Trimble, who was one of the key architects of the original Good Friday Agreement, is now warning that EU inaction over the Protocol could undermine the GFA itself. "In Michel Barnier’s famous phrase, 'the clock is now ticking' to save the Good Friday Agreement, without which we could see a return to violence in Northern Ireland, which absolutely no one wants to see." The poll, conducted by Techne UK, spoke to 1,624 people across June 15 and June 16.