Casper Ruud has paid tribute to Rafael Nadal for winning his record 14th French Open title in what turned out to be a one-sided final and called on the Spaniard not to retire from the sport. Ruud and Nadal were facing off for the first time on tour with a 13-year age gap between the two tennis stars. Ruud had shown good form throughout the two weeks to reach the first major final of his young career. But he was always going to be up against it with Nadal undefeated in his previous 13 Roland Garros finals. And he struggled from the outset to trouble Nadal with the Spaniard quickly taking control. Ruud still had a chance despite Nadal taking the first set, but missed his opportunity at 3-1 up in the second. But the Spaniard turned a screw at that point, going on to win an incredible 11 consecutive games to win in straight sets. Ruud's time will undoubtedly come in the future as his talents proved this week that he can compete. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal causing 'very worrying' retirement concerns in Spain  However, speaking after the match, Ruud paid tribute to his hero for his achievement in winning a 14th French Open title. And Ruud chimed in with his own plea for Nadal not to consider retiring any time soon. "First thing and most important thing is to congratulate Rafa," he said. "It's your 14th time here and 22nd all-time in Grand Slams. We all know what a champion you are and today I got to feel how it is to play against you in a final. "It's not easy and I'm not the first victim so I know there have been many before [laughs]." Again, to you Rafa. Your team and family. You have taken me into your academy with open arms and also to my family, so thank you a lot. DON'T MISS  "You are a true inspiration for me and for everyone who follows tennis around the world so we all hope you will continue for some more time." Ruud ended up as a fan-favourite with many watching from the stands with the crowd regularly chanting his surname. And the No 8 seed has thanked those who came to watch him play at the French Open. "To the city of Paris and the support of the people who came these two weeks, it's been unbelievable and quite an experience to play in front of over 10,000 people in a final," Ruud added. "It's been two difficult years for everyone around the world with Covid so to see a full crowd is inspiring again and you have been very nice to me all two weeks. "It gives me motivation to come back and hopefully next year I can teach some French, it's not easy but I will try."