Westminster insider Louisa James has detailed how rebel Tory MPs are still determined to move against Boris Johnson with one Conservative telling the ITV reporter to "watch this space." It comes after the Prime Minister won a vote of no confidence by 211 votes on Monday night, but a significant minority of 148 Tory MPs voted to topple him. Ms James said: "William Hague has called for him to resign, watch out for any more calls like that or any actual resignations, which really would be a game-changer. "And then there are the rebels, 148 of them, and speaking to them last night, there was a real sense of frustration. "One former minister told me he was worried they had gone too early they had lost their nerve and if they'd done it after the by-elections, perhaps they would have a chance of winning. "Another warned quite darkly, watch this space."  She added: "So perhaps you get a sense that maybe they're going to get organised in the way they didn't before this confidence vote. "You'll see that the bunting is still up here at Downing Street, I wonder whether there was a discussion about it and they decided the symbolism of taking it down would be too much but I think the party is well and truly over." Conservative MPs remain divided over Boris Johnson's premiership in the aftermath of the confidence motion against him, and some are still calling for him to resign. The Prime Minister won 211 votes on Monday night, but a significant minority of 148 Tory MPs voted to usurp him and several have said his days in the role are now numbered.  Following the vote, Andrew Bridgen said Mr Johnson should "now leave with honour". The North West Leicestershire MP shared an article by former Tory leader Lord Hague which said Mr Johnson has experienced a "greater level of rejection" than any of his predecessors and should quit. Writing on Twitter, Mr Bridgen said: "Lord Hague is right. The residual concerns from across the party will continue to remain. "Last night's vote is worse in percentage terms than that suffered by Mrs May and on a par with Heseltine's challenge against Mrs Thatcher.  "The Prime Minister should now leave with honour and residual affection for what he has achieved." Sir Roger Gale, an outspoken critic of Mr Johnson, agreed that he should not take the party into the next general election. Speaking to Sky News, the North Thanet MP highlighted that "over a third of the parliamentary party has expressed no confidence in the Prime Minister". Asked if he thinks Mr Johnson should continue as Prime Minister, he said: "No, I've expressed my view very clearly. "I don't believe that he should take the party into the next general election, and I think there are other elephant traps down the road - two by-elections coming up, the Privileges Committee report in the autumn."