Ms Malone slammed the rail strikes and claimed it was affecting working-class people more. The RMT union held train strikes this week, which saw Britons impacted by their planned protests, with more set to come. The broadcaster claimed the people behind the strikes were politically left militants, and the demonstration was not about getting more pay, as rail staff such as train drivers were already paid well. Ms Malone told Jeremy Vine on 5: "This is the worst cost of living crisis in living memory wasn't enough, these people are going to clobber working people. "They're going to prevent working people from getting to their jobs, and also it's going to cause power cuts, blackouts, empty shelves in supermarkets, petrol shortages. "You know, no union in this day and age should be allowed to bring the country to a standstill, and if it's going to do that they should change the law. "This is a bunch of hard-left militants, this is not about pay, because pay... Train drivers are very well paid, these are not low paid workers. JUST IN: Scale of Boris betrayal laid bare in stunning map – 90 rebels kept quiet     Fellow panellist Kevin Maguire said: "They're not train drivers in the RMT." Ms Malone added: "Well, the trains will be on strike." But the editor hit back: "They are not train drivers that's the first thing you've got wrong." Ms Malone added: "The trains will be on strike! They won't be working." READ MORE:‘Three out of five’ Belgium mocks royal blunders in Queen’s Platinum Jubilee tribute    Many Britons faced long queues and major delays on bus services due to the high demand of people trying to use other means of transport for their journeys. The Government has been asked to do more to stop unions like RMT from being able to disrupt essential services like they currently can. Secretary of State for Transport Grant Shapps has warned unions that he may get it written into British law, to make it illegal to stop such disruptions. Mr Shapps tweeted: "Very disappointing @RMTunion are taking action that could damage the rail network after taxpayers contributed £16bn, £600 per household, to keep jobs during Covid. We're working with industry to reduce disruption caused by strikes but urge unions to come to talks with employers."  DON'T MISSRMT chief erupts at 'selfish and irresponsible' Grant Shapps [VIDEO]Fury over tube strikes as HUGE paypacket revealed [REPORT]Jon Kay blasts rail union boss' strike plan 'Train drivers earn £54k!' [INSIGHT] RMT bosses have been making the rounds with the press this week, explaining why they have taken such drastic action. Some have demanded pay rises for their staff from the Government, and have planned further strike disruptions in order to get their demands met. General secretary Mick Lynch has said he wants to have a face-to-face meeting with Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan to “sort this mess out." Mr Lynch added: “There's no point in our union continuing to sit opposite management representatives who have neither the inclination nor the authority to negotiate a settlement when the power lies with the mayor.” 