The Attorney-General lashed out at the BBC World at One host for questioning the Government's "reputation" following Partygate and the Northern Ireland protocol. Ms Montague asked: "This Government seems to be doing things that others judge to be illegal. We can go back to prorogation, Partygate, the Northern Ireland protocol, and deporting asylum seekers. "I wonder how comfortable you feel with the reputation that this Government has built up in regard to law-breaking?" Ms Braverman replied: "With respect, I think that's a BBC view if you don't mind me saying. "It seems the UK Government is always malevolent and the EU is always acting as the honest broker and the good guys. "I think when it comes to our international reputation, we only have to look at our partners in Ukraine. READ MORE: 'We have a £30m shortfall' Jeremy Vine caller minutely tears Sturgeon "I was in Ukraine last month and I saw the great warmth in which they view the UK. "They see us as their closest ally in this war against Putin." It comes as the European Union has launched fresh legal action against the UK in retaliation over Boris Johnson's plans to unilaterally scrap parts of Northern Ireland's Brexit deal. European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic said the UK's move had "no legal or political justification". As well as new legal action for alleged failures to implement the Northern Ireland Protocol as it stands, Mr Sefcovic confirmed that existing infringement proceedings which had been paused while UK-EU talks took place would now be resumed. And he indicated further measures could follow if the UK pressed ahead with the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, which will effectively rip up key parts of the deal signed by Mr Johnson and the EU in 2019. At a press conference in Brussels, Mr Sefcovic said the UK Government had set out to "unilaterally break international law". The plan would mean "breaking an agreement that protects peace and stability in Northern Ireland, an agreement reached together only three years ago". DON'T MISS Why is there French on the British passport? Reason for translation [INSIGHT]Angry Boris hits out as EU threatens trade war [INSIGHT]POLL: Should Brexit be blamed for travel chaos? [POLL] Mr Sefcovic said: "Let there be no doubt: there is no legal nor political justification whatsoever for unilaterally changing an international agreement. "Opening the door to unilaterally changing an international agreement is a breach of international law as well. "So let's call a spade a spade: this is illegal." The dispute could ultimately lead to a trade war, with tariffs or even the suspension of the entire Brexit deal between the UK and European Union.