Lewis Hamilton was out driving a big money car on the weekend - but it wasn't his new-look W13 Mercedes. Fresh off the back of an improved display in Canada, where he notched a second podium finish of the season, Hamilton has enjoyed a ride in his own sublime super-car.  The seven-time world champion is gearing up for his home Grand Prix at Silverstone this weekend, a venue where he has won eight times before. In 2021, he overcame a time penalty following a controversial collision with title rival Max Verstappen, before going on to take the chequered flag. A similar result looks unlikely this time around though, given the problems both he and Mercedes have endured so far in 2022. The Silver Arrows have been plagued by the issue of 'porpoising', with Hamilton lying sixth in the standings on 77 points, 98 off leader Verstappen. But his F1 form didn't seem to be bothering him when he showed off his 1966 Shelby Cobra 427 on Instagram on a trip with his beloved dog, Roscoe, writing 'Best day out with my buddy'. Carroll Shelby, a former winner of the 24 Hours of Le Mans, designed the iconic Cobra 427 in 1966. JUST IN: Christian Horner called out over constant FIA complaints as Mercedes point made According to crash.net, these cars have previously sold at auction for £4.5 million. That hasn't put off Hamilton though, who has even bought a second identical version of the model, which weighs 2,355 lbs and has a top speed of 160mph and 360hp horsepower. When Hamilton purchased his first version, he reportedly called Shelby directly for a recommendation. And after the former Aston Martin F1 driver died in 2012, aged 89, the value of his vehicles nigh-on quadrupled in price. DON'T MISS:Bernie Ecclestone agrees with Ferrari's concerns over 'dangerous' FIA moveMercedes and Ferrari's worst fears could come true as Red Bull partnership hint droppedSebastian Vettel bites back at politician as Aston Martin boss speaks out after Canada GP Hamilton, 37, is unlikely to be so relaxed when he takes to the F1 track this week though, amid rumours Mercedes boss Toto Wolff is getting 'fed up' with his poor form. That's despite the Austrian previously apologising to the British icon for giving him an 'un-drivable' car. Indeed, Hamilton has been out-performed thus far by new teammate George Russell. The former Williams man sits fourth, 34 points ahead of his more esteemed partner.