Letitia Dean returned to screens this spring after a few months' hiatus from Albert Square. The EastEnders actress who has played Sharon Mitchell since 1985 sent fans into a frenzy with her slimmer physique, with many nicknaming her a “skinny Queen”. So how did Letitia drop four dress sizes in just a few months? Letitia went from 10st 4lb to 8st 3lb - that's a difference of four UK dress sizes. Having been one of Britain’s most iconic soaps for over three decades, the actress’ weight has fluctuated. In a bid to combat weight gain, Letitia has tried many diets. “The cabbage soup diet, the Atkins and a really disgusting eggs-only diet,” she previously explained. READ MORE: Weight loss: Rapid weight loss could hinder results long-term Letitia went from 10st 4lb to 8st 3lb - that's a difference of four UK dress sizes. Having been one of Britain’s most iconic soaps for over three decades, the actress’ weight has fluctuated. In a bid to combat weight gain, Letitia has tried many diets. “The cabbage soup diet, the Atkins and a really disgusting eggs-only diet,” she previously explained. In 2007, Letitia took part in Strictly Come Dancing. “The main reason I [signed up was because I] wanted to do something about my figure,” she said at the time. “I was so sick of extreme dieting and my weight yo-yoing.” The actress has also admitted she received a lot of negative criticism about her weight. DON'T MISS... July 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [GUIDE]Keep potatoes edible for months with clever storage hack [VIDEO]Sophie Wessex steps out in another pink outfit for garden party [PICTURES] “I had quite a lot of horrible things said about me,” Letitia said on EastEnders' spin-off show Secrets from the Square. “‘She's too fat, the other actors complain they can't fit on the same set with her.’” But more recently, Letitia has begun a new diet plan; reducing her calorie intake to 1,300 a day to lose weight. A calorie deficit is the energy your body requires to maintain your current weight, minus your dietary calorie intake. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Counter weight gain by choosing fats wisely A good rule of thumb for healthy weight loss is a deficit of around 500 calories a day. This can result in around one pound a week of fat loss. As for what she ate within the 1,300 calories, Letitia focused on “healthy food”. “Pitta bread with a grilled skinless chicken breast, for instance, and lots of greens,” she explained. Weight loss was not the only outcome of eating healthily, Letitia noticed a change in her energy. “It was incredible,” she said. “I found I had so much more energy than when I used to eat junk food." The result of her hard work was dropping two stone in four months.