Youngsters filled the images with plastic and rubbish, as well as creatures consuming the waste in the sea. It comes after research of 1,091 children, aged seven to 11, found six in ten are “worried” about the future of the ocean, and 58 percent want to do more to protect the planet. Nearly two-thirds (62 percent) of those, who are worried about the ocean, are scared fish will die out if we don’t do anything to save our seas, with a further half (52 percent) frightened that whales will fall ill. The research was commissioned by BRITA, in collaboration with Whale and Dolphin Conservation (WDC), to launch Dougie Poynter’s newest children’s book, The Whale Watchers. The book is set to educate children on the importance of whales to the ecosystem, and show small steps everyone can take to help – such as reducing single-use plastic. Other top concerns shared by children are the ocean flooding us (51 percent), and not being able to see a certain species before they die (46 percent). And youngsters are already highlighting the changes they want to see to save the seas and the planet – with 54 percent saying we should stop dumping waste into our waters. Others think we should make electricity from wind and water (41 percent), and learn about the importance of the underwater ecosystem in school (39 percent). A further 59 percent are worried about plastic pollution affecting whales – as 85 percent believe the giant underwater mammals are important to the ocean’s ecosystem. Stopping use of single-use bottles, taking part in beach cleans, and reusing plastic items, are among the ways the kids think they can save the whales from plastic pollution. Musician and children’s author Dougie said: “It’s great to see so many children want to be like Finn, which is the character I really relate to. “Finn gets quite down about the plastic pollution problem, which I do too, and I need a little picking up every now and again, like he does. “But it’s the small stories of triumph and helping to guide change which really restore my faith. “I wrote this book because I really wanted to create a fictional story with facts that the reader could absorb, learn, and carry them on into the rest of their lives. “That’s how I learnt about the natural environment when I was growing up, and I hope this story will inspire the future change-makers of this earth.” The survey also found those youngsters worried about the ocean, think it will be an average of 26 years before it’s too late to save the sea from permanent damage. And half were frustrated they can’t do more to help the planet. These feelings of concern are further validated, as children revealed they have found plastic bags (59 percent), plastic bottles (57 percent), and food packaging (48 percent) when visiting the beach. But encouragingly, nearly two-thirds (63 percent) have learned about climate change – 35 percent in school, and 23 percent online. And one in ten have even learned about the issues in a fictional story book. Children are most likely to chat to their parents about climate change, and have asked them to recycle more (42 percent), use less plastic (40 percent), and take reusable bags shopping (38 percent). One in three even want their parents to change what they eat, according to the OnePoll data. Rebecca Widdowson, a spokeswoman for BRITA UK, added: “We are really passionate about reducing single-use plastics and supporting a more sustainable reuse culture – so it’s encouraging to see so many children are learning about climate change in school. “We want to continue to inspire children in a meaningful and engaging way, and to raise funds for our long-standing charity partner WDC and support them in their vital work to protect the oceans for generations to come.”