Paramount+ is finally arriving in the UK, with the new kid on the streaming block launching in Blighty on June 22. The new Netflix, Prime Video and Disney+ rival will have a hugely impressive library available from Day One, with hits such as the new Scream film, the Halo TV show and cult hit Yellowjackets available to stream at launch. While Paramount+ - which you can try out thanks to a seven day free trial - will also be getting blockbuster hit Top Gun Maverick added to its streaming library at a later date. If you're interested in trying out Paramount+, it will be available at an enticing price. One month's worth of Paramount+ access costs £6.99 while a year's membership is £69.90. Signing up to a year will save you almost £14. At this price, this is less than Disney+ which is priced at £7.99 a month or £79.90 for a year. Netflix meanwhile has a plan that costs £6.99 a month, but this is only for non-HD streaming. If you want to stream in HD you'll have to pay £10.99 a month or £15.99 for 4K streaming. Prime Video, meanwhile, is include with an Amazon Prime membership which costs £7.99 a month or £79 a year or you can just pay for Prime Video on its own which is £5.99. As always though, pricing doesn't give the full picture of how good value for money a service is. Paramount+ is launching with the new Scream film included in its library, which only was in cinemas months ago. While Top Gun Maverick - which has been a huge box office hit at the cinemas - will be available to stream for Paramount+ members at no extra charge, which is a huge incentive to sign up. An exact release date for Top Gun Maverick on Paramount+ hasn't been confirmed yet, but it's thought the new Tom Cruise vehicle could be available to stream around July time. If you're interested in signing up to Paramount+ there will be multiple ways to watch films and boxsets on the service. You can of course head to the official Paramount+ website but you'll also be able to access Paramount+ as a Prime Video channel or download the official iOS or Android app. Paramount+ will also be available for Sky Q and Sky Glass and it will also be available via Google, Amazon Fire, Roku and Samsung platforms. More platforms will be announced in the coming months. In total Paramount+ will be launching with more than 8,000 hours worth of content. If you're wondering what will be included in the library here are some of the films and boxsets that will be available... PARAMOUNT+ UK LIBRARY HIGHLIGHTS TV shows: Halo, South Park, Yellowjackets, Star Trek Strange New Worlds, 1883, Billions, The Man Who Fell To Earth, Super Pumped, The Offer, Dexter Movies: Scream, Mean Girls, Grease, Star Trek, Top Gun Maverick (launch date TBA)