The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have reportedly teamed up with director Liz Garbus for their "at-home" docuseries. Harry and Meghan are said to have allowed Netflix cameras behind the scenes at their Montecito home to film the show as part of their lucrative deal with the streaming giant. A Hollywood source previously said Netflix was "getting its pound of flesh" from the couple with the docuseries. Ms Garbus' career has focused on true crime, voter suppression and the justice system She directed series four of The Handmaid's Tale earning an Emmy nomination. Ms Garbus was seen with Harry and Meghan as they were followed by a camera crew during their New York visit last September, Page Six reports. The Sussexes were also joined by Netflix cameras at the Invictus Games in The Hague in April. The reported docuseries is part of the deal the couple signed with the streaming giant after quitting as working royals in 2020. Netflix is said to want the show by the end of the year to coincide with the release of Harry's tell-all memoir. A Hollywood insider previously said: “I think it’s fair to say that Netflix is getting its pound of flesh." It comes after it emerged last month that Meghan's animated show Pearl had been dropped by the streaming giant. The Archewell Productions project was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Meghan was to serve as an executive producer of the series alongside Sir Elton John's filmmaker husband David Furnish. When Pearl was announced, the Duchess said: "Like many girls her age, our heroine Pearl is on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life's daily challenges. "I'm thrilled that Archewell Productions, partnered with the powerhouse platform of Netflix, and these incredible producers, will together bring you this new animated series, which celebrates extraordinary women throughout history. "David Furnish and I have been eager to bring this special series to light, and I am delighted we are able to announce it today." The show was axed as part of strategic decisions the streaming giant is making around animated series. It is understood Netflix has decided not to move forward with development on several projects, one of which is Pearl. Netflix said Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. It comes after it emerged that the streaming giant lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Express.co.uk has contacted Archewell for comment. 