Everton forward Dominic Calvert-Lewin would be open to the idea of leaving the Toffees to join Manchester United, Arsenal or Newcastle ahead of next season, according to reports. The 25-year-old is said to have no shortage of external interest in his services and it seems as though a change of scenery could soon be on the cards after Everton only managed to stay up by the skin of their teeth earlier this month. Newcastle are believed to be weighing up a potential summer move for Calvert-Lewin, while United and Arsenal have long been credited with a shared desire to snap him up in the not-too-distant future. The player himself would not be opposed to entertaining offers from any of the aforementioned clubs over the next few weeks off the back of a hugely disappointing season that was blighted by injury problems at Everton, according to The Mirror.The report claims that Everton are bracing themselves for offers to be tabled over the next few months but are in no mood to be bullied into selling for less than what they feel he is worth. It would likely take a huge bid to convince the Toffees to part ways with Calvert-Lewin, given the fact that he sits behind only Harry Kane in the England pecking order at present.However, the club's finances have suffered badly over the last few months due to the knock-on effects of Covid and the lack of recent income from Russian chief backer Alisher Usmanov, who was blacklisted by the UK government earlier this year. Everton have registered unprecedented losses over the past two seasons running to £250million, which could suggest that a potential big-money offer for Calvert-Lewin could ultimately prove too good to turn down. JUST IN: Dani Carvajal says Champions League ‘tainted’ by Liverpool fan chaos Frank Lampard is said to be desperate to make plenty of new signings in order to avoid yet another Premier League relegation battle next season and it seems as though player sales will be required in order to supplement his existing budget. It remains to be seen whether Calvert-Lewin will be among the potential departures in question, though, if his crucial importance to Lampard's plan of action is taken into consideration.The forward only managed to score five Premier League goals this season but was forced to miss the vast majority of the campaign through injury and will be determined to stay fit and recapture his prolific form of old when the action gets back underway. Arsenal icon Paul Merson recently urged his former club to break the bank to bring Calvert-Lewin to the Emirates Stadium in order to solve their attacking woes by rubber-stamping the addition of a proven scorer with bags of potential. "Calvert-Lewin is young and hungry, he will be England's first-choice No 9 in years to come," wrote Merson in his Daily Star column earlier this year."He holds the ball up very well and he works his socks off up front, I've seen some centre-forwards in my time and he works as hard as any of them. Plus he's good in the air and he scores goals, I'd be doing that deal now!"He's only going to get better and he ticks the boxes. He'd be joining a squad full of young, hungry England players that could all grow together." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here