Zoe Ball, 51, has opened up about the time she met actor Jeff Goldblum when she first met him on the Big Breakfast “many moons ago”. She said he made her feel like "the only woman in the world" as they danced together.  The radio host explained that Jeff made you feel like you were the “only woman in the world” when he talked to you.  She added that she didn’t forget to go and say hello to his “lovely wife” afterwards.  Zoe said on her BBC Radio 2 show: “When I first met Jeff on the Big Breakfast many moons ago, we had a little dance.  “I’ve got a photograph of us dancing. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee “And when he came into the studio we had another little dance and he makes you feel like you’re the only woman in the world as he talks to you. “I did make sure I went and said hello to his lovely wife afterwards." She concluded by saying co-presenter and fellow DJ Jo Whiley is also a “huge fan” of Jeff and the two also both danced together. Zoe added: “Jo Whiley also loves Jeff and she just sent me a picture of her dancing with Jeff. I thought I was the only one!”  It comes with the release of the latest instalment of the Jurassic World trilogy, Jurassic World Dominion.  Jeff starred in the original Jurassic Park trilogy as Dr. Ian Malcolm.  He is set to reprise his role in the latest instalment of the franchise alongside Sam Neill and Laura Dern, who also appeared in the original trilogy.  Zoe added that he was “wonderful” and Sam Neill was “amazing”. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) Jeff recently recalled sitting and eating popcorn with Lady Diana almost 30 years ago. The Hollywood star reportedly said the Princess of Wales was a “spectacular lady” as they were seated next to each other at London’s Natural History Museum. Jeff was joined by fellow cast member Laura Dern at the global premiere of the final instalment of the franchise, Jurassic World: Dominion, on Monday in Los Angeles. Recalling the premiere of the original Jurassic Park, he told Entertainment Tonight: “I’m remembering London. “We showed it to, speaking of the Jubilee, the Platinum Jubilee, we showed it to Princess Diana and we had a kind of a royal screening. “Sam Neil was here, Princess Diana was here, you know, and we showed them the movie. “I was standing there next to Diana… sitting, with popcorn." He added: “I was very much a gentleman and she was a spectacular lady.” Jurassic World: Dominion is released in cinemas on Friday June 10.