Tory MP Bob Seely reacted to the request from Ukraine for the delivery of additional weapons which include long-range missiles and stressed if the West want to help Ukrainians to defend themselves “we have to supply a very large amount of kit”. Referring to possible outcomes of the war, he claimed “the most likely option at the moment is a frozen conflict” but he highlighted such a condition is not going to end the war. A frozen conflict would rather allow Russians to “solidify their control of Ukrainian territory taken by force and build up their ammunition in those areas", he explained. Speaking to Mr Seely, LBC presenter Tom Swarbrick asked: “Do you think it is a good idea for these long-range missiles to be supplied to Ukraine, even if they could provoke the Russian bear further?” Mr Seely responded: “Yes, because if the Russian bear wants to be provoked it will find an excuse." He continued: "The most likely option at the moment is one kind of frozen conflict. "But we should be aware that a frozen conflict is not going to be a conflict which finishes.  “The Russians will solidify their control of Ukrainian territory that they have taken by force. “These areas will continue to rot over the years. “And what the Russians will do is build up their arms and ammunitions in those areas. “And they will then infiltrate neighbouring areas for another round of war”. READ MORE: 'Drained and weak' Putin showing signs of 'regret' “It’s not going to be provoked by this. “The Russians get provoked by whatever they want because so much of their interventions in the past have been entirely on fake pretext. “So if they want to be provoked, they will. “But I don’t think they will get provoked. I do think that we need to stick to the course here. DON'T MISS: Britain’s fish exports to Canada grow fivefold [WATCH]Meet the man who could decide Boris's fate [LISTEN]'Shameless' Sturgeon provokes furious backlash at Jubilee concert [INSIGHT] “We do need to understand that in a conventional war, we have to supply a very large amount of kit." He continued: “And if we want the Ukrainians to defend themselves successfully, it doesn’t mean sending a few bags of ammunition and a good luck card. “It means a sustained and frankly pretty intense supply route and training route in for the Ukrainians. “And actually, they need to be getting that kit because it’s taking a very, very long time to get there.” 