Julia Bradbury has lamented being made to miss Wimbledon after catching a bug from her daughter. The Countryfile star, 51, took to Twitter to reveal that she's "gutted" she's being made to stay at home after falling ill. In view of her 174,000 followers, the BBC star told how she was missing out on the sporting event of the season. Julia lamented: "Grrrr. Meant to be at @Wimbledon today but caught a bug off my daughter. "Let's put it this way... Don't think the strawberries & cream would have stayed in their place. "Gutted, absolutely love #Wimbledon. READ MORE: Amanda Owen details how she deals with heartbreaking loss at Ravenseat "'New balls please,'" she ended her post. The star shared a snap of herself with bared teeth and cartoon tennis balls covering her eyes. Following her post, Julia was soon inundated with well wishes from her followers. Twitter user @stmav wrote: "Kids are great at sharing. Get well soon, and stay hydrated." @hip2trek_emma commented: "How lovely of her to share, hope you feel better soon!" It comes after Julia shared that her left breast could have been saved if she'd done a saliva test ahead of her cancer treatment. Taking to Instagram, the BBC star told of a new form of testing to help identify if women have breast cancer. She explained that thousands more women could be spared the "brutal" treatment if they were aware of the test. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham flashes abs in racy dress after vow to 'feel sexy' [INSIGHT]]Mary Mara dies at 61 after drowning as co-star left 'crushed' [UPDATE]Jasmine Burkitt dead: BBC's Small Teen Big World star dies aged 28 [BREAKING] Julia wrote: “I could have saved my left breast if I'd have had this saliva test... “Thousands of other women could be saved from the trauma of brutal treatment. “Lives could be saved if this test was available on the NHS. Please share. #mastectomy #breastcancer #Awareness #prevention.” Julia accompanied the post with an article which detailed the genetic test rollout. The TV presenter was diagnosed with breast cancer in September 2021 and she received the news while filming for This Morning in the forest. The former Countryfile presenter went on to have a mastectomy to have a 6cm tumour removed from her left breast. Julia has been documenting her breast cancer battle with her social media followers. Julia Bradbury: Breast Cancer and Me is available to watch on ITV player.