UPDATE: Xur is back in Destiny 2 today and is at one of his favourite spots. You will be able to find Xur at the Tower, in the Hangar, on the back stairs. And here's what's in stock... Two-Tailed Fox, Eye of Another World, Peregrine Greaves, Fr0st-EE5 ORIGINAL: Xur is dropping into Destiny 2 once again today. The sought-after merchant will be back in Destiny 2 following the weekly reset, and will be heading to a new location to sell the latest range of rare Exotics. Xur will be dropping into Destiny 2 at the new location around 6pm UK time today. If you're wondering where is Xur and where you'll need to head to Express.co.uk will update this article once his new shop location is found. Last time around Xur was found in Nessus at the big Tree in Watcher's Grave. If you're wondering what Xur had in stock last time around then here's what was available last week... - Coldheart, Arc trace rifle: 29 Legendary Shards - Oathkeeper, Hunter gauntlets: 23 Legendary Shards - Ashen Wake, Titan gauntlets: 23 Legendary Shards - Astrocyte Verse, Warlock helmet: 23 Legendary Shards - Exotic Engram: 97 Legendary Shards (you can now purchase a second with an Exotic Cipher) - Exotic Cipher quest: free In other Destiny 2 news, Bungie recently published its latest This Week at Bungie blog post. And in it the Destiny 2 devs revealed that players will soon be getting a new update which will help with weapons balancing for the latest Destiny 2 season. Bungie said: "We’ll have a small mid-Season weapon balance update shipping with Solstice, which will include some buffs to weapon subfamilies that have been languishing for a while, a fix for certain Special weapons not getting enough ammo per Special brick for one defeat in PvP, and some tuning for oppressive Exotic weapons. "Beyond that, we’re wrapping up production on the Season 18 weapons and the matching balance update, which will be of a standard, appropriate size (no novels this time). Some highlights: revisiting some weapon subfamilies, Legendary perk and Exotic weapon tuning and adding intrinsic anti-Champion functionality to several Exotic weapons."