Bayern Munich forward Serge Gnabry has hinted at his admiration for Real Madrid as speculation continues to surround his future this summer. The German has emerged as a transfer target for both Liverpool and Arsenal, however, it seems if he were to have his way, the ex-Gunner would head to the Spanish capital instead. Gnabry appears to be gearing up for a move away from Munich having continued to stall over a new deal with the Bundesliga champions. And his heart may well be set on a move to Real Madrid. In an interview with GQ magazine alongside former Bayern team-mate David Alaba, Gnabry's attraction to the La Liga and Champions League double winners was clear for all to see, serving as a blow to both Liverpool and Arsenal. According to AS, when asked where he would head first should he visit Madrid, Gnabry's answer was telling - but only after Alaba interjected. "I would know 100% where Serge would go," the current Real Madrid centre-back playfully teased. "My first port of call [if Alaba were to make a return trip to to Munich] would be my house, then I would go to the city to meet with friends." READ MORE: Man Utd's formidable new-look defence if Erik ten Hag pulls off four exciting signings Gnabry then answered: "I would go directly to Bernabeu and look at everything closely. Unfortunately, I haven't played there yet. After that, I would definitely spend some time in the city and try to explore the most beautiful corners." The response saw the 26-year-old make no attempt to hide his admiration for Real Madrid and it appears the feelings are mutual. According to BILD, the Spanish giants are thought to be considering a move for the contract rebel having seen their high-profile pursuit of Kylian Mbappe grind to a halt after the French forward made a staggering U-turn and opted for a Paris Saint-Germain stay. DON'T MISSArsenal have already pulled off transfer masterstroke as Arteta given double boost[COMMENT]Christian Eriksen tipped to snub Man Utd and Tottenham as likely transfer named[QUOTES]Tottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer deal[TRANSFERS] It remains to be seen how much truth there are to such suggestions after conflicting reports from Spain claimed otherwise. According to Marca, Real Madrid have not made an offer for Gnabry and do not intend to in the coming weeks, with the Spanish outlet going as far as to say that the ‘door is closed’ over a potential move as Carlo Ancelotti is understood to be happy with the options already at his disposal. Having rejected Bayern's contract proposals thus far, the winger is set to enter the final 12 months of his Allianz Arena deal this summer. Addressing the stand-off, Bayern president Herbert Hainer recently told BILD: "We've been in talks with Serge for a long time, unfortunately there hasn't been an agreement yet. There are a few different ideas. We're working on that."