The Red Bull RB17 will be made at the Red Bull Technology Campus in Milton Keynes, with production scheduled to commence in 2025. Drivers looking to get their hands on the sleek sports car will need to part ways with £5million before tax, with Red Bull making 50 models. The RB17 will come equipped with a staggering V8 hybrid engine and will be able to deliver more than 1,100bhp. It has been specifically designed to only be used on tracks for the “purest execution” of an F1-inspired hypercar. It is expected to accelerate from zero to 60mph in just three seconds and to a top speed over 200mph. The vehicle takes its inspiration and name from the cars that Red Bull Racing has campaigned in the world’s most demanding and technically advanced motorsport series. READ MORE: Many electric car drivers 'confused' days before new charging rules Designed around a carbon-composite tub, the RB17 features the most advanced ground effect package available in a series production car. Any lucky collector who gets their hands on the RB17 will also have access to simulators, vehicle programme development as well as on-track training and experiences. Christian Horner OBE, team principal of Red Bull F1, spoke highly of the car, saying it will have great benefits for the brand. He said: “The RB17 marks an important milestone in the evolution of Red Bull Advanced Technologies, now fully capable of creating and manufacturing a series production car at our Red Bull Technology Campus. DON'T MISSThe ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of new law tomorrow which may see them jailed for life [SHOCKING]Motorists warned that show of 'thanks' when driving can see £1k fine [WARNING] “Further, the RB17 marks the first time that a car wearing the Red Bull brand has been available to collectors.” The vehicle was created by Adrian Newey, Chief Technical Officer of Oracle Red Bull Racing and Red Bull Advanced Technologies. He heralded the two-seat hypercar, saying it would take inspiration and draw from their success in Formula 1. Mr Newey added: “The RB17 distils everything we know about creating championship-winning Formula One cars into a package that delivers extreme levels of performance in a two-seat track car. “Driven by our passion for performance at every level, the RB17 pushes design and technical boundaries far beyond what has been previously available to enthusiasts and collectors.” According to Autocar, Red Bull will build the RB17’s at a rate of 15 a year. It has been reported that most of them are already spoken for. The creation of the RB17 will both secure existing jobs and create over 100 new positions in Milton Keynes. This is in addition to the economic benefits across project partners and suppliers. It is known as RB17 in relation to Red Bull’s F1 naming strategy after the number was skipped as a result of Covid. Last year, Max Verstappen drove the RB16B to the drivers’ title, while racing the RB18 this season. Full technical details for the RB17 will be released in “due course”.