Rod Stewart had spoken of the Queen with heartfelt praise, explaining in an interview that he regards her as like "a sister". However, Jubilee fans watching the show at Buckingham Palace branded his vocals "cringeworthy" and said they wanted the sound to stop. Some of the music industry's most famous names were at the Platinum Jubilee show to celebrate the Queen's 70-year reign. Prince William and son Prince George seemed delighted by Rod's performance, singing along from the balcony. Meanwhile, Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall eagerly waved Union Jack flags in encouragement. However, the response on Twitter was decidedly less rapturous. READ NOW: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction "It was ballbreakingly embarrassing," @ColinMacPhee1 shuddered. "Rod was great in his day but that's long gone - he's ruining his legacy with his drunk uncle at a wedding act." Meanwhile @cazwhiley retorted: "Voice??.. what voice? Seems he’s lost it somewhere." Talking of his rendition of Sweet Caroline, @FranckieFuntime blasted: "Murdered a popular classic!"  @Fug2Dr delivered a scathing retort, exclaiming: "No wonder the Queen said no thanks I will watch it on the tv instead!" @lynnette_graves concurred: "He ruined sweet Caroline. shame really because I like him." @gspvfc exclaimed: "Give it up Rod." Others branded the British rocker "embarrassing" and suggested that, at 77, he was "too old" to be on stage.  However not all the comments were disparaging, as @chrissynighting1 announced: "Sounding good to me!" @fannd47 agreed: "Nothing wrong with Rod." A total of 22,000 people witnessed Rod's vocal renditions outside Buckingham Palace live, while many more saw him on their TV screens via the BBC. Earlier in the day, he'd chatted to BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty about his love of the royals. He predicted that Prince Charles could be the first of the family to get up and start dancing to his songs, before confiding that his wife, ex-model Penny Lancaster, absolutely "adores" him. Rod, who wore a red military-style blazer during the interview, joked: "I think they've got a thing going on!" before adding that Penny would be very "embarrassed" by the disclosure. Continuing his heartfelt praise of the Royal Family, the emotional star added: "[Her Majesty] has been so much a part of my life, she's almost like a sister. "She has always been in the background."