ExpressDentist.com have unveiled their Top 10 of royals with the best teeth, and the York Princesses have bagged the top two spots on the list. Princess Beatrice went in at number one with her teeth scoring 9.09 out of 10.  Her younger sister Princess Eugenie came in second place, as her smile was given a score of 7.27 out of 10. Rounding out the top five were the Duchess of Sussex in third, Kate Middleton in fourth and Prince William in fifth place. Meghan Markle scored a 6.82/10, narrowly edging out Kate on 5.91/10. Prince Harry came in joint seventh with his aunt Princess Anne, being beaten by his own father Prince Charles who was ranked sixth.  Harry and Anne both scored 3.63/10 while Prince Charles managed slightly more on 4.09/10. Her Majesty was ninth out of 10 with her youngest son Prince Edward bringing up the rear in tenth place. The Queen received a score of 2.72/10.  READ MORE: Edward and Sophie: From reluctant royals to Queen's 'firm favourites' The results were determined by computer facial recognition technology, which studied six separate images of each member of the Firm to work out how wide each person’s smile was compared to their other facial features. Scientists used “a computer vision algorithm to approximate the geometric golden ratio of each royal member’s smile” and also added a teeth whitening ranking into the mix. Other royals have been known to be sensitive to how their teeth look, as Mike Tindall reportedly used invisible braces to straighten his smile before marrying Zara Phillips in 2011.  DON'T MISS:GB news: Guest slams ‘impossible’ bid for Brexit Britain [BREXIT]Andy Murray delivers blunt three-word response to John Isner loss [WIMBLEDON]Horror as two men kiss three-year-old child - police appeal [LATEST] Prince Andrew’s eldest daughter has been spotted out and about at Glastonbury last week with husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The pair tied the knot during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, with their daughter Sienna Elizabeth arriving in September 2021. Beatrice has had a busy June, as she was also seen attending Royal Ascot recently as well as a National Gallery summer party. 