Former Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has urged his old club to thrash out a deal for Leeds United star Raphinha amid interest in Gabriel Jesus and Lisandro Martinez. Wilshere admits the Brazilian would not come cheap but thinks he would be a good addition to Mikel Arteta's squad. Raphinha is one of a host of players to have been linked with a move to the Emirates this summer. Arsenal have already signed a Brazilian winger in Marquinhos, though the 19-year-old is thought to be considered as one for the future. The Gunners are closing in on the signing of Portuguese midfielder Fabio Vieira. Porto announced on Friday a deal had been struck with the north London side for an initial fee of around £30million. But Wilshere does not want the business to stop there. Manchester City star Jesus is the top striker target for Arteta. READ MORE: Tottenham's frightening XI if they beat Man Utd to Antony and make three more signings  Meanwhile, The Athletic claims an offer of around £25milllion has been rejected by Ajax for defender Martinez.  However, Wilshere would like to see Raphinha sign, claiming the winger has shown in his two years in England that he is more than capable of playing for one of the Premier League's top sides. Wilshere told talkSPORT: "For someone who's only been in England for two years, he's got a lot of experience. He came to England and just clicked straight away. "He was in a relegation battle last year so he knows he's up for a fight. I think he'd be a good one for Arsenal. DON'T MISSMan Utd could be about to sign another Angel Di Maria under Erik ten HagMan Utd star David De Gea 'unhappy' as details emerge ahead of Erik ten Hag eraLiverpool told to sell Jurgen Klopp favourite who is 'not good enough' - 'Time to go'  "It depends how long he has left on his contract. He'll be expensive, of course he will." Raphinha joined Leeds from Rennes in 2020. Last season his 11 league goals helped the Whites fight off relegation to the Championship. Leeds are willing to let the player leave at the right price. The 25-year-old is about to enter the final two years of his contract at Elland Road. Raphinha has been linked with a move away from Leeds throughout 2022 so far. But his manager Jesse Marsch claimed last month the player was not being affected by rumours over his future.  Marsch said: “Not at all. He is 100 per cent invested. His emotion, which has been talked about, can be interpreted as lack of discipline. "I see it as total investment. That part has been no thought for me. “I like his passion and his mentality and his desire to win and be a great player. He’s a fantastic talent."  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here