Nick Kyrgios ranted about jeering from the crowd before going on question the umpire on how far tolerance should go and whether this would include 'racial slurs', during his first-round clash with Paul Jubb. The Aussie has been vocal in his frustration with both spectators and line officials in the match. Kyrgios was involved in a fiery first-round clash with British wildcard Jubb, starting off by complaining about the crowd and calling an official a "snitch" before he received a warning for smashing a ball out of the court. And the world No 40 ranted about jeering from the crowd as he complained to the umpire. "You have to tell them," he told umpire Marija Cicak. "They're spectators. They don't have any right to do that. They're spectators who spend money to come watch us play. They should be removed. "I don't go up to their face in their 9-5 and start clapping when they're scanning s*** at a supermarket. They have no right to do that so why does it keep happening?" JUST IN: Raducanu told four key things to do to challenge Swiatek at Wimbledon   The Aussie then ranted about 'racial slurs' as a barometer when questioning why spectators weren't punished for their behaviour. He continued: "You should just remove them from the crowd. "So pure disrespect from a spectator to an athlete is acceptable at Wimbledon? But you don't accept a hat with two logos? Where's the line? That's acceptable, racism is acceptable so when does it stop? So where's the line? "It's been happening for years. If they were making racial slurs to him [Jubb] I would say the same thing." DON'T MISSMatteo Berrettini withdrawal helps Rafa Nadal and two others in crisisEmma Raducanu's opponent fires Wimbledon crowd warningAndy Murray 'strange' and 'shocking' tactic called out by Tim Henman It comes after the Stuttgart Open confirmed they were investigating after the 27-year-old claimed he was recently racially abused by members of the crowd in his recent semi-final against Andy Murray. "We have expressed our regret towards Nick Kyrgios and his team and assured that any kind of discrimination is unacceptable," the statement read. It came after the former world No 13 made the claim on his Instagram story after the match.  "When is this going to stop? Dealing with racist slurs from the crowd?" he wrote. "When I retaliate to the crowd I get penalised. This is messed up."