Mass disruption has been reported across the country, which has been worsened by the recent half-term holidays and extended Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. Long queues have been reported in terminals and many flights have been cancelled, leading to hundreds of pounds being lost.  A pile of abandoned luggage was recorded at Heathrow’s Terminal 2 by Sky News defence and security correspondent Deborah Haynes. She said: “The warning signs that all was not well were clear at baggage claim. “There were clusters of suitcases without owners grouped around various conveyor belts.” Many airlines have been forced to cap the number of flights they can run after experiencing staff shortages due to many being laid off during the COVID-19 pandemic, reported The Mirror.  Gatwick Airport said on Friday they would be reducing flights over the summer period to help get back on track, whereas EasyJet said it was “reviewing the details” of the cap but expected to be able to “re accommodate the majority” of their passengers. A spokesperson said: “We are aware of the capacity cap announced by Gatwick Airport and are now reviewing the details to assess what this means for easyJet's Gatwick operation. “We recognise the need for Gatwick Airport to do this, as airports across Europe have visibility across all airlines and are well placed to decide what capacity is realistic in the current challenging operating environment so all airlines can provide reliable services for their customers. “Given the high frequencies of our services to and from Gatwick, we expect to be able to re accommodate the majority of customers should their flight be affected by the cap.”  READ MORE: Spanish Princess, daughter of Queen Letizia, finishes school in Wales Customer Nicole Venglovicova, 31, said she had suffered a “meltdown” after trying to fly from Heathrow to Belfast on three separate occasions. She is now concerned she will not be reimbursed the £500 she has spent trying to organise her air travel. She told PA: “I had a meltdown, I was crying outside the airport out of stress. “I arrived at the airport for my morning flight and Flybe told me the queue is huge so I need to run. "When I finally got to security, my boarding pass didn't work... the gate was still open at this point.”  DON'T MISS:Putin blasts West for failed ‘economic blitzkrieg’ [LATEST]Boris blasted by Brussels over hated Brexit deal  [ANALYSIS]Brexiteer says UK doesn't want lessons on human rights from EU [INSIGHT] However, after being sent back to the front gate and then returning to the gate, it was closed and nobody was there. Ms Venglovicova then missed two further flights to Belfast after being told to retrieve her luggage and go back through security. She added: “I thought I (could get the) afternoon one and then I saw that the queue is going all the way outside to the car park and I couldn't see the end of it. “Then I had a meltdown and just went home. “There is no point. Domestic flight to Belfast and I need to go to the airport when? Eight hours earlier?” The Government has welcomed Gatwick’s plan to reduce flights so that they can “realistically deliver” their services over the summer. A Downing Street spokesperson said: “We want everybody to be able to travel freely and easily, which is why we continue to encourage industry to step up their recruitment so they can put enough flights for families who are looking forward to well-deserved holidays after the pandemic.” 