David Beckham, 47, has had a large involvement in this weekend's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, even appearing at Buckingham Palace last night during the concert. The former footballer took to Instagram last night to show off his baking skills and tried his best to involve his wife, Victoria Beckham, 48. David took to Instagram yesterday in view of his 73.8 million followers to share the progress as he baked a Victoria Sponge cake. After posting a series of four pictures showing the different stages, the former footballer then posed for a selfie with his finished masterpiece. David smirked as he posed topless while holding the cake platform. He captioned the picture: "Platinum Jubilee Victoria sponge. Yes, it was made by me!! READ MORE: Lara Lewington sparks concern with 'stitched up' face snap "Fancy a piece @victoriabeckham." Resharing the post on her own Instagram in view of her 30.1 million followers with a loved up emoji. The pair have been supporting each other all weekend with Victoria posting David's hologram to her Instagram story. She captioned the short video: "I know how much this means to you @davidbeckham. "So proud @davidbeckham." Victoria herself came under fire yesterday as she shared a series of photographs to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Spice Girl posted eight pictures alongside Her Majesty, including one of herself sitting on the gold throne that was used at her wedding to David. Other snaps included a side-by-side shot of both the Queen and Victoria sipping a cup of tea, sitting at computers, holding dogs and waving out of car windows. In the caption, she wrote: "70 years of being an inspiration to so many! DON'T MISS... Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [COMMENT] Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee [PICS] Geri Halliwell sparks concern for 'weird' appearance at Platinum Party [CONCERN] "Including me, clearly! "Congratulations to Her Majesty The Queen on The Platinum Jubilee, what an achievement." However, Victoria’s post angered some users and she was hit with a wave of criticism accusing her of being "inappropriate". Adriana raged: "What class of tribute is this? Dumbfounded." Clarity added: "Inappropriate to make it about yourself." User kiwimacaron exclaimed: "Such a narcissistic post! Is it possible to celebrate someone else without turning it around for yourself? Unbelievably self-centred!" Nevertheless, plenty of others saw the post in a more positive light. Mama wrote: "Queen Victoria." And Florence gushed: "So sweet."