Just months before the nation gained its independence from the Soviet Union in a referendum, Mr Bush made an intervention, warning them of the consequences of leaving and cautioning them against “suicidal nationalism”. Thankfully that intervention by US President Bush was ignored, and the country voted overwhelmingly to leave. Today, as Russia’s illegal war grinds on, some are calling for Ukraine to give away some of their country in order to appease Russia. People like Henry Kissinger believe that if we give the Russian dictator some of what he wants, he’ll stop the war and we can return to normal. We shouldn’t be putting pressure on the Ukrainian people to give away territory, especially while they are giving their lives to defend it. Now is not the time to give up on sovereignty. I was delighted to welcome my friend and colleague, Iryna Vene-diktova, the Ukrainian Prosecutor General, to the UK to offer our support in the prosecution of war crimes. It is only by standing shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine that we can deter further barbaric acts. Back in March I appointed Sir Howard Morrison QC as an independent adviser to the Ukrainian Prosecutor General’s Office and during my visit to Ukraine last month, I was pleased to hear back from the Ukrainians how they’ve been working alongside him and our other war crimes experts. Last week we announced the launch of the joint Atrocity Crimes Advisory Group which works with allies in the US and EU to provide direct support to Iryna and her team in Ukraine. Some 14,100 cases have now been opened in Ukraine against around 600 suspects. Together we are showing the world what we can do to stand up to hostile states.  While it’s true that the war in Ukraine and the steps we’re taking against Russia are not cost-free for us at home, our sanctions are seriously damaging Vladimir Putin’s ability to wage war. Currently around £275billion – 60 percent of Russian foreign currency reserves – are frozen. Russia is on track for a deeper recession than the 2008 global financial crisis. We will end Russian oil imports by the end of the year and Russia’s Finance Minister has admitted its oil output could decline by 17 percent this year. In May we imposed sanctions on Russia’s airline sector. State-owned Aeroflot, Ural Airlines and Rossiya Airlines will be unable to sell their unused landing slots at UK airports – preventing Russia from cashing in on an estimated £50million. We want to hold accountable those responsible for the atrocities that have been committed in Ukraine, including military commanders and other individuals in the Putin regime. The UK led efforts to refer the situation in Ukraine to the Inter-national Criminal Court, which has now secured the support of 42 other countries. Some say we are not looking at the big picture, that if we put pressure on the Ukrainian people to negotiate peace with Russia it can end the bloodshed and we can lift our sanctions. But the big picture should also include places like Taiwan. We know the island is vulnerable to invasion and hostile states are looking carefully at the Ukraine war to see how the West responds.  Warfare isn’t just happening on the ground, it is also taking place in cyberspace – but there are clear legal ways the UK can retaliate against rogue states. If the UK is struck by hostile cyber activity which is not strictly unlawful, the UK and our allies are able to fight back in ways that can include things like asset freezes and economic sanctions. After big cyber attacks which take down infrastructure it can often be tricky to find out who the culprit is. But when hostile cyber activity targeted Microsoft Exchange servers, 39 partners including Nato, the EU and Japan came together to point the finger at China. And after the Russian Solar Winds hack, the UK, US and other allies came together to impose sanctions against them. As we mark the Platinum Jubi-lee, we can have pride in knowing that throughout the Queen’s reign the British people have always stood up against injustice. We have a clear message to those who invade sovereign states, commit war crimes and launch crippling cyber attacks. Your actions will have consequences and the UK will stand firmly behind Ukraine and anyone else who you try to threaten. 