Manchester United are eyeing Christian Eriksen this summer. And that’s three years after the Denmark international supposedly turned down a move to Old Trafford amid fears he’d become the next Juan Mata. Any transfer this summer isn’t guaranteed, especially with the Red Devils’ Premier League rivals all circling. Manchester United are looking to add more creativity to their midfield, especially following the departure of Paul Pogba on a free transfer. And it was revealed earlier this week that the Red Devils had tabled a contract offer to the Denmark international in the hope of securing his signature. Now, if United do sign Eriksen, it will be rather surprising. Back in 2019, the Red Devils sensed an opportunity with the 30-year-old’s contract winding down at Tottenham at the time. United pressed to land Eriksen but, ultimately, missed out with the playmaker staying at Spurs until January 2020 - when he’d later join Inter Milan. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer The Athletic then published a report in the aftermath explaining the midfielder had doubts about joining the Red Devils due to the way they’d treated Mata. Mata touched down from Chelsea back in the January transfer window of 2014, back when David Moyes was manager. But no United manager really got the best from the Spain international, who was often in and out of the side under the likes of Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. At the time, Solskjaer had only been Mata’s manager for a matter of months. But Eriksen was wary he’d end up just like Mata, who would often be deployed out of position. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Mata became a peripheral figure and, even prior to his exit this summer, had been for some time. And whether Eriksen now thinks differently remains to be seen. Erik ten Hag has a good rapport with the Dane, who he allowed to train with Ajax prior to his move to Brentford. But United aren’t the only team in the race to land the 30-year-old, who scored once and registered four assists for the Bees last term. Tottenham are hoping to reunite with Eriksen, especially now they’ve got Champions League football to offer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Brentford themselves remain keen to keep the midfielder, even though he’s now technically a free agent. And Leicester, Brighton and Everton have all emerged as potential suitors as well. Meanwhile, former Rangers and Aston Villa boss Alex McLeish thinks that Eriksen would be a huge signing for United. “For me, it’s a no-brainer. If they can get Christian, take him in a heartbeat,” he said. “I still feel that United are nickel and diming a little bit. With the manager, there have been some players Man United have been linked with that I think: ‘No’. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I just cannot see progress for Man United in that respect when I see some of the names linked with them. “This is what Ten Hag will find is the most difficult part of his career and life, recruitment. “If he and the recruitment guys don’t recruit the guys that can take Man United to another level then I’m sorry, it’s going to be the same old, same old. “We’ve seen it for the last five, six years, or let me go back even further, since Sir Alex (Ferguson).”