Lynsey Crombie, also known as the Queen of Clean, shared her simple hack for removing stains from clothes. In a post earlier this week, Lynsey revealed how she removed a bright pink stain from a white jumper. The jumper appeared to be unsalvageable because the stain was four days old. However, Lynsey managed to restore the jumper using three simple household items. Firstly, Lynsey wet the stain with cold water from the tap. It’s best to use cold water as hot water can set the stain, making it more difficult to remove. The cleaning expert then liberally sprayed the stain with Dri-Pak pure white vinegar spray. READ MORE:  'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home Dri-Pak white vinegar can be found in Wilko for £1.50 and Ocado for £2. She then covered the stain in washing up liquid. She used Elbow Grease’s washing up liquid in pink which claims to “cut through grease and grime”. Elbow Grease Washing Up Liquid can be found in Savers for £1. DON’T MISSDEAL OF THE DAY: Early Prime Day deal - Save 43% off Bosch DIY [INSIGHT]When to prune honeysuckle - three key timings for ‘romantic’ climbers [UPDATE]How to ‘immediately’ increase your property value by 10-15 percent [ANALYSIS] Lynsey then scrubbed the solution into the stain using an old toothbrush. She used circular motions to scrub the stain before then leaving the solution to work for 30 minutes. Next, the cleaning pro washed the jumper on a quick 40C wash. Once washed, she put the clothing on the washing line to bleach and disinfect the jumper further. The jumper looked brand new, with the stain nowhere to be seen. Lynsey captioned her video: “When your friend brings her son’s stained jumper round in the hope you can get it! “Washing up liquid and white vinegar mixed together are such a fabulous combination. “After letting sit wash as normal and hang in the sunshine, sun is a natural bleaching agent and disinfectant.” Lynsey’s post received more than 2,600 likes from fans and followers. She also received a plethora of positive comments from people who were amazed by the results.  Instagram user @mrspeachyclean said: “Amazing results Lynsey! I'm going to try this.” Another user called @mummytoasmallarmy commented: “Love this combo for stains. “Happy Tuesday Lynsey have a lovely day.” Meanwhile, Instagram user @joannemartnol3 commented on the post: “Fantastic Lynsey.” Instagram user @dawneshomelife replied: “Omg such fab results. I’ll definitely remember this.”