Chelsea have been told to beat Barcelona to the signing of Robert Lewandowski should Romelu Lukaku leave this summer. Former Blues winger Shaun Wright-Phillips believes the prolific Pole would be the "perfect replacement" for Lukaku who continues to see his future shrouded in uncertainty amid increased speculation surrounding a return to Inter Milan.  Lewandowski himself could well be on the move this summer having openly expressed his desire to depart Bayern Munich, after eight seasons with the Bundesliga behemoths, in order to join Barcelona. However, the German club are continuing to stubbornly stand by their not-for-sale stance. With no deal between the two clubs having been reached as of yet, former Chelsea attacker Wright-Phillips believes his old employers should exploit the situation by moving to steal Lewandowski amid intense talk of Lukaku being let go this summer. Speaking to Genting Casino, the ex-England international said: "Robert Lewandowski would be the perfect replacement for Romelu Lukaku if Lukaku does leave. "No matter what team he plays in, he always scores goals. Chelsea would just have to make sure they play to his strengths in order to make it work." JUST IN: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye bargain, Liverpool mull price-tag  The Blues could well dip into the market for a new striker should they agree to allow Lukaku to depart in this transfer window. The Belgian appears intent on securing a return to Inter Milan, just one year on from swapping the San Siro for Stamford Bridge in a mammoth £97.5million deal. The 29-year-old has struggled to recapture his best form since returning to West London and caused a stir at the turn of the year following a controversial interview with Sky Italia, in which he criticised the tactics of Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel and expressed his longing to one day return to Inter. That dream now appears to be edging closer to becoming a reality. According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, the Serie A side are pushing to re-sign Lukaku this summer with talks between Chelsea and Inter over a potential loan deal expected to imminently open. Lukaku is understood to be desperate to move back to Milan and is thought to be willing to take a wage cut in order to make it happen. READ MORE: Leeds transfer chief Victor Orta 'working on' transfer after Marc Roca  Despite adding that he felt Lukaku should stay with the Blues and fight for his place, Wright-Phillips insisted that Chelsea should seek to offload the forward if he is truly unhappy, in order to avoid seeing him "unsettle" the rest of the dressing room. The 40-year-old added: "I personally don't think he should go, he should stay there and fight and show the fans what he is actually capable of. "But if Romelu Lukaku wants to go then he should. It's not fair otherwise because you don't want an unhappy player at the club because that will unsettle the rest of the dressing room. " 