And yet, tonight, here we are, watching the most successful political party in democratic history knowingly self-immolate. A vote of no confidence is always a mess (and almost always born not of noble aims but just another wannabe's PM's hubris) but those figures... 148 no, 211 yes - it's hard to imagine how it could be messier. So now to a chorus of "et tu Brute" x 148 we shall watch the Tories drown themselves, suffocating in an utterly lose-lose scenario. Mrs Thatcher, John Major and Theresa May were "persuaded" to fall on their swords after their votes of no confidence. That is not going to happen with Boris. Which cuts to the two insurmountable problems Team Brutus were always going to face: 1) The only way to get Boris out of No 10 would be to Tazer him and drag him out by his feet; 2) The rag-tag of "alternatives" were, and remain, poorer electoral choices than even a damaged Boris. For those people who actually have lives and thus have not been hanging on every detail of the potential stalking horses here's a quick recap on those alternatives: Liz Truss - too lightweight; Rishi Gazillionaire Sunak - about as representative of modern Britain as the koh-i-noor diamond; Jeremy Hunt - because he was just so impressive as Health Secretary; Nadhim Zahawi - nice fella, political non-entity; Dominic Raab - all the charisma of a serial killer; Ben Wallace - sensible, no baggage, liked by all... er, except the Tory Party; Priti Patel - human Marmite; Michael Gove - too clever by half; Tom Tugendhat - too pompous by half; Penny Mordaunt - not this time Pen. And that's your lot. Boris is still the Tories' best electoral bet by a country mile. Anyone else is basically Michael Howard. Let's be honest in recent years the Tory Party has only been so wildly successful because the opposition has been Jeremy Corbyn and Ed Miliband. Their own leaders have been really quite spectacularly unexceptional. David Cameron was PM for SIX years - and can you remember anything of significance save for calling a referendum on the EU he thought would be utterly meaningless? Nope me neither. And Theresa May? Anything other than a spineless capitulation to Europe against the express wishes of the British people? Nope, me neither, not a sausage.   Whereas with Boris - love him or loathe him - we've got a much, much better version of Brexit pushed through, an amazing Covid vaccination program worthy of actual respect, and a very tough line on Russia (while our friends in Europe were weighing up what was in it for them as Ukrainians died). Yes Partygate was beyond stupid, and trying to weasel out of it cringingly worse. But a week is a long time in politics - and a year or more to the next election is an age - and the rank and file party members still seem to be behind Boris. What should really be worrying the Tory Party is they've forgotten who the enemy is. With a bit of coaching and airbrushing, Keir Starmer could be a real No10 contender. Yes, he has many Rayner-shaped albatrosses around his neck but he is very much not Jeremy Corbyn or Ed Miliband. A fellow political writer, a Tory to her bones, leant me a smidgin of her wisdom tonight saying: "Often at times like this you need a reset. Let Starmer take over for a bit." And if she is saying that there is definitely trouble at t'mill. 