This comes ahead of the royal salute on the parade ground. Prince Charles, joined by Prince William and Princess Anne, will take the royal salute on behalf of the Queen.  This is the first time the Queen has missed out on the gesture in her entire, historic reign. She will instead appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, joined by her cousin, the Duke of Kent, the palace confirmed on Wednesday. This comes amid growing concern over the monarch's health, as she is said to be suffering from "episodic mobility issues". The monarch will take a salute from the cavalry as they go past Buckingham Palace on their return from the parade.  Millions of people across the UK and the world are expected to enjoy the pomp and pageantry which start today in honour of the 96-year-old who has reigned for longer than any of her predecessors. The Queen said in a statement ahead of the celebrations: "Thank you to everyone who has been involved in convening communities, families, neighbours and friends to mark my Platinum Jubilee, in the United Kingdom and across the Commonwealth. "I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last 70 years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm." However, in a sign of the monarch's advancing years and recent episodic mobility issues which have led her to cancel some engagements, the Queen's personal involvement in the events has been limited to some extent.  READ MORE ABOUT THE JUBILEE FLYPAST The celebrations have begun with the Trooping the Colour military parade in London where for the first time the Queen will take the salute from the 1,500 soldiers and officers from the balcony of Buckingham Palace. It is the first time in three years that the Queen's official birthday parade has taken place. Prince Charles, 73, and his eldest son Prince William, 39, are carrying out a number of ceremonial duties on the Queen's behalf during the four-day celebrations. Before cheering crowds, the royal party made its way along The Mall which has been strewn with Union Jack flags for the unique occasion. They were led by the First Battalion of the Irish Guards which last trooped its colour on The Mall in 2017. Three carriages then followed including Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and the three Cambridge children, George, Charlotte and Louis, who could all be seen waving to the crowd.   DON'T MISS: Queen adds EXTRA date to Jubilee calendar - despite health fears [REVEALED] Meghan spotted with little Archie! Duchess seen on rare day out in LA [REPORT] Five killed and multiple injured in 'devastating' Tulsa shooting [LATEST] The procession then awaited the departure from the Palace of the Prince of Wales who is taking the salute. Charles was followed by the Duke of Cambridge. They were followed by the Royal Escort. Charles and William were joined by Princess Anne, Princess Royal, who rode behind her elder brother. Thousands of people draped in Union Jack flags, party hats and plastic tiaras lined The Mall as the sun blazed down. Some of those at the front brought camping chairs, having arrived as early as 8pm on Wednesday to get the best spot. Spirits were high among the crowds as members of the public chatted and joked with police maintaining the perimeter. Handmade signs have been hung over the barriers, with one simply saying, "Thank you".  The senior royals made their way down The Mall past flags of the Commonwealth nations, before arriving at Horse Guards Parade where Chelsea Pensioners were seated for the ceremony. William rode on Derby in his Irish Guards uniform while Anne was seated atop a horse named Sir John in her Colonel of the Blues and Royals uniform as part of the parade. On the stroke of 11 o'clock, the formal part of the parade took place with the Prince of Wales saluting the colour seconds before. A rendition of the National Anthem followed after which troops presented arms. The Prince of Wales then inspected the line of guards on horseback followed by William and Anne who rode side by side behind the heir to the throne.  The Platinum Jubilee medal was among the regalia worn by the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge. Charles, who is Colonel of The Welsh Guards, was dressed in a bearskin with green thistle sash, and wore a number of medals on his scarlet tunic. Alongside the Queen's Service Order (New Zealand), Coronation medal, Silver Jubilee medal, Golden Jubilee medal and Diamond Jubilee medal, shone the Platinum Jubilee medal. During the ceremony, a special Platinum Jubilee March was performed in honour of the Queen before the Escort for the Colour took up a tigher formation for the march forward to collect the colour, which represents the soul of the regiment and in the past would have been a rallying point on the battlefield.   Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his wife Carrie, dressed in a cerise pink outfit with frill detail and large matching hat, also watched the ceremony. Originally, the parade was known as Lodging the Colours, but it differs very little from the modern Trooping ceremony. In 1805, the custom of Trooping the Colour to honour the sovereign's birthday was first adopted, however, it lapsed soon afterwards. The ceremony was revived during the reign of King George IV and has continued since then. At one point during this year's ceremony, Prince Louis leaned out of a window at Horse Guards and did a small salute at the Irish Guards as they continued to parade.  The National Anthem played as Prince Charles gave the royal salute on behalf of the Queen. It was followed by cheers from the crowd. Mounted bands then left the parade ground before the Prince of Wales gave the guards permission to march off, leaving Horse Guards Parade to drums and pipe music. A carriage procession then passed along The Mall to cheers from the crowd as Camilla, Kate, George, Charlotte and Louis made their way back to Buckingham Palace. Irish Saffron played as guards marched back along the route which was bathed in sunshine. The Queen then made her appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, accompanied by the Duke of Kent. Dressed in blue and holding a walking stick, Queen Elizabeth II inspected the troops as they marched past the palace in what is considered the most profound moment of Trooping the Colour as the monarch and guards meet eye to eye. Prince Charles then led the royal party back into Buckingham Palace where the monarch has appeared in public for the first time since the Covid pandemic. 