To date, Washington has been the largest supplier of arms to Ukraine with billions spent on providing defensive equipment to Kyiv. The latest shipment of arms will include more heavy material including anti-ship missiles and much-needed ammunition to hit back Russian forces who themselves, are firing millions of rounds a day at Ukrainian targets.  In the next package, Mr Biden will send out two Harpoon launchers designed to sink Russian vessels on the Black Sea. Added to this, the US will deliver an unspecified number of Guided Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (GMLRS). Furthermore, rockets and ammunition will be supplied for the already delivered M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS), as well as 18 M777 Howitzers and 36,000 rounds of 155mm ammunition for the guns. In order to facilitate communications on the ground, and avoid Russian eavesdropping, thousands of secure and encrypted radios will also be dispatched to Kyiv.  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has repeatedly called for more and faster shipments of weapons in a bid to slow Russian advances in the east of the country. The US Joint Chief of Staff General Mark Milley, as well as US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin, have publically acknowledged Russia’s military superiority over Ukraine, and have backed Western allies' supplies to the country to even the odds. Defence Secretary Mr Austin said: “When you’re in the fight, you can never get enough, and you can never get it quick enough. “But having said all that, we’re going to work hard to make sure we’re doing everything humanly possible. “We’re going to continue to move heaven and earth to get them the capability that they need.”  READ MORE:British troops shipping weapons to Ukraine warn 'help now'  He added: “War takes many, many turns, so I wouldn’t say it’s an inevitability, but I would say the numbers do favour the Russians. “In terms of artillery, they do outnumber, they outgun and outrange ... and they do have enough forces. “But the Russians have run into a lot of problems. “They’ve got command and control issues, logistics issues, morale issues and leadership issues.” The costs covering the aid will use a combination of $350million (£288million) in presidential authority to draw equipment from US military stocks and $650million (£536million) in the separate Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative. DON'T MISS:UK tipped to 'go in and kick Putin out' of Ukraine [EXCLUSIVE]China 'lays groundwork' for military base near Australia [REVEAL]Germany sends Putin huge warning and unveils new ‘panther’ tank [REPORT]   Defence officials say the Pentagon plans to use the initiative to buy truck-mounted Harpoon launchers, which are not currently operated by the US, but the missiles themselves would come from allies and partners. Denmark has also previously committed to providing Harpoons to Ukraine. Mr Austin recently hosted a meeting at the NATO headquarters in Brussels to discuss the methodology to deliver weapons to Ukraine. A recent report revealed NATO has been operating a secret project out of a base in Germany to deliver and supply weapons to Kyiv via secure routes. Other nations have also pledged arms to Ukraine, with Mr Austin highlighting three multiple-launch rocket systems and GMLRS ammunition for Ukraine from Germany, Mi-series helicopters and rockets from Slovakia and artillery donations from Canada, Poland and the Netherlands. For more stories like this, follow Express.co.uk Defence and Security Correspondent James Lee on Twitter @JamesLee_DE   Aside from military assistance, the US has pledged over $200milion (£164million) in humanitarian aid to Ukraine. Incentives will include money for food, shelter and medical supplies. Speaking of the conditions faced by Ukrainians, Mr Biden said: “The bravery, resilience, and determination of the Ukrainian people continues to inspire the world. “And the United States, together with our allies and partners, will not waver in our commitment to the Ukrainian people as they fight for their freedom.” Overall, the US has committed about $4.6billion (£3.7billion) in security assistance to Ukraine since the beginning of the Biden administration, including $3.9billion (£3.2billion) since Russia invaded. 