Bravo’s yachting reality show will finally return to screens next month with season seven of Below Deck Mediterranean. The show released a dramatic trailer which provided fans with major insight into the instalment, as well as a look at the new Bosun onboard, Raygan Tyler.  Below Deck Mediterranean is finally back and it looks as though the crew are headed for uncharted territory. A look at the chaotic trailer revealed this was a new domain for Captain Sandy Yawn who revealed the yachties were headed to Malta. She stated: “This is my first time ever in Malta. This season for me, it's a new place, a new boat, with new department heads. Challenge accepted!” The trailer also introduced fans to Raygan Tyler as the latest Bosun, who has replaced Malia White. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney In May, Malia White confirmed she would not be returning to the Below Deck franchise, despite establishing her position as one of the well-known cast members. The 31-year-old joined the spin-off series as deck crew during season two before being promoted to Bosun in the fifth season. After fans shared speculation about her return to season seven, White revealed she was stepping down during an appearance on Brandi Glanville’s Unfiltered podcast. “I took a year off,” she stated, before disclosing her departure was due to a bad scooter accident. With her new role as Bosun, it appeared as though Tyler still had some adjusting to do after Yawn shared some stern words with her. The Captain warned: “You gotta manage this deck. I don’t want to be the bosun,” before the yacht descended into chaos. However, eyes weren’t just on Tyler as she was one of three new department heads joining the crew in season seven. There was the new Chief Stew Natasha Webb taking charge of the yachties and Chef Dave White who began heating things up in the kitchen. DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan 'kept under control' - Royal expert praises Camilla [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht: Fans praise Chef Marcos after his exit [REACTION] Below Deck Sailing Yacht fans swoon at charter wedding finale [INSIGHT] Webb laughed as she stated: “As the Chief Stew, when s**t hits the fan, the best thing to do is feed them alcohol.” While White confidently told the cameras how he “loves” and “thrives” under pressure. Returning for another charter was castmate Mzi ‘Zee’ Dempers, with new stars Storm Smith and Jason Gaskell. There was also the addition of two new leading stews Natalya Scudder and Kyle Viljoen. However, in true Below Deck fashion, a season isn’t complete without some drama and alcohol-fuelled antics. There was also some trouble ahead for the boat, as the team were met with some major technical challenges. As the boat seemingly crashed into something, Yawn highlighted: “I have never hit anything in my career, ever.” The trailer also hinted at a “boatmance” after it appeared Chef and Natasha were having a fling. Below Deck Mediterranean season 7 will premiere in the US on Bravo on Monday, July 11 and will be available in the UK on Hayu. 