Egypt has made the decision to scrap all coronavirus entry restrictions for visitors, regardless of where they are arriving into the country from. In a statement on Thursday, Egyptian Cabinet Spokesperson Nader Saad said the nation was removing all coronavirus restrictions imposed on the entry of Egyptian and foreign arrivals to the country. The decision was made during a meeting between Prime Minister Moustafa Madbouly and the members of the Supreme Committee for the Management of the Epidemiology and Health Pandemic Crisis, reports Egypt Today. The move is largely thanks to the nation's vaccine roll-out which, as of Thursday, has seen approximately 86.6 million COVID-19 jabs administered to citizens. Travellers will be able to visit the country without proof of vaccination or evidence of negative test results or recovery. Previously, all travellers arriving in Egypt were required to present a negative PCR test taken no more than 72 hours before arrival unless fully vaccinated, having received their second dose of an approved vaccine 14 days prior to travel. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) has yet to update its travel advice pages for Britons. However, the news is already being welcomed by tour operators. Peter Kearns, Executive Director at Red Sea Holidays said: "We are delighted that Egypt will fully re-open to international visitors, as of today. "We have seen a steady increase in bookings ahead of the summer period and we hope to see this trend continue with the removal of all COVID-related entry requirements. "Wearing of face masks at all of our properties, on board our Nile cruise ships and on our excursions is no longer mandatory, and is also optional in public spaces across the country. "Our teams on the ground continue to work hard to ensure that all of our guests feel COVID-safe and look forward to welcoming back visitors from the UK." DON'T MISSHow to get through airport security fast - 'breeze through' [COMMENT]Jet2 passenger in tears after being left stranded as flight axed [INSIGHT]World’s largest private cruise ship arrives in Devon [REPORT] Though Covid rules have been axed, other entry restrictions remain in place for British passport holders. The FCDO explained: "British passport holders travelling to Egypt normally need a visa. "You can get a visa before you travel from the official Visa2Egypt portal or your nearest Egyptian consulate. "Tourist visas granted using the e-visa system are valid for a maximum of three months. "It is advisable to get a visa before you travel, particularly if travelling for work or business." Anyone who chooses to get a visa on arrival can do so at approved bank kiosks within airport arrival halls. The visa fee is US$25 (approximately £20.42) and is preferred to be payed in US dollars, although you may also be able to pay in pounds sterling or euros.