It was just one day into Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine when audio from Snake Island emerged on social media. The island, which sits on the Black Sea and is mainly used for marine research, was approached by a military warship, which sent a chilling message: "This is a Russian military warship. I suggest you lay down your weapons and surrender to avoid bloodshed and needless casualties. Otherwise, you will be bombed." After a brief period of silence, a Ukrainian officer was heard replying: "Russian warship, go f**k yourself." The warship opened fire on the island and the small group was thought to have died. Later statements made by the Ukrainian military, however, confirmed that they had, in fact, survived. For many, it would have been the first time they had heard of Snake Island. But the obscure rocky patch of land has since become a focal point of the conflict in Ukraine. While the war has drawn its existence to the attention of millions, its history remains largely unknown and shrouded in ancient mystery. According to Greek mythology, the island, known as Λευκή (Leukḗ) or White Island in Greek, was created by Poseidon — the god of the sea and waters — for Achilles and Helen to live on, and also for sailors to have a place to stop at during their journeys on the Black Sea — although they were not allowed to sleep on the island. According to the legend, Thetis, Achilles' mother, transported his mortal remains and interred them in a hero's shrine there. Spookily, ancient written accounts of testimonies from sailors claim that Achilles could often be heard laughing along with Helen of Sparta by passing boatmen. JUST IN: Putin sends in old men and reserves as Russia 'running low on leaders' Philostratos, a Greek sophist of the Roman imperial period, claimed that Achilles and Helen actually haunt the island together as lovers. This is despite Achilles having been interred on the island alongside his childhood companion and presumed lover, Patroclus. Spencer McDaniel, an amateur scholar of ancient Greek history, in a blog exploring Snake Island, notes: "The stories he tells about their hauntings on the island are simultaneously captivating and bizarre." He references Philostratos's portrayal of a vine tender in Heroïkos 54.10–13, who explains how sailors who anchored at Snake Island "spend the night on the island, but those who are forced to spend the night on their ships while they are anchored there report hearing Achilles and Helen drinking and singing songs together on the island at night." DON'T MISS 'Russia is at war with us' Ex-NATO commander warns of Russia's threat  [REPORT] G7 Summit: 'Total embarrassment' White shirt buddies blasted [INSIGHT] Erdogan could be about to pull rug from under Russia after NATO talks  [ANALYSIS] Other ancient writers also tell stories of people said to have heard "disembodied sounds of horses, the clatter of arms, and the cries of battle at ancient battlefields". In his Periplus of the Euxine Sea, Arrian, a Greek historian, claimed that the birds of Snake Island kept it immaculate with their wings, working to clean its entirety. Of course, the accounts are unverifiable and likely to have been exaggerated in line with the messages behind the stories. Archaeologists have long worked on the islands, having found fragments of ancient Greek pottery, among other things, on its shores. Many fear that much of the island's history could be compromised by Ukrainian airstrikes attempting to recapture the territory. While it has been described as no more than a "speck of land", according to an analysis by the New York Times, the island's position makes it "critical to efforts to control the Black Sea". Because Russia controls Snake Island, the Kremlin could in theory completely cut-off exports from Ukraine’s Black Sea ports, much like Vladimir Putin is hoping to do by taking many of Ukraine's southern port cities. Some experts have suggested that control of the island has also given Russia a good base to control the skies in southern Ukraine. Andy Netherwood, an air defence expert, described the island as an "unsinkable destroyer". He told The Guardian: "Think of it as an unsinkable destroyer, it allows you to dominate the airspace in the northern Black Sea”. Ukraine may have a hard time reclaiming Snake Island back given its near non-existent maritime force, much of its navy lost during the 2014 Crimean annexation. Ukrainian military expert Oleh Zhdanov told the BBC: "If Russian troops succeed in occupying Snake Island and set up their long-range air-defence systems, they will control the sea, land and air in the north-west part of the Black Sea and in the south of Ukraine."