On the most recent episode of the Retirement podcast, host Angellica Bell discussed both pensions and ISAs with Sarah Astley, a qualified financial adviser. Ms Astley gave her opinion on whether pensions are a better saving vehicle for retirement than ISAs as both can provide a boost to one’s retirement fund. An ISA (individual savings account) is a tax-free savings or investment account that allows people to put their money to work. People can maximise the potential returns that they make on their money with an ISA as it is shielded from income tax, tax on dividends and capital gains tax. In the current tax year, people can save up to £20,000 in an ISA. When saving in a lifetime ISA, the Government will top up one’s savings, adding 25 percent up to a maximum of £1,000 each year. Ms Astley said: “They are really useful in terms of making our money grow quicker. READ MORE: State pension freeze: 500,000 expats could lose thousands due to where they live Salary sacrifice enables people to exchange part of their salary for a non-cash benefit from their employer, such as increased pension contributions, but people can also give up salary in return for benefits such as bikes, mobile phones and bus passes. With National Insurance increasing by 1.25 percent in April, salary sacrifice is a way to help people keep more of their hard-earned cash in their pockets. By essentially giving up a portion of someone’s salary, the amount they get paid is reduced – which decreases the amount of income tax and National Insurance they pay. Although take home pay will be reduced, the money will be put into their pension which will benefit them in retirement and less is taken through tax. Ms Astley continued: “If your pension is being funded via means of salary sacrifice arrangement at work, you benefit from National Insurance savings as well as the tax on your income. “So you get a higher rate of tax relief than you would if you used a Lifetime ISA. “What you’re doing essentially is sacrificing part of your salary so it brings down your gross income so you’re paying less tax and less National Insurance. “Whereas with a Lifetime ISA, you put money in and then the Government essentially give you the equivalent of basic rate tax relief.” Britons are urged to check with their employers to see which salary sacrifice schemes are on offer – if any. With salary sacrifice, employers can save on National Insurance contributions and save up to 13.8 percent. They might be persuaded to add this saving to the pension contribution, boosting the amount paid towards people’s pension even more. Rewirement from Legal & General is available weekly from Thursday June 23 on all podcast providers.