TalkTV’s Sharon Osbourne joined her co-star Piers Morgan on Monday to discuss the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry travelled back to California before the pageant began on Sunday after making one public appearance over the Jubilee. However, Sharon claimed the prominent role senior royals played in the celebrations pointed to a secure future for the monarchy. Sharon praised the Jubilee celebrations and revealed she was thrilled to see the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony with Prince Charles, Camilla Parker-Bowles, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their three children. She remarked: “It gave people confidence, that this is the family who will be here after the Queen is no longer here.” “And very deliberately that last scene on the last night when everyone was singing God Save The Queen, she had chosen an iconic moment at the end of the Jubilee,” Piers remarked. “This is the way it’s going to be,” Sharon agreed. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting “This is now the family, this is the streamlined royals, these are the next two monarchs, potentially three next monarchs and this is the way it’s going to be,” Piers continued. Sharon said: “But Charles has said for a long time that he’s going to cut down the people that are on payroll and represent the family. “It’s going to be culled and the thing is I think the Royal Family brings so much to this country. “You look at all of the people from all over the world that came.” Piers vented: “They don’t actually cost us anything! The great myth is that they cost us money.” Elsewhere, Sharon pointed out Boris Johnson received a far frostier reception to the Thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral compared to Meghan and Harry. She commented: “It wasn’t a total boo,” and Piers added: “Not as big as Boris. “But it’s very unusual for any member of the Royal Family to get any sort of booing at that kind of event but they did.” DON'T MISSPiers Morgan furiously hits back as guest rages 'Queen does nothing!' [INSIGHT]Anne Robinson hints at move to TalkTV after quitting Countdown [VIDEO]Piers Morgan rages over MP's claim that 'women can have penises' [INSIGHT] “Yes but it wasn’t anywhere near as bad as Boris you could hear the cheers above the boos,” Sharon stated. “Should we read much into it?” Piers asked. “I got the feeling they basically discovered on this particular trip that they’ve gone from A-list royals to C-list and that’s how the Royal Family are now going to treat them. “They won’t be on the balcony, they won’t be at the top events and they can come and go when they want but they’re no longer going to be working A-list important royals.” “They are of no importance,” Sharon agreed. “They lost their importance, they don't mean anything, the country wasn't that overjoyed. I didn't hear many people go, ‘This is amazing.’” “I don’t think the country really cares very much,” the former Good Morning Britain host said. Sharon continued: “I must say the country didn't react one way or the other. “But the way they kind of came in and went, was a huge signal that I don't think we'll see them here much again.” Piers Morgan Uncensored, TalkTV, 8pm Monday - Friday (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217) and live and on demand on the TalkTV app and at Talk.TV