The hole began to open on Tuesday evening, but as residents watched, a motorcyclist came down the road, saw the hole and attempted to jump. He failed and fell eight feet into the hole. According to residents, he climbed out and told them he needed a taxi before leaving on foot. Mick Stevens, 49, an aerial technician who lives next to the hole, said: "I parked on the road at 9pm and thought 'what the hell is that?' "There were one or two people standing there looking at something. Then a motorbike came speeding along and tried to jump over the hole. He must have thought he was Evel Knievel or something." Speaking to The Telegraph, he added: "He fell into it with this big bike, then got out and started shouting 'I need a taxi, I need a taxi' and then ran off. "The police and fire brigade were here for hours."  The hole is large, covering the entire street. It is thought to be 15 feet wide and 20 feet long. Another resident Cliff Stewart, 53, a London cab driver, told The Telegraph: "No one on our street heard anything but my son drove over it 10 minutes before. He was just getting back from the gym and said to me 'Jesus, I've just drove over it'.” Footage from the scene appeared to show a motorcycle in the hole as residents peered in. Police arrived shortly after and cordoned off the area. Metropolitan Police said there were no reports of any injuries. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals  The hole opened up on Martens Avenue in Bexleyheath, Greater London. Last night the London Fire Brigade released a statement confirming firefighters had also attended the scene. The statement reads: "Firefighters were called at 21:06 last night to a sink hole the depth of 5m in the road on Martens Avenue in Bexleyheath. We helped make the scene safe and the incident was over for crews by 22:28." Other residents told of how they discovered their street had collapsed. Chris Wells, 82, told the Local Democracy Service: "I saw it last night when it happened when all the fire engines turned up. It's not the first time this has happened though, it happened a few years ago. “They had to take the house down completely and their garden disappeared. We don't want any more of these. And it's going to restrict us from getting around."  DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Game-changer' US governor throws weight behind Britain [LIVE]Russia 'can't understand' how Ukraine fighting back 'so rapidly' [ANALYSIS]Met Office storm warning: Homes at risk of FLOODING [REPORT] Other residents confirmed that it wasn’t the first sinkhole to plague the area. One said that a house had “fallen in” due to a sinkhole not far from Martens Avenue. Rachel Mugami, 33, told the Local Democracy Reporting Service: "I didn't see it at first but I saw all the fire engines and stuff. I took the dog out to be nosy and then saw the sinkhole. "It's not the first time it's happened. Literally, just behind this first house a house fell in [due to the previous sinkhole].” Thames Water and Bexleyheath Council were reportedly investigating the cause of the collapse but did not give a reason at this time. 