The Brexit Opportunities Minister has, since being appointed to this new role earlier this year, faced much questioning over the Government’s implementation of the benefits of leaving the EU. He was today mocked for citing cheaper cheese and fish and chips as examples of how our withdrawal from the Brussels bloc is helping Britons. Rachael Venables of LBC put it to the Minister that nationals who are struggling to pay the bills are unlikely to care about some previously cited Brexit benefits, including the removal of restrictions on vacuum cleaners. Mr Rees-Mogg responded: “There was going to be an extra cost of fish fingers because of the way they are imported. “That’s a two percent increase that has been avoided. “There was going to be a 70 percent increase in the cost of some cheese coming in.” He stressed that we have “avoided” these costs “by using our Brexit freedoms, so there are savings to be had”. Miss Venables hit back: “Is that the best you can do, cheese and fish fingers?” The Brexit Opportunities Minister suggested that the questioner had “missed the point”. The point, he said, was that “this is the aggregation of lots and lots of small savings”. READ MORE: Fury erupts in France over ‘anti-Semitic' mural of Macron the puppet But his comments were still to receive a round of mockery, particularly, of course, on social media. Anti-Brexit writer Edwin Hayward noted in a post on Twitter: “Jacob Rees-Mogg calls avoided price increases ‘savings’ even though they leave prices unchanged rather than lower. “And without Brexit, we wouldn't even need to be having the conversation.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Dr Bendor Grosvenor added: “The shamelessness of this. “Deciding not to implement costs and checks which only arise because of Brexit is not 'a Brexit saving’.” Former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib has also criticised the Government for not “getting Brexit done”. But he argued that Mr Rees-Mogg’s “hands are tied” because of the post-Brexit UK-EU agreements signed by the Prime Minister which keep the UK bound to Brussels in a number of key areas. He told Express.co.uk: “Rees-Mogg has a tough job delivering Brexit dividends. His hands are largely tied.” Mr Habib added, however, that there remains areas where the Brexit Opportunities Minister can make a difference, and that he “needs to get on and do it”.