 Belgian King Philippe is scheduled to visit DR Congo on Tuesday after initial plans for the trip were postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Originally, the visit was planned to coincide with the country’s 60 years of independence in June 2020, having been invited by Congolese President Félix Tshisekedi. The Belgian monarch will be accompanied by Queen Mathilde, Prime Minister Alexander De Croo, and other members of the Belgian government.  It will mark the King’s first visit to the DRC since ascending the throne in 2013, and is widely seen as a chance for reconciliation after the atrocities and other abuses committed under Belgian colonial rule. The six-day trip has strong, symbolic significance as it comes two years after Philippe expressed to the Congolese leader his “deepest regrets” for his country’s colonial past and acts of violence and brutality inflicted during his country’s rule over Congo. In a letter to Félix Tshisekedi, the king wrote of “painful episodes” of the two countries’ shared history. Philippe’s ancestor, Léopold II, reigned from 1865 to 1909 and his brutal exploitation of the territory is estimated by some to have caused the deaths of 10 million people.  Without naming Léopold II, King Philippe writes: “During the time of the Congo Free State [1885-1908], acts of violence and brutality were committed that weigh still on our collective memory. “The colonial period that followed also caused suffering and humiliations. “I would like to express my deepest regrets for the wounds of the past, the pain of today, which is rekindled by the discrimination all too present in our society.” Léopold II was forced to relinquish his ownership of Congo in 1908, but the Belgian state ran the country until June 30, 1960.  Belgium ceded control soon after Patrice Lumumba, an independence leader, became Congo’s first democratic prime minister. King Philippe’s letter to President Félix Tshisekedi came in the aftermath of the global Black Lives Matter protests, and up until that point, the Belgian Royal Family had remained silent on the matter. Similar to many other European countries, Belgium was forced to begin grappling with its colonial past. Earlier this year, the British Royal Family was called to apologise for colonialism and pay slavery reparations.  Prince William and his wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, travelled to the Commonwealth realms of the Caribbean as part of Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, but were met with protests multiple times throughout the tour, the call for reparations coming most explicitly from Jamaica and the Bahamas. A letter written on behalf of the Bahamas Reparation Committee as a response to William and Kate's upcoming visit was released, demanding a "full and formal apology" from the governments of Europe for their "crimes against humanity." He said: "I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history. "I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent, and it should never have happened. While the pain runs deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude." DON'T MISSShould Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry [LIVE BLOG]Lilibet stuns royal fans as Sussexes' release birthday snap [INSIGHT]  However, his speech did not deliver the apology that many were hoping for and was subsequently deemed “tone deaf”. Similarly, King Philippe of Belgium’s letter to the DRC president, Félix Tshisekedi, also stopped short of an apology. At the time, Martin Fayulu, a respected opposition politician in the DRC, said it was never too late to recognise past wrongdoing and called for reparations from Belgium. He told The Guardian: “If they recognise now what they did here, then that’s all to the good, but these can’t just be words because that’s what it’s fashionable to say at the moment. “But that’s the past. It’s what they do now that matters.”  King Philippe is expected to make three stops during his visit; the Sovereign will deliver a speech at the first two, in Kinshasa on Wednesday during a ceremony with Tshisekedi at the Congolese parliament, then on Friday before students at the University of Lubumbashi in the south of the country. Belgium is also returning an important artefact to Kinshasa — the capital of the DRC — a tooth which is the last remains of Patrice Lumumba. Mr Lumumba was murdered by Congolese separists and Belgian mercenaries in 1961, and his tooth was reportedly kept as a trophy by one of his killers.  A stop on Wednesday at the National Museum in Kinshasa will also address the issue of the restitution of art objects to the former colony. The Belgian government last year began a program to give back artefacts to the DRC.