Rafael Nadal extended his lead at the top of the men’s all-time Grand Slam standings on Sunday as he defeated Norwegian star Casper Ruud in the French Open final to land his 22nd major title. That victory moved him two ahead of long-term rivals Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer. But, incredibly, the trio have now won more Grand Slam titles together than seven tennis legends combined. Nadal made easy work of his final against Ruud as he lost just six games on his way to a 6-3, 6-3, 6-0 victory, despite being forced to have injections throughout the Paris tournament to ease a long-term foot problem. And unless Djokovic can leapfrog him at the top of the standings in the years ahead, the Spaniard’s record could remain for decades. Nadal, Djokovic and Federer will be forever remembered as three of the greatest tennis players in the history of the game. And their 62 majors between them is one more than Pete Sampras, Bjorn Borg, Andre Agassi, Ivan Lendl, Mats Wilander, John McEnroe and Stefan Edberg managed between them during their illustrious careers. Sampras won 14 Grand Slam titles, with his last one coming at the US Open in 2002. And the American, who never got his hands on the French Open trophy, had been tipped by many at the time to hold onto his record as the most successful men’s player in history before the current top three title winners overtook him at a canter. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic 'cracking' as ex-tennis star points out one major change he's noticed  Bjorn, meanwhile, finished his career with 11 major titles, with six of those coming at the French Open and five coming at Wimbledon. Agassi and Lendl both ended their careers with eight majors to their name - but Agassi managed it in style as he completed a career Grand Slam by winning the Australian Open, French Open, Wimbledon and US Open. Wilander and McEnroe managed seven Grand Slams apiece, with the Swedish star winning every tournament apart from Wimbledon, while the American tasted success three times at SW19 and four times at his home tournament. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic's coach makes Wimbledon prediction after Rafael Nadal's French Open triumphRafael Nadal French Open glory causes tennis greats to change Novak Djokovic GOAT verdictRafael Nadal to have 'procedure' this week as French Open winner discusses Wimbledon plans    The success of Nadal, Djokovic and Federer is even more remarkable due to the fact they have all played during the same era. And they have come up against each other in major finals time and time again over the best part of the last two decades. Federer’s days at the top of the game are long gone, while Nadal could struggle to reproduce his best tennis for much longer amid his injury problems. So Djokovic, who was in the form of his life last year, could realistically move ahead of Nadal before he calls time on his playing career. But one thing is for sure - tennis fans may never see three such dominant players at the same time ever again. 