Liverpool new boy Darwin Nunez is set to join the Reds over the coming days in a deal worth up to £90million. But former star Luis Suarez claims the club could have saved £70m on him had he shared his advice to sign him when he was at Almeria. Nunez has starred for Benfica over the past two years with 48 goals in 85 appearances - 34 of those coming this season. His displays have seen him earn rave reviews from clubs across the continent, with Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpool all being linked with moves for his signature. With Liverpool set to sign him for a club record fee, fans across the world will be looking on with intrigue as to how he copes with life on Merseyside as one of the world's most expensive players. However, former striker Suarez has claimed that they could have bought him for just one-quarter of that price three years ago when he was at Almeria. “I recommended Darwin to Barcelona when he was at Almeria," Suarez told Gerard Romero via Twitch. "I have 15 years of international experience. I know a thing or two about forwards. “I told them, ‘pay attention to this one, he’s very good, he shows interesting things’. They told me he was at Almeria and that he was too young. But instead of paying now €80m, €90m or €100m, they would’ve paid €15m or €20m and have him there as a substitute." Suarez is international teammates with Nunez, who both ply their trade for the Uruguay national team. Nunez's relatively lacklustre record of two goals in 11 games has seen him fall way short of the ratio Suarez has clocked up, who has 68 goals in 132 games for La Celeste. However, at the age of just 22, Nunez will be expecting to come close to the record set by the controversial Atletico Madrid striker. Harry Kane gave his reaction to the imminent signing by claiming he will enjoy the competition set out by Nunez and Manchester City new boy Erling Haaland. “The battle for the Golden Boot’s always tough,” the Tottenham striker told Football Daily. “The Premier League has produced some top strikers across the world for a number of years now. Every season that I’ve been playing it’s always been a tough battle to win that Golden Boot. “You expect the top strikers to want to play in the Premier League. With those two new signings that’s going to be the case. I think it helps, it helps me as a player to have good competition, it drives me to improve and get better, so for sure I look forward to the challenge.”