Liverpool have laughed off a second bid from Bayern Munich for their superstar forward Sadio Mane after the offer reportedly included add-ons which would only be paid if the Senegal international won a hat-trick of Ballon d’Ors. Mane, who has one year remaining on his Reds contract, looks set to call time on his Liverpool career this summer and head for Germany.  Mane has been an instrumental part of Jurgen Klopp’s side since arriving on Merseyside from Southampton in 2016. And during his time at Anfield, the 30-year-old has become a Champions League, Premier League and Club World Cup winner, while bagging an incredible 120 goals and 48 assists in 269 games. Last season he helped his side win the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup after starring in both finals. But he has been reluctant to pen a new deal in the north west, with Munich appearing to be his next destination. Bayern had an initial £21million offer rejected by Liverpool at the start of the week. And, according to The Mirror, Munich's transfer chief Hasan Salihamidzic has now been told in no uncertain terms that his club’s approach is insulting after they returned with a £30m bid, which included the Ballon d’Or add-ons. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd target Tielemans opens door for Leicester exit   Mane scored in both legs of Liverpool’s Champions League semi-final victory over Villarreal but couldn’t find the back of the net in the final as the Reds lost 1-0 to Real Madrid at the end of the last campaign. The ace then linked-up with the Senegal squad ahead of their African Cup of Nations qualifying clashes with Benin and Rwanda. He scored a hat-trick against Benin on Saturday as his country won the contest 3-1, before slotting home a penalty seven minutes into stoppage time as Senegal defeated Rwanda 1-0 on Tuesday night. And by the time he returns to club football, he could be plying his trade away from the Premier League. DON'T MISS England player ratings vs Germany: Four players struggle in draw Arsenal star Saka offered Man City transfer advice by Theo Walcott Man City respond to Bukayo Saka Arsenal transfer rumours    Bayern could increase their offer once again in a third attempt to wrestle the player away from Liverpool. But it appears they will need to come to the table with something more substantial if they are to persuade the Reds to part company with the star. “He’s in brilliant shape and it’s a joy to watch him at the moment in training and in the games,” Klopp said of Mane ahead of the Champions League final. “We ask him a lot, football asks him a lot this year, incredible long season, lot of finals and these kind of things so for sure it’s one of the most successful so far for him and for us. The Bayern Munich rumours I couldn’t care less in the moment.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 