Michael Mosley revealed the two exercises he does every day in order to stay fit. He explained the importance of combining aerobic workouts and resistance training as part of a healthy routine that could promote weight loss for those wanting to shed a few pounds. NHS guidance currently recommends that a person partakes in muscle-strengthening activities that work all the major muscle groups at least twice a week. It is also recommended that people should do 150 minutes per week of moderate-intensity aerobic activity. On an episode of his BBC Radio 4 podcast Just One Thing, he told listeners: "I do love walking and cycling, and I also make myself do the occasional run. "But just one thing I would recommend you try fitting in to your daily life are press-ups and squats." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake He continued: "I do them first thing when I get out of bed because I know if I don't do them then I'll probably forget to do them later in the day. "They give you a full-body workout, help your heart and may even boost your brainpower – amazing." The best part about these exercises is that they require no equipment at all. Dr Mosley went on to tell listeners of the potential benefits of doing regular press-ups. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He referenced a study conducted in the United States, where researches analysed the fitness of a group of firefighters. Findings showed that if a person in their late 30s is able to do 40 or more press-ups in one go they are "far less likely" to have a heart attack in the next 10 years than those who could manage fewer than 10. With this in mind, Dr Mosley said it is very "important" to build strength over time to avoid injury. For those just starting out, he suggested taking things slow and beginning doing press-ups with the knees on the ground before progressing. Push-ups can help muscle gain and gaining muscles can aid in weight loss. Health Canal stated that muscles have more resting metabolism than fat mass, which means the rate at which a person burns calories at rest is more with muscles than fat. Therefore, if people have more muscle mass, the higher their resting metabolic rate. Plus, if people incorporate them as part of their regular exercise routine, they can burn enough calories to shed the pounds over time. Squats are also a valuable exercise to add into a routine. By adding weights, the intensity of the movement increases which causes an acceleration in a person's metabolism. This movement allows the body to burn through calories to repair the muscles they've used. It's important to seek advice from a doctor before taking on any new activity.