Speaking about special royal dishes on BBC One this afternoon, Strictly Come Dancing judge Len Goodman sparked uproar after referring to curry powder as "foreign muck". The BBC star was accompanied by chef John Torode as they tried the specially made Platinum Pudding trifle. Chatting about recipes created for the Queen's milestones, Len said he had only tried coronation chicken the day before. He said: "My wife did coronation chicken yesterday, for tea and I've never had it before. "No, I've never had, you know, curry and curry powder. No. My Nan used to call it all foreign muck so I was worried about it. But I must say it was delicious. It was so tasty. "So yeah, I had my first sampling of coronation chicken yesterday." Read More: Platinum Jubilee trifle recipe: The ingredients you need Len's comments sparked fury online, with social media users quick to condemn the star. Twitter user @ChantelleEJ tweeted: "Petition to get the BBC and Len Goodman to apologise for his choice of words calling Coronation Chicken “foreign muck” in the words of his nan, apparently. "Appalling and NO excuses because of his age. We forgive older generations for things like this too much. #PlatinumJubile [sic]" Another going by @ClaudiaBoleyn said: "Not Len Goodman lovingly quoting how his nan referred to curry as 'foreign muck' and that's why he's nervous of it now. This on the BBC Jubilee coverage." User @tashamawerx said: "Can't believe Len Goodman referred to curry as 'foreign muck' on live TV and no one even apologised for it?!" And @ChadwinnCloete tweeted: "A bit in shock about #lengoodman calling curry powder foreign muck. Genuinely cant believe I just heard that on BBC 1". Coronation chicken was created for the banquet of the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953. Today it remains a popular addition to buffet tables and sandwiches across the UK. The recipe is typically made with mayonnaise, curry powder, sultanas, shredded chicken, cinnamon and sometimes mango chutney. The dish was invented during the 1953 preparations for the Queen's coronation banquet by Le Cordon Bleu cookery school founder and writer Constance Spry. Ms Spry was thought to have been inspired by a dish served for the jubilee celebrations of King George V in 1953, ‘Jubilee chicken’. Following the trend of creating dishes for iconic royal moments, baker Jemma Melvin won a contest with her Platinum Pudding to represent the 2022 Platinum Jubilee. Her pudding is a lemon Swiss roll and Amaretti trifle and includes lemon curd, jelly, Amaretti biscuits and custard. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment.