Lewis Hamilton, 37, has been forced to respond after Nelson Piquet, 69, used a racist slur to describe the F1 driver on a podcast. Omid Scobie, 40, a journalist and co-author of Meghan Markle's Finding Freedom, has taken to Twitter to demand that the FIA take "punitive action" against the former F1 driver. Omid took to Twitter to respond to Lewis' initial Twitter message about the incident. Lewis wrote in view of his 7.4 million Twitter followers: "It’s more than language. "These archaic mindsets need to change and have no place in our sport. "I’ve been surrounded by these attitudes and targeted my whole life. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux "There has been plenty of time to learn. Time has come for action." Omid took to Twitter to respond in view of his 88,700 followers. He penned: "This is after former F1 driver Nelson Piquet (whose daughter is in a relationship with Max Verstappen) used the n-word and other slurs about Hamilton on a podcast. "The @fia needs to take punitive action, including banning this racist from attending future races." Omid's tweet relates to Nelson's comment regarding the accident between Hamilton and Red Bull driver Max Verstappen on the first lap of last year's British Grand Prix. He described the incident as "a joke", while adding that Hamilton was "lucky" that only Verstappen crashed. Nelson used a racial slur when he expressed his opinion on Hamilton's mistake. Nelson is the father of Verstappen's partner, Kelly Piquet. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker addresses ‘difficult’ issue working with Alex Scott [INSIGHT] Adil Ray vocalises backs Lewis Hamilton after Piquet's racist remarks [COMMENT] ‘Funny way of showing it’ Dan Walker hits out at Nick Kyrgios’ rant [OPINION] Since the incident, FIA have released a statement, which read: "The FIA strongly condemns any racist or discriminatory language and behaviour, which have no place in sport or wider society. "We express our solidarity with Lewis Hamilton and fully support his commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion in motor sport." A seperate statement read: "Discriminatory or racist language is unacceptable in any form and has no part in society. "Lewis is an incredible ambassador for our sport and deserves respect. "His tireless efforts to increase diversity and inclusion are a lesson to many and something we are committed to at F1." Express.co.uk has approached Nelson Piquet's representatives for comment.