The Duke of Cambridge is believed to be very close to Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, reportedly spend "a lot of time" away from the spotlight with the Wessexes. While speaking about the Duke's relationship with some of his relatives, royal editor Rebecca English wrote in the Daily Mail: "He is also a great champion of the Earl and Countess of Wessex, his uncle Prince Edward and his dependable wife, Sophie. "The two families spend a lot of time together privately." William isn't the only member of the Firm to be very close to the Wessexes. The Queen has been widely reported to consider the Countess one of her favourite royals and confidants. A courtier told The Sun last year: "If you’re asking who is Her Majesty’s favourite child, it’s none of them, it’s her daughter-in-law." Another source claimed the monarch finds Sophie's presence "soothing", a reason why she is often chosen by the Queen to accompany her to church when they are both in Balmoral or Sandringham. The close bond between the sovereign and Sophie became apparent in the wake of the death of Prince Philip in April last year. The Countess was the first royal to speak publicly about his death and how the Queen was coping. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond Her Majesty is also believed to be close to the Wessexes' children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Louise's artistic skills and James's love for fly fishing and the family stay at Balmoral are believed to be some of the reasons why the sovereign is particularly close to these grandchildren. Lady Louise also shared a unique bond with Prince Philip, as she took after him the love for carriage driving. Sophie and Edward are among the 11 royals currently completing royal duties on behalf of the Crown. The number of working members of the Firm is set to be reduced during the future reign of Prince Charles, according to his widely reported - but never confirmed - vision of a streamlined monarchy. And, according to a source, Prince William is "absolutely on the same page as his father, always has been" when it comes to this issue. Despite being "very close" to his cousins Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie and "even closer" to Princess Anne's children, the Duke is unlikely to call them into the royal fold to carry out public duties in the future. A source told the publication: "He is very close to his cousins, Beatrice and Eugenie, but these women have their own families and careers and he believes this is a very good thing. "He is even closer to Zara and Peter and admires the lives they have built outside of the family. "They will always be included in family moments, but that's very different from having royal roles." Indeed, the royal cousins came out in force during the Platinum Jubilee weekend, showing how close they are during a number of events held to celebrate the Queen's historic 70 years on the throne. All the cousins, most of their children and older royals watched together the Trooping the Colour parade which took place on June 2. On the following day, Her Majesty's eight grandchildren attended together the service at St Paul's Cathedral. And they attended on the last two days of the Jubilee the Party at the Palace and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie also attended a Big Lunch initiative in the Westminster borough, where they met locals celebrating the sovereign and coming together with their community.