He was pictured receiving the honour from Prince Charles on behalf of the Queen at Windsor Castle. Sir David was knighted by the Queen in 1985. The latest accolade is an even more prestigious honour. It was awarded for his services to television broadcasting and conservation. The accolade recognises Sir David's numerous documentaries about the natural world, alongside his climate change campaigning. The news was first announced as part of the Queen's Birthday Honours List. Sir David has made countless celebrated documentaries, including The Green Planet and A Plastic Ocean. His latest honour comes after the 96-year-old made an appearance at the Platinum Jubilee concert. A clip of the climate campaigner was projected onto Buckingham Palace while Prince William praised the efforts of "visionary environmentalists". The Duke of Cambridge also expressed pride at his grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh, and his father, Prince Charles, for their environmental campaigning. Alongside Sir David, Snow Patrol singer Gary Lightbody collected his OBE for services to music and for charity in Northern Ireland. Actor Toby Jones also received his OBE for services to drama.  Speaking about the Queen's Birthday Honours List, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "This year's honours recipients are a testament to the sort of country we are - caring, compassionate and resolute in the face of a global pandemic. "The hard work and dedication of these local, often unsung heroes has helped carry us through. I congratulate them all." In Windsor on Wednesday, as well as Sir David, Snow Patrol singer Gary Lightbody collected his OBE for services to music and to charity in Northern Ireland, while actor Toby Jones also received the same accolade for services to drama. Sir David has also been nominated for this year's Nobel Peace Prize. Pope Francis, the World Health Organisation and Alexei Navalny have also been nominated. Prince Charles stood in for the Queen at the investiture ceremony, which took place at Windsor Castle earlier today. The 73-year-old royal has been standing in for the monarch at an increasing number of engagements as a result of her health issues. She is understood to be suffering from "episodic mobility issues".