The Queen is not in attendance at today’s Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, and is instead watching the special ceremony from her home in Windsor Castle. Her Majesty reluctantly pulled out of the Platinum Jubilee event, having experienced “some discomfort” during her Trooping the Colour appearance. As previously stated by Buckingham Palace, the 96-year-old Sovereign has been suffering from “episodic mobility issues” meaning that her attendance at events throughout the four-day weekend will be confirmed on the day. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Her absence from today’s event has raised questions about whether she will be at the Royal Derby at Epsom Downs on Saturday. The Derby is one of the Queen’s favourite fixtures in the royal calendar, but it has been reported that the monarch will miss the races as her health issues have taken a toll. However, another suspected reason for Her Majesty’s absence is so she can attend another important event instead. Lilibet Diana, the daughter of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, celebrates her first birthday on Saturday, and it has been reported that a party will be thrown for her at Frogmore Cottage — where the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are staying.  Speaking on Thursday’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, host Zoe Forsey said: “Saturday is the horses [the Royal Derby] but we don’t think that she [the Queen] is going to go now because there is talk of Lilibet’s first birthday party.” Jennifer Newton, the Daily Mirror’s royal features writer, added: “The Queen had been expected to go to the Epsom Derby tomorrow, but she doesn’t have any runners in the races, which is a shame. There have been reports that Princess Anne will represent the Queen. “And it is Lilibet’s birthday on Saturday, and obviously she is over here [in the UK] with her mum and dad.” Frogmore Cottage is just a 10-minute stroll away from the Queen’s primary residence in Windsor, making Lilibet’s first birthday party a much easier destination to get to than the Royal Derby — located 27 miles away. While nothing has been confirmed, it has been reported that the monarch is keen to spend time with the Sussexes’ children. It had previously been speculated that the birthday party would be the two Lilibets’ first meeting, but it has now emerged that the Queen has already met her namesake. Meghan and Harry introduced their daughter to the monarch during a private event at Windsor on Thursday. Lilibet had never visited her father’s home country, so had never been introduced to the majority of her royal relatives, while three-year-old Archie Harrison, the Sussexes’ son, had not returned to the UK since the duke and duchess’ shock exit in 2020. Although the Queen is not going to be present at the St Paul’s service today, other members of the Royal Family will be in attendance — including Meghan and Harry, and potentially their two children. It will mark their first official royal outing since stepping down from their senior positions and relocating to the US. The couple have kept a low-profile since they arrived in the UK, and were only spotted briefly during Trooping the Colour on Thursday. Lilibet and Archie have not yet been seen publicly, but both Ms Forsey and Ms Newton “hope” that the Jubilee service will give royal watchers a glimpse of the Sussex children. Harry’s older brother, Prince William and his wife, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will also be in attendance with their three children — Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. William and Harry reunited for the first time publicly during the Queen’s birthday parade, having not seen each other since they unveiled a statue of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. It has been reported that Kate and William will not be guests at Lilibet’s birthday party, as the couple are set to be in Wales. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will visit Cardiff Castle as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations.