Kate Middleton stepped out wearing a beautiful blue coat dress and matching hat and jewellery for today’s Order of the Garter Service at Winsdor Castle. The Duchess of Cambridge appeared alongside Sophie, Countess of Wessex who contrasted Kate’s outfit in a pale pink dress. Kate stuck with her traditional style; a belted coat dress with an A-line skirt in bright blue. The dress had long sleeves with buttons on the cuffs, a fit and flare silhoutte and a flattering open neckline to showcase her necklace. She chose a beautiful teardrop hat for the occasion. It is said to be designed by Juliette Botterill Millinery London. The Floral Leaf Teardrop is priced at £560, and has a woven straw base and is “adorned with an array of silk roses, rosebuds, leaves, and silk abaca bow”. READ MORE: Kate & Meghan step out in same Zarita dress years apart - pictures The jewellery Kate chose is said to be by G. Collins & Sons - a family run company that has a Royal warrant of appointment from Her Majesty the Queen. The earrings and necklace were similar to her engagement ring, and are from the Tanzanite Necklace and Earrings set. The stud earrings feature an inverted pear-shaped  tanzanite stone, surrounded by small round diamonds, set in platinum. They are priced at £6,100. DON'T MISS...Best way to store lettuce - fresh and crispy for 3 weeks [HACK]Look younger: Beauty fans praise £16 ‘natural facelift’ massage roller [REVIEW]Interior tips: Why you need to use a compass when painting rooms white [EXCLUSIVE] The matching necklace features an inverted pear-shaped 6.3 carat tanzanite pendant, surrounded by .87 carat of diamonds, set in platinum. It is priced at £8,400. The item is made to order and has a slim headband in the colour of your hair, designed for discretion. On her feet were a pair of Aquazzura slingback heels, believed to be the Love Link Sling 105 design. They are currently avaialble for £810 and come in six colours, including the blue Kate wore. The product description for the heels reads: “The Love Link Sling is a timeless silhouette with a bit of an edge. “Made in Italy from soft gros grain in blueberry, the towering style narrows into a sharp, pointy toe and is finished with a glossy, heart-shaped chain at the heel.” The final accessory was a blue bag - the same scalloped bag she was recently spotted with during the Carribbean tour. Her bag, jewellery and shoes combined are worth £15,870. Royal fans rushed to social media to comment. One said: “Our first look at the Duchess of Cambridge as she attends Garter Day!Doesn’t she look gorgeous? Wow Catherine.” “The Duchess of Cambridge is looking beautiful in blue today!” A second said. Someone else wrote: “Love this shade on the Duchess of Cambridge, and her matching jewellery - such a gorgeous look!”