Clive (played by Geoff Paine) has been enjoying a romance with Jane Harris (Annie Jones) over the past year on Neighbours and it seems the couple have been unbreakable. With Shelia Canning (Colette Mann) now living in America, there is no chance she will ruin things for the happy pair but there could be something else on the horizon to bring their romance to an end. As Jane's children do some digging into the Channel 5 soap stalwart, they could end up forcing him out of Ramsay Street if they discover what he has been hiding from their mother. The drama begins during next week's episodes as newcomer Byron Stone (Joe Klocek), who is Jane's prodigal son, joins his family for a dinner. This is the first time he will be meeting Clive but he is disturbed when he seems to recognise the man's voice and this leads him to wonder if the doctor is cheating on his mother. Byron has been harbouring the secret from his loved ones he is a gigolo and he recognises the medical professional's voice as someone who knows his client, Danielle. Needing to find out what the connection is between his mother's partner and his client, he ends up turning detective. Nicolette Stone (Charlotte Chimes) is also turning sleuth at the same time to find out some information of her own but her brother soon needs her help. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Although his secret is at risk of being exposed, he tells Nicolette they need to find out if Clive is cheating on Jane. It's frustrating when he doesn't seem to get the answers he wants, leading him to doubt his suspicions about the doctor. With the brother and sister putting their differences aside for the sake of their mother, it seems they could stumble across some more information about Clive. What it could be is the soap stalwart is actually related to Danielle as she is his secret wife who he spends half of his time with. This could explain why he is not seen as much as other characters because he needs to keep up appearances with his wife. Danielle might know her husband is seeing another woman as she is allowed to sleep with gigolos, meaning they have an open relationship. However, Clive won't have told Jane about this and she might think quite differently about being in a relationship with a married man. Presenting the information to their mother, Byron and Nicolette would tell Jane to leave Clive and expose his secret life to their neighbours. Having been such a respected member of the Ramsay Street community, the residents of Erinsborough would be horrified to learn he has kept them all in the dark. Turning their backs on the doctor, Clive could feel cast out and could contemplate leaving to move away with his other half. DON'T MISS...Neighbours' Alan Fletcher unveils extravagant gift from Margot Robbie [COMMENT]Neighbours' Alan Fletcher responds to health concerns [COMMENT]Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [ANALYSIS] Although he would want Jane to forgive him, he would also understand what he did was extremely hurtful and would respect she wouldn't want to see him. Saying goodbye to the likes of the Kennedy family and the Brennan-Tanaka clan, he would apologise for keeping them in the dark. With the show ending this summer, Clive could be one of the cast members making an early exit before the feature-length finale. Despite being one of the longest-serving characters on the show, his intermittence over the past couple of years could mean he doesn't need to be a part of the final episodes. It could be his secret life might have developed during his time away from Ramsay Street between the years of 1989 and 2017. Speaking about the years he was absent from the show, the actor who plays Clive, Geoff, has always wanted to explore what happened to his character. The actor explained: "It’s interesting to find out how they fill in the missing decades because he did start out as a bit of a rebel and a free spirit. "Trying to break away from a conservative life and then the question is what has happened in the past 30 years to make him the serious type. "It comes out in him from time to time, the cheekiness of Clive of old and the playfulness and it’s lovely to see it. "There was nothing he wouldn’t have a crack at back in the day," he told RadioTimes.com. There is exactly one month left of Neighbours before the finale feature-length episode airs on August 1, 2022, on Channel 5. Celebrating the past, present and future of the residents of Ramsay Street, there is plenty in store for fans of old and new. With more than 20 characters making a comeback ahead of the finale, it is going to be a busy month for the show's characters. First up is Harold Bishop (Ian Smith), who returns to the show next week after more than seven years away from his friends. He will try to help Mackenzie Hargreaves (Georgie Stone) with her grief and Toadie Rebecchi (Ryan Maloney) with his relationships. But will he have a hand in helping Clive with his secret? Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.