She was proving her naysayers both in her own party and in the opposition wrong and she finally got the chance to voice her unbridled delight during the question-and-answer session when she gleefully challenged the UK Government to "call her bluff" and call a referendum if they believed they could win. It was childish playground taunting exercised with the confidence that they would not rise to the challenge. Nicola Sturgeon was in her Neverland where the grass is greener, the wind blows constantly (to keep the power on) the money trees grow abundantly, and she is a world leader basking in the wondrous respect of her new masters in the EU. The statement was a roller coaster of practiced emotions - when she wasn’t being smug and self-satisfied, she rolled out the angry anti-Tory arguments trying to pitch a vote for separation as a fight against the Conservatives. Miss Patronising appeared as she dismissed Labour and the Lib Dems as irrelevant because they hadn’t committed to re-joining the EU. Then she was Miss Conciliatory, the medicine is for your own good, I want to make your life better and give you everything, surely only those with a brain can’t understand how marvellous leaving the most successful union in history will be. Ms Sturgeon lifted her energy as her minions clapped enthusiastically, she confidently told us that breaking up the UK will solve all our problems. Then in slipped a moment of reality – ‘Independence won’t always be easy’ – but no we won’t dwell on that when breaking up the UK will make Scotland Wealthier, Healthier and Fairer. No definitions of course as to what that actually means, they will come later in a series of papers. Whilst Nicola Sturgeon crowed about the billions of pounds they are spending on the Scottish Child payments she made no mention of the fact that they are linked to Universal Credit as the vehicle for delivering them or indeed that setting up the Scottish Social Security System to administer the small number of devolved payments has cost more than the SNP estimated for setting up an independent country. There was no explanation on currency or how the fiscal deficit will be dealt with. No talk of borders other than an indication that she would want mass immigration (she obviously hasn’t appreciated that the immigration figures are still high but for some reason they are not coming to Scotland.) Now is the time, she said three times trying to sound passionate and leaderlike. With the country struggling to recover from the pandemic, a cost of living crisis, rising inflation as the economic stability of the World falters, and the British Forces on alert for possible war with Russia, one might be forgiven for wondering exactly why on earth now is the time. Ms Sturgeons table thumping cries that the people of Scotland must be respected seems a little hollow when polls show that two thirds don’t think now is the time and the opposition parties were quick to point out that this could be considered precisely the wrong time. But Ms Sturgeon wants us to believe that the people have spoken because she won the most seats at the election. We are to forget the plea at the last election that voting SNP wasn’t about another Indyref, we should also forget the fact that the majority of votes went to parties who don’t support breaking up the UK, and finally forget that Ms Sturgeon doesn’t have a majority in the Scottish Parliament without the Green Meanies. Of course, if you were being cynical, you might think the little gremlins in her head were shouting now is the time because if you don’t do it now your followers will desert you, oh and by the way Missy you might not win the next election because everything you govern is a mess and the people of Scotland cannot be fooled all of the time. What was clear, even despite Nicola Sturgeon's desperation to claim credit for the process, was that her attempts to legitimately make October 19 2023 another referendum day is not her decision. Something she has known all along. The Lord Advocate was clearly not able to legally sign off the long awaited Referendum Bill. But Ms Sturgeon excitedly informed Parliament that she had found a solution. To legitimise her actions and skip the inevitable legal challenges she would send the argument straight to the Supreme Court.   Enter the Lord Advocate, no, sorry she wasn’t present to as that might have led to some awkward questions, instead Ms Sturgeon was back in smug mode as she announced that the Lord Advocate had told her that she was issuing the papers today. Well, I am sure we all nearly fell off our chairs in surprise that the Lord Advocate had decided to follow Ms Sturgeon's wheeze. Finally we arrived at the crux of the statement when Ms Sturgeon advised Parliament that if the Supreme Court found the Bill to be illegal it would be Westminster’s fault. Yes, angry Nicola was back, if her wishes were defied, she would take her party to the next General Election on one question, making the General Election a de facto referendum. So there it was, an announcement to announce that the SNP would fight the next election on Indy Ref2. Ms Sturgeon railing against some perceived injustice, stamping her proverbial foot and trotting out those well-rehearsed gripes. Today’s narrative was vote SNP at the next election and keep me in my job delivered by a clever politician who is running out of ideas. After nearly nine years as First Minister the best inspiration Nicola Sturgeon could offer her movement today is I’ll go and check if we can do it and if not we can blame Westminster. I’m guessing blind faith is the watchword for the Indy movement as Nicola Sturgeon once again kicks the SNPs dreams down the road. 