Camille Vasquez, 38, was an associate in Johnny Depp's legal team who was vital in helping him win the case against Amber Heard. When the verdict was first announced Camille could be seen turning to her colleagues with tears in her eyes whilst smiling, as she murmured "we won". Camille hugged her colleagues after winning the defamation trial against Amber. Speaking outside the courthouse in Virginia, she said: "Today’s verdict confirms what we have said from the beginning – that the claims against Johnny Depp are defamatory and unsupported by any evidence. "We are grateful, so grateful to the jury for their careful deliberation." Fans have taken to Twitter throughout the trial to praise the lawyer for her work in helping the Pirates of the Caribbean star. JohnnyDepp9111 said: "Camille Vasquez is a real Wonder Woman , Thank you Camille." J9lovemax added: "Camille Vasquez turns in her seat, with tears in her eyes and a smile. "She looked at her team and mouthed the words "we won". Precious, priceless, powerful." C_h_i_a_r_i_a_ commented: "The most satisfying and heartwarming thing I've seen in a while is Camille Vasquez getting emotional after the Depp trial verdict. she really put her heart and soul into this case." Catmama_sam added: "Camille Vasquez, fierce protector of the innocent, a warrior for survivors. We love you." Johnny won his case against Amber as she was ordered to pay the actor $15m in damages. The jury also awarded the Aquaman actress $2m for one part of her own counterclaim, that Johnny's lawyer had called her abuse allegations against her ex-husband a hoax. Johnny was suing Amber over a 2018 article in the Washington Post, in which she claimed to have become a figure representing domestic abuse, after filing a restraining order against the Pirates of the Caribbean actor. She didn’t name Johnny, but he says he was the implied abuser and that it cost him acting jobs including his famous role of Captain Jack Sparrow. Johnny was not in court today, as he has been in the UK with Jeff Beck on tour, with ex-girlfriend Kate Moss joining him for last night's performance. Minutes before photos emerged on Twitter of Johnny at a pub in Newcastle.