The 63-year-old presenter said he "misses" the popular BBC series, which ran from 2002 to 2020. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the antique dealer said he is glad he still gets to see familiar faces from the show in his other projects. Paul was the face of Flog It! since it began, but the show came to an end in 2020 after 18 years. "I miss it," Paul remarked. "I get to see the experts and the auctioneers because we work together on the Antiques Road Trip." He added: "It's a small industry, there's not that many people coming into the industry. "It's a hard game to get into." Reflecting on the series and why it was so popular, he continued: "We did 1,500 shows. READ MORE: ‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change "Everybody in the audience at home liked to get the value and they like to see the surprises in the auction. "I think it resolved itself as a show really, really well. "With an auction at the end, you know exactly what we've done here - it sort of had a proper start, a middle and a finish which is great TV." He added: "I've made so many wonderful memories of being in submarines and helicopters going to almost every stately home in the country, every National Trust property, museums.  "I've met curators, collectors, master craftspeople. It's been absolutely amazing. "It's been a good 18 years. A dream life for me - absolutely amazing, I wish it had never stopped." Besides Flog It!, Martin has also starred in Antiques Road Trip. He had also hosted the Countryfile spin-off shows Summer Diaries and Autumn Diaries as well as Trust Me I'm A Dealer and Paul Martin's Homemade Revolution. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ardal O'Hanlon opens up on off-screen 'parties' [LATEST]Nick Ferrari unleashes furious travel rant over 'hellish' airlines [VIDEO]Suggs details warning from Royal Family member during Jubilee act [INTERVIEW] Talking about his new Channel 5 series, Big Antique Adventure with Susan Calman, Martin had only good things to say about his new colleague. Speaking about comedian Susan, he commented: "I starred in many shows, hundreds under my belt, but there's always something to learn. And I learned lots from her. "She's fun, she's witty, she's sharp. I first met her, actually, about two-and-a-half years ago on Richard Osman's House of Games. "We were paired up together and then we got on so well. "[Her] enthusiasm is infectious. She's the best - she's the best presenter I've worked with." The antique genius went on: "And, you know, she doesn't mind making a fool of herself and we've all made fools of ourselves on telly. "You know, she's a real trooper and she learns very, very quickly." Big Antique Adventure with Susan Calman is available to watch on My5.