Novak Djokovic has made a sad confession about his marriage to wife Jelena, revealing that it can be "stressful" at times to be married to him. In an unearthed interview, the tennis pro, 35, admitted that his wife of eight years "doesn't enjoy it at all times" as he spoke about having the spirit animal of a wolf, but went on to praise her for being his "great support" when he's playing on the court. Novak, who played at Wimbledon this week as the SW19 competition starts, has been banned from the US Open over a political dispute regarding his refusal of the Covid-19 vaccine. However, last year he played in the tournament and had the support of his wife Jelena, who was wearing a T-shirt with his face inside the silhouette of a wolf. The slogan on the shirt read: "I run with my wolf." Novak has since opened up about what the eyebrow-raising phrase might mean, admitting a relationship with him can be difficult. READ NOW: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux "She runs with the wolf,” the Serbian ace explained simply at his on-court interview in Flushing Meadow. "It can be very stressful to run with the wolf. I know that she doesn’t enjoy it at all times. “It’s kind of living on the edge with the wolf," he said. However, the tennis ace added appreciatively: "I love her, she’s my great support.” He previously told the world at an earlier Wimbledon tournament that wolves were his spirit animal. Novak said: "I’ve seen some wolves when I was a kid roaming the forests of the mountain where I grew up. “That encounter left me frightened [but] even more connected with wolves. There is a connection, I personally feel it." He added that he has since tried to conjure up the primal energy of the wolf when he is in need of it on the court.  Explaining that he "carries" wolf traits within him, he added: “That dynamic energy sometimes turns into a roar or an outburst." However, he added, in spite of his wife sometimes struggling with him, that it’s "useful energy". Meanwhile Jelena, who has been married to the sporting star for the past eight years, has also spoken out about being married to the tennis champion. She revealed that losing her privacy and becoming well known as a WAG on the sport circuit "can bring some difficulties". She said: "We look at public figures and think that kind of publicity is okay. "But as time goes on, you lack anonymity, you lack the privacy to be able to do whatever you like at any time, in any situation." “I try to resist all these expectations to always be myself and for Novak to be able to be himself," she told Vesti Online. Jelena is committed to her relationship with Novak, whom she first met when the pair were in high school in Serbia together. 