British tennis icon Andy Murray defeated 20-year-old Brandon Nakashima 6-4 7-6 (7-1) in the quarter-finals of the Surbiton Trophy. The former World No. 1 is using the event to warm up for Wimbledon, and he will face Dennis Kudla in the semi-final. Murray, the top-seeded player at the tournament, booked his place against Nakashima after defeating Gijs Brouwer in straight sets on Thursday. He continued his fine form to secure the win over Nakashima, but the three-time Grand Slam champion was certainly made to work for his success. The two men traded blows in the first set as it played out as expected with the players holding serve well. Nakashima, the fifth-highest ranking player under the age of 21 in the world, was proving to be a difficult opponent. In the fourth game, Murray played a spectacular drop shot as Nakashima threatened to break the Brit. He held serve, but the American bounced back and duly took the fifth game to lead 3-2. READ MORE: Nadal downplays Grand Slam race as he makes Djokovic and Federer claim Murray soon levelled the opening set before he battled hard to take Nakashima to deuce on the young American’s serve. A double fault gifted Murray a break point - and he took it with a brilliant return to secure the first break of the game. The Scot eased through his service game as Nakashima struggled to keep pace, although he held his serve and dared Murray to secure the set. Nakashima took the first point, but Murray took the game with relative ease to secure a 6-4 first set victory in 42 minutes. Once again, the two men exchanged service games and held each time with the American breezing past the Brit in the third game of the second set. Undeterred, Murray continued to apply pressure on his serve against Nakashima, who was growing increasingly frustrated with proceedings, groaning to let the partisan crowd know how he felt. A special backhand from Murray took the score to 2-2 in the second set, before Nakashima reclaimed the lead following a fine rally. Murray battled through the next game, with an overhit forehand making it 30-30 before the 35-year-old struck a sublime pair of aces to see it out at 3-3. DON'T MISSNadal given immediate French Open disadvantage against ZverevNadal's coach gives positive injury update at French OpenKyrgios keen to fight Tomic in boxing match as war of words continues Nakashima then impressively won the seventh game to love, before going 15-30 up on Murray’s serve. The Brit motioned to the crowd and shouted encouragement to himself as he battled back to 40-30, and he passed the test following a stellar forehand. However, the American won four straight points to win his service game and move to within a game of levelling the match. Murray responded with similar form, winning his service game to love. The duo exchanged a number of cracking points in a thrilling rally before a fabulous forehand from Nakashima gave himself a 6-5 lead, only for Murray to fight from 0-30 down to send the set to a tie break - although he needed deuce to do so. The former British No. 1 then went to work, dismantling Nakashima to win the set 7-6 (7-1) Murray, who is yet to drop a set in the tournament, will face Nakashima’s compatriot Kudla in their semi final tomorrow. Kudla defeated Australian Max Purcell to book his place in the final four, while he knocked out Brit Liam Broady in straight sets earlier in the tournament.