Fans worldwide were saddened to see Netflix’s acclaimed crime series, Ozark, come to an end in April. As the series met a jaw-dropping finale, actor Jason Bateman revealed what character Marty Byrde would be doing now.  After four seasons of Marty Byrde and his wife Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) laundering millions for the Navarro cartel, the deal finally came to a head. Back in the first instalment, Marty had relocated his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, after he agreed to launder $500million in five years. This was a deal which saved his life, after he watched his business partner be shot to death after his own deal went wrong. With the success of their casino, the Byrdes were ready to put this behind them and move back to Chicago. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' However, they met more than a few bumps in the road when they tried to sort out a deal between the FBI and the head of the cartel, Omar Navarro (Felix Solis). As Navarro also wanted to leave the life of crime, he asked the Byrdes to co-operate with the FBI for their freedom. While the criminal wanted free reign to fly between Mexico and the United States, police refused as they needed him to take the fall for the crimes. Despite the back and forth, the police pressed on and unexpectedly arrested Navarro.  Following the death of Navarro’s successor Javi Elizonndro (Alfonso Herrara), the family set up plans for their return to Chicago. As the series ended before viewers could see the whole family return to their normal lives, many theorised whether or not they made it out of the Ozarks. However, Marty star Jason Bateman had his own theories about his character’s fate and what the family could be doing now. During a Red Carpet interview, the actor was joined by Julia Garner, who portrayed Ruth Langmore to discuss the series. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Ozark theory: Fans convinced Jonah shot Ben's ashes after weather clue [THEORY]Ozark plot hole: Wendy's part in Javi death debunked as fans question [BLUNDER] When asked if viewers could assume the Byrde family lived happily ever after, Bateman answered: “They’re going to get going back up to Chicago to continue the plan. “Hopefully, the ends justifying their means. “I don’t know if they get successful with that up in Chicago or not.” He added: “My sense is that they’d probably continue to stumble because they think they’re a little bit smarter than they are and those people don’t fare too well.” 