Chelsea have reportedly been warned by Sevilla star Jules Kounde's representatives that they must begin to make more of an effort to sign him as talks continue to stall due to differences in transfer valuation. Chelsea's interest started last summer but a deal could not be agreed because the Blues were unwilling to accept Sevilla's demands of activating Kounde's release clause. Personal terms were reached with the former Bordeaux star making it clear that he wanted to jump ship to Stamford Bridge following their Champions League win last May. Despite Kounde's release clause being around the £69million [€80m] region, Sevilla have made it adamantly clear they will not accept any less in a bid to keep their most valuable star. And, according to 90min, Chelsea have only been looking at a deal which hovers around the £50m mark - with Kounde said to be unimpressed by their refusal to agree a fee with the Spanish giants. The report states that Kounde expected to be amongst Chelsea's first pieces of business in this window after failing to complete a move last summer. His camp have made it clear to Thomas Tuchel's side that the France international is still very much interested in moving to west London. But additionally, they warned the Blues that they must try harder to secure a deal for his services, with Barcelona also interested. The publication further states that Chelsea are not particularly concerned by the Blaugrana's interest, but are not overly pleased at the potential of being embroiled in a bidding war. If the Spanish giants do end up increasing Kounde's transfer fee or even beat Chelsea to his signing, that may have an impact on both Marcos Alonso and Cesar Azpilicueta's futures with the duo being keen on moves to Barcelona. Chelsea still hope to wrap a deal up for the French star in the coming weeks after the losses of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. New owner Todd Boehly admitted that finances may be an issue over the summer due to Financial Fair Play regulations. And the American admitted he was wary about breaking such rules if they were to impact the Blues in the future. "Financial Fair Play is starting to get some teeth and that will limit ability to acquire players at any price," Boehly told Reuters. "UEFA takes it seriously and will continue to take it seriously. (More teeth) means financial penalties and disqualification from sporting competitions. "We are also going to be thinking about, how do we get more revenues for the players? If you look at LeBron James, for example, he has a whole business and a whole team dedicated to what's not on the court. So I think there is opportunity to capture some of that American mentality into English sports and really develop them."