While on a campaign trip to the French southern city of Gaillac ahead of the French parliamentary elections, French President Emmanuel Macron was confronted about the cabinet ministers he has chosen for his second term. His Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin and Solidarity Minister Damien Abad have both been accused of sexual assault. While a court requested dismissal for Mr Darmanin earlier this year, Mr Abad has recently been accused of sexual violence. This prompted a student to call out President Macron on the street, saying: "Please, please. You tell us that the main objective of your five-year term is the equality of women and the protection of women who are abused. "In the meantime, you are putting men in charge of the state who are accused of rape and violence against women." President Macron retorted: "No." He then said: "And equality, I was talking about that. Because I am in favour of freeing speech and I have supported it. And I will continue to support it, to protect it, but at the same time, to function in society, you must have the presumption of innocence."  "You are a liar!", shouted another woman. "You are abominable!", shouted a man. Emmanuel Macron was in the middle of a trip Thursday on the theme of security in rural areas when he got out of his car to meet a dozen of residents behind a banner. Despite the cries, the President kept his cool and continued to shake hands, asking the locals: "How are you?”, “Are you okay?" READ MORE: Poland furious at Macron and Scholz appeasing Putin  Gérald Darmanin, the Interior Minister, was accused on two occasions of having taken advantage of his authority as an elected official to obtain sexual favours. The first case for abuse of weakness was dismissed in 2018 and the second one for sexual assault was dismissed earlier this year. Mr Darmanin has repeatedly claimed he has "never abused the weakness of the integrity of anyone." His colleague Damien Abad, the Solidarity Minister, was also accused of sexual assault. According to the French investigative website Médiapart, one of the women filed a complaint to the Observatory of Sexist and Sexual Violence in Politics. Mr Abad contested the allegations "with the greatest force" and rejected accusations of "having exercised any form of coercion whatsoever on any woman." In a press release, Mr Abad refuted "any abuse of power linked to his functions", adding that the sexual intercourse he has had "have always been mutually consented." DON'T MISS: Klitschko erupts at Macron's call to 'not humiliate' Russia [REPORT]Ex-MI6 chief tells Macron he's playing 'risky game' pandering to Putin [REPORT]Macron fears losing majority [REPORT] He further defended: "These accusations relate to acts or gestures that are simply impossible for me because of my disability". Mr Abad suffers from arthrogryposis, which blocks his joints and reduces his mobility. The newly-elected Prime Minister Elizabeth Borne, France’s first female prime minister in 30 years, said she found out about the accusations on the Médiapart website. On a campaign trip, she said: "Of course, I am not aware. I can assure you that if there are new elements and if justice is again seized, we will draw all the consequences of this decision." She added: "I am going to be very clear. On all the subjects of harassment, sexual assault, there can be no impunity and we must continue to act so that women who may be the victims of aggression, harassment, can speak freely and are welcomed to file a complaint."