Prince Charles' nickname for Meghan Markle has served as a "pretty neat compliment" for the former working royal, according to a commentator. The Duchess of Sussex's witty moniker was placed on her by her father-in-law due to her "resilient nature". The List narrator Christine-Marie Liwag Dixon explained what the Prince of Wales had chosen. She told viewers: "Meghan Markle hasn't had an easy time of it since joining the Royal Family. "Not only has the press hounded her relentless, but she has also said that she felt less than at home in the Royal Family. "The Royal Family may not have approved of Meghan and Harry stepping down as senior royals despite them doing so to escape an environment that was clearly not good for their mental health. "However it seems that Prince Charles had a lot of respect for Meghan's resilient nature." READ MORE: Prince Andrew's personal gift to Queen leaves royal fans confused Ms Liwag Dixon continued: "This was evident in the secret nickname he reportedly had for her: 'Tungsten'. "As royal correspondent Russell Myers revealed on Lorraine in 2019, Charles nicknamed her after the metal as 'she is tough and unbending'. "Tungsten is the strongest naturally occurring metal on the planet. "That makes this a pretty neat compliment all things considered." Meghan and Charles have been known to have a good relationship with each other even as Harry and his father appear to have tension. The in-laws were frequently seen chatting and laughing together at a number of engagements. Notably, the future king even walked the Duchess down the aisle at her wedding. DON'T MISSWilliam taking over Charles' lifelong project as he 'passes torch' on [EXCLUSIVE]Diana friend clears up Meghan’s claim that she had no royal 'training' [INSIGHT]Kate & Pippa Middleton given brutal nickname for 'social climbing' [VIDEO] Mail on Sunday Royal Editor Emily Andrews explained to Channel 5 why this was such a significant royal moment. She said: "Charles is literally welcoming Meghan into the Royal Family in such a kind way. "It's [also] such a touching moment between father and son." Relationship psychologist Anjula Mutanda added: "This was a very important symbolic act in terms of optics. "It said Meghan is now part of our Royal Family."