Millie Bobby Brown shot to international fame when she made her onscreen debut in Stranger Things back in 2016. Since then, the 18-year-old has come into her own, blooming with confidence, appearing regularly on talk shows and relaxing more in front of the camera and her Netflix fans. As the young star has grown more accustomed to her celebrity status, she has given more of an insight into her love life as well. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things. Stranger Things actress Millie Bobby Brown is currently dating Jake Bongiovi, the 19-year-old son of iconic singer Bon Jovi. He is one of four children the Living on the Prayer singer shares with Dorothea Hurley. Jake's three other siblings are Stephanie Rose, 28, Jesse, 26 and Romeo Jon, 17. Brown and Bongiovi have reportedly been dating for almost a year but haven't revealed how they first met. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Given both of their links to fame, it is most likely they met through mutual friends. They first confirmed their romance in June 2021 when Jake shared a selfie of them along with the caption "BFF <3". Later that month, the couple were reportedly spotted holding hands while walking around New York. Neither of the stars have talked specifics regarding their relationship but Brown did mention her boyfriend during an interview. Speaking to Seventeen in January 2022, Brown talked of her favourite song from Olivia Rodrigo. Brown said: “I love 1 Step Forward 3 Steps Back. It makes me wanna cry every time. "I think my boyfriend’s gonna kill me if I listen to it around him anymore.” The pair then made their first official public appearance in March at the British Academy Film Awards at the Royal Albert Hall. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street’s Kevin Webster confirms character exit [EXIT]Stranger Things season 4 smashes Bridgerton’s Netflix records  [VIEWERS]Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [PLOT HOLE] Jake accompanied Brown to the premiere of Stranger Things season four where they mingled alongside the rest of the cast. The Eleven star also posted a picture of herself along with Jake and her onscreen boyfriend, Mike Wheeler actor Finn Wolfhard. The three of them are standing in front of a height chart, with the caption reading: "When two worlds collide." Fans have been loving this latest season of Stranger Things following that gripping episode seven. Eleven was getting help from Dr Martin Brenner (played by Matthew Modine) to help get her powers back by delving into her past trauma. This helped with the gang's ongoing investigation into Vecna as while Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) was in the Upside Down, she learned that he was 001 (Jamie Campbell Bower) at Brenner's lab. After a violent fight between himself and Eleven, she opened up a portal to the disturbing world which 001 then fell through and transformed into the creature they refer to as Vecna. But will the gang be able to come to Nancy's rescue before it's too late? Stranger Things is available to watch on Netflix.