Lady Colin Campbell claimed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were being “avoided like the plague” during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last weekend. She claimed “nobody would speak to them” at the few events they did attend amid reports that they left the four-day celebrations early on Sunday to go back to the US.    Lady Colin told GB News: “Between the booing and the cold-shouldering that they got from everybody, my understanding is that by the time they left they were absolutely spitting bricks. “And then the coup de grace as far as they were concerned was not only that they were booed, but while they were waiting for their car, nobody would speak to them except Zara [Tindall]. “Mike Tindall avoided them like the plague. He made absolutely sure he did not catch their eye. “There’s Meghan speaking to herself with him just four inches away from her.”    Meghan Markle and Prince Harry arrived in the UK last week for the first time in an official capacity since leaving the Royal family several years ago. They stayed at Frogmore Cottage, their old residences, with their three-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet. They attended Jubilee events sparingly throughout the weekend; they were spotted on Thursday at the Trooping of the Colour and on Friday at St Paul’s Cathedral. However, they pulled out of a reception at Guildhall for all the royals after the ceremony at St Paul's, electing instead to go straight home. READ MORE: Mike Tindall 'steps to fore' amid calls for bigger royal role [REVEAL]   It was reported that they held an informal gathering on the royal estate at Windsor Castle on Saturday instead of attending the Party at the Palace. They are thought to have stayed in Windsor that night with their children and alongside the Queen. They celebrated their daughter Lilibet’s birthday on that Saturday. There was no sign of them at the People’s Pageant on Sunday, when Her Majesty delighted the crowd by making a surprise second appearance on the balcony, amid reports that they had already flown back to the US. DON'T MISS: Lady C sparks uproar branding Harry and Meghan 'third-tier royals' [REVEAL]Prince Harry branded 'out of touch' as Duke and Meghan 'ostracised' [REPORT]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [POLL]   Meanwhile, a new photo released on Monday by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle showed their daughter Lilibet celebrating her first birthday with a backyard picnic over the weekend. Wearing a light blue frock and white bow on her head, the red-haired toddler sat on the grass in a candid snapshot taken by close family friend Misan Harriman on Saturday, a spokesperson said. A highlight of the intimate gathering at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor was a cake by American baker Claire Ptak, who created the wedding cake for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in 2018. Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor was born in California and was named in honour of Queen Elizabeth II, whose family nickname has been Lilibet since she was a child.  