Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge were said to be against riding in an open-top Land Rover in a military parade in Jamaica during their royal tour earlier this year. The couple's tour of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas did not go according to plan, sparking some backlash against the Royal Family. While in Jamaica, William dressed in a white military uniform while being driven in an open-top Land Rover, an act reminiscent of the 1953 photos of the Queen and Prince Philip in the same country. However, according to the DailyMail, an insider said: "The big problem was not with the specifics of the tour — although the duke himself acknowledges that it was not a good look to agree to get into that Land Rover. "They were pushed into it, but should have gone with their gut instincts, which are normally sound." Another insider agreed but highlighted Prince William's statement following the incident as a crucial move in limiting the backlash the couple faced. READ MORE: Prince William still 'very hurt' after Harry and Meghan family lashing They told the Mail: "The duke strongly felt it was something that needed to be said and [it] was definitely a turning point for him. "He has a shared responsibility in the institution's future and wants to use his voice. "He knew he had to draw a line in the sand, so he sat down with his team and said, 'This is what I want to say and I'm going to say it'. "The duke's view is that the Royal Family will be around for as long as people want them and need to prove their value. He is listening and he is learning." At the end of the tour, William released a statement saying he was "not telling people what to do" and added: "Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in future isn’t what is on my mind." Today is the Duke of Cambridge's 40th birthday. He is expected to celebrate his birthday with his wife Kate and their three young children. Prince William Arthur Philip Louis of Wales was born second in line to the throne at St Mary’s Hospital, Paddington, at 9.03pm on June 21 1982. DON'T MISS: Dutch Princess Catharina wears her mother’s 'sentimental' tiara [INSIGHT]Kate’s parental solutions blasted over 'throwing money at it' [ANALYSIS]Camilla stuns in floral dress while enjoying ice cream in Salisbury [COMMENT]  He weighed 7lb 1 1/2oz and was the firstborn son of the heir to the throne, Charles, and the Princess of Wales. The Duke has 3 children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are directly behind him in the Royal Family line of succession in that order. Queen Elizabeth II recently celebrated her 96th birthday. The Duke of Cambridge is taking on more responsibility in the Firm as his grandmother battles with health issues. The monarch has been plagued with mobility problems throughout 2022.