Newcastle are closing in on a deal to sign Reims striker Hugo Ekitike for £30million, which could have a domino effect on both Arsenal and Everton. The French youngster is closing in on a move to St James’ Park which could bring an end to their interest in signing Dominic Calvert-Lewin. The Magpies nearly signed Ekitike in January only for the 19-year-old to turn down the move, with Newcastle eventually signing Chris Wood from Burnley. But the club’s survival from relegation means they are now in a better place to attract talent to the club. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, a deal to sign French starlet Ekitike is getting closer, with a fee of €25m plus €5m in add-ons set to be discussed between the two clubs. READ MORE: Calvert-Lewin sends message to Everton fans amid Arsenal rumours Eddie Howe’s side have agreed a five-year contract with the France Under-21 international, who bagged 11 goals in 26 appearances for his club in Ligue 1. Arsenal and Manchester United have shown interest in the highly-rated forward, marking another coup for the ambitious North East outfit. The impact of signing Ekitike will be felt at Everton as Frank Lampard desperately tries to hang onto Calvert-Lewin. According to The Mirror, Newcastle had identified Calvert-Lewin as a top target for this summer’s transfer window and Everton are braced for offers. Arsenal are long-time admirers of the England international, while Man United had been linked with a move for the Sheffield-born striker, who scored five goals in the Premier League last season after an injury-hit campaign, as Erik ten Hag looks to bolster his squad. DON'T MISSNewcastle have four targets Ashworth can make his first signingArsenal on red alert as Fabian makes Napoli contract decisionNewcastle 'ready club-record £50m bid' to beat Arsenal to Paqueta deal The report states that the 25-year-old is ‘open’ to leaving Goodison Park after six years on Merseyside, which could force the club’s hand. The Toffees narrowly escaped the drop after finishing 16th under Lampard, retaining their Premier League status with only a game to spare. And Newcastle dropping out of the race for the target man could leave Everton in a difficult position. While the Toon would have been able to spark a bidding war with their riches, backed by the Saudi-based Public Investment Fund, Arsenal will be operating on a shoestring budget after missing out on a top-four finish. Mikel Arteta is keen to sign a striker this summer with Alexandre Lacazette expected to leave the club when his contract expires at the end of the month. And if the player decides he wants to move to the north London outfit, it may leave Everton in the position of having to negotiate a much lower fee than if they were selling to Newcastle.