Tom Hanks has sparked concern after his hands were spotted shaking while discussing the new film, Elvis. It comes as the Hollywood star was promoting Baz Luhrmann's biopic Elvis, in Sydney, which sees him star as the singer's manager, 'Colonel' Tom Parker. The star, 65, looked smart as he took to the stage in a suit and white shirt. Addressing the audience, Hanks clutched a microphone with his right hand. He said: "There is no better place in the world to make a motion picture than right here on the Gold Coast." "I've shot films in Morocco and Los Angeles and New York City and Seattle and in Berlin. READ MORE: Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle  "None of them have what the Gold Coast have, and what is that? Two words. None of those other cities have Dan Murphy. "What a man, who I got to know quite well," he added. At this point, the star attempted to stop his right hand which had started shaking while holding the microphone. He placed his left hand on top to help steady it, before switching hands. Hanks went on: "We had an absolutely magnificent time with you all. "There is something about the people and the place of the Gold Coast that makes everyone walk around with a confident look on their face. We were a part of that. "Your confidence, joy and zest for life comes through in our motion picture. "You have a wonderful proactive golden son in Baz Luhrmann who loves Australia more than kangaroos, more than Dan Murphy," he ended. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway puts on brave face after heartbreaking Derek update [UPDATE]Dan Walker divides fans as he questions Stranger Things 'horror show' [ANALYSIS]David Beckham warns Harper 'Don't tell mummy!' in holiday video [INSIGHT] This isn't the first time the star has sparked concern amongst his fans. At the UK screening of Elvis earlier this month, the Forrest Gump star concerned fans with his slim frame as he arrived at BFI Southbank in London. Tom looked red carpet ready as he posed up a storm in the grey suit which he paired with a black shirt. However, the star's dramatic transformation sparked concern with fans who were quick to comment on his slim frame. Twitter user @lynwis wrote: "Dear god how thin Tom Hanks looks?! "Positively sepulchral. Hope he’s a OK or is it for a film role?" (sic) @aquitainexox penned: "Wow lovely Tom Hanks looks very very thin! Hope he’s ok." While @BecksLS30 added: "I'm concerned about Tom Hanks. He looks way too thin. I hope he's ok."