Victoria Derbyshire was fronting BBC Breakfast's Platinum Jubilee coverage on Sunday morning outside Buckingham Palace. Thousands of people gathered around the palace on Saturday night to celebrate the Queen's 70-year reign on the throne. While the monarch was not able to attend the event, she managed to make an impressive appearance alongside Paddington Bear which left Victoria "really emotional". Victoria, who was interviewing pageant master Adrian Evans, was reflecting on the Platinum Jubilee celebrations when he said the monarch "acted so beautifully". Victoria said: "She really knocked it out of the park - she really did. She is good at acting and she clearly, it would appear, has a wicked sense of humour." The broadcaster admitted she was moved by the Queen's skit with Paddington Bear, adding: "Paddington Bear saying 'Thank you ma'am' for everything is even now making me feel really emotional. "It's bizarre, isn't it? It's so British, a bear and the actual queen. What the heck?" READ MORE: Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit   The Queen sat down for afternoon tea with the famous bear before they tapped along to the iconic Queen hit, We Will Rock You.  At the start of the sketch, the palace staff could be seen taking a tray of tea to the monarch who was sitting with Paddington, where the bear said: "Thank you for having me.  "I do hope you are having a lovely Jubilee," to which the Queen replied: "Tea?"  But Paddington made a mess by accidentally dropping their teapot onto the cream cakes which were left on the table.   However, the Queen laughed at the blunder as Paddington exclaimed: "Oh dear, perhaps you would like a marmalade sandwich? I always keep one for emergencies," as he pulled one out of his hat. To his surprise, the monarch smiled and replied: "So do I, I keep mine in here for later" before pulling a sandwich out of her handbag. After discussing the sweet sketch, Victoria looked ahead to the Jubilee celebrations which were in store for Sunday. She said: "The Jubilee celebrations are also about bringing people together with street parties, eating food and maybe having a glass of prosecco." DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance [LATEST]Queen's fuss-free manner captured by royal expert 'I'll wash you dry!' [UPDATE]Over SEVENTY corgis gather at Balmoral to mark Platinum Jubilee  [PICTURES]  Later on, Victoria couldn't resist talking about the Queen's acting skills once more as she listed off some of the singers who performed at Saturday night's concert. She said: "The Party at the Palace included performances from Queen and Adam Lambert, Diana Ross, Rod Stewart, George Ezra, Jax Jones, Elbow as well as that beautiful cameo from Paddington Bear. "Now the Queen can act, but we knew that from 2012, didn't we?" Victoria was referring to when the Queen starred in a clip alongside Daniel Craig who was escorting the monarch to the London Olympic Games as James Bond.   “The Queen never told her family she was doing it," production stage manager Sam Hunter told Wark at the time. 