Paramount+ is the latest streaming service to launch in the UK, taking on established rivals like Netflix, Disney+, Apple TV+, and Prime Video. The streaming platform, pronounced "Paramount Plus", debuted in the United States last year and brings together movie franchises, TV shows, and documentaries from parent companies Paramount Pictures and ViacomCBS. That means you'll unlock exclusive boxsets like Star Trek: Strange New Worlds, Yellowjackets, The First Lady, Super Pumped: The Battle For Uber, and Halo, to name a few. Paramount+ also boasts a wide selection of films, including Mission Impossible: Fallout, Jack Reacher, Transformers: Age Of Extinction, Castaway, Mean Girls, and Pulp Fiction. The latest blockbusters, like Scream, Sonic The Hedgehog 2, and Top Gun: Maverick will all debut on Paramount+ in the UK after leaving your local cinema. All of these will be included at no extra cost, unlike some of the latest releases that come to Disney+. The Paramount+ app will be available to download on a number of the most popular gadgets, including iPhone, iPad and Apple TV, Fire TV Stick, Android smartphones and tablets, Roku set-top boxes, Chromecast with Google TV, and Samsung Smart TVs. If you own a Smart TV from a different brand, like Sony or Hisense, you'll need to find another device to stream Paramount+. As part of your subscription, Paramount+ viewers can watch on three different devices at the same time – perfect for those with busy households. A Paramount+ subscription costs £6.99 per month. This 30-day rolling contract allows you to cancel at any time. There's also an annual Paramount+ subscription, which costs £69.90 per year – a saving of 16.6% compared to 12 months on a rolling monthly contract. It will also save you from any price rises throughout the year ...although, it's worth noting that Paramount hasn't confirmed any plans to adjust its pricing within the first year of its UK launch. Paramount+ UK is only available in a single subscription tier – the £6.99 per month plan with no adverts. That's in stark contrast to the United States, where Paramount+ is available in two flavours – Essential, which has a limited selection of adverts that play before your show or movie begins, costs $4.99 per month or $49.99 per year, while Premium is the equivalent to what's on offer in the UK and doesn't include any advertising across the streaming platform. The latter costs $9.99 per month or $99.99 per year You'll be pleased to know that Paramount+ does offer a free seven-day trial in the UK for all new subscribers. To start watching Paramount+ for free, you'll only need to register via the Paramount Plus website. Once you've set up an account, you'll be able to access the streaming service via any Paramount+ app and begin streaming its exclusive TV shows, movies, and more. After the Paramount+ free trial ends, you'll be charged for a one-month subscription unless you decide to cancel your account. As such, you'll need to set a few alarms and reminders on your phone if you want to avoid a credit card charge. As well as the seven-day free trial for Paramount+ UK fans, there is another way to watch for free. Paramount+ has struck an exclusive deal with Sky, which will see all Paramount Plus TV shows and movies come to Sky Q and Sky Glass viewers with a Sky Cinema subscription at no extra cost. Yes, the £11 a month movie-focused add-on will now include access to all original boxsets, blockbusters and documentaries included in a Paramount+ subscription. Sky Q and Sky Glass viewers will be recommended exclusive content from Paramount+ based on their viewing habits too – exactly like TV shows and films from all streaming platforms supported on the hardware. But unlike Disney+, Apple TV+ and Prime Video (also available on Sky Q and Sky Glass) which require viewers to pay their own monthly subscription fee to watch, Paramount+ will be bundled as part of the Sky Cinema subscription. It's worth pointing out that everything that was previously available with Sky Cinema will continue to be included, like the catalogue of 1,000 on-demand films and exclusive Sky Original movies, like Promising Young Woman. Unfortunately, the Sky Cinema deal does not apply to NOW (formerly NOW TV) subscribers who have a Sky Cinema membership. For its UK launch, Paramount+ will bring together a number of original shows that have already premiered on the streaming platforms in other regions, like the exclusive Halo TV series based on the critically-acclaimed Xbox video game. The first three episodes of Halo will be available at launch, with new episodes airing weekly every Wednesday. UK Paramount+ viewers who prefer to binge-watch will be able to catch up with all three seasons of neo-western series Yellowstone on launch day, as well as Yellowstone origin story, 1883, which stars Sam Elliot and musician Faith Hill. Yellowjackets – one of the most talked-about shows last year – was previously exclusive to Showtime in the United States and Sky in the UK. However, the complete boxset will now be available on Paramount+ for anyone with a subscription or taking out a free trial. Queen Of The Universe, a global singing competition featuring drag queens from 10 countries around the world, will air weekly on Paramount+ following its UK release date. The series, which is hosted by Graham Norton, Michelle Visage, Trixie Mattel, and Leona Lewis, has already wrapped-up its six-episode run in the United States, but Paramount+ will be the first time viewers on this side of the pond have been able to tune-in. Paramount+ has pledged to commission at least 150 original shows from international teams by 2025. This includes a number of productions from the UK aimed at British audiences, such as an adaptation of Amor Towles' A Gentleman In Moscow, new drama Flatshare set in London, horror adaptation The Burning Girls, and psychological drama The Ex-Wife. Unfortunately, none of these previously-greenlit projects is available for the UK launch. However, it's not simply new television shows that UK audiences should be excited about as Paramount+ will be the home of a number of the biggest blockbusters, including recent box office success like Scream, which will debut on the streaming platform in the coming weeks. Sonic the Hedgehog 2, which debuted in UK cinemas on April 1 and is still showing in some multiplexes, will be included as part of your Paramount+ subscription at a later date. Top Gun: Maverick will also be bundled to all subscribers later this year alongside Clifford the Big Red Dog, The Lost City, and classic films such as School of Rock, Grease, Star Trek (2009), Castaway, Mean Girls, Pulp Fiction, and Flashdance. MORE LIKE THIS