Celebrity Gogglebox returned to Channel 4 on Friday night with a mix of famous faces, including Rylan Clark, Martin Kemp, and Melanie C. During the episode, Joanna Lumley got choked up over a carer, called Kathryn, who was gifted a Rolex by a nursing home resident called Lou who died from coronavirus.  The Gogglebox celebrities were intrigued to know whether a "beautiful" Rolex watch was real or fake on the latest instalment of Million Pound Pawn. Kathryn, 59, was pawnbroker Dan Hatfield's first customer of the day and she brought the Rolex in for him to value. The 59-year-old shared the touching story of how she was given the watch for looking after a nursing home resident called Lou when she worked at the home's tearoom. "I used to go out and get the residents and take them down to the teashop and Lou was one of the first that came into the nursing home and he had dementia," she said. "His personality was out of this world and his partner Christine used to come and visit him rain or shine and that is how we started our friendship." READ MORE: GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question  Kathryn started crying when she explained how 20 residents, including Lou, died from Covid at the nursing home last year. This caused Joanna, who was watching the emotional Million Pound Pawn episode with Gyles Brandreth, to also start crying. The actress was wiping away her tears, declaring she was emotional as Kathryn said she was "heartbroken" when Lou died. "I was made redundant, I can't believe I am not there, I can't believe Covid had taken away everything that I love," Kathryn said on the show.    While Lou was alive, Kathryn grew close to his partner Christine and when he died Christine wanted her to have his gold Rolex. "If I am honest, I am still very uncomfortable about it now so I want to do something with Christine in memory of Lou if we do have enough money from it," Kathryn added. Dan was struggling to work out if the Rolex was real as he had his doubts over the hands of the watch which "ticked rather than swept" over the face. He called up a Rolex expert who confirmed it was real and a "really rare" model. DON'T MISS...Joanna Lumley in tears over Queen’s Jubilee skit [VIDEO]Joanna Lumley hits out at Netflix for 'made up' Royal Family drama [INTERVIEW]Joanna Lumley health: Star's health tip that helps her avoid illness [INSIGHT]  Dan was "happy to tell" Kathryn the watch was a genuine Rolex and Joanna broke down in tears again. She told Gyles: "She's crying, and I'm crying too now. [Dan's] crying as well." Dan told Kathryn the watch was worth a staggering £15,550 and while some of the Gogglebox cast members were amazed by the figure, others we not so impressed. Rylan Clark's mother Linda Clark said in disappointment: "Oh, I thought it would be worth more than that."   However, Celebrity Gogglebox star Miquita Oliver exclaimed: "Wow, that is a lot of money." When Kathryn was told how much the watch was worth she tearfully said: "Never expected this in a million years and I really thought it could be fake. I feel sick." The celebrities were thrilled when Kathryn called up Christine to announce she would be taking her on a holiday to New York City later on in the episode. Celebrity Gogglebox continues next Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.  