Sugar is natural, affordable, and accessible, so it’s unsurprising that many gardeners use it alongside planting grass seeds to make lawns greener and thicker. However, gardening experts do urge us to use this unconventional gardening hack sparingly. Here’s what gardeners need to know before they bring this cupboard staple out of their kitchen and into their garden. Whether gardeners are looking for ways to get rid of weeds using an organic product – or they want to boost their lawn’s health, putting sugar on the lawn could be the solution they seek. The best looking gardens often begin with healthy, green grass and gardeners can improve its condition with sugar, according to one expert. Lindsey Hyland, the Founder of Urban Organic Yield, said: “Sugar will help break down thatch, the layer of dead grass, and other organic material that can accumulate on your lawn over time. “This thatch can make it difficult for new grass to grow, but using sugar on your lawn can help break it down and improve the health of your lawn.” READ MORE: ‘Virtually impossible to kill’ houseplants - can ‘forget about’ them However, while sugar can help your lawn, Bill Glaser, CEO of Outstanding Foods, a plant-based food company, urges gardeners to use the substance in moderation. He said: “Only use a sugar solution about once a month; some sources suggest replacing harsh fertilisers with rice water for more consistent application.” Putting sugar on the lawn has its benefits, but Tom Monson, the Owner of Monson Lawn & Landscaping, reinforces the food expert’s warning. He said: “Sugar causes the grass’s roots to intake more nitrogen from the soil, which can boost your lawn’s greenness.” DON'T MISS: How to remove permanent marker stains from clothes using milk - ‘easy’ [TIPS]How to make your own natural fabric softener with cupboard ingredients [EXPERT]‘Valuable’ kitchen essential to give gardens a boost without chemicals [INSIGHT] But if your property is further back in the woods, the landscaper urges you to avoid sugar altogether. The expert added: “Sugar also promotes fungal growth, so you’ll want to inspect your lawn and ensure you do not have excess fungal growth.” Spreading around a pound of sugar per 10.5 square feet is enough. Use a lawn spreader to get an even spread of sugar on dry grass early in the day. READ MORE: Gardening tips: Use eggshell trick as ‘fantastic fertiliser’ to plants The best sugar to put on a lawn is granulated or powdered sugar. Sugar is not typically used to fertilise lawns, but as Tom suggests, it does have the power to ensure your grass appears greener. This is because sugar is a carbon that will intake excess nitrogen and promote a better balance in the soil. Lindsey explained that the biggest benefit to using sugar on the lawn is getting rid of weeds. She said: “Weeds tend to thrive in environments with access to sunlight and moisture, and by using sugar on your lawn, you can make it less hospitable for these weeds.” Lindsey is not exclusive in her observation. Bill Glaser similarly recommends putting sugar on the lawn to limit weed growth. He explained that while sugar doesn’t kill weeds directly, it does encourage microbe development that enriches the soil. The expert said: “This allows the grass to overtake invasive plant species.”