Boris Johnson, 57, was left wounded last night after dozens of Conservative MPs rebelled against the Prime Minister in a confidence vote. Just 211 out of 359 Tory MPs backed Mr Johnson in the 1922 Committee's ballot. A total of 148 MPs rebelled against the Conservative leader, leaving the Prime Minister without support from around four-in-ten of his colleagues.  Mr Johnson's position came under pressure after he was issued with a fixed penalty notice during the Metropolitan Police's Operation Hillman investigation into partygate. However, the Prime Minister appeared defiant as he responded to the confidence vote. He said: "I think it's a convincing result, decisive result and what it means is that as a Government we can move on and focus on the stuff that really matters to people." Mr Johnson added: "I'm grateful to colleagues for the support that they've given me and of course I understand that now we need to come together as a Government and as a party, and that is exactly what we can now do. "And what this gives us is the opportunity to put behind us all the stuff that I know the media have quite properly wanted to focus on for a very long time, and to do our job, which is to focus on the stuff that I think the public actually wants us to be talking about, which is what we are doing to help the people in the country and all the things we're doing to take this country forward." The Prime Minister appeared to turn his attention away from internal party management towards dealing with the cost of living crisis, NHS backlogs and levelling-up the United Kingdom. Conservative MPs from across the party, including those who supported Mr Johnson in his 2019 Tory leadership bid, publicly declared now was the time for the Prime Minister to quit. JUST IN: Defiant Boris Johnson vows to 'deliver for Britain' after surviving confidence vote Despite failing to depose the Prime Minister yesterday, York Outer MP Julian Sturdy, 51, called on Mr Johnson to "consider his position" after claiming the Tory leader "no longer enjoys the full-hearted confidence of the parliamentary party". Mr Johnson was even dealt a blow by those on the Government payroll after John Lamont, 46, resigned as Liz Truss' parliamentary private secretary to vote against the Prime Minister. The UK's anti-corruption champion John Penrose, 57, who is married to the former head of the NHS' test and trace agency Dido Harding, 54, also quit before stating it is the "beginning of the end" for the Prime Minister. Jeremy Hunt, 55, appeared to position himself as a potential successor in Number 10. The Remain-supporting former Health Secretary, who was defeated by Mr Johnson in the 2019 leadership contest, said: "We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country. "And because we are no longer trusted by the electorate, who know this too, we are set to lose the next general election." Several other Tory MPs, including the 42-year-old Chancellor Rishi Sunak and 47-year-old Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, have also been tipped as potential candidates. READ MORE: Vote of no confidence result IN FULL: Did Boris win? What it means for the Conservatives However, commentators claim Conservative MPs are yet to put forward a natural heir to Mr Johnson. Allies moved to save Mr Johnson's premiership, in a campaign referred to as 'Operation Big Dog', soon after 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady, 55, announced he had received enough letters to hold a ballot. A Boris-backing MP told Express.co.uk after midday: "The numbers [look] very good so far I’d say." Mr Johnson penned personal letters to wavering MPs ahead of the vote and even scheduled to address Conservative colleagues at the 1922 Committee. During his performance in front of Tory MPs, the Prime Minister caused a stir after he said "he would do it again" when asked about attending farewell events for colleagues despite lockdown restrictions being in place. In response to the Prime Minister's 1922 Committee appearance, an unnamed Conservative MP told Express.co.uk: "After months of fallout the PM tonight said he would do it all again. How do you think I voted?" Minister without Portfolio Nigel Adams looked to clarify the situation. The Selby & Ainstry MP explained: "He [Mr Johnson] said he’d thank people again who worked so hard during the pandemic." However, the Prime Minister also told MPs: "We have the chance to stop talking about ourselves and start talking exclusively about what we are doing for the people of this country. "And instead of getting into some hellish Groundhog Day debate about the merit of belonging to the Single Market, relitigating questions that we settled two-and-a-half years ago, we can get on, we can deliver, and we can unite. "And you all know what an incredible force we can be when we are united." He added: "And my friends, there is simply no way Labour can match this programme. They are still in the pocket of the union barons. "They want to keep us locked into EU regulations. And though they may live in great stuccoed townhouses in north London, they deplore the dream of home ownership for everyone but themselves. "They would never have taken the decisions this Government took to help the Ukrainians. "They would never have stood up to Putin, not when eight of their frontbench voted to scrap our independent deterrent. "They would be an utter disaster in office, forced to erode our precious union by an alliance with the SNP. "And the only way we will let that happen is if we were so foolish as to descend into some pointless fratricidal debate about the future of our party, when frankly there is no alternative vision that I am hearing." Mr Johnson's former chief Brexit negotiator Lord David Frost, 57, provided the Prime Minister with advice if he is to take back control of his premiership. Lord Frost, who resigned from Mr Johnson's Government last December, said: "If the Prime Minister is to save his premiership and his Government he should now take a different course - bring taxes down straightaway to tackle the cost of living crisis, take on public service reform, and establish an affordable and reliable energy policy for the long term. "I hope the Prime Minister will now head rapidly down this path and refresh the Government to achieve it. "If he does, I believe he can and will re-establish a sense of direction and restore confidence among the party and our present and future voters - and thereby protect Brexit too." The Prime Minister faces two significant tests on June 23 when voters in Wakefield and Tiverton & Honiton will go to the polls. Labour has opened up an average lead of almost seven percent in national opinion polls and a survey by J&L Partners in Wakefield indicates the Tories could lose the key 'Red Wall' seat by 20 percent. Rules established by the 1922 Committee appear to suggest the Prime Minister should be safe from facing another leadership challenge for the next 12 months. However, Theresa May, 65, only managed to limp on for half a year after she fended off a narrowly smaller contingent of pro-Brexit rebels in 2018. Executive officers on the 1922 Committee are also at liberty to amend party rules, provided they consult the Conservative Party Board. Sir Graham stressed the right to do so ahead of yesterday's vote. The Altrincham & Sale West MP said: "Technically it's possible for rules to be changed but the rule at present is there would be a period of grace."