A Land Rover Defender SVX from 2015’s Spectre and an Aston Martin DBS Superleggera from 2021’s No Time To Die will be on sale. Bonhams will be auctioning off the two hypercars to two very lucky car enthusiasts over the course of Goodwood from Thursday, June 23, until Sunday, June 26. The Land Rover Defender SVX is described as the “big Bowler motorsport-developed, knobbly-tired monster”. Its starring scene sees James Bond being chased down a snowy mountain in Spectre using a plan, in pursuit of his kidnapped love interest Madeleine Swann. Thankfully, the Defender is in a far better condition than the cars seen on screen, after taking a battering by an aircraft. Only 10 of the “bigfoots” were ever produced, with seven surviving the making of the film. READ MORE: Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption The incredible vehicle comes with arches, wheels, rope and a cage. If a potential buyer is interested in the piece of cinema history, it will set them back between £150,000 and £200,000. It wouldn’t be a James Bond car sale without including a stunning Aston Martin, and the Goodwood sale is no exception. Though the DBS Superleggera that features in No Time To Die isn’t actually Bond’s car, it does belong to 007. This Aston is a surviving example from a batch that were destroyed, nor is it hiding machine guns, smoke screens, ejector seats or bulletproof shields. All it had to do in its scenes was look great on an Icelandic highway and kick the tail out at an airport. The vehicle used in the production of the film was leant from Aston Martin. Instead, the owner of the vehicle, on Aston’s behalf, parted ways with their car for two years. The extended loan was as a result of film productions being hampered by the coronavirus pandemic. The owner originally purchased the vehicle for £250,000. Auction house Bonhams estimates that there will be a £400,000 to £500,000 return. These aren’t the only iconic James Bond cars up for auction at the moment. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to follow simple steps at the petrol station [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling hack to boost efficiency 25 percent [EFFICIENCY]Plans to simplify electric car charging for drivers to promote switch [EV CHANGES]   Sean Connery’s personal Aston Martin DB5, the same type used in Goldfinger and Thunderball, is set to go under the hammer in August at the Monterey Jet Centre. The vehicle is the only DB5 ever personally owned by Sir Sean Connery and is offered directly from the Connery estate. Longtime friend and multiple World Championship winning racing driver Sir Jackie Stewart has offered a personal drive in the Aston Martin DB5 to the winning bidder. It is estimated the car will sell for between $1.4million and $1.8million - a staggering price of between £1.14million and £1.46million.