Firefighters were called to Ocean View Windmill Farm, a wedding venue in Llanrhidian, South Wales, at around 5.37am this morning (June 17). Members of the public were told to avoid the area and to keep their windows and doors shut. The venue was evacuated and a couple due to get married there this morning were told their wedding could no longer take place. Incredibly, staff at nearby wedding venue Oldwalls Gower soon offered to host the couple's big day and arranged for the same registrars, meal and all 93 guests to be able to attend, reports Wales Online. The loved-up couple tied the knot at 11am today, with the groom and wedding party praising staff for "saving the day". Speaking ahead of his 11am wedding, groom Mark Bernard said: "At 7am this morning it was all off! It was a feeling of great sadness. "It was just myself - Lowri [my wife] was at her parents' - and I woke up and had breakfast and I had a call to say the place had burnt down. "From that moment it was off. Within an hour, phone calls were flying everywhere and all of a sudden we were going to Oldwalls. "We’ve been set up in a great venue, they’ve got us here and pulled off something amazing! Let’s get this wedding on!" Usher Regan Craig previously said: "We were told about the fire at about 7am, and we've been moved to Oldwalls. "They've saved the day, they'll be hosting the wedding with 90 to 100 guests. Everything's remained the same [guests, registrar etc]." More than 60 members of staff from Oldwalls Gower cancelled their days off and annual leave and sprung into action to help save Mark and Lowri's wedding day. In a statement released just before the wedding, commercial director at Oldwalls Gower, Shakira Obaid said: "When we first heard the news this morning we were gutted for Ocean View and know first-hand the devastation the fire would cause as coincidentally we went through it in 2014. "We quickly sprang into action when the bride’s makeup artist, Farhana Ali, got in touch via Facebook to seek our help at the crack of dawn. "It turns out the father of the bride is actually our insurance broker and a friend of Oldwalls, we called him up straight away to advise Oldwalls was available and we would step in to deliver the big day. "Our events team were scheduled to be off work so an SOS message went out to all staff as we couldn’t make this happen without the team. "Over 60 of them got back to us within the hour to volunteer to work which we’re truly proud of. "We even drafted in the team from our sister venue, the Fairyhill gardening team helped to set up the outdoor ceremony this morning! "We are literally about to welcome over 90 wedding guests and the ceremony will be taking place outdoors at 11am - at least the weather has been on the couple’s side. "We have tried our best to replicate the entire day to minimise disruption for the bride and groom. "Our chefs have managed to source the hog roast, the table favours, centrepieces and welcome signs etc were all salvageable from Ocean View which is a big relief for the bride. "We will be pulling out all the stops to make today magical for Lowri, Mark and their guests."