The third-in-line to the throne had a front-row seat to the spectacular Party at the Palace concert on Saturday night. The event, taking place right on the doorstep of the Queen's residence in London, featured worldwide performers including Diana Ross, Andrea Bocelli and Alicia Keys. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** It also saw comedians and actors such as Lee Mack and Stephen Fry taking the centre stage throughout the night. However, the best and most surprising act involved the Queen herself, who took part in a skit with Paddington bear. The video was shown on Buckingham Palace and on the maxi screens scattered throughout the Mall. It showed the monarch hosting the famous bear for tea at her London residence and revealing, after a series of mishaps by Paddington, she always keeps a marmalade sandwich in her bag. The appearance of the Queen on screen surprised many watchers of the show - including her great-grandson Prince George. The eight-year-old was photographed with a huge smile while the skit was being played. Sitting next to him, Prince William appeared to be equally enjoying the show. Sharing a picture of the moment on Twitter, photographer Chris Jackson wrote: "Prince George enjoying Paddington Bear’s starring role with his Dad at last night’s #PlatinumPartyAtThePalace". READ MORE: Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan Retweeting the picture, royal editor Rebecca English commented: "Very cute. Look at gan-gan!" Other royal watchers were enthusiastic to see the boy being surprised by his great-grandmother. A fan account of Kate and William's family called The Cambridges wrote: "Soo adorable". Other Twitter users were simply happy to be able to see Prince George and his sister Princess Charlotte in attendance. @tizzi_te tweeted: "Lovely celebrations eh, Charlotte and George looked adorbs during the concert." @shortielady7 wrote: "Prince George all the way through stole the show". And @flyingboomerang added: "I love how Prince George and Princess Charlotte sang along with their parents." Indeed, the siblings were seen engaged throughout the two-hour-long concert. As Queen and Adam Lambert performed We Will Rock You, the children clapped their hands following the song's rhythm. George also seemed to really appreciate the rendition of Sweet Caroline and was spotted singing it all. The Cambridges' children's appearance at the concert came just hours after they had marked a major first. On Saturday afternoon, Charlotte and George accompanied their parents on what became their first official visit to Wales. The four royals visited Cardiff Castle, where they met royal wishers as well as people involved in the preparation for a local Jubilee concert. While on the grounds of the castle, the third-in-line to the throne was pictured working the controls of a technical desk. On the other hand, Charlotte grinned at her brother as she conducted musicians in a rendition of Disney Encanto's We Don't Talk About Bruno.