The punk band enjoyed popularity after launching in the 1970s, and their new show, which explores the band's rise and fall, is based on guitarist Steve Jones' memoir. Its release has been controversial, as lead singer John Lydon, best known by his stage name Johnny Rotten, has publicly slammed the biopic after he claimed he was "left out" of its creation. Bass guitarist Glen Matlock appeared on Good Morning Britain on Friday, where he claimed the series is not "what was promised" to him and that Steve had a "shocking memory." "There's been quite a bit of toing and froing over the Pistol film by Danny Boyle," Good Morning Britain host Ranvir Singh commented. She went on: "We saw there was a red carpet for it not so long ago..." "Yeah, there's one coming up in Los Angeles and all," Glen cut in. He laughed: "Normally what I do at these kinds of things, you get there and they normally have canapes which kind of spoils your dinner and stuff. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret "If you spot the doors where the girls come out with the tray of stuff and stand there, you can normally go home quite full." As co-host Adil Ray chortled, Ranvir joked: "So it's a free meal, is it?" "Yeah, because you can't go and eat it's too late by then," replied the musician. The ITV host probed: "What do you make of the film? Because John Lydon tried to halt it, didn't he?" She clarified: "About the music being used, he wasn't happy with it."  The 65-year-old stated: "Well, the film is based on Steve Jones' book and his memories and stuff, but I was really looking forward to seeing the movie. "I wasn't that involved with it, I wasn't not involved with it... I was kind of involved. "But what I was promised and what's unfolded hasn't been quite the same thing, but I did see Steves Jones and talked to him about it. "He said, 'What do you think?' I said, 'Mate, you've got a shocking memory.'" DON'T MISS... Good Morning Britain viewers slam 'incessant' Jubilee coverage [REACTION]Silent Witness icon details concern she had over return [EXCLUSIVE]Dermot O'Leary takes swipe at Anton Du Beke over ticket sales [VIDEO] It comes after John's appearance on This Morning earlier this week, where he admitted he was "upset" about not being involved with the series. "So you didn't get a script or anything?" Alison asked him on Monday. "Nothing," he replied. "Still to this day, I don't have a clue what they're doing here. "Of course, I'm upset with that - I'm the man what wrote these songs, right? "I gave them their image. I gave them everything. And they've done this rather snidey piece of work behind my back." Steve Jones has previously spoken out against John's claims. "I ain't got time for all that c**p anymore," he remarked. Speaking to The Sun, he added: "You've just got to grow up and move on. "The show is about me, it ain't about John, even though he is obviously a big part of it." Pistol is available to watch on Hulu and Disney+, while Good Morning Britain airs daily from 6am on ITV.