Arsenal starlet Eddie Nketiah has welcomed the potential signing of Gabriel Jesus at the Emirates this summer. The striker insists he would 'relish the challenge' of fighting for a starting spot with the current Manchester City attacker. Nketiah was set to depart Arsenal in a week's time after the club failed to offer him sufficient terms, although that has now been rectified after he signed a new five-year contract last week. With Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette departing to Barcelona and Lyon respectively over the last six months, the London-born star is currently the only senior striker at the club. But with Jesus heavily linked with a move to north London, Nketiah has welcomed the challenge that the City star would bring to the club - claiming he would 'relish' the opportunity to play alongside the Brazilian. “Every team needs a squad to compete,” he said to the Telegraph. “The club is always looking for ways to strengthen. They have extended my deal and they have done so for a reason. Whoever comes in, you relish the challenge. You make them feel welcome, and then you fight and compete. JUST IN: Liverpool 'pass' on three Premier League stars despite 'easy' deals “That is just my mentality, my personality. I know I am not the finished article, and I don’t need to be the finished article right now. I have time to improve and to make mistakes.But I do have belief in myself that if I am given a run, and I play the games, I can deliver. "I know I still have so much more to give and so much more to do.” The Gunners have reportedly bid around £35million for Jesus, although the Citizens are expected to hold out for a bid of £50m. READ MORE: Man Utd request granted as Dean Henderson transfer agreement reached The Premier League champions signed Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez for a combined £70m for the start of the new season, and could look to recoup most of that back with the sale of Jesus. It is unclear as to what fee both clubs would agree on, although talks are reported to be advancing enough for a deal to be wrapped up relatively soon. Elsewhere, Arsenal are interested in Leeds star Raphinha, although the Yorkshire club are holding out for a fee of £65m. Fabio Vieira has already signed in a £30m deal, whilst Lisandro Martinez has also been linked from Ajax.