easyJet passengers have faced chaos in recent weeks with cancellations and delays. One group of passengers told Express.co.uk how they had to take a 24 hour journey home when their flight was cancelled. READ MORE: TUI family holiday ruined after raunchy festival - 'drunk like fish' Passengers with a cancelled flight are entitled to a new flight on the same day of travel if one is available. This is the case even if the only available flight is on a rival airline. Passengers whose flight was cancelled with little notice could be entitled to cash compensation. Compensation varies depending on the distance of the cancelled flight and should be at least £220. This week, the Government ordered airlines to cancel flights in July and August now to avoid last-minute chaos. The letter is thought to have been primarily addressed to easyJet due to the airline’s last minute cancellations. However, TUI, Wizz Air and British Airways have also cancelled flights as they struggle to cope with staff shortages. An easyJet boss said security clearance was taken too long and trained staff were still unable to start work. Britons could face a summer of travel misery if the chaos continues into the peak holiday period. British travellers should get to the airport with plenty of time but try not to arrive before the check-in opens. Passengers that arrive extremely early could exacerbate queues by getting ahead of tourists with earlier flights. Tourists should also ensure their liquids are in the right size bag and are separated before security. Rory Boland, editor of Which Travel? said on the cancellations: “Some holidaymakers have been notified on the day they were due to travel, which is totally unacceptable. “We continue to hear concerning examples of the airline failing to fulfil its legal obligations to passengers and ignoring their rights. “If a flight is cancelled within 14 days of departure, passengers could be entitled to compensation and should be offered the option of being rerouted using another carrier if necessary. “We know this requirement is not always being met, so the government and Civil Aviation Authority must intervene where airlines are playing fast and loose with the rules." 