Actor David Morrissey plays a detective on the hunt for justice after the murder of a miner, and his fictional character is forced to reluctantly accept the assistance of a Metropolitan police officer amid the politically charged backdrop of "red wall" town Sherwood. The 57-year-old has argued that in the aftermath of the miners' strikes era in the 1980s, where people took the side of either the government or the furious workers, the country remains divided. "What’s happening to our country now is that our sense of identity is being eroded," he argued. "How and when did Labour stop being able to rely on those 'red wall' towns like the one in Sherwood?" He added to the Radio Times: "You can have lots of arguments about that being a good thing or a bad thing, but it is in flux – and there’s lots of opportunity for exploitation, particularly in our modern media age. "The idea of compromise, or a centrist position, is the hardest thing at the moment." READ NOW: Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe The show's executive producer, James Graham, touched on exactly the same subject in an interview with the Financial Times. "We’re told these ‘Red Wall’ communities are the crucible of our search for national purpose and identity," he mused. "The miners’ strike reshaped this country’s political identity in a way people don’t always acknowledge.” In Nottinghamshire, where Sherwood is located, many of the miners decided to go back to work, regarding the strike as illegitimate. The Union of Democratic Mineworkers was created, while the police force were said to have become increasingly heavy handed with the protesters. "The Met’s return to Nottinghamshire in 2004 was incredibly emotive and provocative," James continued. "They were worried that people would think someone was targeting miners, so they put enormous effort into keeping the community informed and on side. "At a time when we’re questioning citizens’ contract with the police, whether it’s over the Sarah Everard killing . . . or Partygate, I was pretty impressed by that." DON'T MISS... James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle [DEBATE] Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT] Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [LATEST]  The drama was inspired by two seemingly unrelated, but nevertheless interconnected, real-life murders that took place in the mining district of Sherwood. "Right off the bat, you see that this is a personal story," David declared to the Radio Times. He spoke of how his character now found himself having to "police a murder that has affected his friends" and yet remain level-headed. For his own part, he was born and raised in Liverpool, and regards himself as being on the side of the miners. He believes his role gives rise to important questions about national identity, politics and police corruption that people need to talk about. "We’ve seen undercover operations within criminal and terrorist organisations in dramas like Line of Duty," he mused. "But the idea that there were undercover officers inside legal organisations eavesdropping on conversations, feeding back information and sometimes having relationships with people without telling them who they really were, is outrageous." Sherwood begins Monday, June 13, on BBC One and iPlayer, and episodes will continue on Mondays and Tuesdays at 9pm across three weeks. Meanwhile, the full interview with David Morrissey will run in this week's Radio Times out now.