Diana Abadjieva, 25, from London is a healthcare professional working for the NHS. She turned to Ultimate Performance to help her get into the best shape of her life. With a demanding job, Diana explained to Express.co.uk how the personalised training programme resulted in success. Before her weight loss, Diana weighed 10.8st (69kg) and was a UK dress size 12-14. “Before I started with Ultimate Performance, my diet was really bad,” she explained. “It was mostly sugar, fast food and fizzy drinks. “I was very unfit and struggling to do even simple things. When I would go for a walk, I was struggling to catch my breath, and that’s not normal for someone my age. “During lockdown, I gained about 15kg, and I was like ‘Oh my God! What has happened to me?’ “I lost my confidence in how I looked. My clothes didn’t fit me and I thought ‘I need to do something because I can’t keep on living like this.’ “In general, I was unhappy with the way I looked,” Diana added. “When I was on holiday, someone took some pictures and I hated them. I just wanted to hide. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: 'Most important principles' to lose belly fat “So, I knew I had to do something. So I signed up for a transformation with Ultimate Performance’s Mayfair gym.” After 22 weeks of hard work, Diana now weighs 8.5st (54kg) - having lost the 15kg she put on during lockdown - and wears a size six to eight in clothes. Looking back, Diana said: “I’d never done any weight training before, so at first I was very nervous and worried! But my trainer Marianne put me completely at ease.” In terms of what exercises she did, Diana explained: “Full body weight training. “It was really hard, I was really pushing myself, but after a couple of weeks I started to see changes to my body.” DON'T MISS...Why you should never boil rice - correct way to cook rice [GUIDE]Sophie Wessex's fast becoming Kate’s right hand woman - ‘trusted' [BODY LANGUAGE]Cruise tips: Jane McDonald shares her vital packing advice [VIDEO] Diana didn’t have a specific area where she was looking to weight, she wanted to improve her physique overall. “I put on weight everywhere, especially my tummy and love handles,” she said. “I started by training two times a week with my UP trainer, following my nutrition plan and towards the end training four to five times a week in the gym and also doing exercise at home.” As for her diet, “I was on high protein, balanced diet, as advised by my trainer,” she revealed. Breakfast - Eatup Protein waffles or avocado and eggs Lunch - Eatup Cajun Seabass or salmon and rice salad Snack - Whey Protein shake and a portion of fruit Dinner - Eatup Chicken Thai Curry or chicken salad Looking back, Diana revealed what her biggest challenge was. She said: “As I was working a 12-hour Night Shifts I was worried how it will fit around it and will I even have the energy to do it. So my trainer, Marianne, and I, had to work around that. “Sometimes it was a bit difficult because I was very tired. Working nights was tiring of course, but I made sure I had enough sleep, ate well and in fact working out before work gave me energy. “We did progress check-ins every two weeks and the results and photos kept me motivated. “But the funny thing is, after my workout and being in the gym, I’d have more energy and even when I had to work after being in the gym, I had more energy, I felt good.” Diana also shared her proudest achievement: “I had expectations but I achieved even more than that. Everything fits me now - I had to buy new clothes! I’m so happy. “I am finally confident and happy with myself for the first time in a long time. I keep looking at my photoshoot pictures! “My friends, who hadn’t seen me for a long time, were shocked. They kept saying ‘wow, is this really you?’ They couldn’t believe the before and after pictures. “I live with my sister and she says I look like a completely different person. “I also have more confidence to go to the gym on my own, and how to eat correctly. I’m a completely different person compared to who I was before starting my transformation with Ultimate Performance. “I am the best version of myself right now, not just on the outside but on the inside, and I keep on going,” she added. Diana also gave some advice for anyone in a similar position: “Don't feel ashamed and scared. This is not who you are, if you are unhappy with yourself you have to make the decision. “Action is everything. I would also advise them to start with a personal trainer my PT was vital during my transformation. She taught me about nutrition, guided me to exercise correctly and effectively, she also saw my potential and pushed me to my limits, believing in me. “That's what made me the person I am now.”