The triple lock will make state pension payments rise by around £1,000 next year as retirees finally get their due from the Government. But there are some who may miss out on the rise - read on to find out if you’re one of the unlucky few. The triple lock acts as a guarantee for the basic State Pension ensuring it will rise by a minimum of either 2.5 percent, the rate of inflation or average earnings growth - whichever is the largest of these. This year the triple lock mechanism was removed by Chancellor Rishi Sunak due to an abnormal rise in average earnings growth due to the furlough scheme. Due to furlough artificially inflating wages during the pandemic, the link to average earnings was removed, resulting in pensioners only getting a 3.1 percent rise. This put the new weekly rate up from £179.60 to £185.15, and the basic rate up from £137.60 to £141.85. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? If the triple lock was kept in place this year, the state pension would have risen at the fastest rate in more than a decade - going up by £882 per year. But the Government has promised pensioners they will be guaranteed by the triple lock again in 2023 and with inflation currently floating close to 10 percent meaning they could be in for a significant boost. If the promise is kept, pensioners could be in line for an extra £960 per year in their pocket. But some won’t be so lucky - so who could miss out on the biggest ever state pension increase? Pensioners who live abroad in a country with no reciprocal social security agreement will not see their pension payments rise in 2023. If you live in one of the following countries and claim UK state pension, your payments will go up: • The EEA• Gibraltar• Switzerland• Barbados• Bermuda• Bosnia-Herzegovina• Gibraltar• Guernsey• the Isle of Man• Israel• Jamaica• Jersey• Kosovo• Mauritius• Montenegro• North Macedonia• the Philippines• Serbia• Turkey• USA  DON'T MISSState pension to hit £10,000 but half a million people will miss out [INSIGHT]Retirement and me: Mum torn between 'selling house or pension early' [REPORT]To beat cost of living crisis we must cut taxes, not raise them [OPINION] John Duffy, the chair of the International Consortium of British Pensioners has called on the Government to change the policy so all British pensioners can benefit. Mr Duffy explained: “Although we welcome the rise in UK pensions, we are hugely disappointed that the UK Government is continuing to treat British citizens living in an arbitrary list of countries unfairly. “This outrageously cruel policy is excluding pensioners, many of whom spent their working lives in the UK and leaving them to face poverty and financial hardship. “The UK Government could choose to end this policy now but instead continues to treat British pensioners across the world unequally, despite the contributions they have made to the UK. “We hope the Government will engage in future discussions to end this policy and give all UK pensioners the support they are entitled to, no matter where they live.” A DWP spokesperson said: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. “There is information on GOV.UK about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. “The Government’s policy on the uprating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”