It's hard to believe, but Wordle fans are currently working their way through puzzle 371! And far from getting any easier, it seems the higher the number, the harder these Wordle puzzles are starting to get. Fortunately, Express Online is back with yet more clues to help hardcore Wordle fans figure out the answer. Indeed, if you're struggling with Wordle 371 for June 25, then head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues. Good luck! The word game that has been copied more times than the school boffin, Wordle is ideal for when you have ten minutes to spare and need to relax. The aim of the game is to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you can deduce that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you want to avoid losing your streak, keep on reading for the latest Wordle hints for the June 25 puzzle... Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'AUDIO' or 'ARISE' are good starting words, as they contain lots of vowels. If you use 'AUDIO', perhaps follow it up with something like 'SPENT' to incorporate even more common letters. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 371 clues for June 25... 1. Wordle 371 starts with the letter B. 2. Wordle 371 contains two vowels. 3. Little eyes staring at you.