Brian Motherway, head of energy efficiency at the International Energy Agency, told Express.co.uk politicians and industry leaders “need to talk the language of consumers” when persuading them to switch to less costly and environmentally damaging heating options. Many people just want comfortable lives, he admitted, and so convincing them to switch to less exciting but more efficient heating systems, such as a heat pump, would be a challenge. Log burners have become somewhat of a middle-class ideal in recent years, with popularity among UK consumers rising sharply. However, Government data released in February this year laid bare the deeply damaging effects the cosy wood stoves are having, finding the traditional heaters produced more small particle pollution than all of the UK’s road traffic. A study by the European Environmental Bureau found even so-called eco-friendly log burners can emit as much as 750 times more small particulate pollution than a HGV lorry. It is estimated that around 200,000 of the wood-burning stoves are sold in Britain a year, with vendors seeing a hike as consumers seek cheaper alternatives to gas boilers. READ MORE: UK companies told to adopt energy efficiency as ‘it’s good business’ Whereas gas prices have risen sharply due to the coronavirus pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, placing pressure on household energy bills, running a log burner is said to cost a fraction of the price. Mr Motherway, the IEA’s efficiency “guru”, recognised it was currently a tough sell getting people to consider buying into low-carbon heating systems, as despite having good payback times, often came with hefty upfront costs. In the case of heat pumps, the Government has been criticised for only offering grants up to £6,000 for installation, when some consumers have been quoted as much as £30,000. Mr Motherway commented that while “people like me sit down and open a spreadsheet and think about their heating and their payback times”, many “want comfortable lives, they want warm homes, they want to look after their families”. He added: “Policy-makers and industry leaders need to talk the language of consumers, not talk the language of the technology and the industry, and realise: well, what do people actually want in terms of better comfort, the nice warm glow, but also cheaper bills? “Now’s the time to be talking about questions like cheaper bills.” In a report released in time for a summit in Denmark this week, the IEA estimates energy efficiency policies could save the world 30 million barrels of oil a day – three times more than what Russia produced last year. Meanwhile, it would also save around four times the amount of natural gas the EU imported from Russia in 2021. Mr Motherway noted it was “no coincidence” he had employed such comparisons, and urged Governments to consider energy demand rather than energy supply in the bid to bring bills down. He said: “When we talk about energy, we think about the wind turbines, about the gas – the supply side. The conversations focus on supply, and they need to focus more on demand. “In these times, there’s something of an opportunity. We see people everywhere interested and engaging more. We get a lot of people asking us: ‘What can I do, personally, to help Ukraine?’ Or, ‘How can I make a difference in my life?’  “Equally, we get people saying, ‘How can I change my behaviour to support addressing climate change?’ We’ve seen in a lot of countries those factors are real drivers of energy efficiency right now.” Thomas Nowak, a lobbyist and secretary general of the European Heat Pump Association, said: “If you’re not considering total cost of ownership, you’re not seeing that this could become cheaper in the long run even if you’re on a tight budget.” He argued it was “essential” that “Government subsidy schemes should be connected to advice mechanisms that educate the end user” as the “helplessness” towards heat pumps “needs to be overcome”. Mr Nowak estimated around 60 percent of people could afford to install more energy-efficient, eco-friendly heating options, and Government incentives should focus on low-income households, adding: “If I make £100,000 a year, do I need support from the Government? No.” In its report, the IEA predicts if its energy efficiency measures were to be implemented, by 2030 globally household energy bills would be $650billion (£528billion) less per year. However, given the predicted world population by that point, that saving would work out around $77 (£62) per capita. Queried on this figure, Mr Motherway noted that this saving would not be uniform, and some people were likely to benefit far more. He told this website: “This is a global figure; people in large parts of the world are using less energy than us, either because they can’t afford it or they can’t access it, and therefore their bills are a lot lower. “So that amount of money represents a much more significant proportional saving in some parts of the world, and it accrues every year; that’s the point. [...] I kind of think that $650billion saved every year is a decent enough prize to be chasing.” Yet, he admitted that energy-efficient measures were “a tough enough sell often, because Governments perceive that it doesn’t get citizens excited”. Many countries were only now announcing funds to incentivise the move. Mr Motherway likened the situation to insurance policies: “We don’t get excited until we need them – and that’s what’s happened for Governments.”