During Tuesday night's episode, viewers were left with a major cliffhanger as Toyah (played by Georgia Taylor) and Imran (Charlie De Melo) were seen lying unconscious in a horrific car crash. At the beginning of the year, Charlie revealed he would be walking away from Imran and moving onto new horizons. However, a new theory could see Toyah take revenge on Abi (Sally Carman) for the issues that they have all faced and decide to take custody of Alfie as revenge. In recent scenes, Imran discovered that Abi was planning on running away with their son to Costa Rica with the help of her husband, Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell). Trying to justify her actions, Abi broke down in tears, begging Imran not to go to the police and take another son away from her. As Abi stormed out, Imran took their son back home and explained to Toyah what he had just witnessed, panicking his wife. Feeling guilty about trusting Abi and letting Alife out of her sight, she told Imran she wanted to go to the police, but Imran stopped her as he knew he would get in trouble too. READ MORE: Lucy Pargeter age: How old is Emmerdale's Chas Dingle star? Imran had previously lied about seeing Abi back on drugs in order for him to have custody of their son, but if Toyah tells the police about Abi, he will be exposed. Bumping into Kevin in the street, Imran promised Kevin he wasn't going to go to the police and was on his way to tell Toyah the truth. Imran finally catches Toyah before she is able to say anything to the police and convinces her to go home with him so he can explain what really happened. However, as the episode came to an end, the pair were seen lying unconscious in their car after being involved in a horrific crash. Tonight, viewers will see the aftermath of the crash and follow the ongoing custody battle for baby Alfie. Touching on what she would like for Toyah in the end, actress Georgia Taylor told Express.co.uk and other press: "I think for Toyah some sort of shared custody would be the perfect outcome. "She very much still wants to be a part of Alfie's life as his step mum but wouldn't have the guilt of essentially feeling like she has taken a baby away from its mother, which is what she is battling at the moment." Knowing that Abi is the reason they are in the mess they are in, will Toyah get her revenge on Abi and push even harder for sole custody of baby Alfie? DON'T MISS...What time is Coronation Street on tonight? [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Abi Franklin star addresses future on ITV soap [LATER]Coronation Street’s Kevin Webster confirms character exit [MORE] Will this be the end of their friendship as well as their co-parenting goals? Abi actress Sally Carman also touched on what she would like to see for Abi and Toyah and explained: "She absolutely would (love co-parenting) because we talked about, 'Why does Alfie have to have one or the other why can't it be both?' "That really landed with Abi, so yeah, I think she would because she is thinking about what is best for her son." Announcing his departure from the show, a source said: "Charlie’s loved his time on the soap, but the time is right to try new things. “He’s hugely talented and very ambitious and wants to see what else is out there. “He will always cherish his time in Weatherfield, but for now, it’s goodbye." Coronation Street bosses have kept Imran's exit tightly under wraps, with it all coming to fruition in tonight's mid-week episode. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.