The alert issued by the weather department will come into effect from 2AM till 9AM on Thursday morning. According to the department, there is the potential for 25-50 mm of rain in a few hours along with a risk of lightning.  It further suggested that the weather could cause some flooding of a few homes and businesses, which may lead to some damage to buildings or structures. The unsettling weather conditions could also cause some damage to a few buildings and structures from lightning strikes along with some short-term loss of power and other services. Driving conditions will be affected by spray and standing water leading to longer journey times by car and bus, the Met Office further warned.  On Wednesday, the Met Office issued another yellow rain warning for Northern Ireland. The department stated: “Heavy rain may bring localised flooding and some travel disruption. “Spray and flooding on roads probably making journey times longer. “Bus and train services probably affected with journey times taking longer.” READ MORE: M6 CLOSED: Pictures show four-mile gridlock hell  The department stated that an area of heavy rain is likely to develop early on Thursday morning which could bring 20-30mm within a few hours, which would be enough to bring some flooding to prone spots. Meanwhile, temperatures are set to soar to 30C or just below across three days in the first week of July. WX Charts show that by Monday, July 4, the south east will see a slight increase to 27C and by Wednesday, July 6, it will reach 29C in central London, Sussex and Kent, dropping to 28C in Hertfordshire, Essex and Cambridgeshire. Senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, Jim Dale said the end of June will feel somewhat colder than it has earlier in the month.  DON'T MISS:Peston: Putin’s invasion ‘nowhere near conclusion’ says expertGB news: Guest slams ‘impossible’ bid for Brexit Britain Ukraine LIVE: Erdogan slammed for wasting 'NATO card' in botched plot But by the weekend things will start to change, and the mercury will begin to heat up in anticipation of a sizzling week ahead. Mr Dale said: “The situation will be improving on Sunday (July 3) and warming up again into the following week with high temperatures of 30C in south east England based on current trends.” 