The journalist found out in 2016 she had incurable cancer and went on to host You, Me and the Big C podcast on BBC Radio 5. The 40-year-old was discharged from hospital last month and told she had just days to live. On Thursday, an episode of Embarrassing Bodies on E4 showed the charity campaigner opening up on the moment she received the life-changing diagnosis. Speaking to GP Dr Tosin Ajayi-Sotubo, she admitted the diagnosis was the "last thing" she'd been expecting. She explained: "I started going to poo - we need to say that - eight times a day. "And I used to be a once-a-day kind of girl. Then I started getting really tired and I remember drinking loads of cups of coffee just to try and keep myself awake. "Then I started losing loads of weight and I started having blood in my poo." READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna Speaking candidly about the importance of recognising the signs of the illness, she added that "talk of poo should never be a taboo". In view of her 962,000 followers, Deborah took to Instagram on the day the show aired. She explained: "I recorded this with the Embarrassing Bodies team a good while ago but it's out tonight. "Tonight I join the Embarrassing Bodies team to discuss some simple but important ways on detecting early bowel cancer symptoms." Posting clips from the show, she added: "Smashing the poo taboo!" On Wednesday, Deborah was able to enjoy a day at Royal Ascot as she admitted she is in "limbo land". In an Instagram post, a smiling and dressed-up Deborah seemed to be enjoying making memories with her family. She wrote: "Yesterday was really special," and went on to say: "Memories made, but most importantly I got three wins in a row and am still bouncing off the ceiling from them! DON'T MISS... EastEnders fans 'work out' Linda Carter's revenge plot on Janine [THEORY]Matt Lucas gobsmacked as he discovers Anne Frank connection [LATEST]Exasperated Dominic Raab shakes head at Garrawa’s wine probe [VIDEO] "I find myself living in limbo land, not really knowing what the future holds and for how long. "It's a very stressful uncertain place to be because when I was discharged from hospital over a month ago I was given days, maybe a week to live. "And I felt like it. But as we all know life doesn't go according to plan, so I'm just grateful for whatever extra time the powers that be have decided to grant me. "So despite the unnerving tears, I look at the sunshine, smile and think, wow, life is a funny thing isn't it! Better enjoy!" Followers have praised the blogger for continuing to share her journey in a candid and inspiring way. Instagram user Katiestarmers wrote: "You are amazing, such an inspiration and such a fighter." tashamcgraw commented: "A total inspirational lady for us all with or without cancer." "That's your rebellious hope right there - giving you extra time," remarked melanie_197103. "That smile could light up any room," cbuzzbee added. Embarrassing Bodies can be watched now on All4.