Chelsea could wreck Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp’s Jude Bellingham transfer plan as the Blues reportedly hold a long-term interest in landing the youngster. Bellingham came through the Birmingham City academy before moving to Borussia Dortmund in the summer of 2020. Bellingham, who is still only 18 years old, is regarded as a generational talent and was a regular for Birmingham in the Championship at the age of just 16. He made 44 appearances for the St Andrews club, before going on to star in Germany. The midfielder has racked up 10 goals and 18 assists in 89 appearances for Dortmund and has starred for his club in the Bundesliga and Champions League over the last two seasons. He has also been a regular in Gareth Southgate’s England squad and has already won 15 caps for his country. Liverpool have been tipped to eventually take Bellingham to Anfield. But, according to football.london, Chelsea watched the prodigy during his days at Birmingham and have been interested in signing him for a long time. And that could come as a blow to Klopp, who would surely jump at the prospect of having such a talented player plying his trade at the heart of his Reds side. READ MORE: Christian Eriksen 'makes decision on Man Utd transfer' as Tottenham twist takes place Bellingham is contracted to Dortmund until 2025, so a move away from Germany this summer looks unlikely. But as his contract winds down over the coming years, there will plenty of interest in him and a move to the Premier League could well be on the cards. “The only future I think about is the next game for Dortmund,” the star said last month. “I look forward to next season, I look forward to it starting again. But yes, I will be here next season and I will be ready.” DON'T MISSLiverpool told to sell Jurgen Klopp favourite who is 'not good enough' - 'Time to go'Man Utd star David De Gea 'unhappy' as details emerge ahead of Erik ten Hag eraArsenal 'cooling' Youri Tielemans transfer interest with Fabio Vieira set for medical  Chelsea have traditionally been willing to shell out huge sums of money to sign top players. But they are now under new ownership - so it remains to be seen whether they will be so wanton in the transfer market. Liverpool, meanwhile, have carved out a reputation for their sagacious transfer dealings. But they aren’t short of funds when the right players come along. Bellingham has never played in the Premier League and will surely see his long-term future at a club that can offer him the best opportunity to win domestic and European trophies. So if Chelsea or Liverpool offer the youngster the right deal, it could well prove too tempting for him to turn down. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 