Smartphone users are facing an ever-growing threat that could leave their most personal details in the hands of hackers. It's highly likely that anyone with an iPhone or Android device in their pocket will have already been targeted by scammers who are using fake text messages in a bid to siphon data such as bank details and home addresses. Most of the messages being sent out claim to be from delivery firms such as DHL or the Post Office and almost always include links to fake websites that look so real it's easy to see how people are being duped. According to experts at Proofpoint, these parcel scams have exploded over the past year and there's no sign of things slowing down. In fact, over the past three months, the number of fake 'smishing' texts spotted by the security team has hit new levels with things increasing by over 70 percent. And of those, parcel delivery scams make up around 41 percent. Most worrying, awareness of Smishing (SMS-phishing) amongst consumers is low and is actually decreasing globally year over year, according to Proofpoint Speaking about the threat, “Users should be careful with mobile messages that appear to be delivery related. Smishing lures disguised as delivery alerts or notifications often appear authentic and can trick the unexpecting user. It is best to check pending deliveries in the vender’s app or by directly entering the vender’s website in the browser. “We have witnessed significant volumes of package delivery and parcel related lures in the UK since 1Q 2021," said W. Stuart Jones, Director, Technical Marketing, Cloudmark Division at Proofpoint. " Increases in e-commerce and mobile computing have made mobile tracking of deliveries commonplace for many. Scammers are increasingly trying to target anxious consumers who may be waiting online orders by sending them authentic looking messages." If you receive a message from a delivery firm saying confirmation is needed before a package can be sent to your front door then it's a likely to be scam. It's especially important to be on the lookout if the message takes you to a website that then asks for money to be paid. Even if the fee the small, scammers can easily use this method to steal banking credentials. Express.co.uk reported on a Post Office text scam last year that looked so convincing it's easy to see how users were losing money - you can read full details and how not to become the next victim here.