The military display comes at the start of a four-day bank holiday weekend for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who have travelled from the US, will be among royals watching as Prince Charles deputises for the monarch, who will not take part in the ceremony on Thursday. Harry and Meghan will watch on with other members of the Royal Family from the Duke of Wellington's former office overlooking Horse Guards Parade as the Prince of Wales inspects the guardsmen and officers and takes their salute. Following the ceremony, the Queen will acknowledge the salute of the returning Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment from Buckingham Palace's balcony, with her cousin the Duke of Kent, Colonel of the Scots Guards. The 96-year-old, who is suffering from mobility issues, will also join members of the Royal Family on the balcony for the traditional flypast. However, Harry and Meghan will miss out on the balcony appearance after it was previously confirmed the Queen was limiting the moment to working royals only. Charles, who normally takes part in the ceremony on horseback in his role as Colonel of the Welsh Guards, will take the salute and inspect the troops of the Household Division on the Queen's behalf. The heir to the throne will be joined by Prince William, Colonel of the Irish Guards, and Princess Anne, Colonel of The Blues and Royals, who are also mounted. Members of the Royal Family who will travel to Trooping in the traditional carriage procession include Camilla, Kate, Prince Edward, Sophie and their children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the Princess Royal's husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence will also arrive at Horse Guards Parade in a horse-drawn carriage. READ MORE: Meghan 'will be distraction' but will give Queen spotlight Lord Snowdon and his sister Lady Sarah Chatto, children of the Queen's sister Princess Margaret, have been invited to the event with their families and will join the royal party in the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade. It comes as the Sussexes arrived in Britain yesterday with their children Archie and Lilibet for the Jubilee. Harry and Meghan are staying at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage. The couple are also expected to attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in central London on Friday. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan reacts as Meghan and Harry's popularity at 'all time low' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'going to have tough week' [VIDEO]Meghan Markle's Jubilee stint slammed by GB News guest [ANALYSIS] Other events during the Jubilee weekend include the BBC's Party at the Palace on Saturday. Saturday is also the first birthday of Harry and Meghan's daughter Lili and the tot is likely to see her namesake great-grandmother. There is even speculation that Lilibet could be christened while she is in the UK. The finale on Sunday is the Jubilee Pageant through the streets of the capital. It is hoped the monarch will make a final appearance on the balcony of her London royal residence to round off the bumper weekend. The Queen shared a message and a new portrait was unveiled last night to mark the start of the Jubilee. Harry and Meghan's return to the UK comes as a new poll shows their popularity has sunk to a record low. Nearly two thirds of Britons - 63 percent - hold a negative view of the couple, according to the YouGov survey on the favourability of members of the Royal Family. The Sussexes are living in California after stepping back as senior royals in March 2020. 