A Premier League footballer who was arrested last year on suspicion of child sex offences is still reportedly being paid as normal by his club. The footballer, who cannot be named due to legal reasons, was arrested on July 16 last year and hasn’t played since. According to The Athletic, the footballer in question is still waiting to discover whether the police investigation will eventually result in the Crown Prosecution Service issuing criminal charges following allegations he had unlawful sexual activity with a girl under the age of 16. He has been placed on police bail on five occasions over the last 11 months and will be asked to finally answer bail exactly one year after the date of his arrest. The footballer was suspended by his club following his arrest and was subsequently moved to a safe house with his previous address having become known. And to protect his security it has even been suggested that skylights at his new house have been taped over to avoid the risk of drones filming from above. The player has reportedly had his laptop taken away from him but has still been able to pick up his pay packet, which is thought to be six figures, in full while he waits to see what happens next. READ MORE: Tottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing When the news initially broke, the squad at the club of the player were brought together for a meeting, during which they were told about the allegations. But the specifics of the case weren’t explained and some players found it hard to know how they should react. The club have reportedly pulled down the shutters and tried to carry on as usual after taking legal advice on how to handle the situation. And they have not been drawn into providing any on-the-record or off-the-record updates.     It has taken nearly a whole year just to get to this situation and it could be a long time before there is a conclusion. And Dino Nocivelli, a partner at Leigh Day solicitors who specialise in alleged abuse, says drawn-out proceedings help nobody. “The delay by the criminal justice system to investigate crimes is of concern to all involved, whether that be complainants or defendants,” Nocivelli told The Athletic. “Sadly, this is becoming an increasingly common and worsening problem. “I believe that justice delayed is often justice denied. The impact on alleged victims can be very damaging. It means they cannot obtain the full therapy they need. They cannot try to move forward with their lives while a (potential) court case hangs over them and their wait for justice and closure continues. I appreciate that this delay can also affect defendants as well.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 