As they approached the cathedral, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were met with a chorus of both cheers and boos from the British public. It was the only Platinum Jubilee event the two attended. American podcaster Megyn Kelly expressed shock that they were again “openly booed” when they walked back down the steps after the ceremony. She said it was “remarkable”. However, for GB News host Mark Steyn, the disapproval from the British public came as anything but a surprise. He said to Ms Kelly the public understands that the Duke and Duchess should be seen as “phonies” and “talentless self-promoters”. He argued that while other major figures such as George Clooney are up front about their celebrity lifestyle, the Sussexes “say they’re all about the little man”. Mr Steyn argued that instead “they want to go to cocktail parties in Beverly Hills. “At least be honest about it.” The couple caused a further furore when they left the UK yesterday before the Platinum Jubilee had even ended, and doing so with little ceremony. A royal commentator said Harry's new reality "must have sunk in" during the St Paul’s ceremony as he waited a "painful 19 minutes" for Prince William to take his seat after him. Royal expert Richard Kay claimed the seating arrangement at St Paul's Cathedral for the service of thanksgiving on Friday was the "public reality of Harry's slide down the royal pecking order". The Prince has just been pictured arriving in California, appearing pensive. READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' [REVEAL] A YouGov popularity poll released ahead of the Jubilee revealed that Harry and Meghan’s approval rating was at an all-time low. The poll – carried out on 1,692 GB adults asked between May 18 and 19 whether they held a positive or negative opinion of each of the key royals analysed – shows the Duke of Sussex's favourability score, has dropped to -26. This means 32 percent of the people surveyed see Harry in a positive light compared to 58 percent who think of him negatively. In a similar poll carried out between March 16 and 17, Harry had scored -25. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia step out in the same dress [REVEAL]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry stuck 'babysitting' Tindall children during Jubilee [ANALYSIS] Meghan's popularity has also dropped when comparing the most recent results of the YouGov poll to the one conducted in March. Her favourability score has gone from -39 to -42. Among the Britons interviewed by the pollster in May, only 23 percent said to have a positive opinion of the Duchess against 63 percent saying to have a negative one. People aged between 18 and 24 are more likely to see Meghan and Harry in a positive light, with 38 percent of those aged 18 to 24 said to have a positive opinion of the Duchess against 36 percent who see her negatively, with a net score of +2.