Newcastle will make an offer of a ‘significant sum’ to sign rumoured Arsenal and Manchester United target Victor Osimhen, according to reports in the Italian media. The Magpies are keen to strengthen their attack ahead of next season and have the money to splash on an expensive new striker. Napoli forward Osimhen has enjoyed some excellent form in Italy and has been linked with both Arsenal and Man Utd. The 23-year-old scored goals across all competitions last season and has 15 strikes in just 22 caps for Nigeria. Newcastle signed Chris Wood from Burnley for £25m in January but the New Zealander scored just twice for Eddie Howe’s side. By the end of the campaign, Wood had been replaced by the previously injured Callum Wilson in Howe’s starting 11. That has led to the Saudi-rich club targeting a forward this summer. And they will apparently make a speculative move for Osimhen. JUST IN: Pulisic sent Sterling Chelsea advice as Premier League suitors named According to Italian publication Gazzetta dello Sport, Newcastle will offer a ‘significant sum’ for Osimhen in a bid to rival Premier League rivals Arsenal and United to a deal. They initially tried to sign the former Wolfsburg man in January but failed to come to an agreement. However, Osimhen is reportedly unconvinced by a move to Newcastle in a major blow to Howe’s plans. With Arsenal and United currently not trying to sign him, he would rather remain at Napoli and play in European competition. The star’s goals helped Napoli qualify for the Champions League ahead of next season. A move to Newcastle, who finished 11th in the top-flight, is not especially appealing. DON'T MISS...Sporting Lisbon chief responds after Ronaldo romantic return linksErik ten Hag and John Murtough make Man Utd transfer decisionJoao Felix breaks silence on Atletico Madrid future amid Spurs links Newcastle are expecting to complete a busy summer transfer window in a bid to help Howe elevate the club among the Premier League’s elite. Amanda Staveley announced ambitious plans when the Saudi Public Investment Fund-backed takeover was finally ratified by the league last October. Howe did an excellent job of guiding the Magpies from the relegation places to a mid-table finish, largely helped by an £80m winter spend. Midfielder Bruno Guimaraes, signed from Lyon, was particularly impressive. Newcastle have already made the January loan signing of Matt Targett a permanent deal. The 26-year-old was excellent after arriving from Aston Villa. England goalkeeper Nick Pope has also been signed from Burnley in a bargain deal believed to be worth around £12m. Pope, 30, has earned a reputation as one of the Premier League’s best goalkeepers despite the Clarets’ relegation last term. A deal for long-term target Sven Botman is already rumoured to be close with a medical for the defender set to take place next week.