Boris Johnson's Government was imperilled by 41 percent of Conservative MPs, who voiced their lack of confidence in the Prime Minister, following a crunch vote yesterday. Although Mr Johnson survived, he is critically wounded and embarking on a path that has eventually dethroned every one of his predecessors who suffered a similar fate. His only hope is to find favour among his disaffected colleagues, and Rishi Sunak appears poised to deliver on that front. Speaking earlier today to the Conservative Party-aligned Onward think tank, Mr Sunak appeared to hint at three coming breaks for businesses. Extracts released by the Treasury earlier this week suggested the Chancellor would bring forward measures designed to incentivise UK investment. His plans hinged on three key priorities for the country, the extracts showed. He told attendees that he would base his future policies on capital, people and ideas. READ MORE: Scale of Boris betrayal laid bare in stunning map - 90 rebels quiet He said: "So in the autumn we will be setting out a range of tax cuts and reforms to incentivise businesses to invest more, train more and innovate more. "Because getting this right won't just mean the 'economy' improves, but real places too." The pledge made by Mr Sunak may sound familiar to those following the Government's announcements, as he made a similar pledge in May. He first debuted the line during a speech to business leaders attending the Confederation of British Industry's (CBI) annual dinner. Last month on May 18, he asked business leaders to "invest more, train more, and innovate more". He added during his speech that his "firm plan" was to incentivise this by reducing and reforming taxes. Mr Sunak's allusions to coming tax breaks will be designed to help recover favour from his own supporters, not just the Prime Minister's. His attempts to help alleviate the cost of living crisis last month garnered heavy criticism from recognised economists, including the CBI. The organisation and the Federation of Small Business (FSB) said the £15 billion cost of living package did not include assistance for businesses. On May 30, the FSB warned that the Chancellor would need to release more aid for businesses on the verge of collapse. The organisation claimed that almost 500,000 would go bust "within weeks", without urgent help, Despite applauding the help for some vulnerable Britons, Martin McTague, the FSB chairman, said inflation promised to unravel many smaller businesses. He said: "They are facing something like twice the rate of inflation for their production prices, and it’s a ticking timebomb. "They have got literally weeks left before they run out of cash and that will mean hundreds of thousands of businesses, and lots of people losing their jobs.” About 40 percent of the country's small businesses, two million in total, had fewer than three months' worth of funds to support their operations. Consumer price inflation has risen to its highest level since 1982 in April, scraping nine percent.