Manchester United have received a boost when it comes to signing Christian Eriksen, with reports saying the financial terms offered to the 30-year-old are ‘acceptable’ to the player. However, any move to Old Trafford remains in the balance. And that’s because of Tottenham, who are also interested in snapping up the Denmark international this summer. Manchester United are working with a restricted transfer budget this summer, with a £120million fee being quoted. And Eriksen is in their sights, with the Denmark international available for free due to the fact he recently left Brentford. United, according to the Mirror, have offered the 30-year-old a one-year contract with an option of a second. And it’s also been claimed that the financial terms on offer to the midfielder have been deemed ‘acceptable’, in a welcome boost. But while that bodes well for United, there’s still no guarantee Eriksen will end up making the move to Old Trafford this summer. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer Tottenham are also lurking, with Eriksen previously spending the best years of his career turning out for the north London side. Signed from Ajax in 2013, he emerged as a vital player - particularly during the years where Mauricio Pochettino ruled the roost. And Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is apparently playing a ‘big role’ as Spurs look to bring Eriksen back to the capital. The 30-year-old previously played under the Italian at Inter Milan, where the pair won the Scudetto together. Eriksen was forced to leave Inter after his cardiac arrest last summer, with the playmaker collapsing during a match between Denmark and Finland at the European Championships. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links And Conte is leading Tottenham’s charge to bring their former No 23 back to the club this summer. With Spurs also having Champions League football to offer, United may struggle to land Eriksen despite Ten Hag’s determination. And the player himself is said to be leaning towards staying in London, with Brentford also refusing to give up on keeping him. United have had five Danish players on their books over the years. Jesper Olsen and Johnny Sivebaek both had periods at the club, making a combined total of 210 appearances for the club. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Peter Schmeichel was the biggest success story, winning the treble in 1999 and featuring 398 times for the Red Devils. And, since Schmeichel, United have also had Mads Timm and Anders Lindegaard on their books. Meanwhile, regarding Eriksen, former Rangers and Aston Villa boss Alex McLeish recently gave his verdict on the 30-year-old. And he expressed a belief that, if United do land the player, they’ll be onto a winner. “For me, it’s a no-brainer. If they can get Christian, take him in a heartbeat,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I still feel that United are nickel and diming a little bit. With the manager, there have been some players Man United have been linked with that I think: ‘No’. “I just cannot see progress for Man United in that respect when I see some of the names linked with them. “This is what Ten Hag will find is the most difficult part of his career and life, recruitment. “If he and the recruitment guys don’t recruit the guys that can take Man United to another level then I’m sorry, it’s going to be the same old, same old. “We’ve seen it for the last five, six years, or let me go back even further, since Sir Alex (Ferguson).”