Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were demoted to the second row at St Paul's Cathedral during the service of thanksgiving for the Platinum Jubilee. The relegated position was a "visual snub" from the Royal Family, according to GB News host Alastair Stewart. Angela Levin, the royal biographer, agreed with Mr Stewart's claims, saying the couple were "absolutely furious" by the arrangement. Mr Stewart said: "They were in the second row, not behind the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge, but in the second row even behind people like the Wessexes. "He wouldn't be there if the Queen didn't want him to be there - but to me, it was a visual snub. "It was not a total snub. They got the proper royal car and they were escorted down the aisle." Ms Levin said Hary and Meghan were visibly seething by the second-row seats. JUST IN: Jubilee LIVE: 'How sad for Meghan and Harry' Duke and Duchess miss out  She said: "If you look at Harry's face, I spent a year with him when I did his biography. "He wears his expressions and feelings on his face and he was absolutely furious." Co-panellist Norman Baker responded: "Because they were on the second row?" Ms Levin said: "Yes, they were furious. He was furious he had to get people to move up. He was very angry."  So far, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's return to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations has been notably low-key. Royal aides sought to avoid any frosty interaction between William and Harry after the couples barely acknowledged each other at the Commonwealth Day service in March 2020. Instead, they sat the couple far away from the Cambridges as well as from the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall. Royal correspondent and friend of Meghan, Omid Scobie, told BBC Breakfast on Friday that Harry and Meghan “want to be as low profile as possible during this trip”. DON'T MISS: GB News panellist slams Meghan-bashing for going too far [VIDEO]Victoria Derbyshire gets 'emotional' over Queen's Paddington Bear skit [REACTION]Jubilee LIVE: 'How sad for Meghan and Harry' Duke and Duchess miss out [LIVE BLOG]  They were also not present at yesterday's Platinum Party at the Palace, which drew huge crowds of royal supporters. The final day of the Jubilee celebrations on Sunday will end with a huge pageant near Buckingham Palace. More than 70,000 Big Jubilee Lunches will also be held across the country on Sunday afternoon. Around ten million are expected to sit down with their neighbours for street parties, picnics, and barbecues. 