Halfords is offering commuters affected by this week's rail strikes the chance to use an electric bike for free to get to work. The high street retailer will be offering electric bike loans at all of its 404 stores nationwide to help those affected by the rail strikes on Tuesday June 21, Thursday June 23 and Saturday June 25. As long as you have a valid season ticket you'll be able to take advantage of the electric bike trial Halfords is running. If you're wondering whether you can take advantage of this scheme, simply head to the Halfords website and enter your postcode to see if your local store has trials available. Electric bike trials will be offered this week to commuters, who will also have to put down a deposit when they pick up the bike. This £101 deposit will be refunded to you once you return an electric bike, and trials are available on a first come first serve basis. Speaking about the scheme, Halfords cycling director Paul Tomlinson said: "Millions of commuters face travel misery this week, so we are stepping up to offer our trial ebikes to rail commuters during the disruption and making them available to loan from all 404 stores nationwide on a first come first served basis. Ebikes are fun, fast, and take the strain out of hills, making them the perfect means of tackling a short commute." The Halfords offer will let you borrow an ebike for an entire week, which is more than enough time to use an electric bike while the strikes are taking place. If you want to take advantage of this scheme but don't have a yearly season ticket don't worry. Halfords says it will also accept equivalent weekly or daily tickets that cover a seven-day loan period. When you head to your local Halfords store to borrow an ebike you'll also need to show two forms of ID before you get hold of your new wheels. If you're within cycling distance of work, this new scheme will come in extremely handy. National Rail have said the strikes announced by the RMT would mean around half of all rail lines are closed, with only a fifth of services running. Thousands of workers are set to work out after talks about pay and redundancies broke down. Besides affecting those that use the train for their commute to work, the rail strikes could impact people heading to the iconic Glastonbury festival as well as students sitting exams.