The school sitcom’s debut has proved a huge hit for Hulu, and Disney Plus worldwide, over the past year. Now original network ABC has officially given the go-ahead for a second season, Abbott Elementary’s creator Quinta Brunson took to Twitter to confirm the cast had already started work on the highly anticipated follow-up. Quinta has revealed a new photo of the cast getting ready to start work on Abbott Elementary’s second season. The elementary school-set sitcom features Quinta as second-grade teacher Janine Teagues. Everybody Hates Chris and Dear White People star Tyler James Williams plays substitute and love interest Gregory Eddie, alongside Janelle James, Lisa Ann Walter, Chris Perfetti and Sheryl Lee Ralph. On Thursday, Quinta confirmed the main cast had gathered for their first table read for season two before they get started on filming. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna “Using this photo from today’s first table read of season two as our #fyc [for your consideration] post,” she wrote. Abbott Elementary has not only become a surprise hit for ABC, but the sitcom has also generated considerable awards buzz ahead of this year’s Emmys. It also attracted almost three million viewers per episode upon its original broadcast, so season two is gearing up to be a resounding success for the network. Thousands of fans were thrilled to see Quinta’s latest update on Twitter, and took to the comments to celebrate the series’ continuation. @nick_at_noche replied: “I’m so grateful for all of you. This show means everything to me and my mom who’s been a teacher her entire life. “Still working and she’s supposed to be retired. When you love something so deeply it’s hard to let go. Thank you @quintabrunson.” @teach77114035 said: “I’m 72 years old and still teaching… part-time third and fourth grade math. “This show is not only spot on, but has a heartwarming appeal that any educator identifies with. Uh oh… I think I ended that sentence with a preposition. Back to Abbott!!!!” DON'T MISS:Surviving Summer: Ari star thanks fans as season 2 uncertain [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Allan Christie star on ‘tough’ death scene [INTERVIEW]'Brought our own' The Boys stars reveal on-set changes to episode 5 [EXCLUSIVE] “My wife and I love this show,” @bigbenellis replied. “There’s nothing quite like it. “It’s one of those shows that you can’t wait for the next episode.” @JazzyT981 wrote: “OMG, this show is awesome. I just finished streaming the first season and I am definitely a new fan. “All the characters are great and congratulations on the new season.” “My 12-year-old girl will be thrilled!” @KelleyWinslett exclaimed. “She got so much from the first season because I’m a Special Ed teacher and she had seen it all play out our lives!!” And @tiannawest said: “So happy for you Quinta, congratulations on all of your success.” The family-friendly sitcom has clearly struck a chord with teachers, students and viewers worldwide who are eagerly awaiting Abbott Elementary’s return to screens and streamers. Abbott Elementary season 1 is available to stream on Hulu in the USA and Disney+ in the UK.