Most parents are well aware of how important routine is for children. After all, no one wants to be scolded by a teacher because their child couldn't keep their eyes open during a lesson. But sometimes there can be room for exceptions to the rules at weekends and for special occasions. One mum disagreed with the sentiment, however, as she was furious that her eight-year-old daughter had stayed up until 4.30am at a sleepover with her friend from school.  Mirror Online reports how the incident left her so engaged that she decided to take to parenting forum Mumsnet to ask others what they thought. She wrote: "Just picked up my eight-year-old daughter from a sleepover at her friend from school's house and it turns out she and her friend were up until 4.30am. "The mum came into the room and said it was time to calm down and go to sleep...at 4.30 am! "I'm really unhappy, in what world is letting eight-year-old girls stay awake till that time unaccompanied may I add as the mum was in her bed, okay? "12am - fair enough, maybe 1am at a push if excited but 4.30am is ridiculous and my daughter is knackered."I don't know whether to text the mum. She certainly won't be back there for a sleepover. Am I being unreasonable?" Other parents were confused why the mum was taking it so seriously when it was a one-off. One wrote: "Did you ever go to stay at someone's house when you were eight years old? This is completely normal when you are 8 and excited. "The mum could have told them to pipe down every hour from 11pm and it wouldn't have made any difference."  Another agreed: "Yep, totally normal, you are being unreasonable, sorry! We’ve done sleepovers and they always take the p*** a bit, it’s just part and parcel. "My nine-year-old has conked out mid-afternoon after sleepovers several times. One night of no sleep won’t do them any harm, they’ll catch up! Early night tonight if she lasts that long and she’ll be totally fine." "Oh, it's no big deal. It was a one-off. Stop overreacting. Your daughter probably had loads of fun, even staying up past her bedtime. Don't be a fun sponge", one mum quipped. Do you agree with the Mumsnet users? Let us know in the comments below. 