Speaking to the panel in Newcastle, the woman said she was “bored” watching Prime Minister’s Questions on Wednesday, when the Labour leader accused the PM of playing “Jedi mind tricks” on the UK. Sir Keir said that Mr Johnson thinks he’s “Obi-Wan Kenobi” but then jeered “the Force isn’t with him anymore”.  The woman addressed the panel: “I watched Prime Minister’s Questions yesterday and the only thing I got out of it was Keir Starmer calling Boris Johnson Obi-Wan Kenobi. “That’s all it was and it was a joke that just went on so long it was unbelievable. “It bored us at the end.” Shadow leader of the Commons Thangam Debbonaire MP attempted to deflect the insult while Conservative MP Matt Vickers looked on.  She hit back: “PMQs is a half hour part of the week, it’s a tiny part of what we do. “We’ve been challenging the Government on their running down of the health service, of their treatment of education, of their utter lamentable failure on their flagship policies.” The audience member then challenged Ms Debbonaire on what Labour’s policies on these issues would be.  READ MORE: 'Have to accept!' Royals may be forced to create new Andrew role Ms Debbonaire retaliated: “Do you want me to give you a Labour party manifesto, cause I can!” During Wednesday’s PMQs Mr Starmer tore into the Prime Minister, with his insults referencing Star Wars and Love Island. He referred to the PM as “Jabba the Hutt” and claimed he was “game playing so much he thinks he’s on Love Island”.  DON'T MISS:My babies!' Sarah Ferguson in tears over Princesses' milestone [INSIGHT]UK weather: Thunder and rain storms to wash away sunshine [LATEST]Drivers urged to check their sunglasses for a specific number [TOP TIP] He added: “The trouble is, Prime Minister, that I'm reliably informed that contestants that give the public the 'ick', get booted out.” His bruising performance was supposedly a reaction to being described as giving a “lacklustre” performance last week and an attempt to throw off his reputation as “boring”, reported The Mirror. Mr Starmer’s questions focused on the Tories’ handling of the cost of living crisis as the UK is predicted to have lower growth than every other major economy apart from Russia. 