Sherwood tells the story of how two shocking murders take place in a Nottinghamshire town, leading to a huge manhunt for the killers. Already fractured by the events of the Miners' Strike decades prior, the killings once again leave the community on edge. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Sherwood. Actor David Morrissey has starred in a plethora of shows over the years, such as The Missing, Britannia, The Walking Dead, Doctor Who and Cape Wrath just to name a few. He has been described by the British Film Institute as "one of the most versatile English actors of his generation". Morrissey will be portraying Detective Chief Superintendent Ian St Clair, who has dedicated his life to the service. Talking to press, including Express.co.uk, Morrissey explained the research he did for the role. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Morrissey said: "I'm old enough to live through the Miners' Strike, so I remember it but obviously, I am not from this county. "I was from Liverpool, but I'd just moved to London at that time and so my research through it was very much to do with Nottinghamshire and what the strike meant here. "And that was quite illuminating to me doing that research. "I would talk to many police officers, some of whom had retired now, some who were still on the force, who, like Ian, was on the picket line and in front of him was his friends, his neighbours and his family. "And they would have to be on that picket line and man it and sometimes that got quite volatile, mostly vocally. "But later on, when other police forces got involved, it became quite physical, and then go to the pub in the evening and have a drink with them or go home and meet them because they were part of their family. "That division, I think, is really difficult to understand. I think one of the great things about drama is it can personalise these events." Julie became estranged from her sister Cathy due to their differing opinions of the Miners' Strike and have remained stubborn for decades over the issue. Actress Lesley Manville has been in films like Secrets & Lies, All or Nothing, Vera Drake and Mr Turner. In terms of television series, some of her credits are Magpie Murders, Life After Life, Save Me and World on Fire. She will also be starring in the upcoming fifth series of Netflix's The Crown as Princess Margaret. DON'T MISS...Anita Dobson British Soap Awards appearance leaves viewers distracted [REACTION]How many episodes are in Sherwood on BBC One? [EPISODE COUNT]Sherwood: Where was Sherwood filmed? Creator talks locations [FILMING] DI Kevin Salisbury is continually haunted by the events of the Miners' Strike in the 1980s and doesn't want to return to Ashfield. He knows he will not receive a warm welcome from the local police or the community but is determined to carry out his duties. Actor Robert Glenister is best known for playing con-man Ash "Three Socks" Morgan in the BBC drama Hustle. He also portrayed Nicholas Blake in the spy series Spooks for four years. Sarah Vincent is campaigning to become a local councillor but will the murders impact the way she approaches the community in order to win their votes. Award-winning actress Joanne Froggatt is best remembered for playing Anna Bates in ITV's period drama Downton Abbey. Since then, she has featured in series such as Angela Black, Liar and The Commons. She will also be starring in the new series Last Light which is currently in post-production. Other cast members include: Gary Jackson - Alun Armstrong Cathy Rowley - Claire Rushbrook Mickey Sparrow - Philip Jackson Daphne Sparrow - Lorraine Ashbourne Andy Fisher - Adeel Akhtar Sherwood premieres on Monday, June 13, at 9pm on BBC One. 