Anne is well-known for playing The Governess on The Chase as she takes on plucky contestants hoping to leave with a jackpot prize. However, she is swapping quizzing for cooking as she joins Cooking With the Stars on TV this week. The quizzer wasn’t quite prepared for what would be expected from her as she explained she wasn’t as “passionate” about cooking as other contestants. Speaking on BBC Radio 2 to Zoe Ball, The Chase star explained she saw the new challenge as a “paying gig” but was surprised by how intense it was. Anne began: “The problem was I basically went into this thinking, ‘Okay, this is a paying gig, I’m doing it because it’s a job.’ “It was only after signing the contract did I discover everyone was using the word passionate. “I was like, ‘Hang on a minute, nobody mentioned me being passionate.’ READ MORE: Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' “So I had to sort of learn a lot of passion quite quickly. I mean, my chef, Jean-Christophe was really helpful and supportive and patient when I was looking absolutely blank. “I find it very difficult to learn anything that’s coming to me through the ears. “I have to learn things by seeing them written down so I was madly scribbling notes and then going over the notes later. “He stayed and asked me if I understood and I sort of stood there looking like a rabbit in headlights saying, ‘I think so but I’ll have to have a look at my notes to see if I understand.’” Anne is just one of several celebrities taking on the challenge of learning how to cook. In the first episode of the series, Strictly Come Dancing judge Anton Du Beke, comedian Joe Wilkinson, presenter Josie Gibson and Woody Cook will battle it out to prove they can cook. Later on in the series, Anne will be shown being tutored by Jean-Christoph on how to create a simple dish. It will be up to her fellow contestants to decide whether she should continue on her journey. DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh's wife Donna showcases stunning figure in pink bikini [PICTURES]Mark Labbett makes jibe at Pointless after The Chase player's snub [VIDEO]The Chase fans have called out the inconsistency of questions [REACTION] The Chase star will be hoping to go from amateur to restaurant-level chef in a matter of weeks. Also appearing on the series is Maura Higgins, who will be partnered up with chef director Jack Stein. Dame Kelly Holmes will be pairs with chef and business owner Ronnie Murray while Dr Ranj Singh is with This Morning chef Clodagh McKenna. Other chef coaches include Rosemary Shrager, Judy Joo, Tony Singh MBE, Ronnie Murray and Mike Reid. Cooking With the Stars begins on Tuesday 7 June at 8pm and will air once a week. Anne’s latest ITV role comes after she was replaced by Issa Schultz on Beat the Chasers last month. Issa stepped in as the fifth chaser when Anne had to pull out of filming due to contracting COVID-19. Cooking With the Stars airs Tuesday on ITV at 8pm.