Bathrooms are an important part of the home that can easily boost the value of a property. However, when renovating a bathroom, there are certain colours that people are avoiding. Bathroom experts at Drench have analysed their on-site searches to see which bathroom colours homeowners are avoiding. Some of these colours, such as orange, purple, tan, and mustard are popular colour accents in and around the home. However, the colours are nowhere to be seen in bathrooms. So which bathroom colour is trending? The top trending colour to use in the bathroom is black. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer mum increases a home’s value by £95k A whopping 65 percent of all colour related-searches are “black” which means it’s no surprise it’s popping up in more bathrooms. Polly Shearer, bathroom expert at Drench.co.uk said those looking to add black to their interiors are looking to add a “certain style” to their homes without using bright and vibrant colours. She said: “Those who are more cautious often opt for black accessories, taps and radiators to add subtle hints of the shade to an often bright room. “However, those who are more confident with using black in their interior design have created magnificent, deep and dramatic spaces with ultimate impact.”  DON'T MISSHow to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [INSIGHT]How to clean washing machine seals with white vinegar - ‘best way’ [UPDATE]Garden cleaning hacks: ‘Best techniques’ to revive your garden shed [ANALYSIS] The top three colours most searched for on the Drench.co.uk website are all monochrome: black, white and grey. Going for a monochrome bathroom is one way to avoid being wasteful and buying into micro-trends. Monochrome is a timeless classic which means homeowners will be less likely to re-paint and change their bathrooms for years to come. White is likely to be searched less than black because certain bathroom items like sinks and toilets are naturally white. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Polly said grey is a colour that has grown in popularity over the decades and is a “great option” in a bathroom for those looking to add contrast. “With grey, you can play with its lighter and darker shades to add depth in an effective way that ensures it doesn't look too monotonous,” she added. For a different take on black, homeowners can opt for dark blues for an “instantly modern” look. Polly suggested going for navy-blue furnishings with Scintilla tiles for an “on-the-trend style.”  For a summer splash of colour, homeowners can try pink. Pink was the fifth most-searched-for colour on Drench last month. The colour looks great when contrasted with blue. Blue is just behind pink on the most-searched-for colours list so the two colours are likely to be a popular trend.