The BBC drama was up against the likes of Coronation Street's flashback episode featuring Seb Franklin’s (played by Harry Visinoni) attack and Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) for the EastEnders episode in Southend. Also nominated was Marlon Dingle's (Mark Charnock) stroke scene in Emmerdale and the Hollyoaks Out of Time instalment. However, when it came to the results, it was announced that Doctors has scooped the award for its episode titled Three Consultations and a Funeral. The instalment starred Dr Emma Reid (Dido Miles) and Jan Fisher (Lucy Benjamin) and saw the GP trying to help her patient after suspecting she was hiding something. Although, the winning episode finally revealed she had been coercively controlled by her husband. At the time, many angry viewers took to social media with many claiming the other nominations had been "robbed" of the award. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson Some believed that Coronation Street or Emmerdale should have won the category. However, during Tuesday's This Morning, Soap Awards host Phillip Schofield defended the results and hit back at the "fix" claims. During the soap segment, Phillip and his co-host Holly Willoughby spoke with Sharon Marshall about the backlash. "The one thing I did want to say was slightly annoyed me when I saw those press reports saying that Doctors was a fix," Sharon fumed. "Fix, how could they win that?" "Fix, fix," Phillip replied as he hit back at the backlash: "It always drives me crazy, it's a public vote, you're not allowed to fix it, you can't fix it, there are adjudicators." Praising the soap for its award-winning episode, Sharon continued: "It was an amazing episode." "It was really clever," the host chipped in as Sharon added: "It was so clever. "It was the middle of COVID-19...it was a two-hander episode and it was about somebody... DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass' exit sealed in murder twist [SPOILERS]Eamonn Holmes makes cheeky dig about wife Ruth [VIDEO]Madeley takes savage swipe at Piers Morgan over Prince Harry's book [REACTION] "I hope they put it back up on iPlayer and you watch it because it's so brilliant. "And actually when I watched it, I thought there is a winner. "I kind of knew it was going to... so well done. Everyone deserves it and I think the right people were on the stage winning that night." On the night of the Soap Awards, Martin Lewis greeted the winners from Doctors on stage as they collected their awards. After the cast and crew thanked the judging panel for the awards, Phillip also stepped in to defend their victory. He explained that when the panel were judging the nominations, the BBC's entry stood out. He told viewers: “The panel were absolutely blown away by that episode. “They said if it had been on at 9pm as a standalone episode it could have won a BAFTA.” This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.