It's not unusual to see golf balls fly into the water at the TPC River Highlands course, but on Friday the Travelers Championship was delayed by something much bigger crashing into the lake. Play was momentarily brought to a standstill when an unmanned golf cart was seen careering across the fairways, travelling too fast for stewards to do anything about it. Following the natural contours of the course, the cart took a right turn down the hill before heading straight at one of the lakes. And its entrance into the water was spectacular, causing a huge splash before slowly floating away from the edge. Once wet, it didn't take long for the cart to fall apart though, with the roof and seats appearing to become detached from the body. One official did make his way to the edge of the lake, but could only look on powerlessly. The video was posted on Twitter by @cjzer0, whose 10,700 followers seemed to find the incident comical: "Saudi golf could never," said @golfinshorts, in a clear dig at the Saudi-backed LIV Invitational tour. JUST IN: Saudi golf rebels grouped together in DP World Tour event as tensions grow "Just put it in rice," joked @DrewUnga, while @deadnameadam added "Today we all learned that golf carts come with emergency floatation devices." @TheRealNickGil said: "I once got mad enough to throw a wedge into the pond, but I never took it this far." There was no shortage of excitment in the actual golf either, with Rory McIlroy building on his superb opening round of 62. The Northern irishman played the first nine hole of his second round in four under par, leaving him at 12 under overall. DON'T MISS:US Open champ Matt Fitzpatrick talked brother out of joining Saudi's mega-rich rebel tourGrayson Murray refuses to apologise after hurling putter and snapping club at US OpenMatt Fitzpatrick makes history as fourth Englishman in last 100 years to win US Open    Xander Schauffele was just a shot back on 11 under at the midway stage, two ahead of compatriot Patrick Cantlay. He was one of three clubhouse leaders with Harris English and Nick Hardy. McIlroy is looking to bounce back from a disappointing US Open, where he admitted afterwards he felt like he'd missed a bug chance to win a fifth major title. Instead, it was England's Matt Fitzpatrick who took the crown, following a remarkable bunker shot on the final hole.