On Sunday's BBC Breakfast, hosts Luxmy and Roger Johnson were back on the red sofa to bring viewers the latest news headlines. Owain Wyn Evans also returned to give an update on the weekend's weather forecast. However, as they had a chat before the report, Roger and Luxmy commented on how dapper the meteorologist looked in his suit. "Lovely to see you both," Owain beamed as he greeted his co-stars. "I have to say you were sartorially elegant when I walked in at four o' something this morning," Roger chipped in. "Do you sleep like that?" he asked before Luxmy joked: "Those are his pyjamas actually. He's just smart 24/7." "You're right, actually," Owain replied before Roger added: "I know and I was looking like a real scruff." READ MORE: Charlie Stayt issued warning by BBC co-star after Naga Munchetty jibe  Discussing his appearance and the burgundy suit he was dressed in, the meteorologist said: "Last night, I have to put everything out otherwise if I try and do this in the morning it just never works. It would be a disaster. "Not a good look, we don't want to see that, do we?" Fans were also thrilled to see the trio back on the red sofa, as Luxmy took to social media to speak about her return. The host penned: "Wishing you a joyous Sunday morning from us here at the @BBCBreakfast studio.  "First time back on the sofa in a while but thankfully dear @OwainWynEvans & @RogerJ_01 are here to keep me in order!" The BBC presenter's followers were quick to reply with Graeme Corker tweeting: "Lovely to see you on the big sofa again, Luxmy.  "You should be a regular now - one of the best presenters on the BBC. Looking beautiful as ever." Bob wrote: "Good Morning you three a nice fresh look on the red sofa today." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [SPOILERS]Gardeners' World's Adam Frost opens up on new role away from BBC [INSIGHT]CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? [CAST]  While Joe Connelly replied: "Morning Luxmy and what a breath of fresh air you are." "Loving this lineup today. Fantastic as always x," Martin Youldon praised. Owain also took to social media where he shared a snap of himself sitting on the red sofa with his co-stars. "Good morning! So lovely to be alongside absolute dahlings (and my good friends) @RogerJ_01 and @luxmy_g on @BBCBreakfast this morning," the meteorologist wrote.   "Join us now. BBC One! #BBCBreakfast." (sic) Owain's followers were glad to see him back on the show, with Lyn tweeting: "Morning, lovely to see you... Have a super smashing Sunday X." (sic) "You really brighten up my day," Michele praised as Janet complimented: "You look wonderful as always the weather is perfection as always when you present it." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.   