Beautiful World, Where Are You quickly leapt up the bestseller lists when Sally Rooney released her third novel last year. There is already speculation as to whether the same team behind BBC’s Normal People and Conversations With Friends have plans to adapt the Irish writer’s latest novel, and director Lenny Abrahamson has finally set the record straight. Filmmaker Lenny confirmed Beautiful World could be made into a television series - just don’t expect it to hit screens any time soon. Writer Sally has quickly become one of the most talked-about authors in recent years following the release of her first two novels. 2020’s adaptation of Normal People launched the writer to international acclaim when the 12-part series was released on BBC iPlayer and Hulu over the first Covid lockdown. Now, with the release of Lenny and Element Pictures’ Conversations series, fans are already eagerly awaiting the inevitable screen version of Sally’s third novel. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret After helming the first two series with co-directors Hettie Macdonald and Leanne Welham, Lenny admitted he’s not yet sure what his next project will be. “In terms of Beautiful World, I would say… like… um… I mean…” Lenny stammered. The audience at the BFI Television Festival in London laughed as the director confessed there are no set plans for an adaptation just yet. Beautiful World follows two friends who have drifted apart but still keep up communication via emails. The novel may be slightly harder to bring to life on screen compared to the previous two efforts, but readers are nevertheless excited by the book’s potential. “I mean I’d like to make another film,” Lenny then confirmed. “That’s my main thing. And I’m doing some writing, as well, towards that.” Outside of his Rooney adaptations, Lenny is well-known for making the acclaimed films Frank and Room. DON'T MISS:Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown’s gobsmacked by Eleven change [INTERVIEW]Strictly’s Darcey Bussell shut down by Queen’s dancing admission [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles [VIDEO] In 2018, he also brought to life another novel by one of the UK’s most celebrated authors, The Little Stranger by Sally Waters. Lenny continued: “And I don’t think Sally, at the moment… She wants the book to be the book. And let that be out in the world. “But I certainly would never… I love her work, and it’s lovely being in her world. “I wouldn’t rule it out, at some point in the future,” he finally confirmed. The production company certainly isn’t setting the stage for their third delve into Sally’s world just yet, but a Beautiful World series could definitely surface in the next few years. On what drew him to the novels in the first place, Lenny explained: “It works with how I like to make films and how they work tonally. “Her writing is very precise and very not-showy. It’s very grounded, and you feel like she’s just observing what’s happening and telling you details that are revelatory. “They seem small but they tell you everything. And that’s where the intelligence is, rather than this self-conscious, literary style of writing. “And the fact she’s writing about the place that I grew up in but at a very different, generationally different time.” Sally’s novels have inspired a generation of readers to visit their local bookshop and tune in in droves when they’re brought to screen, so hopefully, it won’t be long before the creators get to work on whatever their next projects may be. Conversations With Friends is available to stream on BBC iPlayer and Hulu.