Avoidance has just started airing on BBC One and the comedy was produced by Romesh Ranganathan. The comedian, along with writer Benjamin Green, drew on their real-life experiences when creating the TV sitcom. Romesh spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press about the worries of parenting. In the upcoming episode of Avoidance, conflict-avoidant Jonathan tries to get his son Spencer (Kieran Logendra) to open up about the breakdown in his relationship. Spencer, meanwhile, is preoccupied with an invite to the 'cool kid' at school's laser quest party. Jonathan decides to go along with Spencer, which causes plenty of embarrassment. Romesh is a father of three sons, Alex, Theo and Charlie, whom he shares with his wife Leesa. He and Leesa met when they were both working at the same school in Crawley. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent viewers rocked by 10-year-old’s metal audition Opening up about his own parenting concerns, he said: "A lot of the stuff to do with Spencer is based on...it's an amalgamation of experiences we have had with our three sons. "Also when we sat in the writers' room we talked about parenting experiences we had. "One of the things that struck us as interesting, and it comes from my real-life experiences as a parent, is I want my children to be individual. "But I'm also terrified that anybody will think they are too individual, that conflict of wanting to be interested in what they are interested in, as long as everybody else thinks that's cool and they are not going to get beaten up. "I have an ongoing fear of not wanting my children to turn out like me." The star said he found this an interesting concept to explore with his character Jonathan. He added: "When you see your kid or worry about your kid exhibiting the same sort of things that you have caused problems with in the past, it's a real sharpener." Writer and director Ben said there are moments in the series when Jonathan stands up for himself. He said: "Pretty much all of them are motivated by Spencer, like trying to get him into a party he got kicked out of. "At the end, he does something which is quite big and out of character in a way, but that is really to protect his son." DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Is Romesh Ranganathan's new series Avoidance based on real life? [EXPLAINER] Zoe Ball issued apology from BBC Radio 2 guest after chaotic interview [DISCUSSION] Romesh paid tribute to his on-screen son, saying Kieran is destined for great things. He added: "We wanted somebody that was really natural and when we were doing the auditions, he laughs at stuff and reacts as if he's hearing it in real conversations. "It was a really cool thing." The star penned a column for The Guardian back in 2019, in which he discussed his "midlife crisis". He joked about how he had not yet added his youngest son's name to his tattoos, just as his son was learning to read. He said: "I have, over the last few years, become obsessed with getting tattooed. "It started shortly after the birth of our first son. My wife and I agreed we would both get the boy’s name inked (classy, I know). "I went ahead and did it, and then she bottled it – a betrayal for which I am yet to cash in my martyr points. "I got another done when my second son was born, but am yet to get a tattoo for our youngest. "The clock is ticking, because he is now learning to read, and will be upset when he discovers that, not only have I got his brothers’ names, but also Richard Pryor, Nas, the Roots and the Transformers’ Autobot logo before getting round to him."  Avoidance continues on BBC One tonight at 9.30pm.