Now, with landlines facing eventual extinction, BT seems to have changed and not for the better. On Thursday I rang to report a landline fault, a once simple procedure. I finally got through on my mobile and was presented with a recorded message saying that because BT wanted to use that day to thank people there was nobody to take my call. Whom they were thanking I do not know but it sure wasn’t the poor darn customers who pay the bills. The call generated a series of automatic texts which culminated in informing me that the fault would be fixed within five days. In bitter protest I tried telephoning again and listened to messages about BT being committed to “excellent service” and how I could speak to one of their “brilliant agents” during which I could almost hear the voice of my long-departed grandmother saying “Self-praise is no recommendation”! Eventually, I spoke to an operative who offered to divert calls to my mobile and asked me to give it an hour to become effective. I gave it all night. No divert. The next operative did not recognise the last four digits of my account nor of the bank card against which the direct debit was taken, which caused me to wonder how they managed to take the money so regularly, but she also informed me that the divert was now in place. Nope. Finally, I spoke to a Chris in Exeter who really ought to be running the entire company because he sorted everything out. The service came back within 24 hours but on Monday a BT man arrived on my doorstep to say he had come to check a fault on my broadband, which had been perfectly normal throughout. ------------------------------------------ Alas! The Little Shoe Shop in London’s York Street is no more. Until I discovered it a few decades ago, I used to shop for my shoes in bulk when I went to Singapore because a lot of Chinese women have small feet. Over here it is a struggle to find a wide range in anything below three-and-a-half. It closed and became mail order only, because of the unaffordably high level of rent and business rates. Indeed, I learned recently of a London restaurant owner whose landlord demanded £250,000 in rent. Small businesses cannot succeed against those odds and it is in nobody’s interest to have empty property. Sadiq Khan and Rishi Sunak please take note. Commenting on the horrendous extent of waste in today’s throwaway society, I recently wrote on this page that in clearing out the house of an elderly person who had just gone into care, I had to discard rusty tools, used pencils or Biros and half-used writing pads because they would have been of no interest to a charity shop. I observed that the Third World would yearn for such items. I have now heard from a reader that a Christian charity called TWAM (Tools With A Mission) collects unwanted tools, refurbishes them and sends them to Africa where people can use them to earn a living. Any interested reader can consult TWAM’s website, twam.uk. That still leaves the Biros and pads. Three thousand British workers are testing a four-day week for the same pay as five days to see whether it increases productivity. I suspect it will. When I worked for Unilever in the early 1970s, the company introduced flexi-time whereby, within certain parameters, we could choose our hours and if we clocked up enough overtime received days off in lieu. When I was leaving, I was less interested in a salary increase than in an improvement on my four weeks’ annual leave and duly chose a job with six weeks plus extra time at Christmas and Easter. Some of my colleagues took the same view. Once you reach a certain level of income, leisure and family time (or, in my case, politics) become more important than money. So, if workers in this trial think upping their productivity will guarantee a three-day weekend for the same money, they will do it. It is called quality of life.