According to the Daily Mail, the couple were forced to delay their nuptials multiple times, like many other couples across the country, during the pandemic. Today (Monday, June 6) the wedding finally went ahead, with the pair exchanging their vows after a five-year engagement. Wedding decorations and a marquee were spotted surrounding the iconic building, Cambridgeshire Live reported earlier today. The Voice judge walked down the aisle this afternoon as  fans and the public gathered around the cathedral in the rain to catch a glimpse of the pop star. Pixie Lott is best know for her hit signals "Mama Do" and "Boys and Girls". She was also a judge on The Voice alongside Will.i.am, Danny Jones and Paloma Faith. Oliver Cheshire, 34, from Stevenage is a model and was scouted by Select Model Management at the age of 15. He has worked for Calvin Klein, Versace, Abercrombie & Fitch, Hollister Co., Vivienne Westwood and many others. Cheshire has reported on Men's Fashion Week for GQ magazine and writes a fashion blog in his spare time. In 2015, he was named one of GQ's 50 best dressed British men.  Today, he looked dapper in a black three-piece suit as he arrived surrounded by his groomsmen. He smiled at the cameras and had one hand in his pocket. In one snap, the couple looked happy in love as they shared their first kiss as husband and wife. Pixie Lott was wearing a white wedding dress, with her sleeves made out of mesh and covered in pearls. She had her wavy blonde hair loosely tied with a couple of strands covering her face.  Many famous faces have been spotted amongst the guests present, including McFly star Danny Jones, who was all smiles as he was spotted heading inside the venue. According to the MailOnline, Sabrina Elba and Emma Weymouth were also there. Pixie Lott also shared images on her Instagram story earlier this morning, showing her having fun at her hen-do the night before. Her friends shared captions including: 'Last night as Miss Lott' - with a heart emoji. Another read: 'The most beautiful bride to be in all the land'.