Friends and colleagues will be looking to you to lead the way. A great way to encourage everyone to make better use of their time is to abandon your usual routines. Try something different. You won’t have any trouble persuading others to go along with your suggestions. You could never be influenced by a friend or workmate’s amusing but unrealistic ideas. You have too much sense than to allow them to lead you astray. Someone is about to get into trouble or make a fool of themselves because of their crazy ways. Your intention is to prove to someone who doubts you, how serious you can be. You don’t have time for daydreaming but there are ways to make good use of your vivid imagination. No one can accuse you of building castles in the air when it won’t take long to turn ideas into reality.  There are still so many things you intend to do that haven’t yet been done. You’re worried you will run out of time and all this is doing is causing you to panic. You will get through all you have to do, providing you remain calm. Snap decisions and impulsive moves will be cause for regret. You like to be in the middle of all that is going on. Better still, you will enjoy being in charge. It might feel as if a shy friend or partner is holding you back in their attempts to keep you behind the scenes. While they try to distract you, opportunities you would normally have taken up will be missed. Heavy commitments are starting to drain you but you have no choice about it, you have to continue until all responsibilities are fulfilled. Colleagues are relying on your support. Besides, you can’t take time off work when you have got bills to pay.  Now that you’ve made your mind up about a difficult decision, you’ve got to stand your ground. This will involve changes that were proposed by someone earlier in the month. You know it is a decision some people won’t want to hear but you’ve made your choice and that’s all there is to it. After dealing with work and personal affairs there may not be a lot of time left over in which to socialise or even have some fun. Where and when you are joining forces with others it will be to engage in purposeful activity rather than light-hearted entertainment. Change is in the air. You want everything to work out well and that’s why you will be doing your best to guide those around you who are nervous, through the whole proceeding. Taking on a leadership role will come naturally to you and will keep you on your toes.  Other people will be uncertain about how to deal with a situation that has not been expected or planned for. You might surprise yourself by sensing the best moves to make and when to make them. A mix of intuition and practicality will help you help others through this confusing time. A partner or close friend is so busy with their own concerns they don’t seem to have time for you. It’s hard to admit but you are starting to feel neglected especially when they don’t seem to sense your frustration or uncertainty. Someone just isn’t as attentive or caring as they used to be. An important choice is not something you will rush into making. This is because your partner, best friend or a relative’s life will also be affected by your decision. Your intention is to do what is best for everyone. Through this, a new understanding in your relationship will occur. 