When it comes to groceries, all Britons know about the Big Four - Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda, and Morrisons. But how much more successful is Tesco than its competitors? According to new data by Kantar, in the supermarket stakes Tesco comes out on top. The data, which was taken in the 12 weeks preceding June 12, 2022 (beginning March 20, 2022), revealed the supermarket giant has 27.3 percent Grocery Market Share. This is over a quarter of the whole market. Tesco has steadily remained by far the most popular supermarket for over a decade. READ MORE: Some Asda customers are entitled to a 10% discount - are you? In 2011, Tesco had 30.3 percent of the Grocery Market Share. It has fluctuated between 30.3 percent and 26.6 percent. The second most popular supermarket is Sainsbury's. It has a Grocery Market Share of 14.9 percent. Close behind Sainsbury's is fellow Big Four supermarket Asda, which has a Grocery Market Share of 13.7 percent. The fourth most popular supermarket was was Morrisons. with a Grocery Market Share of 9.6 percent. While still the Big Four, this was quite a drastic drop from Sainsbury's. Aldi was found to be close behind Morrisons with a 9 percent Grocery Market Share. This was followed by Lidl (6.9 percent), Co-op (6.2 percent), Waitrose (4.8 percent), Iceland (2.3 percent) and Ocado (1.8 percent). Other outlets speak for just 2 percent of the Grocery Market Share, and symbols and independents 1.7 percent. Kantar also released some new information about consumer shopping habits. Due to the cost of living crisis and inflation, supermarket shoppers are being more conscious with their money. This will be incredibly beneficial, as our annual grocery bills are predicted to rise by £380 in 2022. Shoppers are gravitating more towards supermarkets' own-label products, which are often cheaper than branded items. Sales of branded products fell by 1 percent in the 12 weeks leading up to June 12. Conversely, own-label sales rose by 2.9 percent and value own-label lines by 12 percent. Fraser McKevitt, head of retail and consumer insight at Kantar, credited two main supermarkets for this. He said that the rise in sales for own-label products has been boosted by Aldi and Lidl's "strong performances", reported the Evening Standard.