Celebrity Gogglebox's fourth series is currently in full swing with famous faces taking to their front rooms to give their take on programmes from throughout the week. The majority of the main cast is back once again, sharing their thoughts and jokes but someone who isn't is actress Dame Maureen Lipman who quit the Channel 4 series. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Maureen leaving Celebrity Gogglebox. Actress, writer and comedian Dame Maureen Lipman has been in various shows and films during her extensive career, from Couples and Agony, to Ladies of Letters and Plebs. But since 2018, she has taken on the role of Evelyn Plummer, the sharp-tongued no-nonsense grandmother of Tyrone Dobbs (played by Alan Halsall). Accompanied by her trusty greyhound Cerberus, Evelyn is not a woman to be messed with as her family know all too well. Soap fans were so delighted with the onscreen performance that they wanted to see more of the actress herself away from the cobbles. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family The 76-year-old star joined the cast of Celebrity Gogglebox on Channel 4 for its second series in 2020. She was the replacement for actress Dame Sheila Hancock who accompanied the broadcaster, writer and former politician Gyles Brandreth, 74. Sadly, Dame Maureen only stayed in the Channel 4 show for one series as she decided it was time to quit. The reason for her quick departure was down to the actress not being happy with how the show was edited. "I went in imagining that they wanted me for my wit and my brain", Maureen explained. "Of course, they just want to show you willies and for you to be shocked. "Honestly, we were really funny together, but none of that was used. "And if they don't want to use what we gave them, f*** them." This hadn't meant the end of Gyles's time on the TV-loving series as he has been joined by his third partner of the show. DON'T MISS...Devastated Rylan Clark slept in his mum's bed after marriage split [FAMILY]Gogglebox’s Gyles scolded by wife after Carol Vorderman team up [REACTION]For f***'s sake it's Silent Witness! RICHARD MADELEY [CAST] Sitting next to Gyles for season four is none other than iconic actress and former model Dame Joanna Lumley. Most recently, the actress starred in the latest adaptation of The Picture of Dorian Gray, as well as an episode of hit comedy Motherland on BBC One. She isn't in the most recent episode of Celebrity Gogglebox though for unknown reasons. Fear not though as another recognisable face sat next to Gyles for the instalment. Former Countdown star and TV personality Carol Vorderman turned up as Joanna's replacement and she couldn't have been more excited about the opportunity. Carol wrote on Twitter: "CELEBRITY GOGGLEBOX… So I'm making my debut this Friday 9pm on one of my favourite shows of all time and joining the @c4gogglebox gang. "With my friend of 40 years @gylesbrandreth...Watch this week and let me know if you agree....we're a bit vocal....no holds barred." Celebrity Gogglebox airs every Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.