Be under no illusion however, the process not only takes years (just ask North Macedonia and Serbia) but any recommendation needs to be signed off by all member states. To be fair this unanimity condition seems more likely than not after western Europe’s ‘Big Three’ (France, Germany and Italy) joined central and eastern European member states in backing Kyiv’s bid for membership. But there is more than a hint of virtue-signalling by western Europe given the reality of what membership would actually mean. The EU is already split between an increasingly progressive, diverse and secular west, and a traditionalist, homogenous and religious east. No sooner would Ukraine (and fellow eastern European country Moldova, another country accepted by the Commission) join the EU than Ukraine (and Moldova) would be on the EU naughty step alongside Hungary and Poland. Meanwhile, having the likes of Ukraine in the EU would not only mean yet another conservative-nationalist headache for Brussels, but could see the balance of power shift decidedly to the east. Plus, if EU candidate status is supposed to be a kick in the teeth to Moscow, the Kremlin has maintained throughout it has less issue with Ukraine joining the EU than NATO. President Volodymyr Zelensky may see this as “one of the key European decisions of the first third of the 21st century”, but he is likely to be quickly disabused. As Budapest and Warsaw have found out, their forlorn hope of joining a beefed-up trade bloc has come up against the reality of a would-be political union driven by a very definite ideology. Supporters of Ukrainian accession may well talk about ‘European values’, but the cultural Iron Curtain which cuts across the EU demonstrates that no such values exist beyond a vague commitment to democracy, the rule of law and the free press – something western Europe constantly accuses central and eastern European countries of undermining anyway. Put simply, there isn’t enough to glue this union together as it is. This is before Brussels reconciles with the fact support for Ukrainian membership is falling, currently below 50 per cent in the western EU’s Big Three. This may be related to financial fears as well as general war fatigue. Internet search trends show a significant decline in interest in the conflict since March. This all comes as French President Emmanuel Macron – with his ambitions for a ‘European political community’ encompassing Ukraine - lost badly in French parliamentary elections last night, with gains on both the Eurosceptic left and the Eurosceptic right. Marine Le Pen’s National Rally jumped from 8 seats to 89, while the President’s own party slumped from 347 to 245.   This not only puts Macron on the backfoot - likely meaning his attention will need to turn towards domestic matters as years of compromise loom on the horizon - but suggests support for the President’s euro-federalist vision is also lacking within France. Given that France, Germany and Italy have all been accused of wavering on Ukraine, this will hardly fill Kyiv with confidence. If Ukraine and Moldova really aspire to join the European family, then perhaps it would be best for the nationalist central and eastern European states - while retaining their trade links to France and Germany - to break away and form their own bloc based on their common conservative values. Non-EU states like Ukraine would likely be accepted into this new bloc immediately as well. The EU still remains a house divided against itself, and Ukraine and Moldova would quickly find themselves on the periphery of the bloc - both literally and metaphorically – alongside Hungary and Poland, while the EU will be privately wary of more conservative religious countries upsetting the balance of power. Budapest and Warsaw should use this moment to build something new rather than clinging to a failed marriage which needs to be amicably broken up. 