Real Madrid will not consider signing Gabriel Jesus this summer, according to reports. It has been claimed in recent days that Real had been offered the chance to sign the player who is heavily linked with Arsenal. Jesus is a top transfer target for the Gunners in this window. The Manchester City star ended the season in fine form but likely would see his game time restricted if he stayed at the Etihad. City have signed Erling Haaland and will also see January signing Julian Alvarez become part of their squad. With Jesus' contract expiring in 12 months' time, a departure this summer looks likely. La Liga giants Real would be able to offer Jesus Champions League football and the lure of competing for major honours on a regular basis. But Spanish football expert Josep Pederol says Los Blancos are not in the market for the Brazilian. READ MORE: Man Utd can repeat Bruno Fernandes trick with star Pep Guardiola branded 'best in world'  Pederol made Real's stance clear on El Chiringuito TV on Monday evening. The news will come as relief to Arsenal. Jesus is viewed as the top striker target for Mikel Arteta. Alexandre Lacazette's departure has been announced, while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left the club in January, leaving Arteta short of options up front. A host of forwards across the Premier League and Europe have been linked with the Gunners. But it is Jesus who Arteta views as his No 1 target. The Sun reported at the weekend that Arsenal are prepared to pay Jesus up to £200,000 a week. The departures of Lacazette and Aubameyang, as well as the likes of Willian in the last 12 months, has seen the north London club's wage bill dramatically reduce. DON'T MISSOusmane Dembele's old Chelsea tweet sends fans into a frenzy amid transfer saga [SOCIAL]Bayern Munich may have shot themselves in foot with rejected Liverpool Sadio Mane bid [OPINION]Newcastle stance puts Man Utd at risk of missing out on crucial Ten Hag target [TRANSFERS]  Meanwhile, Jesus spoke about his future at City in April and admitted getting more game time is not just a problem for himself at the Etihad. The 25-year-old said: “It’s not just me, it’s [all] the players. "If you ask, everyone’s going to say ‘I want to play’ and the season that I arrived here I played a lot, I think. I know what I expect of course but I know we have very good players who can play every game as well and sometimes it’s not just me, it’s Riyad [Mahrez], sometimes Raz [Sterling], and [Jack] Grealish arrives this season and sees how it is here. "We have a lot of good strikers, wingers and forwards.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here