You may find it hard to interact with others as you face complicated issues in your work and relationships. While minor irritations may seem harmless, they could be the fuel used to drive insecurities and dampen your exchanges with loved ones and acquaintances as the day progresses. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 23.  The new Taurus Moon will change the pace in all aspects of your life today as the fast-paced energy encouraged by fiery Aries fades at 1.01pm (UTC +01:00). A waning crescent Moon will be visible at 1.56am, marking the intermediary phase between the Third Quarter and the New Moon. Cafe Astrology warned that the new alignment may trigger the urge to “make changes” in your life, though this should be avoided until the time is right. READ MORE: Kate & William's move to Adelaide Cottage is 'a downsize' - see inside The astrology website said: “The Sun’s semi-square to Uranus can stir some restlessness that may seem too generalised to put to productive use. “We may want to shake things up, make changes, and break the routine. “However, we could also be tense if there are unexpected schedule changes or if we’re not in touch with what we need to change.” The persistent urge to make amends in aspects of your life will continue through to the early weekend, but this should soon be resolved as the Taurus transit moves into Gemini on Friday. A Venus-Chiron semi-square encourages a focus on the differences in our relationships rather than only considering the similarities. While this may feel intimidating, take care not to glaze over both the benefits of analysing your friendships and romantic connections in this way. Cafe Astrology warned that we must “make a concerted effort to learn from the differences” if this is to work. The long term results of this honesty could be surprising. DON'T MISS:NASA’s plan to place nuclear reactor on the Moon [INSIGHT]Billie Jean King: Star's 'wake up call' diagnosis [ANALYSIS]Elvis Presley 'wanted to wed Ann-Margret' after 'electric' affair [REVEAL] Self-awareness in our romantic endeavours should be considered today. Astrosofa suggested looking at ways to “improve our approach” if rejection is common from prospective dates. While sudden changes are not encouraged, mapping out long-term adjustments to strategy and character will be beneficial in the future. Astrosofa said: “Becoming more self-aware can help you understand what to change or at least help you appreciate another's point of view - or not.” Embracing the steady pace of the Taurus Moon will allow us to take the opportunity to revitalise the mind and body, though we will need to resist the temptation to act on our irritations. While interactions may be testing, it's time to focus our energy inwards. Take this day to treat physical aches and pains seriously and don't underestimate the way the body attempts to draw attention to specific areas of stress. It will do us good to take a step back, clear our thoughts and start tackling these physical and emotional conflicts in a calm way to refresh our thinking ahead of the weekend.