   Amanda Owen, 47, and Clive Owen, 67, announced they had parted ways last Thursday, as the pair continue to work on the farm and co-parent their nine children. Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda has broken her silence on social media this evening following the news of their split.      The Yorkshire Shepherdess took to Twitter and Instagram to share some photos of her daughters playing in the fields at Ravenseat Farm. Nancy, five, and Clemmy, six, could be seen dashing barefoot over hills of wild flowers in their Sunday best dresses. In her caption, Amanda made reference to the Kate Bush song Running Up That Hill, which has gained a lot of new popularity thanks to the soundtrack of Netflix’s Stranger Things. “Running up that hill,” Amanda wrote. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson skewers Lenny Henry’s Glastonbury diversity comments     “& down it too,” she added, with a string of flower emojis. She then added the hashtags: #yorkshire #haymeadows #flowers #summer #countryside #nature. While she didn’t say much in her post, Amanda’s fans rushed to the comments section to send their well wishes to the star upon her return to social media. “Been missing your posts,” wrote Jess. “Sending love.”     Janet penned: “What lovely photos of Nancy and Clemmy in their beautiful dresses. “The flowers look lovely wouldn't mind those in my garden hope you are keeping well lots of love.” (sic) “Beautiful!  Sending love and healing energy,” added Marion. Jane penned: “Stunning pictures of the girls in princess frocks & enjoying the hay meadows.” READ MORE... Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  [UPDATE] Johnny Depp warns fans to 'remain cautious' after Amber Heard trial [LATEST] Victoria Beckham sends warning to David amid time away on Father's Day [NEWS]      Last Thursday, Amanda took to Instagram to share the news of her and Clive’s separation with her 513,000 followers. “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate,” she wrote. “This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, without number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children.      “We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time. “Amanda & Clive Owen," the statement ended. Amanda and Clive met back in 1996 and have been married since 2000. The couple share nine children: Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, ten, Annas, eight, Clemmie, six and Nancy, five.   