Matteo Berrettini has hit out at the ATP for their decision to remove all ranking points from Wimbledon. The world No 10's ranking will take a hit as he will lose all 1,200 points he earned from making the final last year and claimed the move was "unfair" as he revealed "nobody" contacted the players before making the final decision. Berrettini made his return to competition in Stuttgart last week, winning his first tournament back following hand surgery. The 26-year-old will lose a whole host of points after missing the clay swing but will be unable to make up for the loss during the grass season as the ATP has removed all ranking points on offer at Wimbledon, also confirming last year's points would not stay on players' tallies. It means the Italian will lose all 1,200 points he earned by making his maiden Grand Slam final at the All England Club last year, and he has hit out at the ATP's conduct in making what he called their "biggest decision in the last 20 years". Speaking as he returned to the Queen's Club, he said: "In my specific case it’s really complicated because I played well last year on grass and it doesn’t matter how well I’m gonna play this year, my ranking is gonna drop. So I think the thing is not really fair but I get that it’s a really complicated situation." The six-time title winner also claimed that players had no say in the decision, which he understood to be final. "I think that when the ranking is working normally, the more you play, the better you play, the better your ranking is going to be and this thing is taken away so that’s what I don’t agree with," he continued. JUST IN: Evans weighs in on Murray's Wimbledon hopes after Stuttgart injury  "Of course we are living in difficult times and I understand it’s not easy, I just wish that this decision was taken in a different way, maybe ask the players." Taking a swipe at the ATP's conduct in making the decision, Berrettini claimed that players weren't asked for their opinion on the matter. "Nobody contacted us," he said. "Nobody asked us our opinion about it and I think it shouldn’t work like that. We should do something to avoid this kind of situation because I think this is the biggest decision the ATP took in the last 20 years, at least that I remember so I wish it was handled a different way." DON'T MISSMurray faces nervous wait for scan results as Brit sweats on WimbledonRaducanu hit by new injury as Murray ends six-year waitRoger Federer lacking support despite Swiss' plans to play 2023 season  Last year's runner-up at the All England Club also said that, following discussions with the ATP and other players, he understood the decision was final. "What I know is that there is not going to be any movement, any changes so I just have to accept that," he added. But Berrettini was quick to share his concern for those affected by the war in Ukraine, as the ATP decided to remove Wimbledon's ranking points to sanction the tournament for banning Russians and Belarusians following the invasion of Ukraine. He said: "I mean I feel that it’s a really difficult situation to handle from everybody first of all for the people that are suffering there in that country where the war is happening."