As much of the country enjoys a long weekend in celebration, Good Morning Britain has brought the latest updates on the Jubilee celebrations and official events, but some ITV viewers had had enough of the coverage and slammed the show for focusing so much on the occasion. The reporting was labelled "incessant" and some expressed "excitement" for the Jubilee to be over. ITV hosts Ranvir Singh and Adil Ray spoke to royal experts, guests to the official events and royal fans. They also got into the spirit by hosting their own "street party" outside the studio. It comes as the nation marks the Queen's 70th year on the throne, with a double Bank Holiday on Thursday and Friday. Coverage has also been rife from across the world including the US, Canada and France. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret As Good Morning Britain continued, some angry viewers took to social media to complain about the "drivel." Twitter user @oldandfat5705 remarked: "Sorry I'm all Joobed out #gmb." Wanting a different take on the subject, @patchdennizen penned: "#GMB Please can you interview somebody with republican sentiments and cease with the incessant sycophancy." "Any news? #GMB," asked @Itt39354118 as the Royal coverage continued. @TallAndFirey wrote: "Good grief this is a load of sycophantic drivel #Gmb." "Crikey they are jubilee mad #gmb," @Itt39354118 shared. @FreddySky quipped: "@GMB Oh yeah, I can barely hide my excitement… until this is all over." Not everyone agreed though, and many viewers expressed how much they were enjoying the coverage. @chibba_chris commented: "All this #Jubilee stuff is so lovely to see  happy #JubileeWeekend everyone #GMB." It comes as landmarks across the world lit up in celebration last night and even North Korean leader Kim Jong-un paid tribute to the event. DON'T MISS... Silent Witness icon details concern she had over return [EXCLUSIVE]Dermot O'Leary takes swipe at Anton Du Beke over ticket sales [VIDEO]Jay Blades shares fears for filming The Repair Shop 'Have to build tru [LATEST] President of the United States Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden voiced a sweet tribute to Her Majesty. In a video posted on their social media accounts, they recalled how "generous" the monarch was when they met her at Windsor Castle in 2021. President Biden stated: "Congratulations on your Platinum Jubilee. "For 70 years you've inspired people with your selfless devotion and service to the people of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth.  "Throughout your reign, the relationship between the United Kingdom and the United States has grown stronger and closer than ever." Jill added: "Throughout the years, the joy your visits to the United States have brought Americans and your solidarity with the American people in times of tragedy, have deepened the friendship and profound connection between our countries. "And Joe and I were so touched by the generosity and welcome you show to us when we visited you at Windsor Castle last year, during our first visit overseas as President and First Lady." The Queen has, unfortunately, had to pull out of Friday's celebrations at St Paul's Cathedral after experiencing "discomfort" during yesterday's celebrations. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. 