Chelsea suffered a major transfer blow after a late attempt to stop Richarlison moving to Tottenham and bring him to west London instead. The Brazilian had been linked with a move away from Goodison Park this summer, to alleviate the books. Chelsea had made a late inquiry about the Brazilian on Wednesday night before deciding against improving Spurs' offer - a total of £60million for the forward. £5-10m of the fee is dependent on what the player achieves in north London. Prior to the deal, chairman Daniel Levy attempted to trade players with the likes of Steven Bergwijn and an additional £20m, but the Merseyside club stood firm for a cash-only deal. Levy also tried to offer Harry Winks as part of the deal, but he was not of interest for manager Frank Lampard. Meanwhile, Antonio Conte would have also been prepared to trade Lucas Moura to land the 25-year-old. READ MORE: Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough According to The Telegraph, there was also interest from Spurs in Anthony Gordon, who impressed last season under Lampard, but the Toffees were not prepared to sell their promising academy graduate. Meanwhile, the west Londoners who have allowed Romelu Lukaku to return to Inter Milan on a season-long loan deal, were looking to sign Richarlison to replace Belgium.    READ MORE Everton star Richarlison hints Tottenham transfer imminent with message to distraught fanMan Utd hatch Frenkie de Jong announcement plan as transfer deal enters 'final stages'Tottenham on verge of fourth and fifth signings following double transfer breakthrough  Richarlison will now join Ivan Perisic in moving to north London after the Croatian arrived as a free agent, and Conte is keen to continue to expand his squad. “In the summer every team has to know very well that you have to strengthen your squad,” he said back in April. “Because with five substitutions you can change totally the game, during the game. Tactically, physically.” The Italian has considered squad depth so important ahead of the five-substitution rule, next season. Given Richarlison’s flexibility, being able to play in all three-attacking position (left, centre and right), it will give Conte the option to rotate the current players in the squad: Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski.