  Rachel Riley slammed the verdict of the defamation trial involving Johnny Depp and Amber Heard. The Countdown star called the outcome of the trial a “horrible state of affairs”.      Johnny Depp has won his defamation lawsuit against ex-wife Amber Heard, the jury has decided. After a six-week trial, the court reached a verdict that saw Johnny awarded $10million in compensation, and $5million in punitive damages. Taking to Twitter, Rachel penned: “‘We need to accept the verdict, etc etc’ “Said by those who didn’t accept the one already determined by an experienced British judge, which is where most of us got the info to form an opinion in the first place. READ MORE: John Cleese accuses BBC of 'deceptive' and 'dishonest' interview  Amber, who will have a chance to appeal the verdict, won $2million back in compensatory damages after winning one of her claims in the countersuit, but $0 in punitive damages.      Johnny sued Amber over a 2018 article in the Washington post, in which she claimed to have become a figure representing domestic abuse. She didn’t name Johnny, but he says he was the implied abuser and that it cost him acting jobs including his famous role of Captain Jack Sparrow. Underneath her tweet, Rachel included a previous tweet from May 4, where she shared an excerpt of a previous ruling from the UK’s High Court of Justice, Queen’s Bench Division. At the time she wrote: “Extracts of the 129 page judgement (link in next tweet) in the legal case Depp already lost.  READ MORE... Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikin [PICTURE] Ronnie Wood fortune: Staggering wealth rocker is amassing for his kids [LATEST] Marilyn Monroe dazzles in pics on what would've been her 96th birthday [INSIGHT]      “Left the description, right the judge’s assessment of it. “I still don’t understand how anyone can defend this man. “This trial is post separation abuse on an enormous scale,” she added. Also attached was a video clip reposted by Twitter user Ivana Escalera.      The video was labelled: “The court hears how Johnny Depp sexually assaulted Amber Heard. #IStandWithAmberHeard.” Following the verdict today, a statement from Amber's representatives read: "The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. I'm heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband. "I’m even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. It is a setback. It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated. It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously. "I believe Johnny’s attorneys succeeded in getting the jury to overlook the key issue of Freedom of Speech and ignore evidence that was so conclusive that we won in the UK." She concluded: "I’m sad I lost this case. But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American – to speak freely and openly.” Johnny said he felt “truly humbled” at the verdict, sharing that he had been “overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world”.   