Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss have been slapped down on Russia state-owned TV by pundit Vladimir Solovyov. The pro-Kremlin presenter flew into a rant in response to British General Sir Patrick Sanders warning his troops "we must prepare the Army to fight in Europe once again," amid the conflict in Ukraine. Solovyov took aim at Mr Johnson and Ms Truss, branding the pair "comical" and "parodies" of Britain's past wartime leaders. Solovyov told Russia1: "The head of the UK Armed Forces, Sanders, wants to create an army capable of defeating Russia. "But obviously, Britain won't succeed at that on its own under any circumstances. "Their army is the smallest it has been in 300 years, only 73,000 strong. "But as is often the case, the British make loud war cries, but from behind other people's backs." He added: "Getting out and doing some actual fighting on their own behalf - well, it's not Waterloo anymore, they aren't very eager to do that. "The UK is led not by Winston Churchill these days, but by a pathetic shaggy-haired parody of him. "And it's not at all the Iron Lady waiting in the wings, but a poor parody of her in a furry hat. "Let's put it that way because that's what Liz Truss was wearing when she had a photo session, although the weather was fairly hot, on Red Square."  "But all the same, they're all so comical! "But as we know, that doesn't make these clowns any less bloody." It comes as Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky predicted Moscow would escalate attacks ahead of a summit of European leaders expected to welcome Kyiv's bid to join the EU. Moscow's separatist proxies claimed to have captured Toshkivka, a town on the mostly Ukrainian-held western bank of the Siverskyi Donets river, south of Sievierodonetsk, which has become the main battlefield city in recent weeks. DON'T MISS:Russian ammunition warehouse suffers 'multiple explosions' in Ukraine [VIDEO]War in Ukraine could last for years as Boris warns west  [INSIGHT]Putin’s war escalates as British Armed Forces told: 'Be ready'  [REVEAL] Ukraine acknowledged that Moscow had success in Toshkivka and said the Russians were trying to gain a foothold there to make a breakthrough into the wider, Ukrainian-held pocket of the eastern Donbas region. It also confirmed a Russian claim to have captured on Sievierodonetsk's eastern outskirts. "Obviously, this week we should expect from Russia an intensification of its hostile activities," President Zelensky said in a Sunday nightly video address. "We are preparing. We are ready." In Odesa, Ukraine's biggest Black Sea port, a food warehouse was destroyed in a Russian missile attack on Monday, the Ukrainian military said. No civilians were reported killed.