Lady Windsor's eyes gained attention during Prince William and Catherine’s wedding in 2011, which she attended as an eight-year-old. The daughter of Prince Edward and the Countess of Wessex, now 18, was born with esotropia or "squint". Esotropia is a condition that makes people’s eyes look in different directions. In some cases, the condition comes and goes and remains unproblematic but if it happens all the time and is left untreated, it can cause problems. Lady Louise underwent surgeries to fix her eyes – including one which failed. Today, her facial features look a lot different compared to when she was a child. Her mother, the Countess of Wessex has been open about where the condition comes from and how it affected Lady Louise. "Premature babies can often have squints because the eyes are the last thing in the baby package to really be finalised," she told The Sunday Express. "Her squint was quite profound when she was tiny and it takes time to correct it. “You've got to make sure one eye doesn't become more dominant than the other but she's fine now – her eyesight is perfect." READ MORE: Monkeypox: UK cases spike by 69% - how to ‘avoid’ getting the infection Squints are fairly common with one in 20 babies being affected by the condition. They normally develop before age 3 but can continue into childhood and adulthood. Lady Windsor had her first operation for the condition to correct her eyesight in January 2006. But the condition remained and she persisted with it until she was 10, when she was able to correct it. DON'T MISSType 2 diabetes: Craving three types of food is a sign [ADVICE]Lionel Richie health: Singer on mysterious illness [INSIGHT]Cancer warning: Three supplements increasing risk [ADVICE] The Countess of Wessex was so moved by her child’s struggle growing up that she became the Global Ambassador for the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness. Squints can also develop as a way of the eyes trying to overcome short-sightedness and long-sightedness, although in some cases, they are the result of developmental issues or genetic conditions. According to the NHS, “It's important not to ignore a squint that happens all the time or occurs after 3 months of age”. Left untreated, it can lead to persistent double or blurred vision, as well as a lazy eye which can alter eyesight. It can also lead to self-esteem issues. Outside of surgery, treatments for the condition include glasses that can help with any issues that are responsible for causing the eyesight issues. Eye exercises can also help control eye movement can also help to make sure the eyes work well together. Alternatively, children may be given injections which do the opposite. Rather than strengthening one of the eyes muscles, it weakens them. This is another way to help the eyes line up better. Squints may also in some cases be a sign of retinoblastoma, a rare childhood cancer. Retinoblastoma affects young children, usually under 5 years old. Luckily, 9 out of 10 children with this condition are cured. The NHS states that other symptoms of retinoblastoma include: