Manchester United are looking increasingly likely to sign Frenkie de Jong, Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen this summer. And the Red Devils are hopeful of announcing all three players imminently as they finally up the ante in the transfer window. They’ve lagged behind their rivals at first but, now, are confident of adding the trio to their squad this summer as they look to give Erik ten Hag the best possible chance of succeeding. Manchester United have, to this point, had a quiet summer. They lost Juan Mata, Edinson Cavani, Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Lee Grant at the start of the transfer window, with the sextet departing for free. United had wanted to land Darwin Nunez but, when it became clear a deal would eat into most of their budget, allowed the Uruguay international to move to Liverpool instead. Erling Haaland had also been in their sights but, having finished sixth in the Premier League table under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, the Red Devils never stood a chance - with the forward proceeding to join Manchester City. And United have also stood back as the likes of Chelsea, Tottenham and Arsenal have all strengthened their respective squads. Now, though, the Red Devils are set to finally give Ten Hag what he wants. The 52-year-old is eager to overhaul the squad, especially given their issues under Rangnick and Solskjaer last term. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And United now have three players they’d like to announce with the club hopeful of giving their new manager the backing he craves. The first, and most well-known, is De Jong. United have spent the bulk of the summer negotiating a deal with Barcelona, who have previously been hoping to secure a substantial fee for the 25-year-old. Big things were expected of De Jong when he first moved to Catalonia from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. But he’s often blown hot and cold throughout his time at the Nou Camp, struggling for consistency under the likes of Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi. In an ideal world, De Jong would stay at Barcelona. That’s his preference, something he’s expressed privately and publicly. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Yet United are now on the verge of landing the Netherlands international and reuniting him with Ten Hag, his old Ajax boss. They’ve finally agreed a fee with Barcelona which is believed to be in the region of £59million up front. And United are hopeful of confirming De Jong’s move to Old Trafford by the end of the week so he can join the rest of the squad on their pre-season tour. Malacia, too, is nearing a move to the Red Devils. The Feyenoord star had looked likely to join Lyon before news of a hick broke on Tuesday afternoon and evening. He left a lasting impression on Ten Hag last term with his performances against Ajax. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And United are now expected to bring the Netherlands international to the club, with reports in France saying Malacia has ‘approved’ a transfer. It’s possible his announcement will be imminent, especially with it already confirmed Malacia will be leaving Feyenoord behind. And the third signing United want to confirm is that of Eriksen. Just a year ago, it looked as though the Denmark international would never play football again after suffering a cardiac arrest at the European Championships. Eriksen has, however, responded from that incident by rediscovering his best form at Brentford. The former Tottenham star is yet to choose between United and Thomas Frank’s team when it comes to his future. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here However, United believe they’ve done everything possible to sign Eriksen and think that, ultimately, he’ll choose them as his next club. Eriksen previously turned down a move to the Red Devils back in the summer transfer window of 2019, when Solskjaer was manager. He had concerns over their ambition and also his role in the team, especially given the club’s treatment of Mata at the time. But the 30-year-old was allowed to train with Ajax by Ten Hag after his cardiac arrest a year ago. And that gesture could now pay off for United as they look to bring the experienced playmaker to the club this summer. De Jong, Malacia and Eriksen are all signings the Red Devils want to announce. And it seems only a matter of time before that happens now that John Murtough has made breakthroughs behind the scenes.