The instructions on the cards were specific enough to say “YOU take YOUR seat” and "say hello" to guests. Mr Biden has previously been mocked for gaffes and polls have shown that many Americans are concerned with the President’s “mental sharpness”. Biden regularly uses cue cards for potential questions from the press or meeting notes, but the oddly specific nature of this most recent cheat sheet had some questioning the President's mental state. Political commentators took no time to roast the President on Twitter. Stephen Miller, a political advisor under former President Trump, called for Biden’s removal. He said: “There need to be emergency hearings next year on the 25th amendment.” The 25th amendment refers to the ability of a cabinet to remove an incapacitated.  Commentator Andrew Malcom said: "We are So Screwed: Joe Biden Accidentally Reveals His Step-by-Step Notes on How to Act, What to Say--'Enter Room Say Hello Take Your Seat...'" Newsmax TV host Greg Raymond Kelly tweeted: "On Joe Biden's note card- there are BASIC INSTRUCTIONS on what Joe is supposed to do. "1. Walk in room. 2. Sit Down. 3. Speak. 4. Ask question. Is he in NURSERY SCHOOL?" Others pointed out that the simple instructions may be a sign of cognitive decline. Sky News Australia's presenter Peta Credlin said: "These cheat sheets aren't big detail but they say things like say hello to participants. "This says to me he has serious cognition failure. I think it's extraordinary."   READ MORE: EU doubts in Austria as OVER HALF don't think membership is good The instructions begin by telling the President to enter the Roosevelt Room and “say hello to participants.” They continue: “YOU take YOUR seat, Press enters, YOU give brief comments… minutes, Press departs, YOU ask Liz Schuler President, AFL-CIO, a question.” The cue card finishes “YOU thank participants, YOU depart”. Mr Biden has been embarrassed by staff notes before, including one that read “Sir, you have something on your chin.” The President also held this note up the wrong way - towards the press cameras. Republicans often point towards what they call Mr Biden’s “mental decline”. Former President Donald Trump said that he was mentally “shot”. There is some evidence that at least some of the American public agree with them. In an ABC News/The Washington Post poll released earlier this year 54 percent of Americans stated that they didn't believe Joe Biden had the “mental sharpness it takes to serve effectively as president”. DON'T MISS:Ukraine: Church of England defies Boris as bishop urges SURRENDER [LIVE]Kate and William stun in first official joint portrait [PICTURES]Brian May bids farewell to London after wrapping up tour [REPORT]  This marks a shift from 2020 when the majority of Americans, 51 percent, believed Mr Biden’s mental capabilities were up to the task. President Biden has reportedly been at odds with his staff in the past as they have tried to control his message. Earlier this year, when he said the Russian President Vladimir Putin “could not remain in power”, unnamed White House staffers quickly walked back the comments - telling the media Biden was not discussing regime change. Part of President Biden's appeal throughout his political career has been his authenticity and his ability to connect to voters through that authenticity. However, that has been somewhat stifled by staff trying to protect the president from on-camera gaffes. NBC News reported: “The so-called clean-up campaign, he has told advisers, undermines him and smothers the authenticity that fuelled his rise. Worse, it feeds a Republican talking point that he’s not fully in command.” 