Today, the Royal Family were front and centre for the Trooping the Colour celebrations on the first day of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how Kate Middleton fared in the spotlight looking after Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Cambridge children are ever so well behaved, and are impeccably polite during royal engagements. Today was no different as the royals and nation rallied together to celebrate HRH. Judi told Express.co.uk: "Apart from looking her usual regal, elegant self, Kate also provided a masterclass in parenting today as she and William coped with their three young children at a very high-profile moment." But how did the mum of three ensure that her children were on their best behaviour? READ MORE: Kate & Pippa have one 'huge difference' when it comes to parenting Despite Kate's incredibly important royal role, she is a mother first, much like the late Princess Diana. Judi observed: "Kate’s body language showed she was focused on the children first and foremost. "Arriving in the carriage with Camilla she barely seemed to acknowledge her during the ride, keeping her gaze on her children and only turning for some occasional, bashful-looking waves to the crowd." The expert continued: "It is clear William and Kate have been briefing their children carefully for their public appearances. "When the moment came to listen to the ‘three cheers’ to the Queen from the crowd, a couple of small reminder touches had all three immediately pulling up into a pose of attention and they also needed only small prompts from Kate to wave in unison to the crowd from the carriage." The three small children, all under 10-years-old, have grown up being able to be elegant and mature in the public eye. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are tactile and this informs their parenting techniques. Judi said: "The touches from both Kate and William continued to create some silent and fuss-free communications with the children on the balcony. "William placed one hand on George’s shoulder while Kate stroked Louis’s hair." The Duchess also uses the technique of getting on her children's physical level. "Kate also bent to speak to Louis several times, probably because he was bursting with impatience and excitement that emerged as groans of boredom or moments of what looked like sulking." After all, the youngest Cambridge child is only four-years-old. Judi concluded: "Kate’s non-verbal signals suggested she was using reward touches rather than any telling-offs, clearly understanding that this was just all about building excitement for the Red Arrows. "She helped to focus his excitement by building and sharing a sense of anticipation and at one point the Queen seemed to join in until both she and her great-grandson looked thrilled once the jets finally flew over." The great-granny and great-grandson duo were snapped sharing a sweet moment. The pair maintained excited eye contact over the display.