Weeding your garden is a "tedious task" admits William Mitchell of Sutton Manor Nursery, but it is one he is urging Britons not to put off this summer. Garden weeds can spring up out of the blue and grow at a rapid pace, which is why tackling them as soon as possible is crucial. Mr Mitchell explained: "Deweeding in your garden can be a tedious task that feels like it comes with very little to no rewards. "For these reasons, it is not uncommon for people to neglect it and avoid it altogether. "This is a catastrophic mistake that can cause a huge amount of problems in your garden. "Weeds are the most common pests that are found within gardens and can be a huge nuisance to the plants that you want to be growing and nurturing in your outdoor space." READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 80p hack to banish washing machine odours Although weeds may seem harmless at first glance, they can be detrimental to any hopes you have of growing certain flowers and plants. The gardening expert said: "What you need to understand is that plants feed off the water and nutrients found in the soil and without them they will unfortunately die. "Weeds compete with your plants for these crucial nutrients and therefore stop your plants from receiving what they need to stay healthy." Alongside your plants, some weeds can also have an impact on the wider ecosystem of your garden. DON'T MISS‘Best time of day’ to water plants ‘when it’s hot’ - when to avoid [EXPLAINER]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [COMMENT]How to make 'cheap and effective' weed killer [INSIGHT] Mr Mitchell said: "If they get out of hand they can hide your plants making it not only more difficult for you to find and nurture but also hiding the plants from all-important pollinators which is devastating as over 80 percent of the world’s flowering plants need pollinators to reproduce." The way you choose to tackle garden weeds can also have an impact on your garden. While there are a number of chemical-based weed killers available, the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) advised gardeners to opt for non-chemical methods as the first port of call. The RHS said: "The RHS believes that avoiding pests, diseases and weeds by good practice in cultivation methods, cultivar selection, garden hygiene and encouraging or introducing natural enemies, should be the first line of control. "If chemical controls are used, they should be used only in a minimal and highly targeted manner." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The best method of eliminating weeds very much depends on the specific variety. The RHS provides a fully comprehensive guide on how to kill weeds by type. However, there are several non-chemical methods including hand-pulling or using a fork tool. Perennial weeds should be dug out with as much of the root or bulb as possible. Annual weeds should be pulled up by hand before they set feet. The RHS added: "Hand weeding is easiest on lighter soils and should only be attempted where it will not disturb the roots of garden plants. "Further pulling may be necessary with persistent weeds such as bindweed or couch grass where small root sections left behind can re-grow into new plants."