Prince William and Kate Middleton have unveiled an "enormous" joint portrait of themselves as a gift to Cambridgeshire. The portrait was painted by award-winning artist Jamie Coreth and was discussed by presenters Anne Diamond and Stephen Dixon on Friday's instalment of GB News. Stephen blasted critics who have said the portrait makes the Duchess look "less authoritative" than the Duke.  As they were admiring a picture of the portrait, Anne told GB News viewers critics have demanded the artist apologise to Kate as she is "looking subservient almost to William". However, Stephen said: "I'd like to go and see it. It must be about 10 or 12 feet tall, it's bigger than life-size and absolutely enormous. "It looks stunning," he added. "The critics, I think, don't know what they are on about." READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen  The public will be able to see the portrait at the Fitzwilliam Museum for an initial period of three years before it is exhibited in other community spaces around Cambridge. Discussing the criticism toward to portrait Anne said: "Yes, William is there striking an alpha male pose, looking very relaxed but also authoritative, and Kate is sort of cuddling up to him slightly. "Critics say it is making her look not quite as important as him, but he is the future king. "That might be overdoing it really as I think she just looks lovely."  Viewers wrote into GB News to have their say on the picture, with one believing it would have been better if William was turned slightly more towards the Duchess. Anne added: "I think he is probably right there, if Will was turned a little more towards Kate, he could almost be standing there on his own, I think that is what the critics say. "It looks as though Kate has sided up to him, if he was just acknowledging her a little bit more in his stance it might be better." However, another viewer "loved" how William's hand was in his pocket and thought the couple looked very much in love. DON'T MISS...Princess Beatrice has 'most attractive smile' in RF - see pictures [PICTURES]Kate hailed for sweet act with girl in hospice [LATEST]Royal Family LIVE: William and Kate plan US visit as tensions erupt  [LIVE] Anne joked: "She is looking away from Will but I think she is looking at the painter saying, 'Isn't he gorgeous?'" The artist behind the portrait said it was the most extraordinary privilege of his life to be chosen to paint this picture. He said on Thursday: "I wanted to show Their Royal Highnesses in a manner where they appeared both relaxed and approachable, as well as elegant and dignified. "As it is the first portrait to depict them together, and specifically during their time as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, I wanted the image to evoke a feeling of balance between their public and private lives.  "The piece was commissioned as a gift for the people of Cambridgeshire, and I hope they will enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed creating it." The Duke and Duchess viewed the portrait during a day of engagements in Cambridgeshire on Thursday. William commented that it was "quite big" but thought it was "amazing". GB News is available to watch on Freeview, Sky and Virgin Media. 