A lumpy pillow can be caused by a plethora of different things. Pillow stuffing can collect dirt, debris and moisture which can cause the innards of the pillow to clump together. The dirt and the moisture needs to be ousted from the inside to restore the pillow to its original shape. Now, Martin Seeley, CEO and sleep expert at MattressNextDay has shared his tips for removing lumps from pillows. The sleep expert suggested using a tennis ball and a sock to make lumpy pillows fluffy again. He said: “When making your bed feel like a five-star hotel, you should also fluff your pillows daily. “To do this, you just need to pick it up and hold the left and right sides of the pillow and compress and decompress. READ MORE: Ideal temperature to ‘effectively’ clean bed sheets - ‘kills bacteria’ “However, if you have a lumpy pillow, there’s another hack. “Simply place it in the dryer with a tennis ball or two inside a clean sock. “Turn the dryer on to the lowest setting possible and turn it on for 30 minutes. “The tennis balls should beat the lumps out of the pillow, and the sock will prevent the dye of the tennis ball from appearing on your pillows.”  DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls [ANALYSIS] Other experts also suggest compressing lumpy pillows to get them back into shape. This can be done by grabbing both the left and right sides of the pillow, lifting it up and quickening compressing and decompressing it. Do this method for around 30 seconds, then flip the pillow and repeat for another 30 seconds. Down and feather pillows can get lumpy from sweat and moisture if they’re used over a long period of time. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Shaking and fluffing down pillows each morning can help air flow between the feathers, keeping them soft and fluffy. Fluffing pillows can improve the overall luxury of a bedroom. They can also make pillows more comfortable to sleep on. Pillows, if washable, should be washed every four to six months.  Pillowcases should also be washed once a week. Old pillows can have mould, mildew, fungus, dust mites and other allergens in them. Pillows should be replaced every one or two years with new ones. Replacing them regularly will ensure they are still supportive, clean and allergen-free.