Chief Inspector of Constabulary Andy Cooke said they should instead attend every burglary and be based within schools. Mr Cooke also wants to see a return to neighbourhood policing to deter criminals, build intelligence and win back the trust of communities. The former Merseyside chief constable, 57, has won the backing of Home Secretary Priti Patel for his no-nonsense approach. He said: "Neighbourhood policing isn't about walking down streets kissing babies on the head and waving to shopkeepers. You've got to have an edge. "Officers have got to be seen to be taking action against problems that are there, whether that's through problem-solving, whether that's through putting doors in to catch people. "It's not about a PR job. Yes, it takes a resource to do it. But it's the building block for everything else." Mr Cooke's comments follow highprofile criminal cases involving police officers, low detection and charging rates, and concerns about how forces deal with issues affecting women and minorities. He said: "When I was a young officer, the complexity was nothing like this. Most criminals lived within an arm's length of where you were working. "There weren't all the different forms to fill in... the challenge of new technology and social media and spending every minute of your shift being photographed or videoed by someone." Mr Cooke said 99 per cent of police did an "exceptional job" but should not spend vast amounts of time on a mental health issue when medical professionals could take over. He could not "see any reason" why police should not attend every break-in, ideally in the first few hours. Mr Cooke warned: "I'm here to make sure the public have the best service possible. And to do that, you will upset people at times, you will identify some ugly truths for them. "But I think it's important then that you work with them to improve it." A Home Office source said: "Andy is exactly right. Cops need to be focusing on the work that really matters, cutting crime and keeping people safe, not having to pick up where other elements of the state have failed." Former Metropolitan Police Federation chairman Glen Smyth said: "Police have been in full retreat for too long and it is about time we got back on the front foot."