Love Island's Demi Jones has addressed her battle with thyroid cancer, admitting she was "nervous" for her first scan after being given the all-clear from the disease last December. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the reality TV star, 23, told how she's continually being monitored and checked after being told she's cancer-free. The star said: "My first [scan] after the cancer free diagnosis was nerve racking and I feel like it's always in the back of your head. "[You think] 'Ok, I've had cancer once so this is something that I'm really susceptible to, we just gonna come back and we're going to get a different cancer in the future.' "But I feel like you can't think like that," Demi admitted. She went on: "But I think in general there's so many other things that could literally harm me or kill you or whatever." READ MORE: Piers Morgan in tears as gun massacre speech reminds him of daughter Last December, Demi announced the news that she was cancer free after being diagnosed with thyroid cancer in May. But since being given the all-clear, the star told how she still had to go for regular checkups. She explained: "Every three months, I have to go in for a blood test and scan checkups, I just have a chat and see how I'm getting on. "They try and work out my medication levels, which I will be on every day for the rest of my life. "So every three months and the next, I think it's five to 10 years, I have an annual scan. "So they'll send me a letter and do a scan of my neck and make sure everything's okay and no lumps have comeback," she added. Demi continued: "That's so reassuring for me, so that I know I'm not having to chase, I'm not having to like get a new appointment and try to push to see a specialist. "I know that they're going to come to me every year and I'm going to have that scan. DON'T MISS... Queen removed beloved aide over unauthorised action 'Was cancelled' [ANALYSIS]Mick Jagger, 78, sparks frenzy with joyful snaps in Liverpool [UPDATE]Eva Longoria, 47, showcases peachy rear in tight-fitting gym clothes [INSIGHT] "But in general I have to check for other parts like breast cancer moles and things like that," she said. Elsewhere in the interview, Demi heartbreakingly admitted that she's "lost" a lot of herself over the past year. When asked what this year has in store for her, the flame-haired star told how she's putting herself first after a challenging year. Demi said: "I think for me is definitely over the next couple of months I'm trying to regain some self love. (sic) "I think I've lost so much confidence. "It's like I've gained confidence in such that I feel like I'm a stronger person. "But in terms of like my appearance and how I feel about myself, I think I've really lost a lot of confidence," she added. The Love Island star continued: "So over the next couple of months, I just want to focus on myself and feel good about myself and just have that self love again."