Former BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker never worked on Sundays due to his Christian faith. It has been two weeks since his debut on Channel 5 news, and he recently joined the Loose Women panel to discuss his latest projects. Whilst discussing his move to Channel 5, talk turned to his religion, where Dan expressed his religion doesn't get in the way of his journalism career. Dan joined Ruth Langsford, Katie Piper, Jane Moore and Denise Welch during Monday's episode of the ITV chatshow. After talking about his move across to Channel 5, Katie asked about his strong Christian faith and how he never works on a Sunday. Dan explained: "In this country, we don't really have a tradition of talking about it because people think it is private, and I don't shove it in anyone's face. "But I am happy to talk about the fact that my faith is a big part of who I am, I don't swear, but occasionally I drop a few f-bombs," he joked. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint The reporter continued: "Family, faith and friends are really important things to me, and I think, particularly in this industry, some people will say some really horrible things about you. "I think from my perspective, my faith really grounds me, gives me a sense of perspective, so the praise never takes me too high, and the criticism never takes me too low. "It doesn't matter what people think of me because I know that I am valued, and I know that that gives me something which I can hold onto in the good times and the bad." Denise asked: "Do you question your faith? Because there must be a lot all the time, and in recent years you must have as a man of faith found quite challenging?" "I think it is important to ask yourself those deep and meaningful questions all the time," he admitted. " To reassess things, but I often come back to my own experience and the way I have seen faith in other people's lives. "Those are the things that keep reminding you that it is real and is tangible and makes a difference, it forms who I am and what I do, how I speak and what I want to do with my life." Throughout his career, Dan has never bragged about his religion and kept his and his family's faith out of the public eye. DONT' MISS...Dan Walker opens up on speaking his mind after leaving BBC Breakfast [INSIGHT]Dan Walker says Piers Morgan 'overstepped the mark' in rivalry [LATEST]BBC Breakfast staff 'uneasy' over ‘hasty’ Dan Walker replacement [MORE] However, this hasn't come without its struggles, as back in 2021, Dan set the record straight about his beliefs. He said to the Daily Mirror: "I have never, and will never, described myself as a creationist. "As a Christian, just like every Christian, Jew and Muslim, I believe that God is behind creation. But that is it. "I want to live in a world where we can have different views on things. Gary Lineker can present Match of the Day even though, would you believe, he supports one of the teams in the Premier League. "An atheist can interview a Hindu about the intricacies of their faith. I don’t understand why we are terrified of people who think slightly differently from the way we do." He added: "I am a journalist, and it is my job to ask questions. We had a creation scientist on Five Live, and my second question to him was, 'How can you believe this stuff when there is so much evidence against it?' "I like to think in the time I’ve been on Breakfast, all those fears have been allayed. I’ve asked all the questions I need to ask, and some I go out of my way to ask because I don’t want people to point the finger." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.