Dr Michael Mosley has revealed how people can speed up fat burning and it involves avoiding three food groups in order to slim down. Speaking on ITV's This Morning, he explained that simply cutting calories is "not always the best method" for consistent weight loss. Instead, Dr Mosley revealed how avoiding sugar, starchy carbohydrates, and processed meat can transform the body’s metabolism and put it into fat-burning mode. He said: "Cut right down on sugar, sugary treats, drinks and desserts. "That includes most breakfast cereals, which are usually full of sugar, as well as most commercial smoothies." Consuming too much sugar increases the risk of heart disease, obesity, high blood pressure, and inflammation. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake According to Healthline, research has shown that liquid sugar may be "especially harmful" compared to getting it from solid food. The dietician went on to advise removing or minimising starchy carbohydrates. White bread, pasta, potatoes and white rice are all on his list of weight gain culprits. "Switch instead to whole grains including bulgur (cracked wheat), whole rye, wholegrain barley, wild rice and buckwheat," he said. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Brown rice is OK." Other "healthy and filling" alternatives to stodgy carbohydrates include lentils, kidney beans and chickpeas. These can all be added to meals and Dr Mosley added that making this switch was also "a good way to cut down" the price of the food shop, whilst also watching your waistline. Ultra-processed meats and processed food in general are also best avoided, according to the nutritionist. This is because they're often "packed with sugar, fat, and salt, as well as chemical flavourings and preservatives. Dr Mosley revealed processed foods can include: Chicken nuggets Burgers Chips Pizzas Hotdogs Pre-packaged meals Mass-produced ice-cream Sweets Crisps Energy bars Bakery goods Biscuits Margarine "Pretty well anything that says ‘instant’– i.e. instant noodles, soups and desserts," his Fast 800 Diet website states. He said that these foods are "designed to set off the reward circuits in our brains so once we start eating them we find it really hard to stop".