During the Jubilee celebrations weekend, Kate joined Prince William on a royal visit to Cardiff. The pair, also joined by their two eldest children, visited Cardiff Castle and during their visit, royal fans captured a very sweet moment of the loving tribute made by the Duchess. The short clip, posted on Twitter by @Hellen3030, showed the 40-year-old smiling as she spoke to adoring royal fans. In the clip, a royal fan gushed that Kate will make "a brilliant Princess of Wales'" when Prince William becomes first in line to the throne. Kate replied: "That's very kind", before adding "I'm in good hands". The Duchess replied with a nod to her husband, who was guiding their children just ahead. The sweet clip caused a frenzy amongst royal fans. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined by palace aides One user, @loveforcambridg, replied to the tweet: "Aw so cute just wished the lady said “Queen” because Catherine already is a Princess! But that was a lovely moment anyway". Another user, @mwalker2950, said: "Yes she will and I hope she takes the title of Princess of Wales she deserves it, it will make William proud" The user also added that "Diana would have loved her". A third user, @DandenongsFern, tweeted: "Such a lovely thing to say and so humble; she still relies on him to give her direction. Even after 20 years together". READ MORE: Princess Anne ‘sees straight through’ Meghan Markle - psychic makes bold claim Prince William is currently second in the line of succession. William's father, Prince Charles is next in line to the throne. Prince William married Kate in April 2011 and the pair have now been married for over a decade. The couple met in 2001 at Scotland's University of St Andrews. At the start, the two were very low-key about their relationship. They had a brief split in early 2007 but quickly rekindled their relationship. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT]William told how to approach Harry to avoid further 'embarrassment' [ANALYSIS]Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry [VIDEO] Since their wedding day, the couple have welcomed three children together. Their first child, a son, Prince George was born in 2013. Two years later, the couple welcomed a daughter, Princess Charlotte. On April 23, 2018, Kate gave birth to the couple's second son, Prince Louis.