Liverpool players have flooded into Sadio Mane's Instagram comments to pay tribute and say goodbye after his departure was made official on Wednesday. Mane has left Anfield after six successful years, joining Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich in a £35million deal. After Bayern announced his arrival, Mane took to Instagram to bid farewell to the club, the staff, the players and the fans. The 30-year-old winger labelled his success on Merseyside 'incredible' and stressed he would never forget his stint under Jurgen Klopp. He wrote: "Difficult to find the right words for this. I just want to thank you from the bottom of my heart, I am so pleased to be a very small part of this incredible success we had together during the last 6 years. You were always there. In good and in bad times. I never will forget this. Thank you again. You never walk alone." Liverpool's official account and Mane's teammates were quick to send heart-warming messages to the club's iconic No 10. Mohamed Salah, one-third of Klopp's deadly trademark attack featuring Mane and Roberto Firmino, led the tributes with a post of his own. JUST IN: Man Utd request granted as Dean Henderson transfer agreement reached Mo Salah: "It's been quite a ride! Thank you for all the good times and I wish you all the best in your new adventure! You will be missed by all of us." Liverpool official account: "Thank you for everything, Sadio. Liverpool legend." Jordan Henderson: "Thanks for everything, see you soon - heart emoji" Henderson's story: "Good luck my friend! Thanks for everything. We will miss you." Andy Robertson: "An absolute pleasure to share the left-hand side with you! You will be missed my friend" Kostas Tsimikas: "Heart, hands up emoji" Tsimikas' story: "We will miss you brother" Virgil van Dijk: "Heart emoji" Van Dijk's story: "Wishing you all the best at your next adventure! You will be missed brother, leaving as a BIG @liverpoolfc legend!" READ MORE: Gabriel Jesus 'prefers Arsenal move to Tottenham' as rivals battle Liverpool have replaced Mane with Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, securing his services in a club-record £85m deal earlier this month. The 22-year-old could be part of a new-look front three next season, with Luis Diaz potentially taking the mantle of Klopp's starting left-winger. Despite turning 30 in April, Bayern will view the £35m they chalked out for Mane as an absolute steal. The Senegal international will hope to take the Bundesliga by storm next term and attempt to lift the second Champions League title of his career with the Bavarian giants. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here