Mary Doran's manager did not believe she suffered from the debilitating headaches and even accused her of lying about her symptoms because he thought she was hungover. The tribunal heard Ms Doran had two migraines at work in February 2021 and had to have time off work as a sales assistant at a Nisa store in Dukinfield, Greater Manchester.  Her boss - identified in tribunal documents only as Mr Maher - said they would need to discuss her condition upon her return to work because he was "disapproving of her absence". In April 2021 she started experiencing signs of another attack and asked her manager to go home. But the tribunal heard he told her "tough" and refused to let her leave. Ms Doran carried on but could not see clearly enough to serve customers. So Mr Maher sent her to the stock room and told her to sit on a foot stool until she felt better. But she lost her balance, and was forced to lie on the cold concrete floor with her handbag supporting her head. Despite her manager being able to see the stock room on CCTV, she was left in that position for two hours and no medical help was sought for her until her friend Sarah Barber was called to take her home. Ms Barber found Ms Doran "unable to speak, and with a degree of paralysis which prevented her moving easily". Ms Doran was signed off sick for two weeks but upon her return was told there were no shifts for her due to her "health issues" and she was forced to resign in July 2021. Ms Doran has now won £15,998 after an employment tribunal ruled she was discriminated against by her manager because of her disability.  The tribunal, held in Manchester, heard she had suffered from intermittent chronic migraines since 2003. Her consultant neurologist said her symptoms include visual disturbance or loss of sight for up to 20 minutes, numbness from the shoulders down with weakness in both arms and legs, giving rise to Ms Doran collapsing. A migraine could also affect her ability to speak and make her uncoordinated and confused. Ms Doran told the tribunal the effects of an attack "mimic a stroke" and she is often bedridden for one or two days. During and after a bout she said she suffers weakness, nausea, severe head pain, dizziness and disorientation from attacks around once a week. She said Mr Maher's treatment of her disability had changed her from a confident person to "untrusting and worried" as she feared she may be "left on the floor paralysed and unable to help herself" again. Employment judge Paul Holmes ruled Mr Maher discriminated against Ms Doran. He said: "Requiring her to remain at work as Mr Maher did, clearly amounts to a failure to comply with the duty to make reasonable adjustments for her disability." 