The road in Croydon, south London, was closed after armed officers stormed the area. A number of witnesses reported a heavy police presence in Katharine Street this morning (Wednesday, June 1). Pictures from the scene show at least 11 armed officers wearing riot gear. A number of police cars ae also parked up with access to the road blocked.   The Metropolitan Police confirmed officers are dealing with a wanted man after the force was called at 8:10am on Wednesday, June 1 to High Street Croydon, near the junction with Katharine Street. A man suspected of being wanted by police was believed to be in a building at the location. When officers arrived at the scene a man started throwing items of furniture into the street, according to the Met. Local roads have been closed while police deal with the incident.  READ MORE ABOUT A WOMAN ON FIRE AFTER BEING DOUSED IN PETROL  London Ambulance Service and London Fire Brigade have been called as a precaution. Members of the public have also been evacuated from their flats for their safety. The Met said there are no reports of any injuries.  Armed response and territorial units can be seen outside a bus station near Croydon Library.  DON'T MISS: 'What's gone wrong?' Grant Shapps blames airlines for travel chaos [LATEST] Airport chaos as TUI cancels MORE flights - 'Could get worse' [REVEALED] Meghan spotted with little Archie! Duchess seen on rare day out in LA [REPORT]    One witness said: "Katharine Street Croydon closed. Plus part of High Street. Ongoing incident with armed police." Croydon Council tweeted that the High Street and Katharine Street are closed from the junction with Scarbrook Road to the junction with Fell Road due to a police incident. The local authority announced that buses are on diversion and urged people to avoid the area if possible. MyLondon reported armed officers appear to be in a standoff outside the Snappy Snaps shop in the High Street.     A spokesperson from London Fire Brigade said that they are just "standing by" and supporting police. A hairdresser, who works in Toni and Guy almost directly below the flat that furniture was reportedly thrown from, described how they have not been allowed to leave. She said: "I was so shocked. We have no idea what is going on and were just told to lock the doors and not let anyone in or out." 