Elvis Presley is being remembered today as Baz Luhrmann's new epic biopic, Elvis, hits cinemas. The movie depicts how the King of Rock and Roll first met his wife-to-be, Priscilla Presley, after being drafted into the US Army. He was stationed in Friedberg, Germany, in 1959, where Priscilla was living with her mother and stepfather (a US Air Force Captain). When Elvis' time in the Army was over, he moved back home to Graceland. But he couldn't be without Priscilla. Priscilla visited Graceland for Christmas the following year, but Elvis wanted more. He used the trip to ask Priscilla to move in with him - permanently. Of course, her parents were very apprehensive about the idea. But Elvis spoke with them over the phone and made some promises. He assured them he would get her the best education he could, and that she would never be in danger or be left in financial ruin. Eventually, they agreed. And in 1963 Priscilla moved to Graceland permanently. It was then that Priscilla started to see how often Elvis indulged in various medications to get through his day-to-day life. Priscilla recalled the events in her own words in her memoir, Elvis and Me. She said one of the first nights she spent with Elvis at Graceland he "counted out his usual number of sleeping pills". She objected. She asked: "Why are you taking those now? You’ll fall asleep." The young woman - who was just 18-years-old at the time - revealed she had "other plans" for the King that night. He replied: "Don’t worry. It’ll take a while for them to take effect." He then gave her a large red pill and urged her to take it. He said: "Here, just take one of these and you’ll get a good night’s sleep. It’s okay since you’re not going to school this morning. I wouldn’t advise it on school nights, though." (Via People) READ MORE: Elvis Presley affair: Furious Priscilla Presley 'threw vase at wall' Priscilla wrote: "I swallowed the pill. It gave me a nice feeling. My body tingled. I was lightheaded but in control. Snuggled in Elvis’ arms, I was happy to be near him, his warm body against mine." She added that the sleeping pill "dissolved her inhibitions". She felt as sure that the night would end with "Elvis making love to her". But the King did not want to go through with it. He stopped her advances. Elvis said: "Don’t get carried away, Baby. Let me decide when it should happen. It’s a very sacred thing to me. You know that I want it to be something to look forward to. It keeps the desire there." DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie secretly together for years after split [NEWS]Elvis Presley affair: Furious Priscilla Presley 'threw vase at wall' [INFO]'Elvis would be livid' over his family excluded from film [INSIGHT] Despite Elvis' reservations about being "intimate" with Priscilla, her autobiography revealed they spent time together in other ways. This included a collection of roleplay scenarios. Priscilla revealed she acted out "fantasies and scenes" invented by Elvis to satisfy his desires. These included outfits and make-believe. She wrote: "Whether it was dressing up in my school uniform and playing at being a sweet, innocent schoolgirl, or a secretary coming home from work and relaxing in the privacy of her own bedroom. We were always inventing new stories." Through thick and thin, Elvis and Priscilla remained together as partners until 1967. Then they took the next step. Elvis and Priscilla were married on May 1, 1967. They had a small wedding in Las Vegas surrounded by their families, friends and loved ones. They used Frank Sinatra's private jet to fly to the Aladdin Hotel in Nevada. They flew out in the dead of night to avoid any paparazzi. Nine months to the day, Priscilla gave birth to their first and only child, Lisa Marie Presley. She was born on February 1, 1968. Elvis is in cinemas now. SOURCE / SOURCE