The daughters of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson have returned to the spotlight earlier this month, when they attended several events to celebrate the Queen's reign during the extended Platinum Jubilee bank holiday. Their increased presence in the public eye led to speculation Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie may in the future join the Firm as its working members. However, royal fans' hopes to see Beatrice and Eugenie take on a more prominent role within the Royal Family have been dashed by a source, who claims Prince William is "absolutely on the same page as his father, always has been, always will be" when it comes to the future of the institution. Prince Charles has been rumoured for years to be planning a slimmed-down monarchy when he becomes King. Prior to the decision of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry to step down as senior royals, the plan reportedly included the Prince of Wales' two sons, their families and the Duchess of Cornwall. Following the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's departure, Prince Charles could now rely on his eldest son and his family to carry on with his reported plan to modernise and streamline the institution. While he agrees with his father's vision, William is very close to his cousins - as he is to Princess Anne's children. A source told the Daily Mail: "He is very close to his cousins, Beatrice and Eugenie, but these women have their own families and careers and he believes this is a very good thing. "He is even closer to Zara (Tindall) and Peter (Phillips) and admires the lives they have built outside of the family. "They will always all be included in family moments, but that’s very different from having royal roles." READ MORE: Prince William could be set for huge promotion This comes after the Telegraph reported a claim Prince Andrew is pushing for his daughters to be made working royals. Since leaving school, Beatrice and Eugenie have crafted their own career far from the Royal Family. Princess Beatrice works for US software company Afiniti while her younger sister has a job at Hauser & Wirth art gallery. Despite not being working royals, which means they are not entitled to taxpayer-funded security and the Sovereign Grant and can't carry out public duties on behalf of the Crown or the Queen, the princesses are involved in several charitable initiatives. Beatrice is one of the co-founders of Big Change, a charity striving to give young people the tools to thrive. She also champions organisations focused on literacy and raising awareness on dyslexia. Princess Eugenie co-founded the Anti-Slavery Collective in 2017 to raise awareness on modern slavery and bring together experts and activists to put an end to it. She is also the champion of organisations such as the Scoliosis Association UK and the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital (RNOH) and is an ambassador for the Blue Marine Foundation due to her interest in protecting the oceans. Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice took part in several events during the four-day-long Platinum Jubilee weekend. On the first day of celebrations, they were joined by their husbands to watch the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's office overlooking Horse Guards Parade. The following day, they attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral with most other members of the Firm. Eugenie's husband Jack Brooksbank sat next to Prince Harry and Meghan during the service. The sisters and their husbands were once again out in force on June 4, when they watched together the Party at the Palace concert from the royal box, sitting near several other members of the Firm as well as politicians and officials. And on the last day of celebrations, they returned in the royal box for the Jubilee Pageant, with Eugenie and Jack joined this time also by their one-year-old son August. Hours prior to the beginning of the Pageant, the royal sisters headed to a street party in the Westminster borough to meet locals and take part in activities.