As a member of the British Royal Family, Queen Elizabeth II's brooches are amongst the most historical, and valuable, pieces of jewellery in the world. The monarch, who has been on the throne for 70 years, is rarely seen not wearing one "pinned to her shoulder" at royal engagements. Speaking to 9honey, royal author Bethan Holt discussed the Queen's statement, and "carefully thought about", accessory. Speaking to 9honey's UK correspondent Karishma Sarkari, Ms Holt said: "I mean, one of the Queen's favourite accessories that, you know, never really see her without [is] a brooch pinned to her shoulder." She added: "These are not just any brooch. "They're always very carefully thought about, very carefully considered." Ms Holt noted one particular brooch the 96-year-old wore during a television broadcast during the Covid pandemic. READ MORE: Kate and William issue rare personal message in deeply emotional tribute to Deborah James She said: "During Covid, she did this broadcast and she decided to wear a turquoise brooch. "This is a stone which has, kind of, healing properties, it emits a sense of calm", adding, "[it was] a really appropriate stone to choose at that moment." The royal author, who penned the book The Queen: 70 Years of Majestic Style, also made reference to a brooch the Queen wore during her New Zealand visits. She said: "She will wear a fern brooch, which is the emblem of New Zealand. "It was given to her by the women of New Zealand when she visited there in the 1950s". READ MORE: Meghan Markle hints at trip to Washington DC as she pledges to 'show up' for her causes Despite ongoing concerns surrounding her health, the Queen travelled to Scotland for the Royal Family's traditional week of engagements north of the border this week. She was in Edinburgh for the historic Ceremony of the Keys at the Palace of Holyroodhouse. During the visit, the monarch was symbolically offered the keys to the city by Edinburgh Lord Provost Robert Aldridge. DON'T MISS Earlier this month, the 96-year-old celebrated her Platinum Jubilee. Celebrations took place to mark her 70 years on the throne. Due to her ongoing mobility struggles, the Queen didn't attend all events over the course of the four-day bank holiday. READ NEXT: