Gemma (played by Dolly-Rose Campbell) has been doing her best to mother five children on Coronation Street in recent months, what with her stepson, Joseph Brown (William Flanagan) agreeing to live with his father, Chesney Brown (Sam Aston). The Rovers Return barmaid also has to contend with looking after four children under the age of five in the form of her quadruplets. However, Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) seems to have been making her life harder on the ITV soap and this is where the loud-mouthed character could have taken revenge by becoming an internet troll. As Monday's episode began, the refuse workers were still striking over measures Maria wanted to bring in as a councillor for Weatherfield. She has been receiving support from her husband, Gary Windass (Mikey North), but many residents of the cobbles have been frustrated with their bins not being collected. After seeing Maria in the middle of the street and following her statement to the Gazette being altered into a video mimicking the councillor, Gemma wanted to add her two pennies worth in. Struggling to get bin bags into the bin, the mother of five said from across the cobbles: "Oi, lady muck. My bins haven't been emptied." "Yes, no one has Gemma. There is a strike on," Maria replied but this was not a good enough excuse for Chesney's partner. READ MORE: Amanda Owen parents: Who are the Yorkshire Shepherdess' mum and dad? "Yes and I've got four kids that aren't properly nappy trained. If my bin doesn't get emptied yet, it's going to melt," Gemma remarked. Maria replied: "I'm sorry, we're all in the same boat," but the mother of five added: "No. We're not. My boat is full of stinky nappies, yours is probably full of air." Seeing the altercation from her living room window, Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) got involved in the conversation as well. The former mayor said: "Gemma has a point. I know you're new to politics but an impasse like this is where you really earn your corner as a councillor." Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) couldn't help but add his opinion on the matter as he caused trouble by telling Sally: "Easy for you to say, two bins." "You've got two bins?" an annoyed Gemma asked, with Sally telling her she doesn't "hide the fact" she has two bins out front. "But there's only two of you. There's eight of us in our house, we've only got one," Gemma told her neighbour, stating she also wanted two bins. "It's not really my department," Maria told the horde of people congregating to hear what she had to say on the issue she had caused. "You had better make it your department because I want it sorting," the mother of five demanded. Stepping in to defend his wife, Gary said: "It will all be over soon, alright, she's got a meeting with the union reps tomorrow." DON'T MISS...Alan Halsall weight loss: Secrets behind Corrie star's transformation [ANALYSIS]Sally Carman posts sexy swimsuit snap after battling illness [PICTURES]Corrie's Matthew Marsden details 'crazy' experience with Beyonce [COMMENT] "What am I going to do in the meantime?" Gemma asked the councillor, still blaming her for the situation which was unfolding. "I don't know, just leave them out. If it all gets sorted they could be picked up at any time," Maria explained to her neighbour. Gemma was not happy with the result of the conversation and later in the episode, a deep fake video had been posted of Maria on social media. An image of the councillor had been manipulated onto the face of a woman featuring in a pornographic film and by this point, Maria knew she was being trolled. Although she was deeply upset, she decided she was going to confront the person behind the keyboard, despite not knowing their identity. Filming a video of herself outside her home, she said: "My name is Maria Connor and this is a video for all of those who have trolled me under the edited statement of my comment to the Gazette. "Specifically to the poster who goes under the name of Red Pilled 100 and who uploaded a deep fake video of myself with a stolen image. "Congratulations, you shamed me. For about an hour, I was absolutely mortified. For myself and for my son "But then I realised something. You're just an abuser, a hateful, misogynistic bully who gets their kicks out of women feeling powerless. "But the truth is, you've made a big mistake because I don't feel powerless, I feel in control. "I am never, ever going to let cowards and bullies like you win. There are people in this community who need me and I'll be damned if you let me steal it from them." The fact the person who posted the video was called Red Pilled could be a hint the person tormenting Maria is actually Gemma. Known for her bright red locks, this could be a clue as to her identity but the councillor won't have put the pieces of the jigsaw together. By the end of the episode, Maria's address had been leaked online by the same person who had put up the deep fake video. It seems the person is known to the councillor and Gemma just lives around the corner from Victoria Court where Maria lives. Could it really be Gemma who is tormenting Maria? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.