Renovation work can cost a lot of money, which homeowners may not get back when the property goes on the market. ScS has partnered with webuyanyhouse.co.uk to share what to “avoid” when wanting to add value to a home. According to the experts, freestanding baths are “unattractive to buyers”. They said: “Freestanding baths look great in social media posts, but they often come with a lot of practical issues that make them unattractive to buyers. “They are far higher maintenance than normal varieties. “You may need extra room under your floor for additional pipes and plumbing. “If these pipes leak, they can be expensive to access and can create bad smells.” READ MORE: How to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture When it comes to the interior of the home, experts often recommend keeping it neutral when seeing. This is so prospective buyers can envisage their furniture pieces in the home. According to the experts, homeowners should avoid frog tape walls at all costs. They explained: “Triangular-painted feature walls, with frog tape used to create coloured shapes, have become incredibly popular. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 20p hack to remove toilet stains - ‘cheap’ [COMMENT]‘Simple’ ways to keep houseplants ‘happy’ and ‘healthy’ in summer [EXPERT]Sarah Beeny shares ‘common pitfalls’ people make when renovating [EXPLAINER] “But such creativity isn’t always appreciated by buyers. “Over-expressive decorating, like accent corners, scalloped edges, painted arches, or frog tape walls, are all very much to individual taste. “It can make it harder to achieve a sale. “You’re far better off sticking to neutral colours.” Gold hardware should also be avoided, including door handles and furnishings. The experts said although shiny gold features can add a “touch of elegance” around the home, the effect doesn’t last long. They said: “Gold hardware can quickly look stained and marked, which is very noticeable. “It can also be difficult to match it with other features in your homes especially once the gold colour is faded.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea On cold winter months, log burners can make a room feel cosy. They also look great in homes. However, according to the experts, many buyers try to avoid them. They said: “They require a lot of fuel, which can be expensive, and you need somewhere to store the wood, which takes up extra space. “There’s also the risk of smoke damage and marking decorated walls, which buyers won’t want to inherit.”