The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have reportedly landed in Kigali, the Rwandan capital. The news comes just days after the Price is said to have slammed the migrant plan as "appalling". The plan would see asylum seekers' claims processed in Rwanda, however, Home Secretary Priti Patel's plan has met with fierce opposition from migrant charities and human rights lawyers causing the first flight out to be delayed. The Prince was reportedly especially frustrated by the plan as he is due to represent the Queen at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting - the reason for his current visit, according to a source speaking to The Times. A Clarence House spokesperson said that the Prince had not tried to influence the Government on the issue. The spokesperson said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. “Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” The Rwanda plan has been thrown into doubt following an 11th-hour decision by the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) which blocked the removal of one of the asylum seekers on the flight. This decision allowed lawyers for the other six asylum seekers on the flight to make successful last minute applications for their removal. Home Secretary Priti Patel was "disappointed" by the decision but has vowed to challenge the ECHR ruling. READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles She said: “We will not be deterred from doing the right thing and delivering our plans to control our nation’s borders. “Our legal team are reviewing every decision made on this flight and preparation for the next flight begins now.” Boris Johnson has threatened to remove the UK from the ECHR following the ruling. The Prince and the Duchess of Cornwall are in the East African country to represent Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. DON'T MISS:Labour’s Wes Streeting issues an apology for 'abusive' Tweets [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: 'Economic vandalism' Irish PM throws down gauntlet [LIVE]Russia loses closest ally as China cuts off exports to Moscow [ANALYSIS]  The meeting will see Commonwealth leaders travel to Rwanda to reaffirm their common values and agree to actions and policies to improve the lives of their citizens. The meeting was due to take place in June 2020 but was postponed twice by the pandemic. The future King has hailed the meeting as an opportunity to make a difference on issues like climate change or providing opportunities for young people. He said: "Taking shared responsibility to solve problems like these means the Commonwealth has the potential to make a profound difference in the lives of its citizens - and, in so doing, to be an unparalleled force for good in our world." 