Netflix subscribers are holding their breath to discover if the fourth season of Stranger Things can stick the landing when the two-part finale event hits screens at the start of July. Unfortunately, fans are already uncovering some massive blunders within the first seven episodes thanks to a recent admission from the show’s creators, The Duffer Brothers. Fans thought they had spotted a minor detail to explain why Will (played by Noah Schnapp) was so glum during Mike (Finn Wolfhard) and Eleven’s (Millie Bobby Brown) trip to the roller rink. Eleven’s humiliation in episode two, Vecna’s Curse, revealed they attended the rink on March 22, 1986. As well as the start of their spring break, this just so happens to be the birthday of one Will Byers - at least, according to the Duffers’ previous scripts. In an explanatory TikTok, an observant fan realised the date of Will’s birthday had been established by his mother Joyce (Winona Ryder) way back in the second season. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series TikTok user strsedts posted the scene in which Joyce says, “Do you know what March 22 is? It's your birthday.” They then cut to a clip of Will glumly trailing behind his friends at the roller rink. “They forgot about his birthday. Happy 15th Birthday Will,” the fan added in a caption, including sad faces and a love heart emoji. While some fans have speculated Will has been moody all season due to a secret attraction to his friend Mike, this fan proposed an alternative explanation. Could his friends have forgotten their trip to California also fell on the same date as his 15th birthday? Unfortunately, the Duffer Brothers have since nixed this theory and revealed the date was simply included as a coincidence. “The honest response is, clearly like the characters in the show, we also forgot about Will’s birthday,” Matt admitted to Variety. “So the debate now is whether we adjust Will’s birthday or we just let it be really sad.” DON'T MISS:Riverdale delayed: Season 6 set for another hiatus on the CW [LATEST]Squid Game season 2: Netflix fans blast renewal decision [REACTION]Yellowstone tributes pour in as season 4 star dies [TRIBUTE] The creators could go back and tinker with a previous episode to change Will’s birthday or adjust the timestamp of the video camera footage in episode two. However, their mistake has also inadvertently added some unexpected poignancy to the roller rink sequence for viewers who paid extra attention. As Mike is giving all his attention to Eleven, Will seems distraught to be pushed to the sidelines in their friendship group. He later confronts Mike about their neglected friendship, so his resentment about his forgotten birthday may have also been bubbling up beneath the surface. Although, Ross reiterated: “It was obviously a mistake, and we’re sorry. We apologise to the fans.” And Matt added: “And especially to Will! It’s unfair.” Thankfully, Will quickly went back to being a part of the team when the Hawkins gang’s latest supernatural adventure kicked into gear. Hopefully, his luck starts to change when the final two episodes of season four release next month, though nothing is ever certain when it comes to Stranger Things. Stranger Things season 4, volume 1 is available to stream on Netflix. Volume 2 will be released on Friday, July 1.