Princess Catharina-Amalia, 18, posed with her parents, Maxima, 51, and Williem-Alexander and her two sisters, Princess Alexia, 16, and Princess Ariane, 15, for a series of new pictures yesterday, June 24. The Dutch Royal Family were photographed at the Noordeinde Palace in The Hague. The young Princess Catharina-Amalia did not disappoint with her style as she donned a beautiful floral dress for the photos. She donned a Diane Von Furstenberg floral chiffon maxi dress. The floor-length gown was black and covered in purple and pink flowers with green leaves. Called the ‘Erica Floral-Print Chiffon Maxi Dress’, the garment retailed for a huge £595. READ MORE: Keep strawberries fresh for 10 days with simple food storage hack The dress had short sleeves, a tight bodice, and a flowing skirt with a subtle slit. On her feet, Catharina-Amalia worn her mother’s shoes, which were black suede sandals by Gianvito Rossi. The shoes are the ‘Portofino 100 Black Suede Sandals’ and have been previously seen on Queen Maxima. Catharina-Amalia’s dress has been seen before too as the young royal donned it earlier this year. DON'T MISS:Effective way to remove toilet limescale with ‘no scrubbing required’ [EXPERT]Reduce cellulite in 3 weeks with Nivea’s £12 gel - ‘It actually works! [BEAUTY]Carrie Johnson steps out in hot-pink suit in Rwanda [PICTURES] Standing either side to Catharina-Amalia were her sisters, Alexia and Ariane. Alexia wore an unique patterned shirt and matching trousers – both were slightly baggy and featured large white flowers on a lime green background. The satin shirt and wide-leg trousers were both from Sandro Paris. Alexia completed her look with her mother’s red clutch bag and a pair of orange high heel strappy sandals from high street brand Zara. As for Ariane, the 15-year-old wore a white gathered detail shirt dress, also from Sandro Paris. She paired this with a pair of chunky nude espadrilles from Office. The Princesses looked beautiful, and royal fans were quick to say so. Instagram user @mog1717 said: “I love that these girls are encouraged to be individuals. I think they are going to be like Queen Anne Marie, Queen Margrethe, and Princess Benedikte.” Commenting on Catharina-Amalia’s dress, user @isabelq42 said: “She looks lovely. Love the dress.” Rachel Eastwood wrote: “I love the way these royal kids rewear their mom’s clothes and accessories.” User @birdnerd327 commented: “The dress looks great on her, but especially love the shoes.” User @royallyinspired said: “Loving all of their looks!” User @melisseadel added: “Beautiful!”