The Queen's only daughter Princess Anne will pay tribute to the monarch today (June 2) at Trooping the Colour. The Queen's long reign is being celebrated with a four-day Platinum Jubilee bank holiday, and it will be kicked off with the annual birthday parade spectacular in central London. Like her brother and nephew, Princess Anne is wearing several medals while taking part in the procession on horseback today. The Princess Royal is famed for being one of the hardest-working members of the Royal Family, and she has amassed several medals during her service. At the funeral of her father, Prince Philip, in April 2021, Princess Anne wore these medals as she walked with other members of the Royal Family in the procession. At Trooping the Colour this year, Anne is wearing Silver, Gold, Diamond and Platinum Jubilee medals, The Most Noble Order of the Garter, The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle, and The Royal Victorian Order.  READ MORE: Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome'  Anne also possesses the Naval Long Service and Good Conduct Medal, which her brother Charles also has, and the Canadian Forces Decoration. The Order of St John Medal was also worn by the Princess Royal at her father's funeral and it marks her 30 years of association with St John's Ambulance. Princess Anne received her Jubilee medals from the Queen as a working member of the Royal Family. At Trooping the Colour this year, Anne is wearing the new Platinum Jubilee medal in honour of the Queen's 70 years on the throne.  Anne is wearing the uniform of the Blues and Royals as she is Colonel of the regiment. On past occasions, Princess Anne has worn the Order of the Garter sash, the Garter Star and the Order of the Thistle Star. Princess Anne was made a Royal Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter in 1994. The Most Noble Order of the Garter is the most prestigious order of chivalry in Britain and it was established in 1348 by Edward III of England.  DON'T MISS:Queen's Jubilee masterplan to 'see as many as possible' [INSIGHT]Princess Anne's 'healthy' diet includes unusual breakfast [ANALYSIS]Princess Anne's engagement ring is opposite to the Queen's [PICTURES] While Princess Anne has not seen active service in the military, she holds several honorary military titles. Princess Anne received a promotion in 2020 to mark her 70th birthday, as is traditional for senior members of the Royal Family as they get older. Anne was appointed to the rank of General in the British Army and Air Chief Marshal in the Royal Air Force. In 2012, Anne was given the rank of Admiral in the Royal Navy. 