Our Yorkshire Farm fans will certainly be surprised to learn that shepherdess Amanda Owen has been hiding a secret tattoo on her back. Proving her true passion for farming, the mum-of-nine has a “tramp stamp” of a sheep. However, Amanda admitted the inking is “stretched” after she carried and gave birth to nine children over the years. The 47-year-old was asked to spill something that not many people knew about her. “I have a tattoo of a sheep – a tramp stamp!” she replied. “Once upon a time it was a very neat Swaledale but after nine children I'm a bit stretched so it might not look so much like a sheep anymore…” she added in an interview ahead of The Game Fair. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux The TV favourite was also asked about the best and worst things about living in such a remote place. “You can lose yourself and distance yourself from everyone and everything. Once I go out of that door to work it is back to basics,” she replied. “My home life is busy and chaotic, but my work life is solitary. Too much of each one is not good, but living in a remote place gives me peace and quiet.” Amanda shocked Our Yorkshire Farm viewers earlier this month when she announced the devastating news that she was splitting from her co-star and husband Clive Owen, 67, after 22 years of marriage. "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate," she wrote in a statement on Instagram. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. “Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children,” she continued. “We would also like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.” DON'T MISS...Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip [VIDEO]'Horrendous!' Bake Off's Paul Hollywood on marriage breakdown scrutiny [ADMISSION] They share a brood of nine children - Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, ten, Annas, eight, Clemmie, six, and Nancy, five. Amid reports Amanda and Clive were experiencing difficulties in their marriage, they responded with a public statement in October 2021. It read: "With the TV show and the books we've always aimed to show the reality of life on the farm. "And just like any marriage, we have our stresses and strains, coupled with all the complexities of what we do on the farm and bringing up nine kids. "We’re a normal family and we’ve never said our marriage is perfect." They added that they had been experiencing a "rocky patch". For tickets to The Game Fair, visit thegamefair.org