The Earl and Countess of Wessex were all smiles as they posed for a picture with Nicos and Andri Anastasiades, the President and First Lady of Cyprus. Sophie and Edward posed outside of the Presidential Palace, where a red carpet had been laid down for them. For the engagement, Sophie donned a white dress with an orange pattern, a clear reference to the flag of Cyprus, accessorised with a brown clutch bag and a pair of nude heels. Her outfit was described as an "excellent choice" by a royal fan on Twitter called @CarolSeddon3. She wrote: "Love the summer frock, excellent choice." Prince Edward looked dapper in a striped suit paired with a blue shirt and red tie with white polka dots. After the photograph, the Queen's youngest son proceeded to inspect the Guard of Honour at the palace. Sophie and Edward arrived in Cyprus on Monday for a three-day visit. Following their arrival, Sophie and Edward took part on Monday evening in a reception hosted by the British High Commission in Nicosia. The event celebrated the Queen's official birthday, made extra special this year by her historic Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Prince William could be set for huge promotion At the reception, Sophie and Edward met some of the Britons living in Cyprus. During this trip, the Wessexes have been tasked to celebrate the ties of friendship between the UK and the republic. They will also recognise the UK's contribution to the UN Peacekeeping Force based in Cyprus by visiting the UN Buffer Zone and hear more about the United Nations mission in the country. Edward is scheduled to meet students from across the island who are working towards gaining their Duke of Edinburgh's Awards. The Earl took on the legacy of the successful initiative launched by his father in the mid-1950s and often meets people involved in the programme. In March, he travelled to Kenya to oversee the progress of the Duke of Edinburgh's International Award in the country. In May, he hosted thousands of young people involved with the scheme at a number of Buckingham Palace garden parties, during ich he met award holders, heard about their experiences and mingled with A-listers. While in Cyprus, the Countess will continue her work focused on championing women. Among the people she is set to meet, there are the Cypriot members of the Women Mediators Across the Commonwealth network, who bring together their expertise in mediation and the peace process. The royals will also stop at the Sovereign Base Areas to meet some of the British military members currently posted there and their families. This trip to Cyprus comes only a few weeks after the Wessexes visited Gibraltar. That trip also aimed at celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and the successes of the Duke of Edinburgh's Award as well as meeting as many locals as possible. In April, Sophie and Edward were among the royals tasked to take part in a lengthy tour to mark the Jubilee. The pair visited the Caribbean nations of Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent & the Grenadines, and Antigua & Barbuda.