Arsenal have received a major boost in their pursuit of Youri Tielemans after his latest U-turn. Leicester expect to sell the midfielder this summer transfer window. Tielemans had considered Champions League football pivotal to his transfer decision-making this summer but has since changed his plans. That is a major boost to Arsenal, who missed out on the top four but still consider the Leicester star a major target. The Belgium international is determined to leave the King Power Stadium over the coming weeks while the Foxes expect him to depart. The midfielder has just one year left on his contract and they do not want to lose him for nothing next year. Arsenal have long held the former Monaco star as one of the solutions to their midfield woes and Mikel Arteta is a huge fan. But missing out on Champions League might have hampered their efforts - but not anymore. According to The Athletic, Tielemans has changed his mind on playing in the Champions League next season. While he had hoped that he could be in the competition, he no longer sees it as a necessity when deciding on his next club. The Gunners consider themselves strong favourites to snap up the 25-year-old this summer and have been laying the groundwork over a transfer for some time now. Liverpool and Manchester United have tentative interest in the Belgian but are behind the north London outfit in the race. The report also states that Arsenal have presented Tielemans with the most compelling offer so far and there have been rumours that he could sign for as little as £25million. That would be a major coup for Arteta, who has other areas of the squad that he wishes to bolster. As well as a midfielder, a striker is also coveted by the Spaniard and there are several on his shortlist. However, top-class forwards do not come cheap while the likes of Lautaro Martinez, Victor Osimhen and Gabriel Jesus have been strongly linked. So landing a class midfielder for a fraction of his market value would represent a massive deal for the Gunners, who will have to contend with many more games than they are used to. After finishing fifth, they will participate in the Europa League having missed out on European competition entirely last year. “We are going to have certain resources, not unlimited resources, some resources,” Arteta said last month on the transfer window. “And with our resources we have to play and do what we have to do in the best possible way. "We don't know what the rest are going to have in terms of resources, which I'm assuming is going to be challenging because now it's not a top three or top four league. Now it is a top eight or 10 teams that are involved. That's why we have to find a way to do again what we did last summer.”