Emma Raducanu is facing off against Belgium's Alison Van Uytvanck during the first day of Wimbledon 2022. The 19-year-old teen sensation, who caught the attention of the public during her first appearance at last year's Wimbledon, will begin her campaign at the All England Club from 3.30pm UK time. If you want to watch all the action from Centre Court then you can tune in on BBC One, BBC Two or head to BBC iPlayer, with the app and website broadcasting Wimbledon 2022 in 4K this year. This time last year Raducanu enjoyed a stunning debut campaign at Wimbledon, marching to the fourth round not long after sitting her A Levels. If that wasn't impressive enough, a few months later Raducanu ripped up the record books by becoming the first British woman since Virginia Wade to win a Grand Slam singles title at the US Open. That triumph British tennis fans had been waiting decades for was all the more impressive seeing as Raducanu won the tournament at Flushing Meadows not only as a qualifier, but also without dropping a set. Going into this year's Wimbledon, the 19-year-old from Bromley has been hit by a series of injuries that have hampered her preparation. Raducanu also faces a tricky opponent and seasoned opponent in her first round match at SW19. BBC will be exclusively broadcasting all the action from Wimbledon 2022. One of the big draws of Day One will be Emma Raducanu taking on Alison Van Uytvanck, with the defending US Open champion beginning her campaign from 3.30pm. Wimbledon 2022 is being shown on both BBC One and BBC Two, with viewers able to press the red button to access matches from all courts. You will also be able to watch Wimbledon 2022 on BBC iPlayer, with all live Centre Court matches being shown in crystal clear Ultra HD. You will need to have an eligible 4K device (such as Smart TV that supports HDR) to watch Wimbledon in 2022. Alternatively, if you want to watch on the go you can tune into all the Wimbledon action via the BBC iPlayer app on your smartphone or tablet. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BBC iPlayer due to geo-location restrictions. This problem can be easily fixed though by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). For those on the market for a VPN subscription you can find our picks for the best deals around below...