Liverpool will have a number of contract issues to resolve over the coming weeks and months, although Mohamed Salah's long-term future remains likely to be the club's top priority. The Egyptian maestro has failed to sign a new and improved contract on Merseyside as of yet despite months of negotiations with the Reds hierarchy, with his salary demands believed to be the main sticking point. Salah is thought to be looking for a weekly pay packet in excess of £400,000 but Liverpool are not prepared to rip up their existing wage structure in order to accommodate the forward's exorbitant demands. Talks are still believed to be ongoing but it remains to be seen whether he will eventually manage to find a compromise and commit his long-term future to the club he joined from Roma back in 2017.Liverpool will be desperately hoping to keep hold of Salah, though, given his pivotal role in shaping their successes both domestically and in Europe during his five-year spell on their books to date. However, he is not the only Reds player to be out of contract at the end of next season as things stand and those in power at Anfield will need to avoid being side-tracked by the situation in order to resolve the futures of their other existing stars in addition to that of Salah.Roberto Firmino is also yet to sign a new deal but it remains to be seen whether the Brazilian forward will be kept on by the Reds beyond next summer. Like Salah, he has played a hugely important role for Liverpool over the years but has only managed to score 20 goals in all competitions over the last two campaigns and has often been overlooked in favour of Diogo Jota or Luis Diaz in recent months. JUST IN: Liverpool could try Sadio Mane swap deal that may suit all parties Firmino is likely to command a high wage, though, which could arguably be better spent elsewhere in the form of a longer-term replacement. However, he is already a proven fit for Jurgen Klopp's side and would continue to serve as a solid option off the bench for Liverpool if they eventually decide to extend his current deal.Naby Keita is another Liverpool player who will be a free agent next summer as things stand and it will be up to the Reds to decide whether to keep or sell the Guinean midfielder over the coming months. He has largely failed to live up to expectations since joining the club from RB Leipzig in 2017 but has shown flashes of brilliance and would represent another decent back-up option for plenty of years to come if Liverpool's hierarchy opt to extend his stay at Anfield in the near future. There are also a handful of fringe players facing uncertain futures at Liverpool, with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain yet to extend his stay at Anfield as of yet. The former Arsenal man has rarely featured over the last two seasons and could perhaps benefit from a clean break by moving elsewhere, while Liverpool would be set to reap the rewards of freeing his salary from their books in future transfer windows if he is allowed to leave the club this summer or in a year's time.The six-time European champions would do well to keep hold of Rhys Williams, though, given the 21-year-old's impressive loan spell at Swansea City over the course of this season. The Preston-born defender still has plenty of potential to succeed at Liverpool but would likely command a decent fee in a few years if he ultimately fails to make the grade, which suggests that it would be unwise for the Reds to allow him to walk away on a free transfer next summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here