The helpless pups, thought to be German shepherd types, were found by shocked members of the public in a wooded area off Heath Lane, Huddersfield, on Monday. The puppies, who should be with their mum until they are at least eight weeks old, were rushed to local vets who called the RSPCA. One was put to sleep as she was struggling to breathe and four have since died due to infection and congenital problems. The remaining six are being hand-reared by the charity's volunteers and are doing well. RSPCA deputy chief inspector Sara Jordan, who has taken on one of the pups, said: “It’s so lucky that there were people passing who went to look inside this bag because the puppies were only hours old and were extremely vulnerable. “They had been dumped in the woodland, in a bag, and all still had their umbilical cords attached. “The finders rushed them to a local vet who checked them all over and estimated that they were just a few hours old. "Sadly, one of the puppies was struggling to breathe and was very sick so they made the difficult decision to put her to sleep. “The veterinary clinic called us and asked for help as they didn’t have the facilities or the expertise to hand-rear the remaining 10 pups. “The puppies will need to be hand-reared and require very intense care as they’re completely reliant on us, as they would be their mother. “I’m caring for a little girl called Tippy who needs feeding every 90 minutes! I have to take her everywhere with me and keep a very close eye on her. “Hand-rearing is incredibly difficult and, sadly, we’ve lost four - some due to infection and some due to congenital problems - but thankfully the remaining six are now doing really well and get stronger and stronger every day.” The RSPCA, which fears for the puppies' mother, has launched an investigation into the incident. The charity fears ther cost of living crisis may be behind people abandoning their pets. Ms Jordan added: “I’m really concerned that there’s a bitch somewhere who has just given birth to these puppies and could require veterinary attention. “I’m also keen to hear from anyone who may know who is responsible for abandoning these puppies in such an irresponsible way. "They were so young and vulnerable, more of them could have easily died. “Times are tough at the moment and we understand that many families are struggling to cope, particularly given the rising cost of living, and we fear that we’ll see many, many more pets being relinquished to charities or abandoned because their owners simply don’t know where to turn. “But abandoning tiny puppies like this is so irresponsible and cruel. "Please, please never abandon your pet but ask for help before things get so desperate.” The puppies will remain with their fosterers until they are old enough to be rehomed. Anyone with information is asked to contact the RSPCA's appeal line on 0300 123 8018. 