Tottenham are targeting highly-rated Villarreal left-back Pervis Estupinan as they look to carry out further business with the Champions League semi-finalists, according to reports in Spain. Earlier this week, Spurs held discussions with their La Liga counterparts regarding a potential swap deal involving Giovani Lo Celso and Pau Torres. Villarreal are keen to land the Argentine attacking midfielder on a permanent basis following a successful loan spell in the second half of last season. Talks remain ongoing with Tottenham also keen to explore a potential deal for Spain international defender Torres, who is also a target for Manchester United. Spurs are yet to decide whether they will push ahead for Torres though in the aftermath of top target Alessandro Bastoni's decision to stay at Inter Milan. According to Spanish newspaper MARCA though, Estupinan is also a topic in north London and the full-back's agent is already working on a deal. Tottenham sources have since played down the links to the player though, insisting he is not an active target. READ MORE: Tottenham 'to make £26m swap deal bid' for Alessandro Bastoni in final transfer attempt The Ecuador international caught the eye in Villarreal's Champions League semi-final second leg against Liverpool when he displayed his pinpoint crossing from the flank. Estupinan likes to motor up and down the flank and hypothetically, would be a great fit for Antonio Conte's left wing-back role. Villarreal could also reportedly entertain a sale too, after tying down Alfonso Pedraza to a new contract. The La Liga outfit are also looking to raise cash this summer to make some improvements to their squad after missing out on Champions League and Europa League football for next season. READ MORETottenham 'to make £26m swap deal bid' for Alessandro Bastoni in final transfer attemptTottenham 'in Pau Torres swap deal talks' with Villarreal after Man Utd transfer hesitanceTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal If Spurs were to clinch a deal, it would not be Estupinan's first stint in England. The 24-year-old technically spent four seasons with Watford, although he failed to appear for the Hornets following a string of loan spells with Granada, Algeria, Mallorca and Osasuna, where he really impressed during the 2019/20 season. His form encouraged Villarreal to make their move and now the Yellow Submarine could be prepared to offload at the right price. Tottenham already have a number of options at left wing-back, particularly following the signing of Ivan Perisic on a free transfer from Inter Milan. Ryan Sessegnon finished the season strongly and he remains a key part of Conte's plans moving forward. The same cannot be said for Sergio Reguilon though, who will be sold this summer if a suitable offer arrives. Perisic's versatility and experience mean he is also expected to play in attack for Tottenham, as well as at wing-back, where he flourished under Conte at the San Siro. Matt Doherty is also expected to provide additional cover at wing-back, once he returns from his knee injury.