The Duchess of York posted the black and white image on her Instagram account in order to mark Father's Day on Sunday. Taken when the two girls were only toddlers, Beatrice and Eugenie can be seen sitting on a settee with their grandfather Ronald the father of the Duchess who sadly died in 2003.  Writing on Instagram the Duchess paid tribute to her father. She said: "Happy Father’s Day .. I miss my Dads. Fabulous ginger eye brows; and a golden heart." The magical image and heartfelt message left royal fans gushing on social media. Instagram user robcudmore57 wrote: "What a fantastic man and friend."  While another user, sarahji72, said: "Remember meeting your dads a couple of times, his golden heart is strong within you. Beautiful photo.." A third user, lexienewell_46, chimed in: "Adorable beautiful memories Sarah thank you for sharing this delightful photo and a Happy Fathers Day to Prince Andrew Edoardo and Jack love and best wishes from Australia." Meanwhile, evamariaguter added: "I miss my Dad too , Happy Fathers Day in Heaven." Princess Beatrice herself contributed, telling her mother how much she loved the image. READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie tipped to receive title from Prince Charles  She said: "OMG two sweet peaches with beloved Grandad. "You're always Daddy's daughter, Mummy Sarah. Also, happy father's day to Papa Andrew, Edo & Jack !" Ronald Ferguson was born in Basingstoke, Hampshire and was educated at Eton before graduating from Sandhurst. He joined the Life Guards in 1952 rising to the rank of captain in 1958 while serving in Germany, Egypt, Aden and Cyprus. READ MORE: Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed'  [REVEAL]Prince Charles shares photo of himself with sons for Father's Day [INSIGHT] Zara Tindall and Princess Beatrice show 'genuine' bond [SPOTLIGHT] After retiring from the Army in 1968 Ferguson focused on Polo which brought him into contact with the Royal Family. This was how his daughter Sarah met Prince Andrew. In 1979 he played Polo alongside Prince Charles for the England II team. 