Manchester United will reportedly stand firm over their not-for-sale stance regarding Cristiano Ronaldo this summer. However, according to John Barnes, the club would be making a big mistake in keeping the Portuguese sensation, whose presence only encourages "disharmony".   The 37-year-old's agent, Jorge Mendes, is understood to have broached the possibility of the disgruntled striker moving on this summer with the likes of Bayern Munich and Chelsea discussed. But while Ronaldo is rumoured to be growing somewhat frustrated by United's transfer inactivity this summer, according to ESPN, the club refuse to allow the player's unrest to lead to an Old Trafford exit. The furore over Ronaldo's future is hardly what United need right now as the dawn of the Erik ten Hag era has got off to a stuttering start on the transfer front. But while United have taken a hard-line approach over the five-time Ballon d'Or winner, in the eyes of former Liverpool legend Barnes, the Red Devils are only signing themselves up to another year of "disunity and disharmony", as is Ronaldo's unsettling impact. “He (Ronaldo) causes disunity and disharmony," Barnes said of Ronaldo to the Mirror back in May. "When the ball does not come to him, he throws his hands up in the air... that’s a great example, isn’t it? JUST IN: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game  "The harmony at Manchester United is a problem and who causes that disharmony? He (Ronaldo) walks around as though … ‘it’s the rest of them, I’m doing my job’. That’s not what a leader does - that’s what someone who does it for himself does. "The fans love him and when things don’t go his way, he’s like … ‘it’s not my fault.’ That is not what a team is all about. So we know Ronaldo has done well for himself but would you rather have no-one scoring 20 goals a season and United finishing higher up? “I think they would be higher up if they had a better TEAM. If the harmony is better, Ronaldo won’t score the goals but the team would be a better team and would be winning matches.” READ MORE: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop  But while Barnes feels United would be better off without the 'selfish' presence of Ronaldo, the 20-time English champions clearly possess a different view. Amid resurfaced talk of a second Old Trafford exit, the Red Devils appear intent on ensuring the famed forward sees out the second half of the two-year deal he penned last summer. While United evidently view Ronaldo as a key component within Ten Hag's revolution going into next season, Barnes indicates the club may be making a mistake in insisting he won't be sold this summer. Amid a new-found swirl of transfer speculation, perhaps United should be considering cutting their losses, not sentimentality standing by their disharmonious hero. 