Queen Elizabeth II became Queen in February 1952, at age 25, and was 27 at the time of her official coronation in June 1953. When the young Princess ascended to the throne, Europe was in the midst of recovering from the aftermath of the devastating Second World War.  As the country continues to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, Mr Adonis tweeted: “100 days into the Ukraine war is a sombre counterpoint to the Jubilee. “The Queen’s reign began in the aftermath of the Second World War. “The Ukraine war shows us that conflict in Europe, started by fascist dictators without an ounce of compassion or democracy, are with us still The Queen’s reign began in the aftermath of the Second World War: the Ukraine war shows us that conflict in Europe, started by fascist dictators without an ounce of compassion or democracy, are with us still.” As the Russia’s invasion of Ukraine entered the 100th day, President Volodymyr Zelensky said “Victory shall be ours,” featuring the same key ministers and advisers who appeared with him in a defiant broadcast on February 24, the day his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, launched his unprovoked assault.   He said: “Our team is much bigger. “The armed forces of Ukraine are here. Most importantly, our people, the people of our country, are here. “We have been defending Ukraine for 100 days already … Glory to Ukraine.” Tens of thousands have been killed, millions sent fleeing and whole towns reduced to rubble since the start of the invasion, with Russia’s forces – repelled from around the capital, Kyiv, by fierce Ukrainian resistance – now focused on capturing the east. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan booed as they arrive at St Paul's  Moscow has seized about a fifth of Ukrainian territory, tripling the land under its occupation since 2014 when it seized Crimea and parts of Donbas, where some of the fiercest fighting is centred on the industrial city of Sieverodonetsk. Amin Awad, the UN’s assistant secretary-general and crisis coordinator for Ukraine said: “This war has and will have no winner. “Rather, we have witnessed for 100 days what is lost: lives, homes, jobs and prospects.” On the war's 100th day, the UK said Russia holds 90 percent of the Luhansk region - half of the Donbas - and is likely to complete control of it in two weeks. DON'T MISS:Medical staff members stabbed in LA as suspect barricades insideQueen ‘finally meets Lilibet’ GB news: 'Difficult to adjust' to King after Queen It said these tactical successes had been achieved “at significant resource cost” with the concentration of forces. But it said none of Russia's original war objectives had been achieved. 