Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson have promised that the selection of the next 007 would start once No Time To Die had completed its main theatrical run. That day has come and film fans are shaking and stirring themselves in anticipation of what direction the world's longest-running (and loyal Brits might say the best) film franchise in the world will take. Former favourite Hardy has made a stunning return to the front of the race, joining Cavill and the current leader, Bridgerton's Rege-Jean Page. But now UK bookies William Hill have revealed a stunning surge of support for another Brit blockbuster star. Chiwetel Ejiofor was most recently seen on screen as Baron Mordo in the Doctor Strange sequel, The Multiverse of Madness A William Hill spokesperson said: "Although the recent rise in interest around Chiwetel has seemingly come out of nowhere, it could be a sign that he’s an increasingly likely pick, as any sudden shifts will seem to be moving forwards. "He certainly has the credentials to take on the role and make it his own, and it would mark a departure from the Bonds that we’ve seen on screen so far. It’ll be exciting to see how the market shifts further ahead of the official announcement." William Hill has slashed Ejiiofor from 25/1 to 10/1, streaking him far ahead of his Doctor Strange leading man Benedict Cumberbatch on 50/1. Alongside him on 10/1 are Marvel Eternals star Richard Madden and Captain Marvel's Lashana Lynch – however the latter may be a wasted bet since the Bond producers have categorically stated the next 007 will not be played by a woman. James Norton and perennial favourite Idris Elba are a little ahead on 7/1, although the latter in this case may be edging out of contention as he turns 50 this September. Tom Hardy is just ahead of them on 6/1 before the top three contains a surprise – and yet another Marvel star. Michael Fassbender, perhaps best known as Magneto in the X-Men, is making a very strong recent showing at 5/1. Henry Cavill, riding high on leading roles in The Witcher, Enola Holmes and Superman, remains a very strong contender on 7/2, just behind long-term favourite Rege-Jean Page who remains solidly out front on 5/2. Bond producer Barbara Broccoli recently said that choosing a replacement for Daniel Craig is "a big decision. It’s not just casting a role. It’s about a whole rethink about where we’re going."