Dame Kelly Holmes joined presenters Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on Monday's instalment of This Morning where she discussed her sexuality. The British Olympian caused Phillip to break down as he could relate to the athlete after he came out as gay on the ITV talk show in 2020. She said she has been "overwhelmed" by the support she has received following her announcement.  Kelly started to well up when she was talking about coming out at the age of 52 years old after decades of silence. She explained she was 17 years when she realised she was gay after she shared a kiss with a female comrade when she was in the military. The athlete said she hid her sexuality for the fear of being prosecuted as Britain did not allow gay people to serve in the army until 2000. Getting emotional, Kelly said: “I became a self-harmer, I didn’t want to be here frankly at some points in my life." READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint 1628013  Kelly told Holly and Phillip she had been in a "bad way" and had a "bad breakdown" in 2020. "I knew if I couldn’t release it then I didn’t know what I was going to do, so I had to do it,” she explained. Phillip said he wrote on her Instagram page not to be scared about coming out as gay as "it will be okay" and he started crying as he reflected on his own experience. When a tearful Phillip asked Kelly how she feels now, she replied: “I am relieved to finally do it, but it’s hard to unravel everything, so I know the relief will come gradually.   "The responses are really helping me, but it’s that relief and that final thing of releasing myself to have my life. I can honestly say I don’t feel I have ever been happy.” Phillip then asked Kelly: "Do you think you can be happy now?" Kelly revealed she could and added: "My friends and family have been there all the time." The athlete then spoke about her mother's death last August being the catalyst for her to change. Kelly explained: "I do know and I hope I have an authoritative voice to change things, to make things better so that people don’t live in fear and people live their life." DON'T MISS...Kelly Holmes in tears over hiding sexuality 'I had a breakdown' [LATEST]Dame Kelly Holmes: Star details symptoms of 'professional burnout'  [UPDATE]Kelly Holmes, 52, inundated with support as she comes out as gay [INSIGHT]    At the end of the interview, Phillip asked the Olympian: "You can just nod your head if you like, but is there someone special in your life?" Kelly did not respond to the host's question but smiled coyly. Many viewers took to Twitter to send messages of support to the Olympian, with @Secondclassciti commenting: "So brave and courageous Dame Kelly Holmes- a magnificent interview on @thismorning. Wishing you love, happiness, liberation, empowerment and peace. A hero." Stephanie added: "Could’ve listened to Dame Kelly Holmes all day… What a phenomenal woman." (sic)   Melissa Jane Johnson said: "Well that had me in tears, so brave of you Kelly. I hope the weight on your shoulders is lifted and you can now relax." Sara remarked: "I hope Dame Kelly Holmes is happy now. She deserves to be. #ThisMorning." Grant Rivers penned: "Totally want to put my arms into the tv screen and give Kelly and Phill a great big hug on @thismorning. No one should have to live in fear of being who they are. As a gay man myself, I can totally get how they felt!" This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV. 