Fuel prices across the country are souring with some petrol stations asking for over £2 for a litre of petrol and diesel. And with the crisis not showing any signs of slowing down, motorists might start thinking about alternatives to their fuel-powered vehicles. According to the latest RAC Fuel Watch, British drivers now face an average cost of 182.16p for a litre of petrol. The prices are even higher for diesel which currently stands at 188.82p per litre. With that in mind, experts at AutoTrader have revealed the best hybrid car drivers should buy now if they want to save on fuel but are not quite ready to go electric. With the hybrid market booming, motorists could be spoilt for choice. READ MORE: Petrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make However, according to the experts, the best hybrid car to go for is Renault Arkana. They said: “A perfect combination of Renault’s long experience with ICE cars and its more recent electric expertise through models like the Zoe, the Arkana is a best of both worlds - combining modern SUV looks with commendable efficiency.” The car has also been praised for looking “beautiful” with “fabulous curves that make it look way ahead of its time”. The experts also pointed out the car’s ease of access from the tall ride height, the comfort and the efficiency of the hybrid system, and the ability to switch between electric and petrol power as required. DON'T MISS Cyclist only gets a warning after jumping a red light [SHOCKING] Elderly driver has car stolen twice in 24 hours on his birthday [INSIGHT] Driver road rages at elderly couple after they steal her parking space [REVEAL] The prices of the car start at £25,000. AutoTrader’s expert review added: “Be warned, though, you have to step up to the mid-range S Edition to get the larger infotainment screen, which makes all the difference to the value you feel you are getting for the money spent, and transforms the experience in this car. “For the cheapest running costs go for the E-Tech hybrid version, which uses a version of the battery assistance featured on the Clio E-Tech Hybrid. “It helps with efficiency and CO2 figures but not by as much as some company drivers might like, so if you really want to save on Benefit In Kind and other tax costs you’re better off with the Captur E-Tech, which is available as a plug-in.” The sales of electric cars have boomed in the last few years with motorists across the UK buying more EVs in march this year than in all of 2019. However, many drivers still have reservations about switching to electric cars. This could be due to the driving range issues as well as the lack of easily accessible public chargers on British roads. The good news, however, is that motorists can opt out for a hybrid car, which combines the best of both worlds. Owners of hybrid cars can still save noticeable sums of money on fuel. This is because a hybrid car uses its battery on short journeys without consuming petrol. Another benefit of owning a hybrid is the car’s ability to drive over long distances without the driver worrying that they’ll run out of charge. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, previously told Express.co.uk: “Hybrid vehicles offer motorists the flexibility of both a combustion engine and also an electric vehicle, so should you be a driver who mixes short journeys with extended trips along the motorway, then hybrid vehicles may be for you. “Hybrid vehicles are also cheaper to run than a combustion engine, but you don’t compromise on the driving experience. “And as well as the cost savings, you won't be trying to Google 'nearest electric charging point' as hybrids have the functionality to charge their own batteries.”