The bringing together of the nation and the community spirit it evoked were much welcomed in these difficult times. There will undoubtedly be discussions about the monarchy when Queen Elizabeth’s reign ends, but for all its perceived unfairness, having an institution over and above party politics seems to work, which is why we have maintained it. As long as the royals move with the times there’s no reason why there shouldn’t be many more royal jubilees. Diane Silva, Bournemouth, Dorset ----------------------------------------- Hard-working organisers streets ahead with effort Jubilee puts smile on the nation’s face - EXPRESS COMMENT Congratulations to all the technicians, soldiers, policemen, stewards, cameramen and those who cleared up after the street parties and pageantry. The jubilee weekend was something to be proud of. A huge thank you to everyone. Well done. Ian Fuller, Harrogate, N Yorks ----------------------------------------- British traditions and way of life is envy of the world What a wonderful way to show off the British way of life and how we feel about Her Majesty the Queen (“Britain’s national treasure trove…”, June 6). If other world leaders were to represent their country in a similar way rather than showing off guns, missiles and rockets, everyone in the world would enjoy a more comfortable way of life. Richard Frampton, Totton, Hants ----------------------------------------- Terrific Platinum party sparkled with real magic We certainly know how to put on a global extravaganza (“Queen and palace shine brightest on night of stars”, June 6). The televised coverage of the Platinum Jubilee party at the palace was spectacular, with lots of talented musicians and dancers, but the biggest thanks should go to the organisers behind the scenes. The lighting, staging and drone displays were outstanding. Well done to everyone for providing such a superb evening of magnificent entertainment. An exceptional celebration of an extraordinary lady. Congratulations your Majesty on this special jubilee. Pep Newton, Congleton, Cheshire