The Prime Minister said he has "nothing but respect and admiration" for the Prince of Wales. This came after the scheme, which will see asylum seekers deported to Rwanda for processing, was reportedly branded "appalling" by the future king. Earlier this week, Boris Johnson was asked whether he thinks Prince Charles was "wrong" in making the alleged comments about the Rwanda scheme. He responded: "What I don't think we should support is continued activity by criminal gangs. Speaking on LBC, the Prime Minister added: "I do think that it's the job of Government to stop people breaking the law and to support people who are doing the right thing; that's what we are doing." But he later backtracked, with his official spokesperson saying: "The Prime Minister has nothing but respect and admiration for the Prince of Wales, who's spoken out on a number of issues, not least the environment." The Rwanda migrant scheme has faced controversy since its inception, with human rights campaigners seeking to block the scheme from advancing. There are fears that the first flight to Rwanda could be grounded, as human rights lawyers have tabled a "deluge" of legal claims on behalf of the 31 individuals due to be deported tomorrow, a home office source told the Daily Mail. The source said there is a "real prospect" that the removal of all 31 asylum seekers could be delayed by the courts. The Joint Council for the Welfare of Immigrants described the Rwanda scheme as "unspeakably cruel". In a statement, it added: "We all deserve to be treated with humanity and compassion. READ MORE: Prince Charles 'must keep his nose out' of Rwanda row "But the Government has announced a plan to ship asylum seekers to Rwanda. "This headline-grabbing cruelty will cause untold harm to people who should be supported to rebuild their lives here. "Over 100 people have been told the Home Office intends to deport them, with the first flight scheduled on Tuesday 14 June. "Children and young people with family members in the UK face being sent to a country with a poor record on human rights - as the UK itself pointed out as recently as last January." DON'T MISS: 'Disingenuous' EU misleading over Brexit deal - Truss set to retaliate [INSIGHT] How EU came up with plan to send migrants to Rwanda before UK [REVEAL] Prince Charles 'adamant' Andrew won't return to public life 'Deluded!' [REACTION] But Mr Johnson said the Government had expected the scheme would be hit by "attacks" from people who support an "open-doors approach to immigration". He said: "We have always said that we knew that this policy would attract attacks from those who want to have a completely open-doors approach to immigration, who want people to be able to come across the Channel without let or hindrance. "There are very active lawyers in this field. "I have the utmost respect for the legal profession but it is also important we stop criminal gangs." The Prime Minister added: "I think it's very important that the criminal gangs who are putting people's lives at risk in the Channel is going to be broken – is being broken – by this Government." "They are selling people a false hope, they are luring them into something extremely risky and criminal."