Officers from Lincolnshire Police were called to reports of a human skull found by a member of the public in Pear Tree Lane, Fulstow, on Thursday (June 16). The force said in a statement: "We believe this may be a human skull, but this will be determined by an in-depth forensic examination of the skull which can take up to several weeks to complete." The site has been cordoned off with Lincolnshire Police set to remain in the area carrying out a full search over the weekend and into Monday. A local man, who did not want to be named, told Express.co.uk police were at the scene overnight with a tent erected at the site between two wheat fields and a dyke. He explained police officers have been focusing their efforts on the site which is a few hundred yards from a railway track used by Lincolnshire Wolds Railway. It is an area made up mainly of farmland with a few scattered houses off the A16.  The man speculated that a farm worker must have discovered the skull while cutting vegetation of a dyke. He said: "When I saw the police there I was a bit surprised. What with the police being down there all day and night is seemed pretty obvious there was something more down there." Locals said the area where the skull has been found is usually underwater but it had dried up in the hot weather. A woman living on a nearby farm told Grimsby Live: "The police were here at first light. It was about 4am. Someone found a human skull. It is a shock.  READ MORE ABOUT A WOMAN'S ANGER AT BEING ORDERED TO LEAVE HER HOME  "Everyone is asking questions about who it could be and how long they had been there. It is sad because it is someone's brother or sister or maybe a parent. "The bloke who found it said it has teeth but no one knows how long it has been there." Another resident said: "You don't expect anything like this happening next to you. We are all curious. "There are more investigators who arrived this morning and there is more activity at the scene."   DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon faces Olympians' wrath over SNP trans bid [REVEALED] Kate and Prince William praised for 'lovely gesture' at Ascot [LATEST] Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan and Harry [REPORT] They added: "The ditches are usually filled with water. But when it gets hot like today they can dry up."   Lincolnshire Police's spokesperson said detectives are keeping an open mind as to any lines of enquiry. There have been no arrests or charges. 