The Scottish Tory MSP lashed out at Nicola Sturgeon's plans to hold a "gimmick, fake referendum" on Scottish independence amid a row between Holyrood and Westminster over permission for Indyref2. The Scottish Conservative Chairman was clear on Sky News that in his view the SNP did not have the majority of Scots behind them on the issue of a second vote on Scottish independence. Mr Hoy was told by Sky News's Kay Burley: "Actually, there isn't anything you can do to stop [the SNP] holding a referendum. "It may not be legally binding, but if the people of Scotland as part of that referendum say that they want to break up the union, that's, that would be very difficult for the Prime Minister to ignore." He replied: "We're gonna get you into a very interesting territory here, if the SNP are proposing to hold some form of consultative or wild cat or illegal referendum it's quite clear that the Scottish people don't want another independence referendum next year. "Let's wait and see what the First Minister says this afternoon. JUST IN: Brexit Britain lauded for 'leading the way' on Ukraine crisis  "It's not for me to write her plan B, we don't want another independence referendum, we're on the side of the majority of Scots on that. So it's not down to the First Minister and the SNP to set out what it is, they're planning but some kind of gimmick fake referendum I think will bomb with the Scottish people." Ms Sturgeon has insisted Scots must be permitted to have "the democratic choice they have voted for" in a second vote on independence. The Scottish First Minister and SNP leader spoke out ahead of delivering a "route map" statement, setting out how she believes a referendum could be held if Westminster continues to block her plans. The 2014 referendum, which saw voters north of the border opt to stay in the UK by 55% to 45%, took place after then prime minister David Cameron agreed a section 30 order.  But since then Conservative prime ministers have flatly rejected any suggestion that there should be another vote. Ms Sturgeon however is insistent that the SNP's victory in the 2021 Holyrood elections gives her a mandate for another referendum, and has said she wants this to take place before the end of 2023. While her party failed to win overall control in the Scottish Parliament last year, the election of a record number of Scottish Green MSPs mean that there is a majority in Holyrood for a fresh vote on the issue. Her critics claim she is "obsessed" with holding a second referendum when the Scottish Government should be focused on matters such as tackling the cost-of-living crisis. DON'T MISS: Lib Dems call for fuel duty cuts despite policies to hike them [REPORT]By-election thrashings are a wake-up call for PM, says Ann Wills [OPINION]He's great!' Boris backed as he hints at running for a third mandate [REVEAL] Ms Sturgeon however said: "The people of Scotland have elected a Parliament committed to giving them a choice on independence, and so that democratic will must be respected." Speaking ahead of her statement to Holyrood, the First Minister added: "In Scotland, it is the people who are and have always been sovereign - and it is the people's will which must prevail. "That may be an inconvenient truth for our political opponents, but it is a simple and unavoidable truth nonetheless." She argued that continued attempts to "block that democratic will only weaken the UK Government's standing, here and internationally".