Johnny Depp was officially removed from the multi-billion dollar Disney franchise, Pirates of the Caribbean, back in 2018. The actor claimed he was let go from the series after an op-ed in the Washington Post was released by his ex-wife, Amber Heard. Since then, he and Heard went to court over a libel lawsuit, which Depp recently won. Now, after the actor's momentous win against Heard, all eyes have turned to Disney over whether Depp will be making a comeback. And things are beginning to look up for the star. A former Disney executive has recently revealed they "believe" Pirates of the Caribbean is "primed for rebooting with Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow". The new report follows word from the actor himself, who spoke out triumphantly after winning the defamation case. Depp said the win had "given him his life back," at the time.  He also said the "best is yet to come" for him. Now, the former Disney boss has revealed that the money that could be made on Depp's return could be enough to convince the company to bring the previously shunned star back. The former Disney executive said: "There is just too much potential box-office treasure for a beloved character deeply embedded in the Disney culture." (Via People) This news comes after Depp told courts he would "not" return to the series - even for "$300 million and a million alpacas". These comments follow Pirates of the Caribbean's producer, Jerry Bruckheimer, who previously said he "wasn't sure" what Depp's role would be in Pirates 6. READ MORE: Pirates of the Caribbean received unexpected help from The Goonies Bruckheimer announced in 2020: "The [film] we’re developing right now, we’re not sure quite what Johnny’s role is going to be. So, we’re going to have to see." But in recent months, he seemed to have changed his tune. Bruckheimer recently said of Depp's return: "The future is yet to be decided." He also announced the writing of a brand new spin-off Pirates of the Caribbean movie is on its way. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp gives fans huge Pirates of the Caribbean return hope [WATCH]Pirates of the Caribbean received unexpected help from The Goonies [INFO]Pirates 6: Producer on future of Johnny Depp Jack Sparrow franchise [INSIGHT] Bruckheimer revealed: "Yes. We are talking to Margot Robbie. We are developing two Pirates scripts – one with her, and one without." Margot Robbie announced she will be in the new movie last year in an interview. She also said she will be working under a familiar writer. Robbie will be playing a new character in a movie penned by Christina Hodson, who - most notably - wrote Birds of Prey. This momentous news also comes after the petition to bring Depp back into the series crossed a milestone. The Change.org campaign, "We want JOHNNY DEPP back as CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW", recently hit 870,000 signatures. In just under 200,000 signatures it will become one of the most-signed petitions on the campaign website. But with so many variables at play following Depp's trial, the odds of him returning may be getting slimmer by the day. The Pirates of the Caribbean films are available to stream on Disney Plus now. SOURCE