Juventus centre-back Matthijs de Ligt has hinted he could 'look further' than extending his contract after being asked about Erik ten Hag's project at Manchester United. Ten Hag is eyeing defensive reinforcements in his first transfer window at Old Trafford and would surely be interested in reuniting with De Ligt. De Ligt made 70 appearances under Ten Hag at Ajax and won the Dutch Eredivisie and KNVB Cup double in his only full season with the 52-year-old coach. The Netherlands international was a pivotal member of his young Ajax side that reached the 2018-19 Champions League semi-finals. His current Juventus deal expires in 2024, and he is engaged in ongoing discussions about his future at the club. Recently asked about potentially joining Ten Hag's United rebuild, the 22-year-old suggested that while he's currently focused on Juventus, he hasn't yet decided on his future. De Ligt told NOS: "I look at the sporting project. Ending fourth for two years in a row is not good enough; Juventus knows this too. So being Juventus, we have to take steps. I'm a Juventus player, so I'm focused on that." He added: "There are talks ongoing between Juventus and me. Once the right moment arrives, I will decide to extend or look further." JUST IN: Man Utd staff already have Erik ten Hag nickname After joining Juventus in a £67.5million deal in 2019, De Ligt has played 117 times and is one of Europe's most exciting young defenders. However, a switch to United is implausible before his Old Lady contract expires, considering suitors would have to trigger a £103million release clause. The release clause is expected to be lowered if De Ligt puts pen to paper on a new deal in Turin, potentially good news for Ten Hag. But there are other, more affordable targets on his radar as clubs gear up for the summer transfer window opening on June 10. READ MORE: Newcastle 'agree £40m deal' as French ace set to become first signing Ten Hag strongly admires Jurrien Timber, who, like De Ligt, flourished under his guidance at Ajax and would also bolster his right-back options. Pau Torres is also well-liked by United and was targeted last summer before Raphael Varane became available. The Red Devils are likely to strengthen in defence, but Ten Hag is understood to be prioritising a midfielder and striker to start his project in M16. Frenkie de Jong, another of his ex-Ajax aces, is a leading candidate to replace Paul Pogba amid Barcelona's financial woes. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.