Tory MPs will at 8pm tonight vote in a secret ballot on whether to replace Mr Johnson as party leader. At least 180 will need to vote against him in order to oust him from the top job. Tory rebels from across all wings of the party have been plotting for weeks against Mr Johnson. However, with dissatisfaction in his leadership coming from so many factions, there is no unity behind any one potential candidate to replace the incumbent. It means if a leadership contest is held in the weeks to come, a range of candidates are likely to put their names forward. Express.co.uk has been looking at the most likely contenders. READ MORE ON OUR BORIS JOHNSON LIVE BLOG The Chancellor of the Exchequer has been heavily tipped for months to be planning a run at the top job. His ambitions to become Prime Minister have barely been concealed. At one point he was seen as the favourite to replace Mr Johnson. However, with the country facing a cost of living crisis, putting in place the man who has overseen the Government's economic response might be a hard sell to the British public. He was the favourite to take the crown but revelations about his wife legally avoiding tax plus a Partygate fine appear to have ended his chances. The bookmakers' favourite, the social media savvy Foreign Secretary has been accused of laying her cards on the table since early in 2021. She became a favourite of the Tory grassroots as International Trade Secretary, signing huge swathes of post-Brexit trade deals in the role. Since taking on the foreign brief she has also continued to talk tough on standing up to the EU in the row over the Northern Ireland Protocol. That said, a Remainer in the 2016 referendum, some Brexiteer Conservative MPs still do not feel they can trust her. One to watch out for, the current trade minister is popular among her colleagues and made a splash on a reality TV show. A Brexiteer and a free-market Conservative, she appears to have many of the values the Tory faithful want in a leader. Her low profile and junior role also mean she is less tainted with being attached to Mr Johnson. That lack of profile could also be her downfall, however. She does have he cabinet experience necessary for the role as a former Defence Secretary and International Aid Secretary. The candidate at the last Conservative leadership election has been gearing up for a leadership run in recent weeks. He has been touring the television studios non-stop outlining exactly what he believes should be the priority for the Prime Minister - while repeatedly claiming not to be thinking about himself in charge. His weak stance on tackling the EU in Brexit negotiations in 2019 will likely hold him back. Many Red Wall Tory MPs also fear he will fail to connect with their constituents. The Home Secretary has been the darling of the right and is already understood to have a leadership team together in case the Prime Minister was forced out. She is though a loyalist and accused Boris Johnson's detractors of being "deluded" last week. She has strong Brexit credentials beginning her political career in Jimmy Goldsmith's Referendum Party which helped destroy the John Major Government in 1997. Patel was one of the Brexit spartans to hold out against Theresa May's deal in 2019. But her time at the Home Office has seen her lose some of her support on the right because of a failure to deal with the illegal Channel migrants crossings. The Education Secretary has already been described as the dark horse in a leadership contest but has strong backing already after his success as the Vaccines Minister. A close friend of Boris Johnson and Brexiteer his family fled Iraq when he was a child. However, from humble origins he became a millionaire as the founder of Yougov polling company. He would most likely campaign on a tax cutting ticket and could be a unity compromise candidate. The Health Secretary had a prevous run at the leadership in 2019 but lost out to Boris Johnson. Since resigning as Johnson's Chancellor he has made a successful comeback as Health Secretary steadying the ship after Matt Hancock's resignation for breaking covid rules. Could be a strong compromise candidate and is generally well respected in the party. Could the Levelling Up Secretary have a third go at the leadership? There is no doubt that he wants the job and has many fans on the Tory backbenches. Gove though has not been entirely trusted since knifing Boris Johnson in 2016 even though he is seen as one of the party's sharpest intellects in Parliament. Supporters say he would run as "the competency candidate" proving a safe pair of hands after the turmoil of Partygate. That said, revelations of drug taking torpedoed his bid in 2019. The Defence Secretary is consistantly the favourite in polls to be the next Prime Minister. He has had a strong performance in dealing with the war in Ukraine. But detractors say the former army officer has never done a job he finds difficult and has been in his comfort zone in the Ministry of Defence. Unlikely to make a bid himself, Wallace may end up being the King or Queen maker in a contest. A backbencher who has never held ministerial office, Tom Tugendhat has been open about planning to run in the next leadership vote. An army veteran and chair of the House of Commons foreign affairs select committee, he is respected across Parliament. But his lack of experience means he is unproven. It will take a convincing leadership campaign to persuade Tory MPs and members he has what it takes to be a leader. Brexit hardman Steve Baker has been a vocal critic of Mr Johnson's strategy on both Covid and the economy. He is in the process of setting up his new Conservative Way Forward group to help promote free-market policies. During the EU referendum he proved himself successful at whipping MPs to influence debates, a skill that would be incredibly helpful in planning for a leadership vote. But, he is also seen as divisive within the party and unlikely to be able to build a coalition of supporters.