The Money Saving Expert shared how he and his wife Lara Lewington would be “sucking in” every moment of the celebratory occasion after being asked to appear on the "National Treasure" bus today. The couple waved to spectators and audiences at home from the 2000s bus as part of the Queen's Jubilee Pageant this afternoon in London. On Twitter, Martin typed: “It's Jubilee day. Ridiculously I've been asked to go on a 'National Treasure'  bus. “So we're on our way, union flags in the bag ready to wave. “I’ve been placed on the 2000s bus. No idea why but Mrs MSE and I planning to suck in every moment,” he added. Martin joined Sir Cliff Richard, Gary Lineker, Dame Shirley Bassey and Idris Elba who were among the 150 celebrities in double-decker buses paying homage to the Queen's final day of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, marks Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in UK flag gown The colourful open-top buses marked the seven decades of Her Majesty's reign, with images and famous slogans from the time, including "Groovy" from the 1970s and "Girl Power" - brought into the mainstream by British pop icons The Spice Girls in the 1990s. The decade-by-decade celebrations saw actors, presenters, sports stars and singers, parade London from the top of the buses, while a fleet of more than 200 classic vehicles, including Del Boy's Robin Reliant and James Bond cars, also followed. Sam McKnight, who was Princess Diana's hairstylist from 1990 until her death in 1997, posted a picture alongside supermodels Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell and celebrity make-up guru Charlotte Tilbury captioned: 'Boarding the 90s bus in the Platinum Pageant.' While Gary Lineker tweeted a picture alongside Pudsey Bear saying it was a “career highlight”. Sir Cliff Richard appeared on a 1950s bus during the pageant this afternoon and said it is a “great time to show gratitude” to the 96-year-old monarch and British public. Speaking on Sky News, he said: “I think I'm looking forward and hoping to people waving and looking up at me. It's going to be difficult for people to pick out and find their various favourites. “The bus is full of people that I've grown up with as well and love watched, and played with. So it would be wonderful if a fan or two were to wave directly at me. “We're all ready to wave at all these people who have given us lives when you think about it. I sometimes wake up in the homes, I have two, and I sometimes think, 'How the heck did I get here?’ DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson reacts as EU flag flown amid Queen's Platinum Jubilee (PHOTOS)Hollyoaks' star Jorgie Porter goes topless for dip in swimming pool (NEWS)Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction (LATEST) “So we have to show our gratitude and it's a great time to show it, not only to the Queen but the massive public that supports all of us - actors, dancers, singers - everybody. “So I'm looking forward to being with fans and other people's fans as well.” Two bus preservation enthusiasts have described their delight at taking part in the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Richard Dixon, 63, and Ivan Fisher, 42, co-own one of the buses - the 1950s bus - with their friend John Stewart and it is taking part in the decorated open-top double-decker bus parade for the decade-by-decade celebration. Mr Dixon will be a ticket conductor on the 1950s bus while Mr Fisher will be driving the 2000s bus. Mr Fisher, who is a funeral director, said: “It took us nine hours to get here from Norwich as she's got a top speed of 32mph. “We came Thursday last week so that they could decorate them and put the wraps on them. It took nine men nine hours for each bus. “The gentleman who owns the 2000s bus was approached by the pageant committee and asked if he knew of anyone who could contribute a bus, and we jumped at the chance because it's a big privilege to be involved.” The Jubilee pageant is split into four acts: For Queen and Country with a military parade; The Time of Our Lives progressing through seven decades of culture, music and fashion; Let's Celebrate telling the story of the Queen's life in 12 chapters with corgi puppets and carnival creations; and the Happy and Glorious musical spectacle. 