Alexander Zverev has been told he could have prevented the severity of his freak French Open injury following his recent surgery. The world No 3 tore several ligaments in his ankle when he fell during his semi-final against Rafael Nadal but retired former world No 2 Tommy Haas has now told Zverev that he could have stopped the injury “ending so badly”. Zverev is currently rehabbing after undergoing surgery for tearing all lateral ligaments in his right ankle when he went down during his French Open semi-final and needed a wheelchair to leave the court. The 25-year-old could be heard crying out in pain in the distressing scenes and was taken off court before re-emerging on crutches to retire to Nadal. The world No 3 then returned to Germany to have surgery and has been forced to withdraw from his home tournament in Halle next week while remaining in doubt to play Wimbledon. His compatriot, former pro Tommy Haas, has now weighed in on the injury and claimed that it could have been less severe. The current tournament director of the Indian Wells Masters learned a lesson on preventing injuries after suffering a similar fate to Zverev at Wimbledon in 2005 and claimed that the 25-year-old wouldn’t have suffered as much if he played with taping on his foot. "Of course nobody can know whether a tape would have prevented the injury, but one can say with some probability that it would not have ended so badly," Haas told Eurosport Germany. JUST IN: Nadal's uncle believes Spaniard 'will be at Wimbledon' despite injury   The former world No 2 stepped on a tennis ball in his opening match against Janko Tipsarevic, also injuring his ligament, and has relied on tape ever since. "That was extremely unfortunate. It was the first time this happened to me in a match. But I had other torn ligaments, of a comparable magnitude to Sascha Zverev's now," he said. "I played taped. Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer have been doing that for many years anyway.” The 44-year-old also suggested that the Olympic champion use tape when he eventually returns from the injury, and said it was up to Zverev to put in the work to recover following the surgery. DON'T MISSRaducanu shares unusual treatment in huge push to be fit for WimbledonAndy Murray explains why he expects to improve at Wimbledon in warningFederer set to get Alcaraz wish as Spaniard outlines his intentions   He explained: "Alex would have to see to what extent he feels comfortable with a taped foot in the match. The doctors did their job during the operation, now it's up to Sascha and his team to build up the joint and ligaments step by step." And Haas warned his compatriot of the mental toll an injury comeback also took, adding: “Even if everything is restored, it takes time for you to regain security and trust.” 