Ex-BBC chief Greg Dyke's £35m transformation of the Victorian Bovisand fort was approved by South Hams District Council, but residents who live just yards away in small cottages are unimpressed. Cranes, trucks and lorries need to access the site, bringing all the required equipment, materials and workers along a narrow country lane - in some parts with just inches to spare from a drop into the sea - and residents aren't happy about it. Built in the 1860s as a defence against the threat posed by Napoleonic France, Fort Bovisand is one of the best surviving Palmerston forts. In recent years it became a commercial diver training centre and was at the centre of development plans for much of the 2000s, Plymouth Live reports. Planning consent was obtained for the development from South Hams District Council as far back as 2015. Mr Dyke, former BBC director general and Football Association chairman, who now owns the lease, previously said: "The project is immense, but preserving Fort Bovisand, which is one of the best surviving Palmerston Forts in existence, is important. "We acquired the site several years ago and as soon as I saw it and understood its history, I was determined it should be saved. It very quickly became clear that the best chance of saving and restoring the fort was by allowing sensitive development on parts of the site." However, residents who live in the small cottages at the end of the lane which runs off Staddon Lane, are less inclined to agree with Mr Dyke's sentiments, with one resident, Margaret Edwards, telling PlymouthLive: "It's a nightmare.  "They have very, very heavy machinery going back and forth all day on this tiny narrow lane, inches from the cliff edge, they've cut down all the gorse bushes surrounding the area, it's noise all day long. "We've all been contacting our local councillors and the Environment Agency, but no-one seems to be bothered. We have just seven small cottages here and only one is a holiday place. The others are where families live and have lived for years and years. And we're having to endure this nightmare so that 81 luxury flats can be built." The residents spoke out back in 2017, arguing at the time that the single track in front of their cottages, Bovisand Court, had no passing places and there was no space to provide for one. They also noted there was not enough car parking provision for the site. Another resident, 66-year-old Caroline Romer, said it was "not just our lives" that were being damaged by the development of the fort, but also the roads and local environment which was suffering. Caroline, who lives in one of the small former-coastguard cottages, told PlymouthLive the state of the cliff under the fort was now at risk and the multi-million pound luxury apartments were "completely incompatible" with the area.   She said: "The cliff beneath it [the development] is damaged and the people who have reinforced it have claimed it will last 40 years, but it's all the other parts around the fort which are now crumbling away. "It's an illogical project - it's making an enormous amount of money for the developers who will then cut and run. "There's a number of us who have lived in the coastguard cottages for years. The cliff beneath the narrow road is now damaged from all the huge lorries and trucks going back and forth over the last few months and we've been saying to each other that we're terrified for the people driving the lorries because we fear it will collapse into the water. "The whole site behind the fort is vertical and the area is such a fragile place, yet they're taking away tonnes and tonnes of earth. Caroline said the grade-II listed cottages have been rented out for many years by the owner, who is understood to have inherited them from his mother. She said: "It's been absolutely devastating for residents. We actually had a couple of days, thanks to the Jubilee, that they weren't working and it was heaven to have some peace like we used to. It's been so disruptive to everybody here.  "We've been kicking up a fuss for some time but the council just hasn't responded to our complaints. "Then there is the question of the cliff and the extremely narrow cliff-edge access road that is being used by huge heavy vehicles. How this project ever got through planning is a mystery to us here. "We've had enough of being walked over by the developers. Personally I will probably move away as the character of Bovisand is being eroded." South Hams District Council’s Deputy Leader and Executive Member for Development Management, Cllr Hilary Bastone, told PlymouthLive: "The redevelopment and regeneration of Fort Bovisand originally received permission in 2015. This was superseded by the current scheme (2821/17/FUL and 2822/17/LBC), which gained permission from the Council on 20/06/2018.  "The permission was ‘a revised application for the conversion of Bovisand Fort and associated buildings, removal of one building and construction of new towers and apartment building, 11 new dwellings, new quayside commercial accommodation and conversion of historic fabric creating a total of 81 residential units, office, teaching/studio space, event space, visitor centre and facilities, café and relation of MOD space and additional commercial space.’ "The planning permission and listed building consent has been subject to a number of small variations including one currently under consideration (0510/22/VAR). A detailed Construction Management Plan (CMP) was agreed and authorised by the council under application 2319/19/ARC; this document can be viewed on the council’s planning portal website and includes details of hours of construction work, vehicles movements to and from the site, parking arrangements and survey of the access road.  "Concerns were raised in August 2021 regarding an alleged breach of the CMP, namely development commencing before 8am and the size of the vehicles coming to site. This was investigated by the council and the developer provided assurances that they would comply with the approved CMP. "No further issues have been raised with the council until 27 May 2022, when concerns were raised that hedgerows had been removed without permission being sought from the Council – this is currently under investigation. "Given the concerns now raised, the council will investigate the vehicles accessing the site and whether this is breaching the CMP."  A spokesperson for Fort Bovisand Developments Limited said: "The development has had full planning approvals and was supported by the local parish council. Within these approvals, the developers are acutely aware that, as part of their drive to rejuvenate the fort and its associated buildings for the benefit of the local community, and the wider South Hams population, in doing so, the consideration they show to the neighbours needs to equal or even outweigh that which is being shown to the historical properties they are trying to sustain for future generations. "The developers completely understand that living next to a construction site has its challenges, especially one with a single road in and out, but nonetheless every effort is made to mitigate the scheme’s impact on the neighbours wherever possible. Some of these potential disturbances are regrettably unavoidable, however, the developers do, and continue to, whatever they can to minimise these effects. "It should not be overlooked that Bovisand Harbour is a huge positive for the area and the wider South Hams. "The developers are securing the future of a significant historic site with its iconic listed buildings by restoring the Fort from neglect and giving it a sustainable future. They have secured the cliff access road – benefitting not only the future fort residents, but also the local residents and visitors who use it 24/7, enhancing amenities such as the harbour and restaurant which will be accessible to the public, and, in due course towards the end of the development programme, improving the access road from the public highway." 