Chief dinosaur is Mick Lynch, the wellpaid head of the RMT union, whose members are due to strike this week. Lynch belongs to a bygone era. Not only is he out of touch with the majority of Britons, but his militant stance is utterly at odds with the notion of getting the country back up and running after the ghastly pandemic crisis. He postures as someone who represents the working classes but his calls for an all-out general strike show that he cares not one jot for already stretched households. Almost everyone is feeling the pinch and the truth is that many of his members already earn significantly more than nurses and teachers. His demands must be resisted; his wider aims must be exposed for what they are – an attempt to bring down the Government and cause as much chaos as possible. The belligerence of the RMT union must be met head-on. Compromise must be resisted. Britain is rightly proud of its armed forces. The Remembrance Day service at the Cenotaph is a poignant moment when we pay homage to those who have lost their lives in the service of the nation. But what about survivors of conflict who for one reason or another struggle to readjust to civilian life? They, too, need to be remembered and supported. So, we welcome the news that more than £1million has been allocated to helping veterans find employment and speeding up the process whereby they can secure much-needed mental health appointments. The money will be used to set up a website to give veterans advice and introduce them to government departments and charities that can help turn their lives around.  Writing exclusively in the Express, Steve Barclay, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, says he wants Britain to lead the way in supporting veterans and we share that sentiment. The announcement is timed to coincide with Armed Forces Day on Saturday, another chance to show our gratitude to military personnel who are prepared to put their bodies on the line and even pay the ultimate price. We all saw the delighted expression on the face of Her Majesty as the Red Arrows performed their fly-past during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. What we didn’t know is that in 2013 they put on a full display just for the sovereign near Sandringham because she had never experienced such a thing. Perhaps it’s time to repeat the exercise. No one deserves a special performance from the Red Arrows more than Her Majesty. 