The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) confirmed on Saturday that strikes at Network Rail and 13 train operators are due to go ahead on June 21, 23, and 25, as well as the London Underground on Tuesday. Leaving around a fifth of mainline train services running during that period, the strike will cause widespread disruption to passenger and freight services across England, Scotland and Wales. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said the union had no choice but to act after train operators appear to have remained stubborn in not offering any pay increases. Mr Lynch told Sky News’s Sophy Ridge: “We have to fight this because we haven't had any pay rises, we are faced with thousands of job cuts and they want to rip up our terms and conditions in a form of hire and re-hire that is internal to the railway. "If there is not a settlement we will continue our campaign. I think there are going to be many more unions balloting across the country because people can't take it anymore." A rail industry source told the i newspaper that continued disruption is due to Government ministers refusing to give train companies the power to discuss pay.  READ MORE: Grant Shapps condemns train strikes as 'big mistake'  The source said: “We are in talks with the RMT. But I can understand the union getting frustrated because all we are allowed to talk about is the overall boundaries. “None of the [Train Operating Companies] have been given a clear mandate to negotiate detailed pay rates. “If we get the right reforms to weekend working practices we want, and the union engage on staffing levels, I reckon we could hammer out a deal on pay. “Without a mandate from Government, we can’t even address the pay question.”  Shadow communities secretary Lisa Nandy said that only the Government could now resolve the dispute and prevent the strikes from going ahead. Ms Nandy said: "We know what it means when the railways grind to a halt, but that's why the Government has got to get around the table with the cleaners and the ticket office staff and the station workers to resolve this because they're the only people who can.  "During the pandemic, they took the right to negotiate back from train operating companies, so they're the only people who can resolve this and yet they're not prepared to. "The biggest problem that this country has is not militant workers, it's a militant Government." The railways had been operating under a “franchise” model since its privatisation in the nineties, which allowed rail firms to individually set detailed pay awards and working terms and conditions. However, since the Covid-induced reduction in train use and passenger numbers, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps replaced the model with a system that gives the State increased control over the railways by paying a flat fee to firms to keep services running. This increased control presents a more confusing landscape for pay disputes, as many would argue it’s now in the hands of the Government to provide room for manoeuvre.   DON'T MISS:Elderly passengers ignored! Plan to close all train ticket offices [INSIGHT]Train strike: Full guide to as rail unions grind Britain to halt [ANALYSIS]Train strike dates: When you could face delays [EXPLAINED]    Mr Shapps told the BBC the union talks last week were an “11th-hour stunt”, and negotiations aren’t for the Government to intervene in. He said negotiations had to take place between unions and employers rather than ministers. Mr Shapps said: “In any pay discussion, in any negotiation over terms, over in this case modernisation, it's always the employer and the union who need to get together to speak." Mr Shapps insisted Train Operating Companies (TOCS) have the authority to carry out the talks.  However, speaking to BBC Radio 4, Mr Lynch claimed rail operators were refusing to engage in discussion and that Network Rail, which is Government-owned, is being influenced by Government ministers. Mr Lynch said: "It's [Grant] Shapps, [Boris] Johnson and Rishi Sunak who are stopping a deal being done in this dispute." But Network Rail - whose workers are also due to strike - said the RMT had dismissed talks before they had finished. Chair of the Rail Delivery Group of operators Steve Montgomery said it was clear the industry could not keep asking the taxpayer to fund it. He said: "Instead of striking, we need the RMT leadership to work with us to secure a deal that is fair to our staff, fair to our passengers and fair to taxpayers." 