Mick Jagger, 78, took to Instagram on Monday to tell his fans that his band, the Rolling Stones, have been forced to postpone their upcoming gigs, after Mick tested positive for Covid. The Rolling Stones frontman posted a heartfelt update to his fans today, thanking them for their support as well as announcing new tour dates. Mick posted an update to Instagram early this evening in view of his 2.5 million followers. It read: "Thank you all so much for your well wishes and messages the last few days. "I'm feeling much better and can't wait to get back on stage next week! "The Amsterdam date has been rescheduled for July 7 and we'll have news of the new Bern date ASAP. See you soon! Mick." READ MORE: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot Many social media users took to the comments to share their excitement over the good news and the singer's health update. Camontgomery1 said: "I knew you would snap back! You're a Rolling Stone!!" Missalicewar added: "We just want you healthy Mick. Take your time!!" Itschildofthemoon commented: "This is such an amazing thing to hear Mick. I'm glad you're feeling better!!" This comes after the Rolling Stones announced on their social media platforms on Monday the cancellation of some of their upcoming shows. He wrote: "The Rolling Stones have been forced to call off tonight’s concert in Amsterdam at the Johan Cruijff Arena, following Mick Jagger testing positive after experiencing symptoms of Covid upon arrival at the stadium. "The Rolling Stones are deeply sorry for tonight's postponement, but the safety of the audience, fellow musicians and the touring crew has to take priority. "The show will be rescheduled for a later date. Tickets for tonight's show will be honoured for the rescheduled date. Standby for details." DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Dame Deborah James looks radiant at Royal Ascot [PICS] Our Yorkshire Farm's Clive Owen, 67, sparks concern after Amanda split [CONCERN] Similarly, Mick wrote on his platforms: "I'm so sorry that we've had to postpone the Amsterdam show with such short notice tonight. "I have unfortunately just tested positive for COVID. "We aim to reschedule the date ASAP and get back as soon as we can. Thank you all for your patience and understanding. Mick." Mick's son Lucas took to the post's comments to voice his concern over his father's Covid diagnosis. He simply wrote "dadda" alongside a crying face emoji. Lucas' mum Luciana Gimenex replied: "He will be OK, my darling. We are here for him." The Rolling Stones were due to perform in Bern, Switzerland, on Friday, June 17, Milan, Italy, on Tuesday June 21, and in Hyde Park in London on Saturday, June 25. Joining Mick on stage include his bandmates Keith Richards, 78, Ronnie Wood, 75, and Steve Jordan, 65, on drums.