Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta may be tempted to revert back to his attacking hit list amid claims that Everton are set to commence the bidding for Dominic Calvert-Lewin at £85million. Thankfully, the Gunners have spent months mulling over a group of targets, many of whom could arrive in north London for a much more palatable price than the Toffees frontman. Express Sport looks at four contenders... A curious career path has seen the Italian sent on loan to the Netherlands and Serie B while on the books of Sassuolo. One season in their first team saw him bag 16 Serie A goals, alerting Inter Milan, and Arsenal may wish to firm up their interest before the Nerazzurri get there first. Thankfully for the Gunners, Inter may be more concerned with thrashing out a loan deal to bring Romelu Lukaku back to the San Siro. At £33million Scamacca would be a whole lot cheaper than Calvert-Lewin, and at 6ft 5in he may be able to provide just as much aerial threat. JUST IN: Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni sends Ivan Perisic three-word message after transfer With just one year remaining on his Manchester City contract, there is no way that Pep Guardiola and co could ask for a price tag anywhere near that associated with Calvert-Lewin. That could open the door for Arteta to bag himself a bargain, thought to be around £40m, and the Spaniard knows Jesus well from his time at the Etihad. Versatility is valued by Arteta, and Jesus is equally happy to play up top or on the wing. Last campaign he notched eight goals and eight assists, and Arsenal are expected to offer him an exit route to more regular football this summer. READ MORETottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalitiesTottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Tottenham star Harry Kane 'open to new contract' if Antonio Conte condition met Having shown his quality in glimpses at Southampton this season, Broja is held by many as a name to watch out for over the coming years. Chelsea clearly know as much, pinning a hefty £58m price tag on his head to warn off potential suitors. Arsenal are thought to be among them after watching the 20-year-old bag six Premier League goals on the south coast last season, but Broja may wish to give it another shot at his parent club before making any hasty decisions. Thomas Tuchel is set to give a handful of youngsters an extended chance to impress during their pre-season campaign, and the Albanian international may state his case to be given more responsibility at Stamford Bridge. Having been the subject of transfer speculation for several windows, this summer may be the time David finally gets his move. Lille finished in mid-table last campaign so may not have much leverage if they try to put up a fight, and Arsenal are reportedly long-term admirers of the Canadian international. It would supposedly cost the Gunners £45m to pull off a summer swoop, making him one of the cheaper options on their hit list. David hit 15 Ligue 1 goals last season, and at 22-years-old, nobody younger scored more.