Dietitian Katherine Zeratsky recommends certain herbs that may help to ease water retention, such as dandelion, ginger, parsley, hawthorn and juniper. "In theory, natural diuretics may help relieve fluid retention by making you urinate more." Zeratsky added that there is "little evidence" scientific research proves that these herbs have diuretic effects. So, for some people, the addition of these herbs may not work in the way intended. "Whether you're hoping to lose water weight as part of a weight-loss goal or you're concerned about water retention related to menstruation, focus on eating a healthier diet," said Zeratsky. Dietary adjustments include reducing salt in your diet and getting plenty of exercise. "Always let your doctor know about any dietary or herbal supplements you're considering taking," Zeratsky advised. Doctor Minesh Khatri explained water retention causes "puffiness and swelling", which can be triggered by a multiple of factors. READ MORE: Dementia: Scientists identify vitamin deficiency that may cause decline - millions at risk  For instance, an excess of sodium in the body can lead to water retention, which people can ingest by eating: Doctor Khatri's advice? "Check the sodium levels of food and drinks before you buy them." Eating potassium-rich foods, such as bananas and spinach, may also help lower sodium levels in the body. Leading a sedentary lifestyle could even lead to swollen legs and ankles, as the tissues hold onto water. Women might expect water retention in the days leading up to their menstrual period. Doctor Khatri reassured that feeling bloating or puffy in the days leading up to a period is "normal". The bloat should settle within a few days of bleeding, but also take note that birth control or hormone replacement therapy (HRT) can also cause you to hold onto water. Other medications could also lead to water retention, such as antidepressants, ibuprofen and chemotherapy medication. In some instances, water retention could be a warning sign of a more sinister underlying health condition. A weak heart, for example, will do an inefficient job of pumping blood around the body. Consequently, this could lead somebody to retain water, causing visible swelling in the legs and abdomen. Indications of heart failure might include: Swelling in the lower limbs, for example, might be a sign that valves inside your veins don't work the way they should. Other symptoms might include: aching legs, enlarged veins, changes in skin colour, rashes and ulcers. Swelling could possibly indicate kidney disease, cancer, or lymphedema. Bloating that comes and goes is usually not serious, it's when the swelling is persistent, it's worth getting it checked over by a medical professional.