Yi Chen, 37, and little Duan Duan were killed at around 1.30pm on Tuesday at the address in Barnet, north London. Emergency services dashed to the scene but both victims were pronounced dead at the scene. Family gathered outside the house today to pay tributes to Yi and Duan Duan, describing the boy as "cheeky" and "full of character". Several toys, including cars and Harry Potter toys, were left by the home alongside placards with emotional messages. "There is no evil and suffering in heaven! Rest in peace! Thanks for the happiness, you will be remembered," one message reads. According to My London, one family friend is quoted as saying: "She was perfect... She stayed inside a lot of the time, but when I did see her, she was outside having fun with her children. Her youngest son was Duan Duan. He was a cheeky little boy but full of character, even at the young age he was when they lived here." Photographs of the tragic mum have now emerged, Mail Online reports. One neighbour called the deaths "the worst thing that’s happened in the area," which is a quiet leafy suburb near the wealthy Southgate neighbourhood. Maxwell Sol, 56, said: "They never looked sad. The child had so much time to live and the mum was only young as well. The whole area seems in a low mood. "It’s probably the worst thing that’s happened in the area ever. I can’t remember anything worse. "I didn’t know the family personally but I would see them when I walked to the shop and stuff. They were always smiling as you would imagine a family would. "The child, he was often with his mum." A 37-year-old man, believed to have been known to Yi Chen and her son, has been arrested in connection with the deaths.    One man, who lived opposite the family, said the tragedies have unsettled him. Glen Hastings, 55, said: "It will be hard not to think about it when I walk my dog. Five years old. Horrible. "You never know whats going through people's heads. It will just be back to normal when the crime scene is gone but those of us that live round here will know what happened in that house." One 39-year-old woman, who asked to b known only as Becky, said: "Oh my God, it’s just shocking, it really is... I knew the family, nice, quiet Chinese family, from China. I’m bad with names. I’m a mother of two girls, similar age [to the child victim], they have never played but they have met them before. I have cried so much, earlier in particular when I heard that a child was involved, that was devastating.” Chief superintendent Sara Leach, policing commander for the North West including Barnet, said: "The whole community will be shocked and saddened to hear of this terrible incident. Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the woman and child who have died and also with the officers and paramedics who were first to arrive at what was an incredibly challenging scene. "Specialist detectives are working to establish what took place and a man is in custody. While they are keeping an open mind as to what has taken place, I would like to reassure residents in the local area that there is nothing to indicate, at this stage, that anyone else was involved in this incident. "I would urge anyone who saw or heard anything unusual earlier today, or in recent days, to come forward and speak to the police. Your information could be vital as the investigation moves forward." 