The British Soap Awards 2022 has begun with the most recognisable stars of the small screen taking to the red carpet before the host, Phillip Schofield announces the winners later this evening. The top fashion themes of the night was old Hollywood glamour with chiffon and satin making an appearance, alongside some opting for classic princess-vibes with lots of ruffles and netting to add volume to skirts. Several stars opted for semi-risque or cut-out dresses and outfits with two actresses wearing the same catsuit. Satin was a big fabric of choice, with many opting for regal reds and blues. Strictly Come Dancing's It Takes Two presenter, Janette Manrara posed with her husband Aljaz Skorjanec in a beautiful red satin gown. Many actresses also chose off-the-shoulder, bandeau or strapless dresses with full A-line skirts. EastEnders’ Shona McGarty looked a princess in her gorgeous champagne-coloured dress. She also wore a statement ear cuff which featured several large pearls suspended from chains. READ MORE: Kate Middleton rewears clothes to show she'll 'make a good Queen'  Hollyoaks’ Bethannie Hare's dress featured a bodice bralet, and full ruffled skirt and a slit, in a deep red. Reality star Billie Faiers also appeared in a pastel pink dress with a three-tier skirt. Paige Sandhu also made a dramatic moment when she flung the chiffon sleeves of her dress into the air. Her dress was in a beautiful mint and was adorned with crystals and feathers around the skirt. DON'T MISS...Princess Charlotte's 'just like Kate' with her subtle corrections [BODY LANGUAGE]Fridge or cupboard? Correct place to store ketchup to get 'best taste' [EXPERT]Make towel ‘stains fade away’ without a washing machine [EXCLUSIVE] Coronation Street's Sally Carman wowed in a black sparkly lace cat-suit which featured padded shoulders and flared trousers. EastEnders Danielle Harding seemingly wore the same cat-suit, albeit with different accessories - she had chosen a thick corset belt and a black clutch bag. Hollyoaks’ Nikki Sanderson chose two-part dress; a black skirt and a black and white lace oversized shoulder top with a deep-V neckline. Fellow co-stars Chelsee Healey and Jennifer Metcalfe posed for photographs together. Chelsee wore a black dress which featured a cut-out bra with applique, and long black satin gloves. Jennifer chose a black PVC dress, with a thigh-slit. EastEnders’ and former Strictly finalists Emma Barton chose a white dress. Hollyoaks’ and mum-to-be Georgie Porter picked out a white dress with a draping off-the-shoulder and sweeping silhouette to showcase her figure.