Ajax winger Antony and Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong have been labelled 'definite' arrivals at Manchester United this summer. Erik ten Hag is eyeing two of his former Ajax players to bolster problem positions in his first transfer window as manager. United have entered formal talks over De Jong, who could potentially be the first signing of Ten Hag's rebuild at Old Trafford if a deal is agreed next week. And other reports claim the Red Devils have lodged a £40million bid for Antony after his representatives travelled to Europe to negotiate a transfer. Both players are seemingly edging closer to reunions with Ten Hag based on talkSPORT football correspondent Alex Crook's latest comments. Crook has claimed United have refused to deny their interest in Antony, leading him to suggest the Brazilian and De Jong look like 'definite' summer signings. On a Monday broadcast, he said: "Speaking to you during the break, we were talking about possible transfer stories, and I said I think United are definitely in for Antony - you said 'good player'. His numbers for much of the season were decent. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag schedules Harry Maguire Man Utd captain talks "I think he missed the end of the campaign injury, but he's obviously someone who Erik ten Hag knows well. There's been talk of a £40m bid going in for him. Certainly, my sources at United haven't distanced themselves from those rumours, so I think Antony is a target. "In fact, I've had a text from somebody else to say if he doesn't become a Manchester United player, 'I would be surprised'. I think at the moment, he and Frenkie de Jong look like two definite arrivals at Manchester United and two players who Ten Hag clearly trusts and believes he can get the best out of." READ MORE: Liverpool find 'solution' in Nunez deal as Benfica clause agreed Antony, 22, could be an attacking alternative to Darwin Nunez ahead of his imminent £85m move to Liverpool. Meanwhile, De Jong is understood to be Ten Hag's priority target, with Barcelona's financial woes making them open to offers for the 25-year-old. United are light in midfield after Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba and Juan Mata's free exits this summer. And Ten Hag has inherited a squad without a left-footed first-team winger, so aiming to lure both Antony and De Jong to Old Trafford in the early stages of the transfer window makes sense.