Roman Kemp, 29, has made a name for himself as a presenter, being the face of the national radio network, Capital FM. However he has admitted exclusively to Express.co.uk that this does not stop him taking advice from his famous parents Martin Kemp and Shirlie Holliman. Roman has made quite a name for himself away from his parents - Spandau Ballet star Martin and Wham! singer Shirlie. He has presented his own breakfast show on Capital FM since 2017 and even came third on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! in 2019. Express.co.uk asked Roman how he felt about presenting at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee concert earlier this month. He said: "My parents are so up on me in terms of never looking towards what the next thing is in terms of never looking and saying 'Oh well if I do that I can get that'. READ MORE: Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak "Instead enjoy what you're doing in that moment and realise what a privilege it is that you're doing it! "I think that's what I am going to do. "I'm going to enjoy every single moment of that weekend and being part of that moment in history is something I'm very grateful for." And Roman did enjoy every moment as he presented the BBC's coverage of the memorable event. He sported a beige suit, with a patterned shirt underneath, as he spoke to the millions of watchers. Roman took to Instagram to share snaps of himself at the concert in view of his 1.4 million followers. He captioned the post: "Proud to have been part of a spectacular and historic event yesterday for HM." Shirlie, Roman's mum, could not contain how "proud" she was of her son as she took to the comments to gush over his skills. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [PICS] 'Ain't dead yet!' Deborah James was given 'days to live' a month ago [COMMENT] Lorraine Kelly hits out at Boris Johnson after snub [OPINION] She said: "Sooo proud of you for being at such a historic event #queenelizabeth11 #jubilee." Roman is an ambassador for The National Lottery, which has granted £22million of its funds to community-led organisations in the last six months, giving them a chance of celebrating the Queen's Jubilee in style. Roman visited the charity Age Well East with the National Lottery in recent days. He attended to see first hand how the charity was using the money to enjoy the pivotal week celebration. "It was such a lovely afternoon heading over to Age Well East," he said. "These people have been given a social life again. It ties into everything I have stood for so far in terms of mental health about keeping conversations going and making sure coming out of the pandemic that we're able to express ourselves. "It was great being able to meet some of the women there, who tried teaching me how to knit but sadly, my knitting career lasted about 7 seconds." Roman has been taking part in Celebrity Gogglebox with his father Martin, but in this upcoming series his mother Shirlie will also hit the sofa with them too. You can watch Roman on Gogglebox on Channel 4 at 9pm