But then we worried about her. Would the prizes and plaudits derail her? We agonised over the glamorous sponsorship deals. Would the glitz get to her? Might she be subsumed into the world of commerce and be so ensnared by filthy lucre that she forgot to practise her backhand? Had the golden girl shone too brightly too soon? Comfort, however, is in sight. Emma’s childhood coach, Jane O’Donoghue of the Lawn Tennis Association, is taking a break from her banking career to be her guiding star. Described as an “invisible mentor”, O’Donoghue has been guiding Emma’s development since the star was 13. Jane’s a Wimbledon veteran, losing to Venus Williams on Centre Court in 2002. She’s bright, understated and 100 per cent Team Emma. Thank heavens! Poor Emma has been injury-prone, and has struggled in the glare of the world’s gaze to recover her US Open form. She needs security, an anchor and a firm but fair force to pilot her back to dazzling delivery. Just imagine a similar scenario. The chips are down. You are facing the most pressured challenges of an already pressurised life and into the picture strolls your first kindergarten teacher. Let’s call her Miss Evans. She is wearing the same pink cardigan and sensible skirt she favoured when you were a frightened infant. She smells of lavender and her handbag brims with plasticine, plasters and stickers. She smiles. Suddenly you’re knee-high to a grasshopper and all is right with the world. Miss Evans knew you way back when and is not bothered by fame, fortune or great expectations. She remembers the real you, before anyone but your parents gave a damn. She represents constancy, unflappable calm and excellent advice. I don’t know if Ms O’Donoghue is quite that person, but I can’t help believing she’ll do the trick for Emma. Of course, the whole shebang might have gone thoroughly and dramatically wrong, but I sincerely hope not, and fervently believe in the power of such mentors.  How profoundly Bono’s behaviour confirms the biblical assertion that “the sins of the fathers are visited upon the children”. Ravaged by guilt, and tortured that he had not treated his late father with sufficient tenderness, Bono sank to his knees in a French church to pray for forgiveness. It turns out the star’s dad had an affair with a close family friend who bore him a child, unbeknown to Bono’s mother. Poor Bono wrestled with the knowledge and bore the weight of the secret. When he confronted his father he made no attempt to explain or apologise. Bono’s father errs. Bono prays for pardon. Exodus and Deuteronomy are spot on. Accountants have been voted the best kissers, apparently knocking spots off doctors, jugglers and even geography teachers. But of course bean counters are superior snoggers. Stigmatised as boring, they are firstly grateful to be lip-locking at all, and secondly, determined to make the tongue-twisting so supersonic that any tedium is erased. Snog a rock star – surprisingly, I’ve snared a couple – and the result is tepid, underwhelming and with the arrogant suggestion that you’re the one required to inject sparks. Snog an accountant, and you can expect 100 volts of seismic sensation. Happy big birthday tomorrow to my beloved other half, Ben. They said it wouldn’t last but 16 years later we have proved them wrong. They said we had nothing in common. They were right, but maybe having different perspectives on everything from breakfast to the big stuff is no bad thing. They called him “toy boy”. He laughed it off while I loathed it. Ben, above, still has the temerity to be 10 years younger than me and he sure as heck doesn’t look – or behave – like the big five-0! I sometimes joke that I’ll have to trade him in for a younger model, but in truth I wouldn’t swap him for the world. A happy healthy birthday, my darling Ben, here’s to the next 50, with fun, frolics and love. If you’re not sure what I’m banging on about you can always head to @bigbenofoedu on Instagram and check him out. John Lewis will be offering Botox and fillers at flagship stores, in conjunction with a cosmetic clinic. The company says this service will be provided in response to “customer demand”. How perplexing! You wouldn’t walk into a fast-food restaurant and demand a massage, or stroll through a garage forecourt asking for a pedicure. Why on earth would department store clientele en route to purchase socks or tumble dryers demand cheek implants and forehead freezing? I know the customer is king but isn’t indulging every whim a little extreme? I’m reaching too far, perhaps, but what if John Lewis regulars buoyed by Botox start demanding other in-store services, such as naked massages? Sheffield Hallam University has suspended its English Literature degree course, in a purge of so-called “low value” degrees. I read English literature and should bewail this. I loved rocking and rolling through Chaucer’s Parlement Of Foules. Present me with a piece of prose and after years of “practical criticism” I can deconstruct the hell out of it. Writing about novels you loathe is character-building. Learning about Greek tragedies propelled by the fall of a man from great estate prepares you for life’s vicissitudes. But would I have achieved more or less had I gone straight from school to work as a tea girl on a magazine? Frankly, I’ve forgotten almost everything except for a couple of quotations. That said, I abhor linking studies directly to earnings and don’t mind if folk read Tennyson just because they want to – “low value” or otherwise.