Although the Royal Family doesn’t have a home in North Wales, Prince William and Kate Middleton lived on the Isle of Anglesey, or Ynys Môn, from 2010 to 2013. This was due to William working as a search and rescue pilot with the Royal Air Force (RAF), whose north Welsh base is located just outside the tiny village of Y Fali, on Anglesey’s west coast. The couple lived just a few minutes’ drive from the air force, in a property that is understood to be Prince George’s first home. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge lived on Anglesey until 2013, leaving just a few weeks after Prince George was born in July 2013. The couple were not engaged yet when William was stationed on the Welsh island in 2010, but Kate joined her boyfriend at the time and they shared a house. The property where they lived is a beautiful, white-stoned farmhouse just outside the village of Bodorgan. An incredibly rural place, Kate was able to go about her daily routine on Anglesey without much media attention. READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors She was seen in the village of Llangefni, buying dog food at the local pet store, and in Menai Bridge, doing the weekly grocery shop at the only Waitrose on Anglesey. Speaking at the time of his and Kate’s experience on Anglesey, Prince William said: “This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both. Catherine and I look forward to returning again and again over the coming years with our family. “I know that I speak for Catherine when I say that I have never in my life known somewhere as beautiful and as welcoming as Anglesey.” However, almost a decade later while visiting a children’s centre in Cardiff in 2020, Kate confessed to feeling lonely while living in Bodorgan. DON'T MISS: How to kill greenfly - act now before your plants see 'weak growth' [EXPLAINED]How to make your plants ‘thrive’ using ‘common household products’ [INSIGHT]Weeding tips: ‘Fast and effective way’ to kill ‘stubborn’ weeds [ANALYSIS] She said: “I was chatting to some of the mums, I had just had George and William was still working with search and rescue, so we came up here when George was a tiny, tiny little baby, in the middle of Anglesey. “It was so isolated, so cut off, I didn't have my family around me, he was doing night shifts, so if only I'd had a centre like this at a certain time.” But what is the Bodorgan property like? Named Bodorgan Hall, the home is a four-bedroom farmhouse with a traditionally Welsh slate roof and multiple large windows. It has a beautiful view of the nearby Newborough Forest, Llanddwyn Island, and the mountains of Snowdonia. It is possible to walk through Newborough Forest to Llanddwyn beach from the property, before trekking along the beach to Llanddwyn Island, which was the home of Dwynwen, the Welsh saint of love. Bodorgan Hall is the largest estate on Anglesey and is owned by Sir George Meyrick and his wife, Lady Jean Tapps Gervis Meyrick, who is the niece of the Duke of Buccleuch. The property is listed as an Area of Outstanding Beauty and Environmentally Sensitive Area, mainly because of its surrounding woodland and beach. It also has a circular dovecote, barn, big gardens, a lawn, and a deer park. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The house was completed between 1779 and 1782, and significant additions were made to it in the mid-nineteenth century. Kate and William paid only £750 a month in rent to Sir George Meyrick while they lived in his property. Inside, the house has two bathrooms, a living room, a dining room, and a kitchen, as well as four bedrooms. The dining room is pastel-coloured and boasts French doors, ornate light fixtures, a huge oak table, plenty of chairs, a fireplace, and a picturesque view of the nearby beach and Irish Sea. The Cambridges returned to Bodorgan Hall after they got married in 2011, and again following Prince George’s birth. Carole Middleton stayed with the couple to help look after the baby, and the Queen’s former housekeeper Antonella Fresolone travelled to the island to cook for them, according to reports at the time.