Max Thieriot is best known for his five-season role as Clay Spenser in the CBS and, now, Paramount+, action drama. SEAL Team is officially coming back for a sixth season later this year, but fans are now concerned over Max’s future with the series after signing on to upcoming first responder drama, Fire Country. Fire Country has officially been ordered for a full series after CBS was impressed by the SEAL Team star-led pilot. Thankfully, sources have been assured his upcoming TV gig won’t be affecting Max’s current main role in the Paramount series. After Bravo Team’s ambush at the end of SEAL Team’s fifth season, fans were left concerned Clay could succumb to injuries and have to say his goodbyes. However, TVLine’s Matt Webb Mitovich has confirmed: “I am re-re-assured that Thieriot is, in fact, able to do both shows, and as such remains a series regular on SEAL Team.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson Fire Country was ordered to full series in May last year after Max starred in the first pilot episode. He’ll be joined by Twilight Saga star Billy Burke, Lucifer’s Kevin Alejandro and TV regular Diane Farr of Numb3rs and Splitting Up Together fame. It was initially speculated Max would be dropping out of his SEAL Team duties to focus on the new drama, which is loosely based on his experience growing up in North California. The official synopsis reads: “A young convict joins a firefighting program looking for redemption and a shortened prison sentence.” “He and other inmates work alongside elite firefighters to extinguish massive blazes across the region.” Despite his personal connection to the new series, it has now been confirmed his SEAL Team role will remain unchanged, for now. Max himself has recently hyped the upcoming release of Fire Country in an exciting Instagram post. “Wow!!!! I’m stunned, excited, humbled and proud but more than anything I’m thankful!” he exclaimed. DON'T MISS:Law and Order’s Anthony Anderson’s replacement confirmed [LATEST]Stranger Things plot hole: Creators admit major Will mistake [BLUNDER]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly tried to axe Beth’s wedding dress [INSIGHT] “So thankful for all the people in my life! The incredible team behind this show and the amazing actors who poured their hearts into it. “Y’all pushed me, supported me, listened to my crazy ideas and loved me through it all. I can’t wait for y’all to see “Fire Country”! Let’s gooooo!!!!” A number of his SEAL Team cast mates also took to the comments to celebrate their co-star’s new role. David Boreanaz said: “Great work! From a SEAL TO Fighting fires! BACK!” And Neil Brown Jr wrote: “My guy!!!!! [fire emojis] for real! So proud!” While The Walking Dead’s Jeffrey Dean Morgan commented: “Huge congrats Max!!” (sic) SEAL Team will officially return for season six soon, and the cast will also be coming back for a feature-length film for Paramount+. SEAL Team season 6 will premiere on Paramount+ in the USA later this year. Season 5 continues Wednesdays on Sky Max and NOW in the UK.