Dean Henderson is facing a major problem at Manchester United where a prospective transfer to Newcastle looks set to be canned. The goalkeeper is desperate to play Premier League football after a year on the sidelines at Old Trafford. Newcastle have reportedly cooled their interest in Henderson this summer and have eyed a new target to leave the United ace worried over his options. The goalkeeper is one of several players looking to leave Old Trafford in the transfer window. The Red Devils are expecting a number of departures including Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard - who have seen their contracts expire this month. Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Eric Bailly have also been tipped to leave this summer. Another looking for a way out is Henderson, who has been marginalised since returning to the club on loan from Sheffield United two years ago. At the time, the keeper was hyped up as one of the best youth products and could take over Jordan Pickford's duties for England. That has simply failed to transpire and Henderson is starting to get desperate after dropping out of contention for club and country. With the World Cup coming up, a move away is desired to put late pressure on Gareth Southgate to choose him ahead of the Qatari competition this winter. One transfer that almost seemed inevitable was Henderson to Newcastle this summer as the Magpies look to take advantage of their major cash windfall from their new owners. Eddie Howe is keen on a goalkeeper and the United star looked the obvious solution. However, according to talkSPORT, the Magpies have decided to look elsewhere and cool their interest in the 25-year-old. Instead, Borussia Monchengladbach keeper Yann Sommer is being eyed as a potential alternative. That would come as a major shock to Henderson, who might have to get his agent working overtime to find a new club this summer. There have been reports that United have whacked on a £40million price tag. If the Red Devils were hoping to land that total, they might be waiting a long time with no club likely to meet that valuation for a player that did not make a single Premier League appearance last season. In fact, Henderson's campaign was so miserable he made just three appearances all season - including one Champions League match where he was hauled off with 20 minutes to go. It comes after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, since sacked, told the goalie that he would be very much in his plans over the course of the year.