Emmerdale fans were overcome with emotion after watching the beloved Marlon Dingle (played by Mark Charnock) suffer a major stroke in March. With the character on the road to recovery, the ITV star opened up about his apprehension about the storyline would be received by viewers.  During the heart-wrenching episode, Marlon was walking home to pick up Rhona Goskirk's (Zoë Henry) engagement ring when his health went on a downward spiral. As the scene played in slow motion, he realised he was having a stroke, after looking in the mirror, while struggling to grasp for air. Fans watched in shock as his vision blurred, and his mouth dropped to one side just before he collapsed to the ground. While he tried to stay awake, viewers could hear the character’s inner dialogue as he spoke to himself and tried to recall the life-saving acronym created by the Stroke Association: “Face, Arm, Speech, Time.” READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford Thankfully, Marlon’s daughter April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan) soon arrived and called an ambulance which rushed him to the hospital. After his arrival, doctors were able to confirm he had suffered a stroke and would need surgery to remove a clot in his brain. As the harrowing episode left viewers heartbroken and in shock, the actor Mark Charnock was also going through a whirlwind of emotions. During an interview on The Morning, the 53-year-old revealed he was nervous about Marlon’s stroke storyline.  Charnock admitted: “I was really nervous about the reaction because as we keep saying in all the interviews, no strokes are the same. “So I was worried about the online response, but it's been remarkable actually. "Even if Marlon's stroke wasn't like the stroke they had witnessed or experienced themselves, they've empathised with it.” He continued: "What has been the most amazing aspect of it, for me, it seems to have raised awareness to the point a sub-community has gathered online, sharing their stories of stroke with each other. That's heartening.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry reacts as husband Jeff Hordley 'accosted' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Andy Sugden returns to village as he helps Sarah [THEORY] Despite his initial apprehension, the episode was received with tons of praise from viewers who were moved. Including, @DeborahTaylor3 shared: “Oh my, tonight's episode. You sir are an amazing actor, that was astounding.” Some recalled their own health battles as they praised the show for spreading awareness. A Welshman1961 added: “You are doing justice to the storyline. I watched my mother battle recovery from a stroke. 