 From tomorrow, all home and workplace electric car chargers will be required to have smart charging capability. Drivers buying a new electric vehicle charger after July 1, should ensure it meets the latest regulations.  Ohme, one of the UK’s biggest charge point providers, is warning motorists that they may be caught out when buying an EV charger. There are concerns that some non-compliant chargers may still be sold after the June 30 cut-off date. This would most likely be done by individual sellers outside of official channels. Stuart Clark, Ohme Sales Director, reiterated the warning to drivers and remind them to remember the new regulations. READ MORE: Charging EVs is sometimes more expensive than filling cars with fuel  He said: “Retailers are legally bound to only sell smart chargers from July 1 and there are numerous advantages to buying a smart charger such as our Ohme Home Pro, which meets the latest regulations. “If anyone buying a new EV charger is in doubt, they should check with the manufacturer or retailer and ask to see the Statement of Compliance for the charger which will confirm that it meets the latest regulations.” The new regulations mean that all smart chargers need to have a data connection to be able to measure and transmit records so that drivers can view their charging history. Drivers should ensure that their new charger meets the new regulations to take advantage of these new functions and for an improved charging experience in the future. DON'T MISSDriving a fuel car will be 'unimaginably difficult' after 2030 ban [SHOCKING]European Union agrees to ban sales of petrol and diesel cars by 2035 [INSIGHT]London councils support huge ULEZ expansion despite impact on drivers [WARNING]  The new regulations are intended to help the National Grid to adapt to the new demands of EVs and encourage drivers towards using smarter tariffs to avoid charging during peak hours. All Ohme Home Pro chargers installed from July 1 will meet the needs of the new regulations. Ohme’s Home Pro enables drivers to take advantage of all the times of low price charging, not just particular set hours by connecting with the grid in real time automatically. Using the Ohme app, drivers can set the Home Pro to charge their vehicle when prices drop below a set point.  Ohme also allows drivers the option to charge their car with renewable energy generation when the grid is at its highest. Many smart chargepoints already come pre-configured to avoid charging during peak hours, between 8am and 11am and between 4pm and 10pm on weekdays. As part of the new rules, EV private chargepoints sold for domestic or workplace use in Great Britain and any smart cables are covered in the regulations. The regulations do not apply to private chargepoints sold in Northern Ireland, any sold before June 30, 2022, and any intended for use as public charge points. These set out minimum standards for all home and workplace chargepoints sold in England, Scotland and Wales from that date, whereas previous rules had only applied to units funded by OZEV grant schemes. The smart chargers will encourage drivers to use smarter tariffs to avoid charging during peak hours, which tend to be throughout the day, particularly in the evening. Graeme Cooper, Transport Decarbonisation Director at the National Grid, reassured Britons that there is “definitely enough” energy that the grid can cope easily.