Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray blazed a trail for the Brits when they advanced to Wimbledon's second round on Monday, and the home successes continued on Day 2. That's after Heather Watson and Ryan Peniston followed their lead by passing each of their first-round tests. Watson, 30, reached the second round of the singles competition for the sixth time after coming from a set behind to beat Germany's Tamara Korpasch 6-7(7), 7-5, 6-2. Having seen their match paused on Monday evening, Watson used the time to her advantage and looked closer to her best when the action resumed on Court One. Speaking in her post-match interview, Watson said the result was the kind of moment "you dream of as a girl." She fought back tears as she added: "I had a bit of a disaster match last year on this court, losing with match point, so I really wanted to turn it around and get a win this year. I'm just so happy." Watson will next take on China's Wang Qiang, who appears to be in fine form after ousting 14th seed Belinda Bencic. She beat Wang in straight sets when they previously met at the 2019 Tianjin Open, though their first encounter on grass could make for different results. READ MORE: Rafael Nadal's rivals 'tired' of his antics as John McEnroe calls out Wimbledon star  Peniston—who overcame a rare form of cancer as a child—moved past world No. 95 Henri Laaksonen following a 6-4, 6-3, 6-2 win, meanwhile. The 26-year-old wildcard looked at home despite making his major debut at SW19, with American Steve Johnson next in his sights. Twenty-year-old Jack Draper made his Wimbledon debut last year but reached the second round for the first time on Tuesday after beating Belgium's Zizou Bergs 6-4, 6-4, 7-6(4). He was joined by another debutant in Alastair Gray, who beat Taiwanese talent Tseng Chun-hsin 6-3, 6-3, 7-6(3). It wasn't all smiles for the native names, however, as Paul Jubb was among those to fall at the first hurdle despite a courageous effort against Nick Kyrgios. World No. 219 Jubb won the first set and looked capable of upsetting Kyrgios, who was forced to play all five sets en route to a 3-6, 6-1, 7-5, 6-7(3), 7-5 victory. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios points to Rafael Nadal backlash after Andy Murray Wimbledon trickRafael Nadal officially gets Calendar Slam bid underway in testing Wimbledon winEmma Raducanu told four ‘key’ things to do to challenge Iga Swiatek at Wimbledon The match was noteworthy for both players' performances but also thanks to Kyrgios' outbursts throughout. The Australian smashed a ball out of the court following an early tirade, then proceeded to call one line judge a "snitch". Jay Clarke couldn't replicate his second-round run of 2019 and fell in straight sets to Christian Harrison. He was joined by Sonay Kartal and Katie Swan after they succumbed to Lesley Pattinama Kerkhove and Marta Kostyuk, respectively. But there were late night wins for Liam Broady, who beat Lukas Klein in five sets, and Katie Boulter, who overcame Clara Burel. Raducanu will be back in action on Wednesday when she faces Carolie Garcia in the second round, while Watson is set to face off against Qiang. Andy Murray and Cameron Norrie will line up against John Isner and Jaume Munar, respectively, in a bid to preserve their Wimbledon dreams.