One passenger said their time at the airport was the “worst experience ever”. Passengers were pictured queuing outside the airport. Lengthy queues were forming out the door before it had even got to 4am as several flights were delayed or cancelled. Danny Harris tweeted: “Bristol Airport. Worst experience ever trying to squeeze too many people through a tiny terminal. “Little kid with us and no food or drink offer within waiting time before boarding.” Gary Cooper tweeted: “Bristol Airport is like a zoo this morning. Forget check in/security. Try getting a coffee or some breakfast. Truly awful.” Charlie Mark Philpott said: “Bristol Airport sort your s* out. You knew our plane was arriving and yet still had to wait for 20 mins for the transfer bus.” Will tweeted: “Bristol Airport this morning. There isn’t room to even sit down anywhere. People are sat on floors. “This ain’t a staffing issue, it’s a space issue. The airport has too many flights.” Bristol Airport has had a difficult few weeks with passengers facing lengthy delays to board their flights. The airport tweeted yesterday: “Help us to help you. You can help us to keep queues to a minimum by only arriving at the Airport when your flight’s bag-drop or check in opens. “Arriving too early may lead to congestion and an additional wait.” One passenger replied: “So if I arrive at 5am for a 7am flight, do you guarantee I will get on my flight? “Because I paid over £3k for my holiday. People are panicking, because they have seen and I have spoken to friends, it’s so sad to see the mess our country is in!” Bristol Airport said it could never guarantee someone will make a flight but said arriving at the expected time should give them enough time to pass security. Theresa Harker tweeted: “Security is the issue. Was there yesterday and they double checked about two thirds of the trays. “Mine was ‘clear bag wasn’t standard’, another had a plug still in their laptop bag. Some people had to take watches off, others didn’t.” Andy Laksey said: “Perhaps your staff can refrain from laughing at crying children because their flights have been cancelled.” Bristol Airport passengers were recently shocked to find out they’d have to return duty-free purchases when their flight was cancelled. Duty-free rates only apply if a person is leaving the UK so once the flight was cancelled passengers had to return the items. However, one passenger described it as “salt in the wound” after their flight had been cancelled. Passengers are advised to arrive two hours before their flight and to check their hand baggage before leaving. Britons are entitled to a new flight on their intended day of travel if their flight is cancelled and another is available.