Arsenal will face competition for Gianluca Scamacca this summer, with Paris Saint-Germain reportedly holding talks with Sassuolo over the striker. The Gunners are on the lookout for new forwards in the summer transfer window but will be shopping in a competitive market, with players like Scamacca in high demand.    Mikel Arteta wants at least one top-quality striker when the window opens on July 1, after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang joined Barcelona in January and with Alexandre Lacazette set to depart at the end of the month. Eddie Nketiah is poised to sign a new five-year contract and will soon be the only senior striker at the club. Arsenal have therefore been linked with a whole host of strikers in the upcoming transfer window, with Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus their top target. However, 90min claims that the Gunners are preparing to make an official approach for Sassuolo star Scamacca. Sporting director Edu and the club’s scouts have taken a close look at the 23-year-old, who scored 16 goals this season, and like what they’ve seen. Talks with the Italian international’s agent have taken place and discussions are set to reach the next level soon. JUST IN: Man Utd and Tottenham 'lock horns over third defensive signing'  Yet Arsenal are not the only side interested in Scamacca. According to Sky Sports Italia, PSG have also been in contact with Sassuolo to register their interest in a summer transfer, while Inter Milan, Newcastle, Marseille and Rennes have previously been linked with the young forward. Sassuolo chief executive Giovanni Carnevali has confirmed talks with other clubs, but says nothing has been agreed yet. "There’s nothing concrete yet for Scamacca, just some contacts with some clubs,” he told Sky Sports Italia. “Of course, after playing with the national team the interest is now growing.”  DON'T MISS Man City respond to Bukayo Saka Arsenal transfer rumours Arsenal's rising star offers Arteta transfer solution amid Saka issues What Arteta's said on Arsenal selling best stars as Man City hunt Saka Agent Roberto De Fanti recently told CaughtOffside that Sassuolo value Scamacca at around £50million. That valuation comes after the youngster signed a new contract in April, which theoretically keeps him at the club until June 2026. Scamacca has scored 16 goals in 41 games for Sassuolo altogether after spending consecutive seasons gaining experience on loan at Cremonese, PEC Zwolle, Ascoli and Genoa. His form in the 2021/22 season saw him called up for Roberto Mancini’s Italy squad for the first time in September and he has now won five caps for his country. "He has everything to become a very, very good centre forward," Mancini said recently. "He's fast, powerful and technical. He can still improve, he can become a really great striker." 