Millions of Britons celebrated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee last weekend with four days of official and community events across the country. Express.co.uk readers thought that the extensive celebrations from June 2 to 5 to honour Her Majesty’s 70-year reign were worth the cost. Chancellor Rishi Sunak set aside £28million to deliver “a major celebration for the UK” to mark the unprecedented Jubilee in his 2021 budget. This was equivalent to around £1 per household and funds were allocated to the Queen’s Birthday Parade on Thursday, and Saturday evening’s Platinum Party at the Palace. The Jubilee Pageant on Sunday – estimated to have cost £15million – was funded separately by The Platinum Jubilee Pageant Ltd which has been “independently fundraising to deliver the pageant at no cost to the taxpayer”. A further £22million was contributed by the National Lottery to support activities to bring people together” over the Jubilee and the money will also be used for additional events throughout the year. In a poll that ran from 9am on Monday, June 6, to midday on Wednesday, June 8, Express.co.uk asked: “Was the Platinum Jubilee worth all the expense?” A total of 5,703 people responded with the overwhelming majority – 85 percent (4,876 people) – answering “yes”, the Platinum Jubilee was worth the expense. Meanwhile, 14 percent (793 people) said “no” and one percent (34 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on the Jubilee celebrations, with plenty of support shown for the Queen, as well as gratitude for the Jubilee celebrations in the comments. One reader, username MrsMitchell said: “Definitely worth every penny, what a wonderful display of Best of Britain we were treated to!” Username Elite said: “It was worth every single penny –  it’s such a shame the Queen wasn’t strong enough to enjoy the celebrations in full but nevertheless this country did her proud.” Username JoanG45 said: “Definitely, we will never see another event like it and she absolutely (and the country) deserved it.” And username BalrobJoe said: “Yes, I think it was worth the money, especially as the event was to mark a completely unique occasion, never seen before and more than likely never to be seen again.” Some commented that they thought the celebrations were beneficial to the UK’s economy. Username Cardenal Mendoza said: “The boost to both the nation's economy and morale far outweighed the cost.” Research based on the previous two jubilees suggests that the festivities may cost the economy £2.4billion in lost output. Username Mr. AlwaysRight commented: “Absolute waste of money. Billions lost in earnings due to the two day bank holiday.” However, a “bounce-back” effect in the month following jubilees often makes up the difference. DON'T MISSKate dazzles just DAYS after diary clash sparked absence from Meghan and Lilibet's party [UPDATE]'She was cast out!' Queen removed beloved aide over unauthorised action 'Was cancelled!' [VIDEO]Royal cousins get-together! Mike Tindall opens up on private lunch during Jubilee [LATEST]  The Department for Digital, Culture, Media, and Sport said: “If the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend is considered within only one month or quarter, then there is likely to be a sharp negative impact on output, as the loss in output is likely to exceed the increase in spending for that day “However, if the impact of the bank holiday is measured over a longer period of time, then the net effect may counteract some of this decrease.” Other readers were glad for an opportunity to reunite with friends, family and neighbours after the pandemic. Username Lindylou said: “After all the trials and tribulations of Covid, with lockdowns and separation of family and friends it was the perfect opportunity for us all to come together to thank our wonderful Queen for her devotion and service to the country.” Another, username Jack Hackett, wrote: “Fantastic value for money and what a treat for the country after so much misery from the pandemic.”