Outlander’s sixth season ended on a major cliffhanger, with fans eagerly awaiting to find out if Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) will be punished for a crime she didn’t commit. Ahead of the release of season seven, the actress revealed her true feelings as she reflected on a key scene.  Although Claire was still recovering from a traumatic attack and dealing with an addiction, her life took a turn for the worse in episode six. After having a bad dream about murdering her apprentice Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds), she went out to tend to the garden when she discovered Malva’s dead body. Despite the initial shock, Claire's instincts as a nurse kicked in and she sprung into action. After confirming Malva was dead, she went straight into operating in an attempt to save her unborn baby. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint However, after discerning it was too late, she was spotted by her husband Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan), Malva’s uncle Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) and her brother Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos). As she was covered in her blood, with her student’s dead body Allan speculated foul play. As a religious man, Tom was more ashamed about Malva being an unmarried pregnant woman. Despite there being only three witnesses, soon the locals heard about this incident and voiced their beliefs about Claire being a murderer. Actress Caitriona Balfe opened up about playing this scene and detailed: “She goes outside to the garden and that’s when she discovers this murdered body. “It’s so traumatic, it was such a traumatic scene to film.” She explained: “I think those tiny threads that she was holding onto the last bits of her sanity, just snapped.” As everyone believed she was responsible for Malva’s death, Claire also had to consider if it was a possibility. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Outlander fans angered by Jamie and Brianna Fraser [REACTION] Outlander’s Allan Christie star on ‘tough’ death scene [INSIGHT] As a result of her trauma in the season five finale, Claire had been self-medicating with Ether. She initially created the drug for her patients during surgery, however, she ended up puffing it to help alleviate the nightmares and hallucinations she had of her attacker. Claire was high in episode six when she dreamed about Malva bragging about having Jamie’s child which led to Claire threatening to kill her with a scalpel. It was only after hearing a knock on the door did she get up, go to her garden and then find Malva’s body. Her death turned the Ridge upside down as locals believed Claire had a motive to kill the youngster, as she had made claims about being pregnant with Jamie’s child. The episode titled ‘Stick and Stones’ ended with the Committee of Safety, led by Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) arriving at the Ridge to arrest Claire for murder. Although Claire doubted whether she killed Malva while high, she soon came to the realisation it wasn’t possible. Despite this, the finale ended with an angry mob, Claire in jail and Jamie on his way to rescue her. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and is available on Starzplay in the UK. 