Prices of essential goods in the UK are skyrocketing due to the inflation hiking at a 40-year high of nine percent, driven by the impact of both the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. On top of that came the energy price cap that rose by 54 percent on April 1, leaving British people having to deal with massive increases in their energy bills. With a major recession looming, the Government is urged to raise the UK benefit rates and increase Universal Credit payments to help people survive a “rising tide of costs”. Trussell Trust, a charity with a network of food banks across the country, has seen a spike in the number of people who reach out for support Sumi Rabindrakumar, Head of Policy and Research at Trussel Trust, said that food banks are being pushed at an “incredibly difficult position”. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she described the upsetting situations that vulnerable, low-income people and families are in, and urged the Government to intensify support. Ms Rabindrakumar explained: “The benefit rates in our system and Universal Credit are dangerously low. They give people little or no buffer when a financial crisis hits. “And leave too many people unable to afford the essentials that we all need to buy. That is why we see so many people that food banks in the UK.” RAED MORE: Smart meter CHAOS as Britons billed for usage outside of their homes Asked about the increase in demand that food banks are faced with, the executive explained: “As the prices have increased, we have seen an acceleration of needs - a rapid increase in the number of parcels provided and in people who come to our food banks for the first time.” And with the energy crisis surging, the executive explained that the Trust is expecting to see a further increase in demand over the next months. In relation to the energy bills, the executive described how people increasingly request specifically cold food or kettle-only parcels, because they can’t afford to use electrical appliances. She said: “People are increasingly requesting things like kettle-only parcels or cold food parcels because they are switching off essential appliances to try and afford their escalating bills. “This shows the lengths that people are going to to try and manage their energy bills. DON'T MISS: Citigroup issues ominous forecast as Europe economy faces meltdownConsumers face 'energy bill SHOCK' in direct debit paymentsBread shortages 'inevitable' due to war in Ukraine, bakers warn “Parents are switching off essential appliances so that they can afford the data for their kids to access the internet and do their homework. “So the price increases that we're seeing at the moment are pushing people's living standards to dangerously low levels.” And Ms Rabindrakumar stressed: “Investment in our social security system is the way to target that support. And we need that support out quickly. “The reason we are in the situation where so many people can so easily be pulled into those positions is because of the many years of cuts and freezes to benefit rates, which has created this threadbare social security system.” Chancellor Rishi Sunak recently announced a series of measures to support vulnerable people amid the energy crisis. READ MORE: Universal Credit influx needed immediately as 1.5 MILLION to struggleWarning as suppliers ‘invent electricity meter readings’ and surge direct debit payments Asked about the measures, Ms Rabindrakumar said that these are a “first step”, although this type of support needs to be sustained in the long term. She added: “Inflation is hitting across the board - food, rent. And people are making quite extreme choices as a result of that. “Those really impossible decisions between going without really, absolutely essentials, or risk being pulled into more and more debt because of the rising tide of costs. And the executive concluded: “As the needs continue to escalate, food banks are being pushed into an increasingly difficult position. “And we shouldn’t be picking up the pieces of government inaction.” Do you trust the current Tory administration? VOTE IN OUR POLL