Prince Harry's elder brother Prince William recently turned 40 and there are reports that their grandmother, the Queen is set to host a joint birthday bash for the Duke and Kate Middleton this summer. Since reports of the party surfaced, there has been speculation as to whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will return to the UK, following their appearance at the Platinum Jubilee earlier this month, for the special family celebration. Speaking to Express.co.uk, royal expert Marlene Koenig has, however, claimed that a return is unlikely due to the ongoing feud between the once-close brothers. When asked whether the Sussexes would be returning to the UK for the birthday party, Ms Koenig said: "The party, I think, will be a quiet party, not flashy. "You know, family and friends", as well as adding, "[and] hopefully an official portrait". She concluded: "I don't think we need to keep asserting every time there's [an] event, will Harry and Meghan come. "The answer is probably going to be no, because they made a decision to pick up sticks and 'Go West, young man' is the expression and that's what they did". READ MORE: Prince Charles says it's OK to ditch monarchy in stunning Commonwealth speech Ms Koenig also suggested the Duke of Cambridge and Duke of Sussex are not currently "in a place" to mend fences. She continued: "I don't think William and Harry are yet in a place for attending a party [together]." "I am sure all of the tabloids and papers are going to say 'oh Harry snubs William', things like that but right now, they are still not in a place where they can have a relationship for either one of them." Ms Koenig stated that inviting Meghan and Harry to a birthday party is also "not the place [for a reunion]." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, whom got married in 2018, made a decision to step down as senior working members of the Royal Family in 2020. The couple made the announcement via their official Instagram account. On January 8, 2020, the couple uploaded a photograph of the two of them with a caption that stated that they intended "to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family" and to "work to become financially independent". They also wrote that the decision had been made after "many months of reflection and internal discussions". DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] Speaking previously to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown discussed, at the time, the brothers "tense" relationship. Ms Brown, author of The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor - the Truth and the Turmoil, claimed that there was "very little communication" between Harry and William right now. She added: "Unfortunately, the wounds of the Oprah [Winfrey] interview were deep, and then, of course, Harry's kept it up since." READ NEXT: