South Korea and the United States sent 20 flying jets over waters west of the Peninsula after Pyongyang launched a set of missile tests over the weekend. The jets flew over the Yellow Sea on Tuesday morning and included South Korean F-35A, F-15K and FK-16 fighters and US F-16s. South Korea's defence ministry confirmed the show of ally strength had taken place. They said: "South Korea and the US have demonstrated their strong ability and will to strike quickly and accurately against any North Korean provocations by demonstrating their combined defence capabilities and posture through this combined air force demonstration flight." Similar displays have also taken place following aggression from the DPRK. Seoul has even shown off its F-35A fleet twice this year already. JUST IN: Brexit news: The six countries that could join the EU next The two nations also launched eight missile tests of their own on Monday. Joe Biden travelled to Asia last month to strengthen relations between Washington and much of the continent. In a recent tweet, the 46th US President said: "I travelled to the Republic of Korea and Japan last month for my first trip to Asia as president. "The alliances between our nations are the cornerstone of a free and open Indo-Pacific – and I look forward to continuing to work together to tackle the shared challenges we face." READ MORE: EU members split over response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine Seoul's statement came amid fears North Korea is now on the verge of conducting a new nuclear weapons test. Pyongyang may have even opened an access way to its underground nuclear testing site, the International Atomic Energy Agency has warned. The IAEA's report on Monday follows on from a US intelligence assessment which found North Korea could be ready to resume underground nuclear testing at its Punggye-ri site. According to CNN, the Punggye-ri site was partially dismantled following an agreement between Pyongyang, Washington and Seoul in 2018. North Korea's ability to test nuclear weapons has been clamped down on by international agencies, including the United Nations which has banned Pyongyang's nuclear weapons programme. However, the DPRK has tested missiles which could carry nuclear warheads on multiple occasions in 2022.