Arsenal may have an advantage in going after Everton forward Richarlison with Edu tipped to use his 'connections' to try and strike a deal with the Brazilian. The Gunners confirmed last week that Alexandre Lacazette had left the club after five years at the club. His exit follows on from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leaving back in January while questions still remain on Eddie Nketiah's future. Arsenal are still keen to keep the young English forward, but at least one other central striker will be signed this summer. They showed their intentions back in January by going after Dusan Vlahovic before the Serbia international chose Juventus. Heading into the summer transfer window, they've been linked with a host of different options. Their chances of persuading some of Europe's best strikers to move to the Emirates were hampered by their failure to secure Champions League football next season. Tottenham will now hold an edge over their arch-rivals after securing the final Champions League place. JUST IN: Four Man Utd players that could improve Arsenal amid transfer links  But there will be plenty of options for Arsenal to explore and Mikel Arteta will likely want his signings made early in the window to help them bed into the squad. Richarlison has been touted as an option with rumours around Goodison Park that the 25-year-old is looking to leave Merseyside. He still has two years remaining on his contract at Everton and reports have indicated the Toffees will demand a fee in the region of £50million. But transfer journalist Pete O'Rourke claims that Edu will have a number of 'connections' he can call upon to help push through a deal. DON'T MISS  “I think having these Brazilian connections can only help in their pursuit of transfer targets," he told GiveMeSport. “Edu, I’m sure will be trying to use his connections to maybe try and convince Richarlison to make that move to Arsenal ahead of other clubs because there will be quite a bit of interest in him this summer. “Any advantage that you can use to try and win the race for a transfer signature, I think Edu will use his connections.” The Brazilian scored 10 league goals last season and was a large reason why they avoided relegation. He scored the winner in the important 1-0 victory against Chelsea at the start of May before bagging the equaliser in the dramatic 3-2 win over Brentford to secure Premier League football for another season.