In England, someone becomes entitled to the “freebie” benefit once they reach the state pension age, which is 66, although some could travel locally for free before this date. Current Government proposals suggest that the state pension age will be raised which means those waiting for the concession will have to wait even longer. As a result, many people will be looking to see if they can qualify for the support in other ways instead. The state pension age will go up from 66 to 67 in between 2026 and 2028, according to the Government’s published plans. Furthermore, another hike to the retirement age threshold is expected sometime before 2048 at the latest. These changes are based on the Government’s expectations regarding life expectancy in the UK. It should be noted that these estimates are subject to changes in the wider world so the state pension age may be raised at different dates than expected. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  Among the qualifying groups for the free bus pass or discounted travel in the UK, outside of pensioners, include:  Free bus travel for under 22s in Scotland was rolled out in January 2022 in a bid to assist young people with their travel expenses. The concession was made readily available to children and young people with a new National Entitlement Card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC. The Scottish Government estimates that over 2.3 million people in the country are now eligible for discounted or free bus travel. Patrick Harvie MSP, the Minister for Zero Carbon Buildings, Active Travel and Tenants, noted how the free bus pass will address “inequality” in Scotland. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? Mr Harvie explained: “This is an exciting moment for sustainable travel in Scotland. “Today’s start line for free bus travel to under 22s shows how we can tackle inequality, respond to the climate emergency and improve the lives of young people through decisive government action. “As we work to secure a green recovery from the pandemic, free bus travel will create new opportunities, protect our climate while at the same time reducing financial barriers for young people right across the country.” Jenny Gilruth, the Minister for Transport, added: “Extending free bus travel will make public transport more affordable, and help give many young people wider access to more education, leisure, and work opportunities.” While older Britons who are not on state pension could be eligible for a free bus pass if they are part of one of the aforementioned groups, there are other concessions available through other travel means. On its website, Age UK shares advice to older people who are looking for ways to save money on their bus travel. The charity stated: “It can also be worth contacting individual transport operators to see if they offer discounts. “For example, National Express offers Coachcards to older or disabled customers, which cost £12.50 and save you a third on your travel across the year.”