At 40, Meghan Markle has glowing skin and a slim physique. Her appearance hasn’t changed much since she rocketed to fame as Rachel Zane in Suits in 2011. How has she maintained her figure over the years? Meghan has previously spoken about her diet and fitness regime, unveiling how she manages to maintain her physique. The Duchess of Sussex’s diet involves eating healthy foods, but she isn’t afraid to treat herself once in a while. According to the royal biography Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of A Modern Royal Family, written by Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, Meghan makes sure to eat a daily breakfast. Breakfast has long been the most important meal of the day as it prevents hunger pangs later on in the day. READ MORE: Woman lost incredible 16 stone after being 'treated like an animal' Omid and Carolyn explained in their book: “Her [Meghan’s] morning ritual started with a cup of hot water and a slice of lemon. “Followed by her favourite breakfast of steel-cut oats (usually made with almond or soy milk) with bananas and agave syrup for sweetness.” The Duchess also enjoys omelette with cheese, fresh herbs, and a slice of toast for breakfast. She reportedly tends to have a heavier lunch and a lighter dinner, however, there is no research behind if this is a healthier way to eat meals or not. DON'T MISS: Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACKS]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE] According to nutrition experts, it doesn’t matter when you eat – what you eat is more important. Personal trainer and lifestyle consultant Luke Worthington told Express.co.uk that eating late at night does not hinder your health, saying: “Eating more calories than you expend on a consistent basis makes you put on weight. “The time of day doesn’t matter.” Meghan has previously shared that she usually eats vegan and gluten-free food, out of choice. She told Best Health in 2015: “I try to eat vegan during the week and then have a little bit more flexibility with what I dig into on the weekends. “But at the same time, it’s all about balance. Because I work out the way I do, I don’t ever want to feel deprived. “I feel that the second you do that is when you start to binge on things. It’s not a diet – it’s lifestyle eating.” The Duchess went on to reveal that she usually has a green juice in the afternoon and tries to avoid drinking coffee. “It’s easy to fall into the trap of rushing for a coffee when you hit that 4pm slump,” she said. “But if I blend some apple, kale, spinach, lemon, and ginger in my Vitamix in the morning and bring it to work, I always find that sipping on that is a much better boost than a cup of espresso.” Meghan likes to cook too, usually spending time to make a big meal for all her friends. “I am a big fan of Sunday suppers,” she told Today back in 2012. “Whether we’re eating lamb tagine, pot roast or a hearty soup, the idea of gathering for a hearty meal with friends and family on a Sunday makes me feel comforted. “I enjoy making slow-cooked food on Sundays, like Filipino-style chicken adobo. It’s so easy – combine garlic, soy, vinegar, maybe some lemon and let the chicken swim in that sauce until it falls off the bone in a Crock Pot.”