Sally Carman joined the cast of Coronation Street in 2017 as Abi Franklin, introduced as the drug-addicted mum of then-teenager Seb Franklin (played by Harry Visinoni). Abi has been front and centre of numerous hard-hitting storylines in the ITV soap, the most memorable being the aftermath of Seb's murder. Her focus has since been directed to her newborn son Alfie who she is determined to get custody of after losing out to Imran (Charlie de Melo) and Toyah Habeeb (Georgia Taylor). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street. Abi Franklin actress Sally Carman isn't yet married but is engaged to fellow Coronation Street actor Joe Duttine who plays Tim Metcalfe. On-screen, Abi is best friends with Tim's wife Sally Webster (Sally Dynevor) who used to be married to her husband Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell). In reality though, Carman and Duttine themselves are very much loved up and have reportedly been dating since August 2018. The couple moved in together in November 2019 and revealed they were engaged during lockdown in 2020. READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants Carman announced the good news last year on Instagram by posting a picture of her ring with the pair holding up glasses of champagne. In the caption, Carman simply wrote: “So this happened… #yes.” Their original plan was to have a Christmas-themed wedding in December 2021 but decided to hold off because of the coronavirus pandemic. But Carman and Duttine are now planning to hold the big day at the end of this year instead. “We thought it was better safe than sorry because I would have hated to have arranged it and then not be able to do it properly,” Carman told the Mirror. “I’m obsessed with Christmas so when Joe said, ‘What’s your favourite time, when would you most like to do it?’ it had to be Christmas. “We’re going to have the wedding late afternoon so it will be dark and it will be lit by rows of Christmas trees and twinkly lights. I can’t wait.” She also stated that the ceremony would be taking place at St Philip's Church in Salford where the 41-year-old actress was baptised two years ago. DON'T MISS...Charlie de Melo age: How old is Coronation Street's Imran Habeeb star? [AGE]What time is Coronation Street on tonight? [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street's Abi Franklin star addresses future on ITV soap [CAST] This won't be the first time Carman will be walking down the aisle though. She was previously married to fellow actor Ryan Pope, tying the knot in 2006. They were married for five years before calling it quits and getting divorced. Actor Pope has been in Funland, Ideal, Hangmen, United We Fall and A Field in England. Carman is at the heart of Coronation Street's main storylines this week as Abi tries to take her baby Alfie away. Imran - who's Alfie's dad - and Toyah were granted full custody of the child, leaving Abi feeling helpless. Determined to take matters into her own hands, she decides to kidnap Alfie and run away with him to Costa Rica but will she get her happily ever after? Coronation Street continues on Wednesday, June 1, at 7.30pm on ITV.