New Formula 1 regulations have heralded a nightmarish 2022 campaign for Lewis Hamilton, and it doesn't appear as though his woes are due to end anytime soon. That's after the seven-time world champion shared his latest damning assessment of the misfiring Mercedes W13. Porpoising and ground-effect management have proved problematic for just about every outfit this season, though the Mercedes team has struggled more than most. The Silver Arrows' concerns were highlighted again on Friday when Hamilton could only finish 13th fastest after two practice sessions ahead of Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix. And Hamilton didn't hold back in his judgement after the session, muttering "this car is so bad" as he conducted interviews. The 37-year-old looked almost emotional as he struggled to put up a defence of the W13. “Pretty much like every Friday for us," he responded when asked how difficult Friday's session had been. "Trying lots of different things, an experimental floor on my side which didn’t work. Nothing we do to this car generally seems to work. We’re trying different set-ups, me and George [Russell], with much different set-ups in this P2 just to see if one way works and one way doesn’t. READ MORE: FIA's F1 intervention may have 'very negative effect' on Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes  “I’ll wait to hear how it felt for him but for me, it was a disaster. It’s like the car is getting worse. It’s getting more and more unhappy the more we do to it. I don't know. We’ll keep working on it, but it is what it is. I think this is the car for the year, so we’ll just have to tough it out and work hard on building a better car for next year.” There's hope for Mercedes considering Russell was almost half a second faster and finished seventh in FP2. Saturday's qualifying sessions will determine the starting order for Sunday's race, with Hamilton having failed to podium since Bahrain in March. DON'T MISSCanadian Grand Prix almost begins in tragedy as groundhog narrowly avoids being squashedGeorge Russell appears to hit out at Christian Horner and Red Bull over porpoising rowEXCLUSIVE: Robert Kubica sends safety warning in Mercedes and Toto Wolff swipe    Russell, on the other hand, has finished third in two of the last three races and occupies fourth in the drivers' standings as things stand. The 24-year-old can clinch back-to-back podiums for the first time in his career if he seals a top-three finish in Montreal. Having grown accustomed to driving a more competitive specimen, Hamilton has found this year's fall from grace a bitter pill to swallow. The title race already appears over for the Brit approaching the season's midway point, with 88 points between him and leader Max Verstappen.