On Sunday, Britain’s Got Talent returned to ITV screens for its 2022 live final, where Simon Cowell made concerning remarks about Queen Elizabeth II. Baffled viewers took to Twitter after the judge appeared to hint at the Monarch’s death.  On the most recent episode of the highly-acclaimed competition series, 11 different acts took to the stage for a chance to take home the cash prize of £250,000. The winner would also have the opportunity to showcase their talents in front of the Queen during the Royal Variety Performance at London’s Theatre Royal. Comedian Ben Nickless appeared to be a fan-favourite after his performance received a roar of praise and a standing ovation. However, as the judges gave the act their comments, Cowell appeared to indirect the Queen’s death, which left viewers wholly bewildered. READ MORE: GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment Speaking to the comedian, Cowell stated: “Ben, thank you, by the way for reminding us - I know the money’s important and the bragging rights of winning are important. “But actually, this year more than any, anyone who gets the chance to perform,” he added: “Please God, it is the Queen, it’s going to be a huge big deal. “And actually I’ve got to tell you, everyone brought their A-game tonight, from where we first met you, your confidence has gone up. “Like you said, you’ve been on the road for 20 years, I think your bookings are gonna go through the roof, trust me.” Although the studio audience cheered and whooped for Nickless, viewers at home were left taken aback by Cowell’s comments about the Queen. Taking to Twitter to express this, @Jlb26_ wrote: “the awkward silence after Simon basically implied the queen is on her way out … yeah that went down like a lead balloon.” @Jackieszel added: “Did Simon just wish the Queen dead, I’m cackling.” As @_Madgee questioned: “Did Simon just imply that the Queen will be dead by the time of the Royal Variety Performance?” DON'T MISS...Len Goodman sparks uproar with curry powder comment - 'foreign muck' [REACTION]Britain's Got Talent fans spark fresh fix row as Axel Blake winner [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, leaves viewers breathless in yellow gown for BGT [INSIGHT] A shocked @dan_winter_92 tweeted: “Whoaaaa what did Simon mean by that? Is the queen on death's door or something.” While @SophieSharpie tweeted: ‘Haha omg Simon saying "PLEASE GOD IT IS THE QUEEN’ at the Royal variety.” Another baffled viewer @DontRushTrump shared: “did Simon imply that ‘incase the Queen died’ there?” As the country celebrated the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee over the weekend, the 96-year-old Monarch’s ailing health had sparked concern as she skipped a number of the events due to “discomfort”. After Queen Elizabeth and the Royal Family made an appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the Royal Air Force planes, a statement from the Palace was released. It read: “The Queen greatly enjoyed today’s Birthday Parade and flypast but did experience some discomfort. “Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow’s National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend.” Many fans are hoping this won’t be the case for the Royal Variety Performance as comedian Axel Blake was crowned winner of Britain’s Got Talent 2022. Britain’s Got Talent is available on ITV Hub. 