The weekend is set to be one of the largest British celebrations in recent history with communities up and down the nation marking the Queen’s 70-year reign. Some 15 million people are expected to attend events with neighbours, friends and family across roads and streets around the country. Communities could formally apply to close roads for street parties, but the application deadline has now passed. Authorities have warned that only 16,000 official applications have been received and Britons have been cautioned against hosting impromptu events. The Government has suggested that people host a “street meet” on private land instead of a larger-scale event if they have missed the deadline. A Government source told the Telegraph: "People cannot unilaterally close roads down, the council needs around six weeks' notice. "If people can't close their road because they've left it too late, they can plan a 'street meet' which would keep the road open but can be organised on private land." Fire services including Hereford and Worcester and Fire Rescue Service have warned against unauthorised parties blocking roads to emergency services. Some local authorities have also issued warnings against street party decorations. Essex’s Rochford District Council said: "Putting up bunting across some roads and attached to electric poles has the potential to cause damage to our dustcarts as well as other large vehicles, as it could get wrapped around parts of the vehicle and cause damage to the light poles and/or vehicles." Portsmouth City Council, Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council are among those banning bunting from being hung from lampposts and telegraph poles. West Berkshire Council told one Newbury resident: “No street party is allowed to attach any decorations to any street lighting. “All organisers should be aware that bunting is not permitted across the carriageway or to be attached to street lighting as it has been stated in our Jubilee Pack on how to hold a street party from the start.” Conservative MP Richard Holden said: “The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee marks a unique moment in our nation’s history that families in cities, towns and villages across Britain are looking forward to joining together in celebrating. “The idea that bolshy bureaucrats are tying people up in red tape to prevent these celebrations is contemptible. “Councils should immediately clear the way to let these historic national celebrations go ahead so that friends and families can celebrate together this weekend.” So what do YOU think? Should Boris stop councils banning street parties? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.