A surge in chickenpox cases and fears over the new, emerging simian-linked virus has led to a high demand for vaccinations against the common childhood disease, according to one London pharmacist – despite the vaccines not being effective against monkeypox. The sharp rise in cases of chickenpox has been linked to young children being able to return to the classroom for the first time without any Covid restrictions prohibiting touching – a key way the virus spreads between people. It comes as cases of monkeypox in the UK – which were first linked to travel from West Africa – have increased to infections in the hundreds, but doctors note that this accounts for a tiny percentage of the overall population. So far, there have been no fatalities due to the virus, and immunologists believe that it is a much less lethal strain that has travelled to Britain than the one found in the Congo Basin. Peter Joseph, a west London GP, described it as a “storm in a teacup” and said he’d be “surprised” if many doctors saw a single case. Chickenpox cases, however, “will be a problem, and it will be a problem trying to distinguish monkeypox from chickenpox.” READ MORE: Monkeypox a cause for concern but not alarm, say experts Hassan Khan, a pharmacist based in Edgware, told Express.co.uk his message to worried patients was: “Stay calm, don’t rush out, but obviously come see your pharmacist if you’re genuinely concerned. “It’s nothing to be worried about, but if you are concerned, by all means come see your pharmacist.” Both he and Mike Hewitson, a superintendent pharmacist in Somerset, have already had walk-ins concerned they may have a case of monkeypox, only for it to turn out to be chickenpox. Mr Khan commented: “After Covid, you would expect people to be a bit more frightened than usual. If this happened pre-Covid, no one would [bat] an eyelid.” Mr Hewitson said: “Common things are common. Chickenpox is a common childhood condition, so you’re naturally going to see more of that than [...] monkeypox, which is a much more rare and emerging virus. So inevitably there will be less of that around.” There are fears undue alarm over the common illness could put further strain on the NHS already battling to bring down a massive waiting list. Mr Khan said: “The NHS is suffering, whatever department you’re in.” He added: “There’s a massive strain on pharmacists already. The majority of them are overworked, over-stressed and under-paid – that’s across the board.” Last week, David Katz, emeritus professor of immunology at UCL, called for caution over the monkeypox outbreak, suggesting it was a cause for concern but not alarm. DON'T MISS‘Russian offensive fails' Bid to storm checkpoint destroyed [REVEAL]Sturgeon facing humiliation over anti-Trident pledge [REPORT]Crime gangs target vulnerable in new scam [INSIGHT] He told this publication that a “heightened sensitivity” to outbreaks of disease people have following the coronavirus pandemic might create an “over-reaction” to the virus. Mr Khan said that the demand for chickenpox vaccines as cases of it and monkeypox rise had “gone crazy” – so much so that his pharmacy in Edgware was now planning to open a clinic this month, after closing it to do Covid vaccinations. Professor Katz likened monkeypox to cowpox, which was used to create a smallpox vaccine which eventually eradicated the disease. Germany, France and the UK have all ordered doses of smallpox vaccine, which is known to also keep monkeypox at bay. However, a chickenpox vaccine will not. Mr Khan said: “Anything they [the public] think may help, they want to take on. It’s gone mad.” Mr Hewitson also revealed that pharmacists have recently had “difficulty” accessing over-the-counter treatments for chickenpox, which he attributed to the rise in cases. He mentioned that in recent weeks, Virasoothe, a gel, and another lotion had been in short supply. Thornton & Ross, the manufacturer of Virasoothe, were contacted for comment.