The 37-year-old man died last week from sepsis and organ failure. Mr Crawford was believed to be the fattest man in Britain, having once weighed 55 stone. Mr Crawford was convicted in 2018 of assaulting four nurses at a care home near Newark, Notts, and ordered to pay them compensation. His solicitor Michael Little told magistrates he was too heavy to attend the hearing. Mr Crawford hit headlines in 2018 over reports he took up an entire bay on a ward and four hospital beds because he was too obese to move. He was discharged from King’s Mill Hospital a year later into a specially-adapted care facility. It was claimed Mr Crawford habitually ordered pizzas and Chinese takeaways to be eaten in hospital, which he denied. He wrote on social media: “If you all knew the truth you would think different. “I've not had a takeaway for months and even before that, I would have one every couple of weeks. “The only food my mum brings in for me is some haslet and pickle cobs which I have instead of a hospital dinner. “I was originally admitted I was seriously ill with sepsis and I took a lot of persuading for them to take me to hospital. “Social services didn't do anything to help find me a placement for nearly three months until the hospitals legal team got involved.”  In 2018, the Mirror reported Mr Crawford’s reinforced bed cost the NHS an eye-watering £7,000-a-week to rent, with his overall care estimated at £40,000-a-month. Sources claimed he orders pizzas and Chinese takeaways to be eaten on the ward. An NHS source said at the time: ­“Everybody is sick to the back teeth with the ­situation and it’s about time it was exposed. "There’s nothing medically wrong with Matt now but we’re powerless to get rid of him." Mr Crawford was also convicted of assaulting four nurses at a care home near Newark in 2018. He was ordered to pay his victims compensation. His solicitor Michael Little said Crawford was too heavy to attend the hearing. He told magistrates: “They do have ambulances big enough to support him, but then the consideration becomes how to get him into court.” MORE TO FOLLOW