The UK Defence Secretary was in Kyiv to meet the Ukrainian President to discuss the further plans as Ukraine continues to fight its way against Russia. The stamps, released in April shortly before Russia’s Moskva flagship was sunk, celebrate Ukraine’s defiance, immortalising the moment a lone but resolute border guard told the warship to “go f*** yourself” when it demanded Snake Island’s surrender on the first day of the invasion.  In a video on President Zelensky’s Telegram channel, the Ukrainian leader praised Britain and thanked the country for its continued “leadership” throughout the conflict. Mr Zelensky said: “I am grateful in general to Great Britain, the Government and the Prime Minister. “The war highlights who is our friend or friends as not just strategic friends, but real friends now. And I believe Great Britain is a friend. “Arms, money, and sanctions, these are three things in which Great Britain consistently demonstrates its leadership.”   Footage released of his meeting with Mr Wallace shows the Ukrainian leader personally signing the gift before handing it to his guest. The UK has so far delivered military aid worth more than £750million but recently announced multiple-launch rocket systems (MLRS) to Ukrainian forces to defend themselves from Russian long-range artillery. The meeting comes after Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48, were convicted on Thursday of carrying out terrorist acts at a court in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic. Liz Truss has since raised the issue with Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba. READ MORE: 'Looked pretty serious' Police swoop to tape off quiet city street  The Foreign Secretary tweeted: “Spoke with Ukrainian FM Dmytro Kuleba to discuss efforts to secure the release of prisoners of war held by Russian proxies. “The judgement against them is an egregious breach of the Geneva convention. The UK continues to back Ukraine against Putin’s barbaric invasion.” Earlier this week, Mr Zelensky said he was pleased not to have lost Boris Johnson as a “great ally”, after the Prime Minister survived a confidence vote against his leadership of the Conservative Party. Mr Wallace was in Kyiv to assess how to adapt Britain’s future support for Ukraine in the battle in the eastern Donbas region. DON'T MISS:Lilibet’s stunning first birthday cake created as tributeGB news: Boris Johnson ‘undermined’ Brexit and must step down as PMUkraine would've ‘already won war’ with better weapons