Bathrooms don't have to be big to be useful – from ensuites to powder rooms, the more bathrooms your home can comfortably fit in, the better. However, when carving out a space for a tiny bathroom, or working with a room with limited dimensions, there's one resource that you're likely to struggle with – natural light. Small bathrooms tend to have small windows at best, and sometimes they have none. Interior designer Shona McElroy of Smac Design Studio explained: “Natural light can be hard to come by in bathrooms often due to other spaces taking precedent, or small windows due to privacy.” Fortunately, there are plenty of small bathroom ideas that can be adopted to increase the amount of light that enters into this space. By in large, these are architectural changes, types of doors and windows, for example, but there are also some ways to amp up the natural light the bathroom already gets too. READ MORE: Lighting trick to instantly make a ‘huge difference’ when selling home Where adding light from the exterior of your home isn't possible, using glazed elements to help the bathroom benefit from borrowing internal light is the next best thing. The easiest way to do this for any bathroom? Use a door with glass inserts. Interior designer Emma Shone-Sanders of Design & That said: “Using glass doors in small bathroom designs, is a great way to let the light flow between the adjacent hallways, making the space feel bigger and brighter overall.” Though of course, privacy is something that needs to be factored in. DON'T MISS: Weeding tips: ‘Most effective’ method to get rid of weeds for ‘free’ [EXPERT]‘Best time of day’ to water your grass - signs lawns need watering [INSIGHT]Stop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [TIPS] Emma continued: “Go for a frosted or reeded glass to create a contemporary look while maintaining privacy or fit a semi-sheer café-style curtain to a panelled door for a more traditional look.” White reflects light, black absorbs it so those looking for a small bathroom that feels cosy, then explore dark tones. But for one that feels bright, light and airy, a white bathroom is the way to go. However, also think about the textures you use in your space too, especially when choosing bathroom tiles. Emma Scott, Director of Design at CP Hart explained: “Glossy tiles are a great choice for a small space as the finish can help reflect light around the room making it feel bigger and brighter.” A strategically placed mirror can make one bathroom window feel like two, helping to bounce natural light around a small space. It can also give the appearance of a bigger bathroom. Describing one of her latest bathroom interior renovations, Shona said: “In this bathroom, we needed to create a sense of space and light so we did full wall mirrors behind the baths and basin. “It’s amazing to see how this feature can really give the appearance and feel of a bathroom double the size.” Those who have a bathroom on a single or top story of a home, introducing a skylight is an obvious choice where there isn't wall room for a vertical window. But light isn't the only benefit of adding a skylight into a small bathroom. Enza Angelucci, director of Angelucci Architects explained: “We always specify operable skylights in our bathrooms when we can’t have windows due to the location of the bathroom to ensure natural ventilation which minimises condensation. “As much as mechanical ventilation is required, skylights can be easily opened when leaving the room when they are still steamy. “There's still nothing nicer than fresh air into a bathroom.”