The brothers joined their mother Lady Sarah Chatto, the only daughter of the Queen's late sister, at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral yesterday as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Arthur, 23, looked dashing in his Royal Marines uniform, while Sam, 25, who is an artist, was smart in a morning suit. Sam and Arthur's appearance prompted an excited reaction from royal fans on Twitter. One user with the handle @tearsdryswift posted: "Not to be unroyal but Sam & Arthur chatto are so fit #PlatinumJubilee #thanksgiving." Another, @TheBraveEars, wrote: "Arthur Chatto really is a dish." A third tweeted heart eyes and flame emojis, adding: "Arthur Chatto in uniform!!!" Another with the handle @toriaa_h said: "Special shoutout to Arthur Chatto, Princess Margret's grandson, for wearing his Royal Marines uniform #PlatinumJubilee." A fifth, @atiqah_aryani, gushed: "Arthur Chatto is in the Royal Marines?? Swoons." Another, @HonLadyCarteret, shared a snap of Arthur and cheekily wrote: "In more Royal Jubilee news, this is Arthur Chatto, the grandson of the late Princess Margaret, the Queen's sister. He is a Royal Marine. This is totally just for historical interest and nothing else!" A seventh with the handle @egyptalogist wrote: "Princess Margaret's grandsons are all very good looking." Another, @monamm2175, said: "Soo handsome." One more, @ChicDelights8, added: "Lady Chatto is always so elegant. Wow, Arthur is in the Royal Marines - so handsome and a good role model." READ MORE: Arthur Chatto to pursue military career like Harry and William  The Chattos were among almost 50 royals who attended the service on Friday. They arrived by bus for the event along with wider members of the family. The Queen, 96, was forced to pull out due to her ongoing mobility issues after attending Trooping the Colour the day before. The Royal Family came together for the event, with Prince Charles representing the monarch. DON'T MISSJubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'big test' with royals TONIGHT [LIVE BLOG]Queen's great-nephew Arthur Chatto opens up on 'gruelling' challenge [INSIGHT]Princess Margaret's children 'raised eyebrows' in politics & painting [ANALYSIS] Much of the focus was on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle who have returned to the royal fold for the bank holiday weekend. They sat in the second row alongside the Chattos and Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie and their husbands, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate sat in the front row across the aisle. The nearly 50 royals attended a celebratory reception at the Guildhall afterwards. And Jubilee celebrations continue today with the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace tonight. Younger royals are expected to attend the star-studded concert at Buckingham Palace. 