In Yorkshire, Labour won back the seat of Wakefield on one the largest swings that the party has enjoyed since the war. Even worse for the Tories was the rout in Tiverton, Devon, where the Liberal Democrats achieved the biggest reversal of a Government majority in byelection history. What makes these setbacks so dangerous for Johnson is the evidence of widespread tactical voting in support of the antiTory cause. At Wakefield, the opposition coalesced around the Labour candidate, prompting the Liberal Democrats to lose their deposit. At Tiverton, exactly the opposite happened. The local electorate’s determination to oust the Conservatives led to a surge behind the Liberal Democrats, while Labour saw their vote collapse by over 10,000. Following these two humiliations, Tory strategists have been bleating about a “grubby” pact between the two main opposition parties “to hoodwink voters” into supporting a progressive coalition. But this kind of self-pity is misplaced. There are two main factors behind this new unity among anti-Tory voters. The first is the deepening unpopularity of the Government, which fails to exude competence or purpose. With Tory rule so chaotic at present, talk of an alternative “coalition of chaos” has little resonance. The second is, paradoxically, the lack of charisma and radicalism shown by the Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and the Liberal Democrats’ Sir Ed Davey. Both are earnest, unthreatening figures so they do not put off potential switchers in the way Jeremy Corbyn did. The whines about a clandestine agreement are just part of a dismal response by the Tories of delusion, panic and feuding. Some say that concerns are overblown, since Tory voters simply stayed at home in Tiverton and Wakefield. But there is no guarantee that such voters will return to the fold at the next election. One Cabinet Minister – Oliver Dowden – has already resigned and there are now rumours that six backbenchers are preparing to defect to the Opposition. Others emit parrot calls in public for unity, while in private pledging support to possible leadership contenders. Against this backdrop, Downing Street is failing to provide leadership. Briefings about imminent cabinet reshuffles, an early general election, and charm offensives at Chequers with “drinks and barbecues” are accompanied by the threat to impose tariffs on steel imports in order to protect British manufacturing and prop up the Red Wall. Such a proposal could hardly be more reckless. It would damage our economy, lead to global retaliation against our exports, and wreck Britain’s chances of trade deals. Boris Johnson is renowned for his lack of ideology, but this measure smacks of desperation rather than pragmatism. Sadly, it is all too typical of the incoherence within his Government. Ministers boast of their determination to fight inflation, yet preside over record-breaking public expenditure, debt and taxation. They trumpet their Rwandan deportations deal, yet fail to tackle illegal migration and have allowed more than one million foreign nationals to settle here in the last year. They promise to cut the civil service, yet the state machine is now 55 per cent larger than it was under Tony Blair. They speak of the enterprise economy, yet 5.3 million people are now out of work and on benefits. Boris Johnson said at the weekend that he wants to continue in office until the 2030s. He was echoing the famous words of Margaret Thatcher when she pledged to “go on and on”. But her leadership was characterised by a tremendous determination and resolution. Boris must show the same spirit. That means toughness on crime, spending, inflation, trade unions and border controls. The road to recovery will be hard, but there is no alternative. The lure of trying to win easy popularity through endless profligacy and U-turns has to be resisted. If he fails, he will end up like Mrs Thatcher’s predecessor Ted Heath, who entered Downing Street promising “a revolution” but was broken after less than four years by inflation, strikes, energy shocks and his own vacillations. For Boris, Thatcher should be an inspiration, Heath a warning.