As the cost of living crisis continues, and energy bills soar, Britons are reminded to check what benefits they are entitled to as any extra cash could be vital. Successful claimants could be getting thousands of pounds more each year which could be a lifeline for families who may be feeling the squeeze. Around 3.4 million pensioners are estimated to be missing out on this help from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Attendance Allowance is a benefit offered by the DWP to pensioners who have an illness or disability that affects their everyday lives. Successful claimants would get £369 per month which adds up to over £4,428 a year. More than two million pensioners are living in poverty due to the cost of living crisis, but many could be due extra financial support from the DWP. READ MORE: 'Highest paying right now' - Savers can get £170 free cash for switching accounts  The disability benefit is not means-tested, so people who are still working can still claim. Attendance Allowance is awarded at two different rates, one higher and one lower. Currently, the higher rate is £92.40 a week while the lower weekly rate is £61.85 for those in receipt of the benefit. How much a claimant gets in Attendance Allowance depends on the “severity” of their disability or health condition. If someone were to claim the full amount available from the payment, their monthly allowance would be £369.60. State pensioners who want to apply for this helpful benefit can do so by printing out an Attendance Allowance claim form from the gov.uk website. Completed forms must be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance for the application to be completed. Charities, such as Age UK, have issued guidance on how to complete these forms. On its website, the charity stated: “When filling out the form, be really clear about how your illness or disability affects your life and attach any supporting information, such as GP letters, your care plans, or prescription lists. “Once you've submitted your form, the Department of Work and Pensions may contact you for more information or arrange a doctor visit. “It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things down you think the doctor should know about.” Care home residents won’t usually be entitled to Attendance Allowance because their care is paid for by their local authority. However, it’s important to differentiate that they’ll still be able to claim Attendance Allowance if they pay for all their own care home costs. Eligibility assessments aren’t usually required and people will only need to attend an assessment if it’s unclear how their illness or disability affects them. Applicants might also qualify for Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax Reduction when they receive Attendance Allowance.