When Katie Boulter won her first-round match at Wimbledon on Tuesday, it sealed a double celebration for the British star. Boulter, 25, overcame French player Clara Burel 7-5 6-3 to make it through to the second stage for the third time at SW19, only hours after watching her boyfriend do the same. Alex de Minaur overcame Bolivia's Hugo Dellien 6-1 6-3 7-5, setting up a clash with Britain's Jack Draper on Thursday. The Sydney-born star, who in 2018 made the third round at SW19 before crashing out to the iconic Rafael Nadal, seemed to replicate the form which saw him make the last-16 of the Australian Open in January. Indeed, the 23-year-old is widely considered a growing star of the sport. In 2020, he made the quarter-finals of the US Open, his best result at a Grand Slam to date. And with five career titles to his name, and a prize money total of over £5.6 million already, de Minaur appears well-placed to soon challenge at major events. Whilst Australian born, he's not completely Australian bred though. At the age of five, he and his family moved to Spain, and despite a brief return to New South Wales, he went back to residing in Europe since 2015. It's for that reason why the Alicante-based Adolfo Gutierrez remains his long-term coach, although Aussie icon Lleyton Hewitt serves as an advisor. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic confirms Boris Becker family prison trip after making Wimbledon gesture It was in Spain where he made his pro-debut aged 15, but ironically, it was two years later at the Apia International Sydney tournament where he claimed his first event win. His last, and perhaps most significant triumph though, came at the Eastbourne International in the build-up to Wimbledon last year. De Minaur's hopes of an Olympic medal at Tokyo last summer were dashed though, after he tested positive for Covid. He also has ATP and Davis Cup appearances to his name, opting to represent Australia over Spain. DON'T MISS:John McEnroe admits to having 'sleeping troubles' at Wimbledon because of Sue Barker newsWimbledon fan grilled by security during Emma Raducanu clash on Centre CourtNovak Djokovic confirms talks to join Federer, Nadal and Murray at Laver Cup Him and Boulter, 25, have rarely been seen in public together since confirming their relationship. But on Thursday at Wimbledon, they'll again be sharing the same goal. And they might even get to cheer on one another. Boulter will be on Centre Court with the sizeable task of taking on sixth seed Karloina Plisova, with the clash starting at 1.30pm. Di Minaur's match with Draper is on Court 1, provisionally scheduled for 4.15pm.