Manchester United pair Richard Arnold and John Murtough both believe Antony can add a new dimension to the club’s attack, according to reports. The Brazil international did well for Ajax last term, scoring eight goals and registering four assists as they won the Eredivisie title. And a summer switch to Old Trafford could be on the cards. Manchester United are determined to splash the cash this summer. Frenkie de Jong and Christian Eriksen are their two top targets, with Erik ten Hag eager to strengthen in midfield as the Red Devils seek an improved Premier League campaign. And Antony is another target for United, with the fallen Premier League giants huge admirers of the Ajax star. Now, according to Goal, both Arnold and Murtough are in agreement when it comes to signing Antony this summer. The pair reportedly think the Samba star can ‘add a new dimension’ to the club’s attack, with the Brazilian likely to be used on the right wing. Not since a young Cristiano Ronaldo have the club had a true specialist in that position, seeing many big-name players toil in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez Angel Di Maria, Memphis Depay and Alexis Sanchez have all been seen as solutions to the club’s wing woes in recent years. But the trio never lived up to expectations after touching down from Real Madrid, PSV Eindhoven and Arsenal respectively. The publication adds that United will De Jong as being ‘pivotal’ to Ten Hag’s system and the style of play he wants to implement. Ten Hag previously got the best from the 25-year-old at Ajax, helping the midfielder establish himself as one of the best players in the world during there time in Amsterdam together. And United see Eriksen as a ‘no-brainer’ with the Denmark international currently a free agent following the end of his Brentfor contract. It’s stated that ‘incomings are expected imminently’ with United already playing catch-up to their rivals. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen Manchester City have landed Erling Haaland, beating Real Madrid to the signing of the former Borussia Dortmund striker. Liverpool gazumped the Red Devils when it came to Darwin Nunez, with United flatly refusing to become embroiled in a bidding war with their Merseyside rivals. Tottenham have moved for Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster and Yves Bissouma as they target the Premier League title under Antonio Conte. And Arsenal have brought in Marquinhos and Fabio Vieira, with Gabriel Jesus another expected addition to their squad. If United do sign Antony, he’ll become the latest Brazilian player to join the club. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Under Sir Alex Ferguson, United had the likes of Kleberson, Rafael and Fabio Da Silva and Rodrigo Possebon on their books. And, since the Scot’s retirement, both Telles and Fred have touched down at Old Trafford from Porto and Shakhtar Donetsk. Speaking in April, meanwhile, Luke Chadwick endorsed a move for Antony as labelled him an ‘exciting, skilful player’. “From what I’ve seen of Antony and read about him, he’s an exciting, skilful player who’s done well at Ajax,” Chadwick said. “It could make sense for Ten Hag to bring in players he knows and trusts, and that could help in terms of making sure the dressing room is behind you, as I’ve mentioned. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Obviously there are players in that position – Elanga, Rashford, and Sancho, who’s showing better form now and who looks like he has a big long-term future. “But you can never have too many good players, so if Antony does come in I’m sure everyone at the club would be fully behind that. “That’s how it should be – competition for places, and whoever’s performing well in training gets to pull on the shirt and play at the weekend. “Hopefully that will raise standards, as is needed if the club wants to be back to where it wants to be nearer the top of the table, rather than 5th, 6th or 7th position.” United finished sixth in the table last term, qualifying for the Europa League in the process.