Going on holiday for a week or longer can be worrying when it comes to looking after the garden. Whether it’s looking after flowerbeds or container plants, one gardening expert has shared top tips on how to ensure the garden survives when away on holiday. Chris Bonnett, from GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “Gardening can take a lot of work, so it’s disheartening when you see that your plants are past their best when you come back from holiday. “It’s really important to be mindful of your garden when planning a holiday during the summer because plants need more care when the weather is hot and dry. “It is good to do some planning in advance rather than leave jobs until the last minute. If you enjoy popping away, plan your garden for this by using evergreen shrubs, mulching and don’t get too many pots that need a lot of watering. “It’s always best to find someone who could look after your garden, for example a family member, a friend or even a neighbour. However, there are also solutions for those who don’t have that luxury.” To ensure plants “survive” while you’re away, the expert recommended weeding. READ MORE: ‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value Chris said weeding plays a massive part in creating the “best possible” conditions for plants to “cope independently”. He added: “It makes it more likely for your other garden plants to grow and flourish as they don’t have to compete with unwanted weeds for water, light and nutrients. “Also mulch your beds. “Mulching locks moisture into the soil and suppresses the growth of weeds. DON'T MISS:Lawn: ‘Key’ to a ‘good quality sword’ and ‘healthy’ lawn [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share 99p way to get rid of black mould - ‘brilliant’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share 80p hack to banish washing machine odours [EXPLAINER] “Therefore it’s a good method to prepare the garden for your absence, as it reduces the frequency of times you need to water and weed your plants.” Gardeners who have fruit and vegetable plants should avoid them going to “seed”. This can be done by picking all the ripe crops to make room for new ones. Chris said: “If you find that you have an abundance of garden produce, you can freeze some of them or use them in jams or sauces that you can preserve.” Any container plants which are in a sunny location should be placed in the shade so they won’t be damaged by the heat. However, gardeners should be mindful to not keep them sheltered from the rain. The expert added: “It’s also good to position them all together because it creates a humid microclimate for them. “Give your plants a good watering as late as possible before your holiday. “You may be able to get away with just that if you’re only leaving for about a week. “That being said, remember to avoid overwatering your plants as it can damage their roots.” If possible, automated watering systems are good to perform the watering duties in the garden. According to the expert, they are “extremely useful” when away for more prolonged periods during the summer. Chris added: “[You can also use] water retaining gel or granules. “They’re a great method for reducing the frequency of watering your plants. “They hold on to water and release it throughout time, ensuring that the soil stays moist.” Feeding plants is also very important during the summer months and using a slow-release feed is a great low maintenance option. They provide nutrients over a longer period by releasing a small amount of fertiliser into the soil when the compost is moist and warm enough for plants to grow.