Spain and Italy have both experienced major issues due to their climates skyrocketing to more than 40C. Italy declared an emergency and implemented an urgent drought plan just last week as Lake Como began drying out in places, with The Po, Italy's longest river being at its lowest levels in 70 years. In Spain there were mass evacuations due to wildfires which ripped through vegetation, with smoke billowing over residential areas. And in France an early June heatwave saw the government take steps to ban outdoor events and gatherings due to safety risks.  It even stopped activities going ahead inside venues without air conditioning. Senior meteorologist for British Weather Services Jim Dale blamed climate change as the reason for the extreme heat in European parts of the world. While Met Office spokesman Grahame Madge also told Express.co.uk that North African air is also hotter than normal, which reaches sweltering heights when it merges with already warm European climates. These dramatic changes do not go unnoticed in the UK, as much of the time the south east takes the brunt of the temperatures as they radiate across the Channel.  And this looks to be the case again next month with Tuesday, July 12 being the peak day for sizzling temperatures. He said: “For us (the south east) it should be from July 4 onwards but it’s hard to be sure how hot and how widespread just yet.” On July 4 temperatures will start picking up, with highs of 24C. On Thursday, July 7 temperatures will continue to rise to 26C before hitting 30C on July 12.  READ MORE: Maps show exact dates UK will BAKE in 30C heat This pattern follows that of neighbouring France as Toulouse in the south is one of the many places hotting up to 32C from July 4. By Wednesday, July 6 this heat starts travelling further north blanketing Bordeaux and radiating towards northern France. By July 12, France in its entirety is under a red blanket of heat with the south east corner of England also seeing very hot temperatures. Interactive maps show this heat travelling from southern Europe, with southern Spain set to peak at 36C in the same time frame.  DON'T MISS:Macron facing hell as energy companies issue a dire warning after P...[REPORT] Russia's plans are now 'doomed' as Putin 'awakens sleeping giant' [INSIGHT] Brexit revenge! EU punishes British scientists who refused to quit ... [REVEAL] While the Met Office has not been as specific, its long range forecast indicates that forecasters may be expecting thermometers to soar. Beginning Monday, July 11, the outlook says: “There is a good chance of more settled conditions prevailing through the middle and later parts of July, although some northern areas may see spells of rain or showers at times, especially early in the period. “These spells could extend across the country at times, but in general the south will see the best of the settled conditions. “Temperatures are likely to be close to or a little above average initially but trending towards widely warm conditions later, especially across the south.” 