Coronation Street isn't afraid to bring back memorable characters to further develop current storylines, most recently Ken Barlow's (played by William Roache) ex-lover Wendy Crozier (Roberta Karr). The ITV soap is welcoming another familiar face but this time it will be the Platt family who is affected by the return. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the backstory of Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street.Audrey Roberts' (Sue Nicholls) son Stephen will be turning up out of the blue in tonight's [Friday, June 24] episode. He will be there in the nick of time though as fans saw the motorbike in Trim Up North fall on his elderly mother when no one else was around. Stephen is going to arrive and rescue her, phoning the ambulance and informing the rest of the family what happened. But what is the reason for his random trip to the cobbles and can Stephen really be trusted? READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family Stephen is the son of Audrey and Geoff Masters, the veteran hairdresser's boyfriend from when they were teenagers. However, their relationship was short-lived and she neglected to inform Geoff that she was pregnant with his child. This storyline never actually featured in Coronation Street as Audrey only joined the cast in 1979, 23 years after her and Geoff's son Stephen was born. It is a sad part of Audrey's life as she was forced to give her child up by her dad. She gave Stephen to a young childless couple called Malcolm and Joyce Reid who were neighbours of Audrey's family at the time. They adopted Stephen and went on to emigrate to Canada when he was four years old. But luckily this wasn't the last time Audrey saw him as in 1996, he travelled to Weatherfield in order to get to know his biological mother and half-sister Gail Rodwell (Helen Worth). Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) moved to Canada for a year after Stephen offered him a job and during his two years back, he married Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) in 1998. When their marriage broke down, resulting in divorce, Nick went back to Canada. DON'T MISS...Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Angelica King helping Nicola's attackers in twist [THEORY]Coronation Street fans predict twist for Sean after Frank exposed [REACTION] In 2007, Stephen had relocated to Milan, Italy, but went to Coronation Street to pay Audrey and Gail a visit for Christmas. He offered David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) a job but later gave the position to his niece Sarah Barlow (Tina O'Brien) instead. She moved away to Milan with Stephen and her young daughter Bethany Platt (Lucy Fallon) in toe. Gail also got the travelling bug in 2015 when life got too much for her on the street and left to visit her half-brother abroad. Actor Todd Boyce has been in various other series and films besides Coronation Street over the years. Some fans may recognise him from Channel 4's Hollyoaks as Herb Carter in 2012 as well as E4's Beaver Falls as Bobby. Most recently, he had a minor role as a Fire Marshall in Robert Pattinson's The Batman. Coronation Street airs every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.