The 82-year-old veteran Congresswoman was branded “fundamentally ignorant” by a senior UK Government source after her last attempt to interfere with Brexit over Northern Ireland. Since Britain voted to Leave the EU in 2016, Ms Pelosi has used her position to say that the House of Representatives would veto any US-UK trade deal unless Britain bowed to EU pressure to give it control of Northern Ireland. But the monthly Democracy Institute tracker poll for Express.co.uk has revealed that US voters are set to deal Ms Pelosi and her party a humiliating defeat. According to the survey of 1,500 likely voters from across the US, the Republicans will win both Houses of Congress easily in the crucial midterm elections amid fury over President Joe Biden’s “inept” rule from the White House. The Republicans will get 50 percent of the votes compared to the Democrats’ 41 percent. This will mean the Republicans will have a majority in Congress with 264 seats to 171. The crushing defeat will bring an ignominious end to Ms Pelosi’s current tenure as US Speaker, third in line to the White House. Instead, she will be relegated to Minority Leader ad may find herself replaced. Meanwhile, the Republicans are also projected to win the Senate 48 percent to 42 percent giving them a 54 to 46 majority and in effect nullifying Vice President Kamala Harris’s casting vote. According to the Democracy Institute polling 64 percent of Republican voters are “enthusiastic” while only 46 percent of Democrats are the same meaning the result could be worse for them with voters choosing to stay at home. Added to that 73 percent think the US is "headed in the wrong direction" and 54 percent think th Biden administration is “incomeptent”.  Democracy Institute Director Patrick Basham branded Ms Pelosi as “a monster” of the Washington DC “swamp” who represents all that is wrong with the elites of the Democrats. He said: “'The DC Swamp loses its biggest sea monster' should be the headline when the Republicans' likely election win in November ends Nancy Pelosi's tenure as House Speaker.  “Nancy Pelosi's successful career demonstrates that the modern American politician may be completely out-of-touch with the concerns and values of ordinary people, but can still succeed if he or she has a rich spouse, builds a loyal following among their like-minded constituents, fundraises superbly, and ruthlessly exploits every opportunity to climb the Washington bipartisan political class' lucratively greased ladder.”  READ MORE: Embattled Boris should be in the White House NOT Downing Street   Mr Basham went on: “Nancy Pelosi's congressional tenure epitomises the establishment career path and elitist record rejected by the ordinary voters who dominate Middle America. Having grown up in a successful political family in the northeast, she's spent the past 35 years representing ultra-liberal San Francisco voters.    In May, Ms Pelosi provoked the ire of the British Government by threatening to block a trade deal in the wake of Boris Johnson’s attempts to fix the Northern Ireland protocol with a new law set to be unveiled on Monday. In a written statement, Ms Pelosi wrote: “As I have stated in my conversations with the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and Members of the House of Commons, if the United Kingdom chooses to undermine the Good Friday accords, the Congress cannot and will not support a bilateral free trade agreement with the United Kingdom.” UK Government sources accused her of being “blinded” and taking instrutions from Sinn Fein.      Ms Pelosi’s demise will be welcomed in many quarters of the UK Government where her “ignorance” of Brexit and “closeness to the Irish lobby” have been seen as a problem since the Brexit vote. But other US allies will also be overjoyed by her departure. This was made clear in an interview with Akif Kilic, chairman of the foreign affairs committee of Turkey’s Grand Assembly (Parliament) and a key ally of President Recep Erdogan. He hit out at Ms Pelosi for siding with the Greek lobby in the US against Turkey and recently granting the Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis the opportunity to address both Houses of Congress. In a similar criticism to the one levelled by the UK Government, he told Express.co.uk Ms Pelosi “interferes over issues she knows nothing about”. 