The Conservative MP discussed what it would take for NATO members to step up and support Ukraine with journalist Shelagh Fogarty. Mr Ellwood claimed NATO needed to do more to support Ukraine, by acknowledging that it's a democracy that's been invaded. The Conservative MP explained that a humanitarian zone could be put in place to protect atomic power stations in Ukraine, as Russia has been attacking the sites. Mr Ellwood warned that the ongoing Russian bombardment of Ukraine will spread to other countries.   Mr Ellwood told LBC Radio: "Ultimately these are bigger questions, we just saw that terrifying attack on a shopping mall. "It makes me ask the questions, what war crime do we need to witness before NATO actually steps up and recognises they need to support a democracy that's been invaded." "You know, we condemn these attacks, we call them war crimes but we don't do anything about it." Ms Fogarty added: "It might feel like semantics, but I'm not sure it is but you know we've heard statements this week already 'we are not at war with Russia' but 'Russia is at war with us' I mean what is the difference?"  JUST IN: Horror scenes as man lays severed head outside court - 'He sat there a few metres away'       Mr Ellwood said: "Well this is the whole point about semantics is that they actually distract us from what's required on the ground. "I make it clear and I repeat this as well, what's happening in Ukraine will spread elsewhere. "Ukrainians are fighting for us, and we're not doing enough to support them, we're doing enough to make sure that they don't lose, but not enough to make sure that they win. "We need to clarify the mission, which is to push Russia out of mainland Ukraine, so we need to give them complex and advanced weapons systems that they absolutely require. "Greater assistance and then as I say, look at other methods, we've seen atomic power stations being attacked by Russia themselves. "They can be removed from the equation in the same way, you can have a humanitarian zone placed around them to say they should be removed from the war itself." READ MORE:'Maybe a future deal with Putin!' SNP savaged as Sturgeon energy plans ripped apart     Other military experts have been claiming that NATO aligned countries are already in a proxy war with Russia. But other experts have been urging for the West to step into the conflict in order to help Ukrain defeat Russia all together. Western political leaders have been offering ongoing support to Ukraine, by sending weapons and training their troops. But ex-NATO commander General Sir Richard Shirreff believes the West need to put boots on the ground and get involved, in order to defeat Putin. 