Denture cleaning tablets have long been recommended by people for cleaning a plethora of household items. From removing stains from coffee and tea cups, to ousting food debris and grease from glass bakeware, denture tablets can allegedly do it all. Denture tablets are designed to remove plaque from dentures and kill 99.9 percent of bacteria while leaving them minty fresh. At Express.co.uk, we decided to use Steradent denture cleaning tablets to remove mineral deposits from a kettle, clean a coffee maker, remove tomato sauce stains from a plastic tub and oust cloudiness from a vase. Steradent denture tablets come in a pack of 30 which works out at just over 3p per tablet when bought for 99p. At Sainsbury’s, Steradent Denture Cleaning Tablets Active Plus cost £1.30. At ASDA and Amazon, the product can be found for 99p. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ Steradent denture cleaning tablets also claim to kill 99.9 percent of bacteria in just three minutes by releasing micro bubbles. So they’re cost-effective and claim to oust bacteria, but do they work? One packet of denture cleaning tablets Water Items to clean A large heatproof mug I have a Nespresso coffee machine that I usually clean out once a month. I’d left the machine a bit longer than usual to get the most out of the denture tablets. Firstly, I filled up the water reservoir to the fill line with water. I then dropped in two denture tablets and allowed these to dissolve. Once dissolved, the water had turned bright blue. Next, I ran my coffee maker without coffee in it so the blue water could clean the inside of the machine. I had to run my coffee machine around three or four times to empty the reservoir. DON'T MISSHomes Under the Hammer buyer boosts property value by £75k [INSIGHT]I tried Elbow Grease’s £1 All Purpose Degreaser spray - results [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [ANALYSIS] I used a heatproof mug to collect the dirty water. I was quite surprised at how dirty the water was that came out the machine. There were lots of small granules of coffee and deposits which were floating around in the dirty water. Once the reservoir was empty, I rinsed it twice and refilled it with cold water. I then ran my coffee machine a couple more times without coffee to remove any deposits. I was still shocked to see the amount of debris coming out in the dirty water. As the coffee maker carried on running, the cleaner the water became. Making a coffee the next morning, I was surprised at home much better it tasted. It was less grainy and also came out the machine a lot faster. My Russell and Hobbs kettle has a Brita filter which I removed before conducting this test. Despite having a filter, I do still find the kettle becomes crusty with mineral deposits over a long period of time. Firstly, I filled the kettle up with water. I then dropped a denture tablet into the kettle and left it overnight to work its magic. The next day, I emptied the kettle and rinsed it out with cold water a couple of times to remove any denture tablet residue. Unfortunately, most of the mineral deposits at the bottom of the kettle were still there. I did give the plastic sides a wipe and the deposits did wipe away very easily. Maybe I needed to give the kettle more of a scrub or perhaps I didn’t leave the tablet in the kettle for long enough, either way, this hack did not live up to expectations. Like many households, I have a cupboard full of stained plastic tubs. For this test, I used a tub stained with tomato sauce. I filled the tub with water, put a denture tablet into the water and left it overnight.  The next day, I rinsed the plastic tub and was expecting the sauce to simply wash away. Even after giving the tub a thorough wipe, the stains were still there and hadn’t even faded. This glass vase was regularly used for cut flowers but has since turned cloudy. I filled the vase with cold water, dropped in a denture tablet and left it overnight. The next day, I gave the vase a rinse and was surprised to find its original shine had returned. With little effort, all water marks and cloudiness had disappeared. I was most impressed by the pleasant, minty smell that the denture tablets left behind. Overall, I was unimpressed with the denture tablets’ ability to clean. They worked most effectively in glass and when heat was used in the process of cleaning. For plastic kettles and plastic tubs, I would probably stick to other methods.