The summer holidays are well under way and many Britons are still yet to book their sunny escapes. Travel expert and Trivago CEO Axel Hefer spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how travellers can easily cut costs on holiday. Axel told Express.co.uk: "As we enter a bumper travel season for Brits, our latest data shows hotel prices in Europe have been increasing gradually throughout the summer. "Despite this, there are certain things travellers can keep in mind to ensure they are getting the best accommodation deal possible." He told holidaymakers his five super simple tips for a cheaper break. Axel's first tip was to be flexible with times and locations. READ MORE: Ryanair strikes: Planned walkout dates and countries affected  He explained: "That should involve choosing a destination with local transportation available or lots of accommodation supply and competition. "Certain destinations can be very expensive due to the supply constraints. "Travellers should also be flexible with their length of stay during this period." Next, when selecting a hotel, hostel or AirBnb, travellers shouldn't always go for the first option they come across. "There are great accommodation deals out there so I would highly recommend comparing locations, the accommodation type you’re looking for and deals across multiple providers," the expert advised. "It also gives travellers an opportunity to explore somewhere new! "Our latest consumer research shows one in five Brits are more likely to take short, spontaneous trips post-Covid​ and 21 percent say their main motivation for future travel is to explore new countries." Having said this, while spontaneity is a great quality when it comes to travelling, being at least a little prepared is always best. "It is recommended to book your room in advance as you can get access to all the hotel deals in the beginning and save good money. "Avoid last-minute booking strictly during the peak seasons." Axel recommended thinking outside the box when it comes to holiday destinations. "Consider these hidden gem destinations if you want to travel abroad - be open to alternative destinations that have cheaper accommodation and that not a lot of people are travelling to, but are perfect destination for summer holidays! "According to our latest summer data, these destinations include: Port Elizabeth, South Africa; Zacatecas, Mexico; Valle Gran Rey, Spain; Lipa Noi, Thailand; and Polis, Cyprus." Axel's final was to be savvy with means of transport and consider going by car or train as opposed to flying. "Along with high demand and airport staff shortages, fuel prices are also driving up airfare prices. "To avoid the stress and save on money, consider destinations that you can travel to by car or train, such as somewhere local or Northern France." The expert's next tip was to consider travelling in the week as opposed to heading away at the weekend. He explained: "Our data shows that if you book your holidays on a Friday you will get the best deals. "But to get an even better offer, look at booking your trip on weekdays rather than weekends - these are less popular days so there are savings to be had!"