Daniil Medvedev has named a surprise amongst his favourites to win at Wimbledon this summer. The iconic grass-court tournament at SW19 gets underway on June 27, although the current world No 1 won't be there after the All English Tennis Clubs banned Russian and Belarusian players from competing. The saga has proved an explosive one, with the likes of Andy Murray blaming the British Government for unfairly punishing tennis players for the war in Ukraine. The ATP and WTA have responded by removing ranking points from the event, which means Medvedev's top ranking won't be affected. But the 26-year-old has still had his say on who he thinks will shine at Wimbledon, as anticipation builds over whether Rafael Nadal can remain on course for a calendar Slam. The Spaniard beat Medvedev in the final of the Australian Open in January, and backed that up by winning the French Open this month. Medvedev, who led that final in Melbourne by two sets before succumbing to a famous Nadal comeback, believes the 22-time Slam winner is amongst the favourites. However, he's also backing Matteo Berrettini after he successfully defended his title at The Queen's Club Championships. JUST IN: Serena Williams Wimbledon setback as Eastbourne doubles partner Ons Jabeur suffers injury "Novak is always the favourite," Medvedev told Spanish media outlet Diario de Mallorca. "He has won the last three Wimbledons that have been played. He plays very well on grass. If we talk about the best players in history on grass, I would place him at the top, although I have not seen Borg or Sampras play." But Medvedev doesn't think Djokovic, who he beat in the US Open final in September to claim his maiden Grand Slam crown, will have it easy: "Of course, Nadal can win any tournament he plays in and Berrettini is playing at a high level," he added. "Speaking of favorites, Djokovic, Berrettini and Nadal." DON'T MISS:Rafael Nadal laughs off Grigor Dimitrov's cheeky retirement request - 'I'm very expensive'Novak Djokovic sends ominous Wimbledon warning to Rafael Nadal with Auger-Aliassime winAndy Murray drops tantalising hint over playing Wimbledon doubles with Emma Raducanu Italian player Berrettini has pedigree at Wimbledon, having reached the final last year. There, the current world No 11 was beaten in straight sets by Djokovic. As for Medvedev, he was boosted this week by the news that he will be able to defend his title at Flushing Meadows. Organisers said on Tuesday: "The USTA will allow all eligible players, regardless of nationality, to compete at the 2022 US Open." 