Joe Joyce believes Anthony Joshua’s ‘heart is no longer in the game’ after his devastating loss to Oleksandr Usyk in September. According to AJ’s former Team GB stablemate, it will take a ‘miracle’ for the Watford powerhouse to beat his Ukrainian adversary when they rematch on August 20 at the Jeddah Superdome in Saudi Arabia Joyce, who is currently ranked No1 by the WBO, is patiently waiting for his shot at the winner of Usyk-Joshua II and has weighed in on the second fight. Talking to The Sun, he said: “If by some miracle Joshua beats Usyk, he will have to face me or vacate the [WBO] belt. His chin has gone, and I don’t think his heart is fully in the game anymore. He always talks about staying hungry, but the world can see he’s not hungry anymore for boxing. He’s a businessman more interested in lecturing students." Joyce has previously faced both men in the amateurs, losing to Usyk on points in a World Series of Boxing bout and Joshua by first-round stoppage in the ABA finals. But ‘The Juggernaut’ insists he is a completely different animal now and is confident history will not repeat itself. He continued: “I’m No. 1 with the WBO. Usyk looks likely to beat Joshua again. When he does, I’m the mandatory and I’ll show you how a proper heavyweight in 10 oz gloves is supposed to deal with a man who lost to Shawn Porter in the amateurs. That Joe Joyce that [Usyk] boxed at the World Series of Boxing was not ‘The Juggernaut’; they put pillows on my fists so I couldn’t hurt him. No pillows this time!” Joyce’s next fight is set to take place on July 2 at the OVO Arena against Romanian gatekeeper Christian Hammer. The contest will be the Brit's first outing in 12 months since stopping Carlos Takam in July of last year. Coming into the bout Hammer has lost five of his last ten fights and is not ranked by any of the four major sanctioning bodies. On the same bill, Jason Cunningham and Zolani Tete square off for the Commonwealth super bantamweight title, while Callum Johnson vs Igor Mikhalkin and Marc Videl vs Mark Chamberlain are also confirmed to be happening. Nathan Heaney, Mickey Burke Jr, Henry Turner, and Tommy Fletcher are expected to feature on the undercard although their opponents are yet to be confirmed as of right now.