The first multimedia star is well-known for his signature singing voice and roles in films such as The Country Girl and High Society. As one of the most influential musical artists of the 20th century, it isn't much of a surprise that press at the time theorised a rift between himself and Frank Sinatra once the latter came on the scene. In a BBC Talking Pictures episode focusing on the star's life and career, archive footage saw Bing addressing the supposed feud.  In a Michael Parkinson interview from 1972, the broadcaster probed into the alleged clash between the two. "What about the professional rivalry that was drummed up about you and Sinatra?" Michael asked. He added: "Was that rivalry real?" to which the singer shook his head. "Oh no, no," he stated as he smoked a pipe cigar. "We were very good friends." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Triple exit for beloved villagers in tragedy He continued: "As you say, it was drummed up just to get something in the newspapers. "I'm sure neither one of us took it as a serious rivalry. "I admired his work and I hope to believe that he admired mine." He went on to reflect on the times they shared, explaining: "We saw a lot of one another. "He was on my radio show several times and I went on a couple of shows he had." Michael replied: "Can I just give you a quote that he said about you once?" He continued: "It's a famous one - Sinatra said about you, 'Crosby happens once in a lifetime, why does it have to be my lifetime?'" Laughing, the American native responded: "I didn't influence Frankie in any way and I certainly didn't withhold his progress in any way, because he's a brilliant performer." DON'T MISS... Roo Irvine opens up on biggest challenge of new Bargain Hunt role [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Leah Charles-King talks about 'hardest part' [EXCLUSIVE]Eddie Izzard swears at WWTBAM bosses over 50/50 conundrum [VIDEO] He expressed how much he admired Sinatra's work and remarked: "He's a great singer. "He creates a mood, which very few people are able to do. "I don't think I create a mood when I sing. Nat Cole could do that. Sinatra does it in a memorable way. "He walks on with the topcoat over his shoulders and the hat, and he goes into Black Magic or one of those kinds of things and he creates a mood right away and the audience is with him. "Very few people can do that, that I know of. Lena Horne can do it." Michael recalled: "There was a marvellous film, High Society, you made together. "I think the best sequence from that was the moment when you collided in song. "That lovely song, Well, Did You Evah, do you remember that?" "Oh, yes," Bing smiled before being shown a clip of the moment. Talking Pictures is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.