The claim was made in a tweet from the Canadian Ukrainian Volunteer Twitter account which is made up a four man team fighting in the Kherson region of Ukraine, according to it bio. It reads: "Only basic info right now. Russian munitions stockpiles in Snihurivka and Bruskynske destroyed, several pieces of equipment destroyed in Ivanivka. Many Russian KIAs in Novodmytrivka and Trifonivka." It adds: "Russian troops in chaos. Lines broken. Panic everywhere. Starting to abandon equipment." Express.co.uk has not been able to independently verify the claim. Snihrivka is a city in south east Ukraine under Russian occupation. Bruskynske, in the Kherson region, is also in occupied territory. Novodmytrivka sits on Ukraine's southern coast near Crimea, which was annexed by Russia in 2014, while Trifonivka is a village in the Kherson region.  A third tweet, written by a person who appears to act on behalf of the volunteer who made this particular claim, stated: "Guys, don't forget that all this progress is hard earned in blood. "The platoon he's attached to alone has multiple KIAs. Young guys, early [twenties]. Wars always take the best and the brightest (unless we're talking Russia, of course. We've seen what the orcs are like." A further tweet includes an accusation that Russian soldiers in occupied territories of Ukraine are "actively engaging" in the kidnapping and ransoming of civilians with the price of release set at £8,000 to £24,000 ($10,000-$30,000). Express.co.uk has not been able to independently verify this claim.  READ MORE ABOUT THE JUBILEE FLYPAST The volunteers' claims came ahead of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky calling on the West to step up its weapons supplies of weapons to push Kyiv's grinding war with Russia towards an "inflection point" which would allow it to win. Russian forces have fought their way into the centre of the Ukrainian industrial city of Sievierodonetsk as Moscow focuses its efforts on grabbing land in eastern Ukraine. But in a boost for Ukraine, locked in a grinding struggle against the invading army, the United States announced a new multi-million pound weapons package for Kyiv. It will include advanced rocket systems capable of hitting targets up to 50 miles away.  DON'T MISS: Travel Chaos: BRITISH passengers sensationally blamed for holiday hell [LATEST] Is Monday a bank holiday? When will you head back to work? [REPORT] Best places to watch RAF Red Arrows flypast for Queen's Jubilee 2022 [REVEALED]  US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said on Wednesday that Ukraine had given assurances it will not use long-range weapons systems provided by Washington against targets on Russian territory. Mr Blinken was asked what could be done to minimise the risks of escalation as the United States provides long-range weapons systems to Ukraine, after a meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in Washington. Russia on Wednesday sharply criticised the decision to supply advanced rocket systems and munitions, warning it could widen the conflict and increase the risk of direct confrontation with Washington. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters: "We believe that the United States is purposefully and diligently adding fuel to the fire."   Meanwhile, Kyiv's top prosecutor said on Tuesday that Ukraine has identified more than 600 Russian war crime suspects and has started prosecuting around 80 of them. Prosecutor general Iryna Venediktova told a news conference in The Hague the list of suspects includes "top military, politicians and propaganda agents of Russia". The office of ICC prosecutor Karim Khan has deployed a team of 42 investigators, forensic experts and support personnel to Ukraine. Mr Khan said the ICC was "working toward opening an office in Kyiv" to support the investigations. Ms Venediktova said international support was vital to Ukraine's efforts to investigate all possible war crimes. She said: "We should collect and protect everything in the right way. It should be acceptable evidence in any court."  In a further development, on Thursday European Union diplomats gave final thumbs up to the bloc's sixth round of sanctions against Russia. The sanctions include a partial oil ban and will remove Russia's top lender Sberbank from the international platform SWIFT. They come after Hungary repeatedly denied the bloc the necessary unanimity of the 27 EU countries. An unnamed diplomat said the agreement was finally possible after the remaining 26 countries agreed to remove from the proposed blacklist the head of the Russian Orthodox church and a close Kremlin ally, Patriarch Kiryll, to appease Budapest. The agreement comes into force at 7am tomorrow unless a member state raises objections, according to the diplomat. Legal imposition of the sanctions is expected to follow soon after. 