Despite its deadly implications, 14.4million people in the UK have high blood pressure, according to the British Heart Foundation. And out of these, nine million have been diagnosed by their GP. That number might be a lot lower if these nine million followed the advice of Doctor Sarah, a blood pressure specialist who spoke to Express.co.uk about ways to improve blood health. She revealed four nutrition-related changes to make. The owner of mylowerbloodpressure.com’s first piece of advice was sensible sunbathing. Sunbathing, the doc shared, is a powerful source of Vitamin D and helps your body release Nitric Oxide, both of which help lower blood pressure. “After exposing your skin to sunlight for twenty minutes, you produce enough nitric oxide to lower your blood pressure for at least one hour,” she explained. Nitric oxide is known as a vasodilator, meaning that it relaxes the muscles in your blood vessels and opens them up more to increase blood flow. “The heart health benefits of sunlight are likely to outweigh the risk of skin cancer,” the doc added. READ MORE: How to live longer: Your eye health may determine how long you live - here's how But for those who are a bit worried about overexposure to the sun – supplements have been found in studies to be an adequate replacement. Doctor Sarah cited research by the Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, USA which found that moderate doses of vitamin D supplements – between 1000 iu and 4000 iu - can contribute to lower blood pressure. Vitamin C is another potent weapon against blood pressure, explained Doctor Sarah. It can help metabolise, i.e break down, substances that are created when we are stressed – such as fibrinogen. High exposure to fibrinogen, like cortisol, can increase the risk of blood clots forming. DON'T MISS'Many patients' develop statin side effects at a particular time [INSIGHT]Cancer: The  drink that may raise cancer risk by 70% [ADVICE]Liam Neeson health: Star's 'agonising' pain from caffeine [INSIGHT] The overall effect of vitamin C improving heart health is available for the world to see in peer-reviewed studies. One new study in Norfolk involving 19,000 adults aged 45 to 79 years old found that the more vitamin C people consumed the less likely they were to die from other causes over the four-year study period. “The researchers concluded that even relatively small increases in vitamin C concentrations may have a measurable effect on risk of a fatal heart attack; for example, eating an orange a day was estimated to reduce the risk of coronary heart disease by as much as 10 percent,” explained Doctor Sarah. Vitamin C is contained in citrus, strawberries, tomatoes, white potatoes and cruciferous vegetables such as cabbage and broccoli. Sodium is the main molecule contained in salt. It is involved in making your body hold onto water. This additional water increases the pressure on your blood vessel walls. Doctor Sarah is a proponent of low-sodium diets for people struggling with high blood pressure. One of these is the DASH diet, which can help the kidneys to flush away excess sodium and water. Consuming potassium can also help to flush out excess sodium to improve blood pressure. In one study, over 80 percent of people taking antihypertensive medication were able to halve their drug doses (under medical supervision) just by increasing their dietary intake of potassium. Perhaps the least recognisable item on the list, lycopene is a carotenoid – the chemical known for creating the red pigment in tomatoes. Found in papaya, red grapefruit and watermelon, it is linked to lower thickness in the walls of your arteries, as well as lowering the level of oxidised LDL cholesterol, which is damaging for our blood vessels. Oxidised LDL cholesterol hardens the arteries – a process known as atherosclerosis. Surprisingly, lycopene is difficult to retain from tomato because it is locked away inside the cells. However, doc Sarah explains that cooking tomatoes can release five times the amount compared to when eating them raw. “Tomato ketchup and concentrated tomato purée are among the most common dietary sources. Lycopene even makes some pizzas a healthy option as the olive oil added to pizza sauce triples the amount of lycopene you can absorb,” explains the doctor.