Paul Pogba has aimed a thinly-veiled dig in the direction of Manchester United by insisting that he wants to feel appreciated by his next club as he continues to weigh up his options in the market ahead of the new campaign. Pogba will leave United as a free agent upon the expiry of his current deal at the end of this month and is thought to have no shortage of admirers, with Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain having been linked with his signature in recent months. Pogba is still believed to be mulling over where to go next, though, as he looks to revive his career at the highest level after a lacklustre six-year spell on United's books. He appeared to suggest that he did not feel loved by the Red Devils when quizzed on his future plans by Uninterrupted as he explained his wish to be highly appreciated by whichever team he decides to join."Everyone wants to feel loved, everybody needs that, your soul needs that," said Pogba. "It's always good to feel that the work you do is appreciated."Everything you do, even when you grow up, when you do a good thing you like to hear: 'Well done, nice'. It's always been like that, even adults we need that. JUST IN: Barcelona draw up Dembele plans as Chelsea could affect Raphinha deal "It's always good to feel the work you do is appreciated, that you're doing well, that people are happy with yourself. People around make a huge difference because they can cheer you up or bring you down."Pogba went on to admit that he wants to start enjoying his football again over the course of next season after a difficult final campaign at United. The Red Devils limped to a sixth-placed finish in the Premier League to miss out on Champions League qualification, with Pogba making just 27 appearances in all competitions. "I just want the best for me, I’m thinking like putting everything together," he added. "Take my time and I’m just looking for the best, I just want to play football, be myself always and enjoy what I do."I need to enjoy what I do because otherwise I cannot perform well. I don’t want to be thinking negative. We can be losing games, losing trophies but you have to be happy where you are and enjoy yourself, that’s what I’m looking for.""As long as you click first of all with the team, the fans, with the club that knows you and loves you. When you’re free mentally, you enjoy yourself and that’s when you perform." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here