The Met Office has urged people to stay indoors where possible as the south of England is struck by a "huge cluster" of thunderstorms. As temperatures plummeted from Friday's highs of 32C, the forecaster issued a lightning warning that it has only used a "handful" of times before. BBC Weather's Susan Powell warned of a cold front sweeping across the nation. She said: "The really hot and humid air has now left our shores but it's still sitting in place across much of Europe and heatwave conditions will persist for central Europe into the week ahead. "We're now in cooler, fresher air with a weather front that will continue to give some showers across southern England on to the evening. "Winds fall light across Scotland and in sheltered eastern spots, temperatures could dip down as low as 3C or 4C." On Monday, temperatures are set to hover in the low 20s. READ MORE: UK heatwave: Charts show England turning red this week Ms Powell continued: "There's a lot more fine weather to come in the week ahead particularly across the week we could reach high 20s yet again." While meteorologist Becky Mitchell said a cold front from the north was responsible for the sudden temperature shift. "It felt like it was just getting into summer but it's cooler now," she said. "Lots of places in the UK have seen a temperature drop of about 10 to 15 degrees in some places, which is massive. "We've got a huge cluster of thunderstorms in the south west of England, there's potential we could see some in the South East later on tonight." The Met Office has only issued a lightning warning three times before, most recently in 2019. "If you are doing any outdoor activities move inside if you can - that's the best advice really," Ms Mitchell said. "Stay away from any power lines or anything like that which could potentially be struck by the lightning. DON'T MISS Britons warned as wildfires break out in Spain in 42 degree heat [INSIGHT]BBC Weather: Soaring UK temperatures return within days [VIDEO]POLL: Are British drivers treated like cash cows by the police? [POLL] "If you do find yourself in an exposed location stay close to the ground, away from anything that could conduct lightning." Although the weather seen on Friday is unlikely for the immediate future, it looks set to improve in time for the Glastonbury Festival next week. Temperatures could reach around 26C on Thursday, before cooling as the event winds to a close over the weekend. "It looks like the start of Glastonbury, particularly Wednesday or Thursday, is likely to be dry hot and sunny," Ms Mitchell said.