Around 4,000 workers for the London Underground are expected to take part in the 24-hour strike. Transport for London (TfL) has warned that it “will cause severe disruption”, for residents and commuters alike. The strike action comes just a day after celebrations will have finished, for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee. Strike action will begin at 00.01am on Monday, June 6, and will last for 24 hours. Thousands of members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) are taking part in the walkout because of a dispute over jobs and pensions. TfL has said it “will keep as many stations as possible open”, but that many - particularly those in central and south London - are expected to be closed throughout the city.  READ MORE: 'They want EU flag flying' Jubilee row over Union Jack 'Nazi' slur No specific lines have been identified as being affected, but those that do open may only be in operation for limited periods. While the DLR, London Overground and TfL's trams are not impacted, they are expected to be much busier. The newly opened Elizabeth line is also not expected to be affected, though its services are also anticipated to be more in demand. Disruption from the strike action is expected to continue into the early hours of Tuesday morning.  Andy Lord, TfL's chief operating officer, said: "I'd like to apologise to London for the impact this strike will have on journeys tomorrow and on Tuesday morning. "We know it's going to be damaging to London and the economy at a time when public transport is playing a crucial role in the capital's recovery. "While our focus is always on helping everyone travel around London whenever they want, the expected impact of the RMT's action means we have to advise people to only travel tomorrow if necessary, as many stations may be closed. "Alternatives to the Tube, including the bus and rail networks, are likely to be much busier than usual."  DON'T MISS: Commuters to face ‘damaging’ impact as Underground strike hits [EXPLAINER]Jubilee: Shock as Harry and Meghan will not attend historic event [NEWS]'Mind your own business!' Biden and Pelosi savaged over Brexit row [INSIGHT] The strike action has come about as TfL works towards achieving financial sustainability on its operations by April 2023. As part of funding agreements, previously reached with the Government, TfL has proposed not recruiting into around 500 to 600 existing positions, as they become vacant. The RMT has said the cost-cutting measure equates to lost jobs, and has argued that working agreements will be torn up, while pensions are also at risk. TfL has insisted nobody will lose their job as a result of its proposals, and no changes are on the way for pensions.  The RMT union has said: "The union has the same position as it always has - to seek job security with a guarantee of no compulsory redundancies; that any changes to structures, working practices, or conditions have to be agreed with our union, not imposed; and that our members deserve a negotiated pay increase that addresses the rising cost of living. "RMT will continue to make active preparations for a sustained campaign of industrial action while discussions continue." Monday’s strike action comes ahead of what could possibly be the largest rail strike witnessed in decades. RMT members nationwide have voted to walk out over pay, compulsory redundancies and safety concerns. The strike could see services could be reduced to around a fifth of the normal weekday timetable. 