Manchester United believe that multiple Jorge Mendes clients are more likely to join Chelsea than Cristiano Ronaldo, according to reports. The super-agent supposedly met with Blues owner Todd Boehly last week, sparking rumours that Ronaldo could ditch Old Trafford for Stamford Bridge. Despite speculation, the Red Devils have not swayed on their Ronaldo stance - the player is not for sale and will play a prominent role in Erik ten Hag's debut season. That quickly dismissed murmurs of a blockbuster Premier League switch that would have rocked the summer window. Ronaldo's Man Utd future has long been treated with a hint of uncertainty given that he came in under the management of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who made way for Ralf Rangnick and subsequently Ten Hag. But the Dutchman is seemingly keen to include the former Real Madrid goal machine into his new-look attack next term. That will come as a blow for Chelsea fans, but Jorge Mendes boasts an enviable list of clients and Manchester Evening News have been informed by sources that many of them are more likely to join the Blues than Ronaldo. JUST IN: Taylor's Transfers: Arsenal medical today, West Ham Danjuma plan, Palace up Doucoure bid Alongside the 37-year-old, Mendes manages the affairs of Manchester City quartet Ederson, Bernardo Silva, Ruben Dias and Joao Cancelo, Liverpool trio Fabinho, Darwin Nunez and Diogo Jota, as well as Wolves' midfield maestro, Ruben Neves. Moves for any of those high-calibre Premier League stars would surely excite Blues fans, who have so far seen their squad and backroom team torn to shreds since Boehly took over from Roman Abramovich in the boardroom. Petr Cech was the latest backroom heavyweight to vacate his post on Monday, while the playing squad has been left depleted by the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Romelu Lukaku, among others. Supposedly, Boehly and boss Thomas Tuchel will attempt to finalise their list of exits before getting to work on bringing in new arrivals. Although a move for Ronaldo now seems unlikely, Chelsea could still pull off one of the switches of the summer by luring in Manchester City star Raheem Sterling. With one year left on his deal, the Sky Blues are supposedly prepared to part ways with the England winger after Pep Guardiola refused to grant assurances over his game time. The fee is likely to be a hefty one, and despite the promise of a fresh start, former City star Trevor Sinclair has urged Sterling to consider his next move carefully.  "I don’t think Chelsea will be competitive with Man City and Liverpool next season," he told talkSPORT. "They’ve lost players, the club is in a transitional phase where they’ve lost a lot of players and they’ve got to do a lot of rebuilding. "They’ve got a new man at the helm [Boehly] to do that. I think there’s a hell of a lot of work for Chelsea to do this summer. Listen, Raheem is a quality player and a quality operator and Chelsea could compete next season, but the new owner has a big job on his hands."