Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni has indicated that he would prefer to stay with Inter Milan in Serie A this summer but there is potentially another option on the table for Spurs, according to reports. Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici are in agreement that 23-year-old Bastoni is top of the club's defensive shortlist but landing the Italian international is already proving complicated and the transfer window is not even officially open. That's because Bastoni, feels as though he is in no rush to leave the San Siro, where he has only had three full seasons in the first team. After breaking into the starting XI under his former boss Conte in the 2019/20 campaign, Bastoni has become part of the furniture for the Nerazzurri and he does not want to give it up easily. Tottenham are optimistic Inter Milan's financial position could change the picture though. That's because they could be forced to consider a high-profile sale to balance the books and although Bastoni isn't keen on an exit, they would consider offers in the region of £54million. READ MORE: Tottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalities Nonetheless, should a move fail to materialise, The Times - who suggest the Premier League does not appeal to Bastoni - claim his defensive partner Milan Skriniar is also up for grabs. Spurs of course know him well after trying to land him in the 2020 summer transfer window. Tottenham's former Director of Technical Performance Steve Hitchen flew to Milan to try and get a deal over the line but failed to pull off the signing of the Slovakian international. He could become a more attainable asset though providing Spurs fail to twist Bastoni's arm. READ MORETottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalitiesTottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal Yet it appears that the 27-year-old is also more than happy with the Italian giants - or so he says - but his stance may change after a bid that satisfies Inter's valuation of the player. “My future is at Inter,” Skriniar said last week. “I have a contract and nothing has changed. The transfer rumours come out every six months, every year. But there's nothing specific - I'm satisfied with Inter.” Tottenham are looking for a left-footed defender to play on the left side of their three-man backline. Alternative targets include Josko Gvardiol of RB Leipzig and Villarreal's Pau Torres. Paratici and Conte are now fully aware that signing the final piece of their defensive jigsaw is unlikely to come cheap. Gvardiol is valued at close to £80m by Leipzig, who feel under no pressure to sell the Croatian international this summer amid interest from Chelsea. Torres is thought to be available for around £45m but still, in that price region, Spurs would prefer to sign Bastoni. Davinson Sanchez could be on the way out of the club this summer while Tottenham will also entertain offers for Joe Rodon.