BBC weather presenter Carol Kirkwood predicted Britain's scorching temperatures hights to rapidly "breakdown" leading to thundery showers across large swathes of the United Kingdom. The wet weather front is due to arrive overnight on Thursday from the northwest while southern England and Wales bake in searing heat. Ms Kirkwood told BBC Breakfast: "Today certainly weatherwise it is hot it is sunny and it is going to turn increasingly humid as well. "This is all going to break down though as we head into the weekend. 'There will be a thundery breakdown and it will turn much cooler. "So what we have this morning is a lot of sunshine across England and Wales." She added: "Also across eastern and central parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland. "The northwest of Scotland and Northern Ireland seeing more cloud, and that cloud will build as we go through the course of the day. "We will also see some rain, especially in the north and the west. "Temperatures today, well we are looking at 14 in the far north of Scotland to 28 in the far south of England." The BBC presenter continued: "Now as we go on through the evening and overnight we have heavier rain coming in through Northern Ireland. "The breeze is going to pick up as well. "For England and for Wales come clear skies but by the end of the night, we will have low cloud lapping on shore across Cornwall and also Wales. "So as a result of all this it is not going to be a cold night. DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice's scene-stealing entrance at Royal Ascot Russia’s high-profile defector hoping to defeat Putin- ‘I could not'‘Toothless’ Govt blasted over failure to implement Rwanda policy "Tomorrow then we start off with the rain in Scotland and Northern Ireland. "Eventually that gets into Nothern England and north-west Wales as a weakening feature. "Behind it, things will brighten up with sunshine, a few showers in the north. "But for England and Wales away from the north it is going to be hot, it is going to be sunny and it is going to be humid, temperatures well into the high twenties."