From Wednesday, June 15, most new homes and buildings in England will be required to install electric vehicle charging points. Any new building developments with associated parking must have access to electric car charge points, in a change to building regulations. It is hoped the new measures will see up to 145,000 charging points installed across the country each year. The Building Regulations 2010 state: “This approved document takes effect on 15 June 2022 for use in England. "It does not apply to work subject to a building notice, full plans application or initial notice submitted before that date, provided the work is started on site before 15 June 2023.” Any building undergoing large-scale renovations which leaves them with over 10 parking spaces will be required to install electric vehicle charge points. READ MORE: Cyclist only gets a warning after jumping a red light The Government’s Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS) was changed in April, turning into the EV chargepoint grant. This grant provides funding of up to 75 percent towards the cost of installing electric vehicle smart chargepoints at domestic properties across the UK. This is only open to homeowners who live in flats and people in rental accommodation including flats and single-let properties. Charlie Cook, Founder and CEO of Rightcharge, questioned how the rollout of the new legislation would take place and whether it would be beneficial immediately. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to use 'key trick' to save money on fuel [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel [REVEALED]Most drivers don't know basic Highway Code rules - risk of fines [SHOCKING] Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “June’s legislation ensuring that all new buildings will have an electric vehicle charger built into them is a positive step towards encouraging more EV adoption. “However, there is a risk that if a one size fits all approach is adopted then many of these chargers may need to be replaced when the occupant moves in. "Choosing the right EV charger is dependent on many aspects such as how the home generates power, the energy tariff the occupant is on, the number of EVs at the household as well as other factors such as budget and personal tastes.” There is an expectation from many within the automotive industry that the new rules will lead to more homeowners investing in EV-friendly tariffs. This allows the EV driver to charge the car during off-peak hours, potentially making savings of hundreds of pounds every year. This is something Mr Cook acknowledged, referring to the household bill price hikes that were introduced in April, saying the savings can make a “real difference”. He added: “I hope that when the solution that is implemented it considers these factors. “For example, homeowners that buy off-plan could be given the option of choosing their own EV charger, in the same way that they often choose appliances such as washing machines before they move in.” Further plans have also been unveiled to expand the UK-wide charging network to reach 300,000 EV chargepoints by 2030. The Government’s £1.6billion investment through the Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Strategy outlined how charging in the UK would be improved. Under new proposals, rapid charging networks for electric vehicles will need to have a 99 percent reliability rate. This is expected to be introduced later this year as the Government makes changes to make EV charging more reliable in all facets of the industry. According to ZapMap, there are 32,312 charging points across the UK, across 19,945 charging locations. This represents a 32 percent increase in the number of charging devices since May 2021. This does not take into account charge points installed at home or at workplaces, which are believed to exceed 400,000. That number will grow further once the EV home charger law is introduced later this month.