Princess Charlotte took the centre stage during a royal visit carried out by the Duke of Cambridge on Wednesday - despite not being there. Prince William took part in a training session of players of England's football team as he visited St George's Park in Burton-upon-Trent on Wednesday. The team presented him with football kits for his three children Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis and Prince George and posed together holding the shirts. After receiving the presents, the Duke relayed a message to the team from his seven-year-old daughter. He said: "Charlotte wants me to tell you she's really good in goal...a budding star for the future!" Stressing it was his daughter who wanted to inform the players of her skills, William added: "She said, 'Please can you tell them that', and I said 'Okay I'll tell them'." Princess Charlotte was spotted playing football with her elder brother Prince George during a family outing in 2019, when royals gathered for a charity polo match. In October that year, she joined her parents and George at Carrow Road to watch a Norwich City v Aston Villa match. In May, royal commentator Jennie Bond claimed the child is "quite sporty" like her mother Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. She told OK! magazine: "She’s not an overly girlie girl. READ MORE: Royal Family must work to preserve ‘magic of monarchy’ "She’s quite full-on – she’ll give her brother George a run for his money on the football pitch and she’s quite sporty in general, like her mother." Prince George is known to be a major football fan, a passion his parents helped him nurture by taking him to the Wembley Stadium twice during last year's EURO 2020 tournament. Speaking about his son and heir with captain Leah Williamson, William said the eight-year-old boy is playing for the local football team. William added: "He gets very competitive." William, who is the President of the FA, is also an avid football fan and is known to cheer for Villa. While on the training grounds, he even showed off his skills and kicked a penalty. Before having a go on the pitch, the Duke said referring to the football: "This could go anywhere!" During his visit, the Duke learned more about the team training and preparation ahead of the EURO tournament, beginning on July 6. William's latest engagement came just a few days after he and Kate delighted the country by stepping out of their home with their children on multiple occasions during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. On June 2, Charlotte, George and Louis made their debut in a carriage procession ahead of the Trooping the Colour parade. They later joined their parents, the Queen and other working royals on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the RAF flypast. On June 4, Charlotte and George carried out their first official visit to Wales, as they headed to Cardiff Castle to meet staff and performers at the local Jubilee concert. Hours later, the two children joined their parents and other royals to watch the Party at the Palace concert. And on the last day of the extended bank holiday weekend, William, Kate and their three children returned to the royal box to watch the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Together, they then stepped onto the Palace balcony one more time as the Queen delighted royal fans and well-wishers with a surprise appearance.