The average price of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts reached a new record of 183.2p on Thursday, according to data firm Experian, representing an increase of 7.3p in the space of just seven days. Filling up a typical 55-litre family car will now set Britons back over £100 for the first time, as of last Wednesday. The “crippling” prices have driven the AA to urge drivers to walk in order to save money, adding that a fifth of their members was already doing so. AA president Edmund King said: "This is the worst week of pump pain so far for drivers. "We would urge drivers at the moment to cut out shorter car journeys if they are able to do so, and walk or cycle to save money. "Almost one-fifth of AA members are already doing this.  "But by changing your driving style you can also save up to 15 percent on fuel costs. "These crippling fuel costs are hitting home so drivers need to take all the steps they can to stay mobile." The AA went on to claim high streets were losing out on £23million a day in potential consumer spending, as that is the estimated extra amount drivers are spending on petrol compared with this time last year. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said it is "becoming clearer by the day that the Government must take further action to reduce the enormous financial burden on drivers". He accused the Government of being "fixated on ensuring retailers are passing on March's 5p duty cut fully", claiming this is "ignoring the fact that wholesale costs of fuel have absolutely rocketed since then".  He added: "A temporary cut in VAT on fuel, or a deeper duty cut, are surely what is needed now." Boris Johnson is facing further dissent from his party as top Tories pile on the pressure to slash fuel duty again. Chancellor Rishi Sunak cut it by 5p three months ago, but the cut was widely regarded as wholly insufficient to help average drivers deal with the soaring costs. Schools minister Robin Walker said there was a “strong case” to cut it again, after the first cut had already been “more than outweighed”. Asked about the issue on Thursday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "We made a cut already... the biggest cut ever in fuel duty. "What I want to see is those cuts in taxation not just swallowed up in one gulp, without touching the gullet of the fuel companies, I want to see those cuts having an impact on the pumps. READ MORE: Fuel price: London petrol station charges soaring £2.50 per litre [REVEAL] "And we are watching very closely to see what happens." He added: “The Chancellor will continue to have to look at all the tools in his disposal to try and keep these costs down.” Former Cabinet minister John Redwood tweeted: “Lots of support for an urgent cut in VAT on petrol and diesel. “The Chancellor needs to limit the amount he plunders from us at the pumps. "How much more inflation does he want? How big a squeeze on incomes?” Last night No 10 said: “We’ll continue to do everything we can to try to support households through what is a very difficult time for many people. “The Chancellor and the Treasury will keep taxes under review.”