The Prince of Wales, who is very involved in charity work which includes planting trees around the country, wishes every tree he plants good luck, according to Royal photographer Tim Rooke. This isn’t the first time the Prince’s quirky gardening habits have been in the spotlight. In 2020, Clarence House reported that the Prince of Wales would give the branches of trees he planted a “friendly shake” to wish it well. Mr Rooke, a Royal photographer for Rex by Shutterstock, opened up about the Prince’s gardening in an interview with Vanity Fair. He said: “The Prince of Wales has quite the way of planting trees. “Every time he gets a new member of staff, we tell them what he’s going to do, and they say ‘oh no, he won’t do that.’” Staff are then surprised when the Prince says “good luck tree” once he has planted it, according to Mr Rooke. The Prince is quite involved in the Queen’s Green Canopy, which is an initiative that encouraged people to “plant a tree” in honour of Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee earlier this month.  In May, the Prince unveiled 70 ancient woodlands and 70 ancient trees dedicated to his mother to mark the occasion. It comes after a 2020 revelation on the Clarence House Instagram read: "Did you know that after HRH plants a tree, he often gives a branch a friendly shake to wish it well?" Prince Charles, at the time, said: “As someone with a passion for planting trees, I can only encourage you all to get planting for Britain.” Mr Rooke also opened up about other “human” moments he observed while photographing The Royal Family, including a heart-warming moment when Prince Louis was sitting in his grandfather’s lap. READ MORE: 'Have to accept!' Royals may be forced to create new Andrew role  He said: “I thought that was nice, because he’s just a granddad, isn’t he? “You sort of forget that these people are just normal… well, they’re not normal people obviously. But they’re people, with their grandchildren and their great-grandchildren.” Mr Rooke said his role as a Royal photographer was a mutually beneficial relationship with the Firm. He said: “We need to take pictures, and if we take good pictures - if they allow us to take good pictures - of their charity work, those pictures will get used in the newspapers and magazines, and that promotes the charity. DON'T MISS:Horror as picture of US fighters captured by Russian forces released [PICTURES]Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [LIVE]Police 'horrified' that drivers don't know what this road sign means [INSIGHT]  “If they were all grumpy all the time, then it wouldn’t really work. I think there’s an understanding that we all have a job to do.” Although the position was challenging, he expressed how happy he was with his work and said he hoped the Monarchy would carry on into the future. He joked: “The Monarchy will hopefully carry on, and not just for selfish reasons. "I probably got 15 years [of work] left, so I’m sure it will last longer than that.” 