Chelsea are keen to strengthen this summer and close the gap between themselves and this season's title contenders Liverpool and Manchester City. And it appears that they are looking in the same places at Manchester United for improvements. With Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen both leaving the club this summer, it is no surprise that Thomas Tuchel wants a central defender brought to Stamford Bridge. And CBS Golazo report that they are close to securing the signature of long-term target Jules Kounde. The Sevilla defender almost moved to the Blues in January but a deal never materialised, but now he looks set to make a £50million switch. But that isn’t where Chelsea’s summer spending spree will end under their new ownership, following the departure of Roman Abramovich recently. They also report that the club are also eying up Leeds midfielder Kalvin Phillips, who has been linked with United and Manchester City previously. And to add insult to injury for the Red Devils, they have also explored the possibility of signing Amadou Haidara of RB Leipzig previously. JUST IN: Newcastle ace with £58m release clause going nowhere The midfielder was heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford in January whilst Ralf Rangnick was at the helm of United. The pair worked together at Leipzig previously and the Malian was reportedly one of the interim manager’s top targets. If Chelsea were to land either of the aforementioned stars then it would be a major kick in the teeth for United given that it would widen the gulf in class between themselves and Tuchel’s side. Though new manager Erik ten Hag will certainly be prepared for all eventualities as he looks to shake up the dressing toom at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Tottenham 'agree £20m deal' to sign Djed Spence Chelsea’s move for Kounde appears to be more likely than ever this summer, despite Sevilla recently selling his centre-back partner Diego Carlos to Aston Villa. Sevilla chief Jose Maria Cruz de Andres told Sport Witness: “The case with Jules Koundé is very similar to the case of Diego Carlos. Not in the timing because we received offers for Jules Koundé in the last two seasons but always in the summer market. “We rejected it because we thought that this player can improve his performance. It was better to wait because the market at the time was depressing. We thought that waiting a while would [help us] obtain more money.”