Rafa Nadal survived a brief slip and then a slight slip-up. Then something akin to a capitulation. But after all of that, the Spaniard still managed to dust himself down and come from twice being a break down in the fourth set to beat Francisco Cerundolo 6-4, 6–3, 3-6, 6-4. “Even after 19 years it takes time to get used to grass and I have not set foot on grass for three years,” Nadal said. “Every day is a test and today was an important one. “At the beginning of the tournament in the circumstances I arrived, the victory is the important thing because it gives me a chance to practise more tomorrow befor the next round. “It is obvious when you play well in Roland Garros there are not many days. I used to practise at Queen’s, but my body does not allow it anymore and everybody knows I had to do things with my foot. “But the most important thing is that I am at Wimbledon 2022 and I won my first match.” Initially, the Australian and French Open champion was in an indefatigable mood as he withstood some enterprising ground strokes from his Argentinian opponent on a windswept Centre Court. JUST IN: Kyrgios launches furious 'snitch' rant at umpire in Wimbledon clash  But there was real concern from early in the third set just when it looked like he was coasting to an easy win. First, the 22-time grand slam champion ended up on his backside when he tried to turn too quickly. Gingerly picking himself up and dusting himself down, the 36-year-old initially seemed to bear no ill effect, breaking in the third game of the set. But errors began to creep into his game as the more sprightly 23-year-old, ranked 41 in the world, kept up the relentless pressure with his groundstrokes. In the first two sets, Cerundolo had struggled on the big points. The second set, for example, seemed to be heading towards a tie-break when, after an intense 26-shot rally, Cerundolo’s simple inside-out forehand drifted into the tramlines, then on break-point another deep shot just missed the corner. DON'T MISS  Now, though, the ball continued to land, and despite the Wimbledon crowd willing on its long-term hero, his own shots began to fly wide. Then Nadal seemed to find a new level and Cerundolo had nothing in the tank to respond with. Landing the winning shot with a roar and punch of the air, Nadal thanked the crowd he had clearly been leaning on. He sets up a second round clash with Ricardis Barankis, a 32-year-old Lithuanian ranked 106 in the world. And with Marin Cilic and Matteo Berrettini stripped from his half of the draw, Nadal may feels he needs an easier run than usual if he is to his bid to claim a calendar grand slam. But with Roger Federer absent and Novak Djokovic out of sorts, the combination of Spanish delight and SW19 adoration might just be enough for him to go all the way.