The news comes as NATO member leaders gather in Madrid for the alliance conference on the back of the G7 summit in Germany. With the war in Ukraine becoming ever more hostile, NATO members fear Russian rhetoric could cause the conflict to spill over into Europe, and with it, NATO territory. Mr Stoltenberg has encouraged NATO members to create new initiatives in weaning away from dependence on Russian energy, as well as making regular presentations of steps taken. The desire to seek cleaner alternative forms of energy coincided with NATO’s pledge to move to greener sources of energy. Prior to the conference, the Secretary-General warned the Russian invasion of Ukraine had sparked a “fundamental shift” in NATO’s defence strategy. Already, the alliance has pledged a 300,000 personnel will be made combat-ready to protect the eastern flanks bordering Russia. The alliance leader also raised concerns over the commitment of NATO member spending, with just nine of the 30 strong group meeting the minimum 2 percent of GDP fee suggested under regulations. Mr Stoltenberg warned: “To be able to defend in a more dangerous world we have to invest more in our defence.” Both Mr Stoltenberg and senior military leaders have likened the war in Ukraine to World War 2. The Secretary-General said: “Ukraine now faces a brutality which we haven’t seen in Europe since the Second World War.” Whilst the head of the British Army compared the situation to “a 1937 moment.” READ MORE:Do we have enough people willing to serve?' as NATO boosts forces The urgency of NATO’s role in collective security was highlighted last month when Finland and Sweden both applied to join the alliance, breaking decades of tradition of neutrality. Ukraine has repeatedly appealed to join the alliance, yet efforts have been blocked over fears of the bloc becoming embroiled in the war. In return, Russia has warned it would be forced to act if its "red lines" on Ukraine were crossed by NATO, saying Moscow would view the deployment of certain offensive missile capabilities on Ukrainian soil as a trigger. Warning of the action Russia would take, President Vladimir Putin said: "If some kind of strike systems appear on the territory of Ukraine, the flight time to Moscow will be 7-10 minutes, and five minutes in the case of a hypersonic weapon being deployed. Just imagine. “What are we to do in such a scenario? We will have to then create something similar in relation to those who threaten us in that way. And we can do that now.” DON'T MISS:UK troops can be boosted with Wallace's new £10bn war chest [REVEAL]Putin gets desperate and turns to 'Soviet-era' missile [REPORT]G7 leaders launch £488bn counter China initiative [INSIGHT] One expert believes the conference in Madrid is the only chance of agreeing on a plan of action to end the war in Ukraine. Jamie Shea, a former senior NATO official who is an associate at the Chatham House think tank, said the Madrid meeting, with national leaders present in the media glare, “is the moment of maximum pressure” for compromise. “It’s either at Madrid or it’s likely to go on for a long while.” Numerous attempts at diplomacy have failed in recent times, with both French President Emmanuel Macron and the German Chancellor returning from visits and calls to Moscow with no results. NATO members will remain in Madrid for the next two days to discuss the ongoing war in Ukraine. Furthermore, topics such as energy security in the Persian Gulf, China, Taiwan and global security will also be covered.