Her Majesty travelled to Scotland for a number of royal engagements as part of Holyrood week. Buckingham Palace had previously said that the Queen, who has been experiencing mobility issues in recent months, may not make the trip.  However, royal fans were left buzzing with delight on social media at footage of the sovereign getting off the train at Edinburgh without assistance. One Twitter user wrote: "What an amazing smile, Your Majesty." Another added: "Happy and glorious in Scotland." Another user chimed in: "Doesn't our Queen look marvellous?!"   A fourth commented: "Wonderful for the Queen to be in Edinburgh today looking as regal as ever. Well done, Your Majesty. Long may you reign over us." On Instagram, royal fans could barely contain their excitement. Instagram user georgetriantaris said: "The Queen looks wonderful. She must be pleased to be in Scotland." Meanwhile, sandrine_roux75 added: "She's amazing ! Look at her smile."  READ MORE: Meghan’s latest legal bid with sister fails  Another user, framboisine51, commented: "Despite the rain, really the Queen seems healthier, it is a great pleasure to see her like this." While juliecoopsuk chimed in: "HMQ looks amazing as does Sophie, looking forward to all the coverage." The Queen was in good spirits as she took part in the traditional Ceremony of the Keys with the Earl and Countess of Wessex. It took part on the forecourt of Holyroodhouse, the monarch's official residence in Scotland. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry begged not to do second interview [REVEAL] An American dream that turned into a nightmare [INSIGHT] Three cheers for the Queen!: she greets members of the armed forces [SPOTLIGHT]  During the ceremony the Queen was symbolically handed the keys of the Scottish capital by the Lord Provost. In keeping with tradition she then returned them entrusting the city's elected officials with their safekeeping. On Tuesday, the monarch attended an armed forces ceremony in the gardens of the Palace of Holyroodhouse. The event saw members of the armed forces parade in front of the Queen as part of the presentation for the key to Edinburgh Castle. 