When it comes to ketchup, there are two types of people; those that store the popular condiment in the fridge, and those who choose to keep a bottle of red sauce in the cupboard. But what is the right way to store ketchup? Sarah Taylor, Food and Drink Learning Development Manager at High Speed Training has revealed the answer. A recent YouGov Twitter poll showed that the country is split over ketchup’s location in the kitchen. Results revealed over half (53 percent) believe that it belongs in the fridge. Ketchup connoisseurs Heinz also sparked debate when they asked their Twitter followers where they kept their bottles. Sarah said: “Ketchup can be stored unopened in the cupboard, but like most things, it will remain fresher for longer in the fridge once opened. “Some people think that the acidic elements of the ketchup allow it to remain in a constant state of usability without needing refrigeration, which in part is true. READ MORE: How do you pour the perfect G&T? “However, to achieve the best quality out of the product, manufacturers do recommend a cooler environment after opening.” Another condiment which people decisively store in the fridge or cupboard is mayonnaise. “Mayo on the other hand doesn’t have the same level of controversy surrounding it,” Sarah commented. “All homemade mayo must absolutely be kept in the fridge due to the ingredients, such as egg, which will spoil at the wrong temperature. DON'T MISS...'Soggy suitcases!’ Luggage rolls of P&O Cruise liner into sea [LATEST]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE]Cleaning tips: Correct way to clean toilet limescale - avoid 2p trick [EXCLUSIVE] “Commercially produced mayo, however, will not spoil in the same way, but should still be refrigerated to maintain quality. ” Sriracha - the UK’s new favourite condiment - should be found in a cupboard. The expert explained: “With Sriracha now being the number one condiment of choice, Brits will be pleased to know that there’s no need to keep the sauce in your fridge as the ingredients in the product make it low-risk. “Instead, you’re advised to store Sriracha in a cool dry place to get the best taste.” Sarah also revealed the best places to store the nation’s favourite snacks - chocolate and crisps. “Although some people swear by it, you really shouldn't be keeping your chocolate in the fridge,” she said. “Chocolate can pick up the scent (and therefore, taste) of different foods in the fridge, which will most likely spoil your chocolate eating experience (who wants a chocolate bar that tastes like yesterday’s dinner?) “Instead, keep your chocolate in an airtight container where possible and at room temperature.” And what about crisps? Sarah commented: “Despite previous trending stories stating that crisps should be kept in the fridge, there’s no need for the extra effort as crisps store just fine in a sealed container at room temperature. “As long as you ensure that no air can get to the crisps, they should remain crispy and delicious, provided you eat them before the best before date.” The expert also imparted some crucial advice: “It’s interesting that Brits have such opposing views when it comes to food storage, as we know, storing food products in the correct and advised way will prolong their shelf life, so following the manufacturers’ advice is recommended. “Of course, certain products do include acids or chemicals that will prevent them from spoiling for a certain period of time, however, for certain products, it’s an absolute must that you follow their storage guidelines to ensure they remain edible, such as fresh dairy products which require refrigeration.”