The Duke and Duchess of Sussex received cheers from the crowd as they arrived at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday for the ceremony to commemorate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Meghan Markle, who was dressed in a white outfit and matching hat, joined her husband Prince Harry as they entered the church. However, the couple's relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in royal status. Harry and Meghan sat away from Prince Charles and Prince William in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Discussing the snub on GB News, Angela Levin blasted the royals as she told Alastair Stewart "He's no longer a working royal and actually they've bashed the Royal Family for so long," Angela raged. READ MORE: Paul Burrell issues stark Meghan and Harry warning "They've been so rude. It wasn't a case of moving on and leaving, it was a case of how they've done it. "It's been insulting in the extreme...accusations, lies. It was such a wrong thing to do the Oprah Winfrey [interview]. "I think even though the Queen might be forgiving because she loves him, he's her grandson. "Obviously she doesn't like what they've been doing and I feel the public are very much against him because of what he has done to the Queen." Angela pointed out that Prince Charles and the Queen need respect from Harry. "And not to give any respect and to lie about it and take advantage of things that he knew the Queen wouldn't like," she fumed. "I mean she doesn't like anybody using their royal status to make money and this is what they've been doing non-stop." "Have they misread it rather than anybody else misreading it?" the host chipped in. DON'T MISS...Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT]Levin blasts Meghan and Harry's Jubilee stint 'Help Netflix career' [VIDEO]Adil Ray laughs as he mocks Meghan Markle's Jubilee snub [REACTION] Former Homes Office Minister Norman Baker, who also made an appearance for the debate completely disagreed with Angela's views. "I think the Royal Family has applied a hierarchy to where people are sitting," he replied. "They are very fossilised in this way, everyone has a place in this structure and Harry and Megan have moved down the charts as it were because they are no longer working royals. "I think that is the explanation for the second row, I mean I don't think they have behaved entirely accurately and fairly. "I mean they have been slightly tacky with some stuff they have done." The guest went on to say he doesn't believe the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were snubbed at St Paul's as they received the royal treatment. Speaking about Harry's facial expressions as he walked into the cathedral, Angela pointed out: "If you look at Harry's face, I spent a year with him when I did his biography. "He wears his expressions and feelings on his face and he was furious." GB News airs weekdays from 6am.