Some of the troops involved had not been in combat before. The weather conditions were marginal. Would the airborne assault land in the right place? Would the tanks get ashore? Would the enemy be surprised? There were a million things that could and indeed did, go wrong. To delay meant waiting for weeks again for the tides and moon to be right. Not far from my home in Portsmouth, at Southwick House, General Dwight Eisenhower agonised over these decisions all the time consulting with his assembled staff. Montgomery, who would lead the assault forces, said go. Sir Bertram Ramsay, the naval commander in chief, said go. Air Chief Marshal Sir Trafford Leigh-Mallory, the air commander in chief, said go. Eisenhower stood up and began walking up and down the room. It was now up to him. Only he could make the decision. He kept pacing, hands clasped behind his back, chin on his chest and then he stopped. What he actually said is disputed, but Eisenhower looked up with all the tension in his face gone and said it was time to go. The rest is the sediment of media - the books, radio, TV, films, newspapers, all crushed down now into the bedrock of history. As soon as he gave the order, Eisenhower said he went from the most powerful man in history to being powerless. In truth, the generals are not where the power really lies in any endeavour because leaders are not just there to do something. Eisenhower was there because he was someone. He was trusted. He was flexible. He inspired confidence. You can’t ‘do’ any of these things. People followed his lead because of the values he instinctively embodied. In truth, Eisenhower never saw combat. He never held a battlefield command. But his team had confidence in him because he was competent as a leader. Confidence and competence are easily confused, but they are not the same. Confidence without competence is a dangerous combination, but Eisenhower also knew how to build a team. He had excellent planners and organisers, but he also had excellent improvisation. He’s famous for saying that “plans are useless, but planning is vital”, no wonder he went on to be a successful politician. Eisenhower embodied what has become known as Servant Leadership and it is defined by the Four ‘H’s of Happy, Humble, Honest and Hard-working. Before politics, Eisenhower had come from a poor background in Abilene, Texas. After politics, he retired to modest circumstances. He spent his time talking to his team at all levels. He recognised that sometimes the most important people are the most junior. That’s why he went to talk to the Airborne Regiments before they left. He wanted to see them himself. He later described them: “the light of battle was in their eyes”, he said. They were ready. Of course, there were many great leaders on D-Day and many of them were British like Major John Howard who led the assault on the Orne River bridge. The one thing they had in common though was a shared vision. They knew what they were trying to do. And they did it magnificently. Today is the day when we remember such leadership. It focused less on the leader and more on the ship.