On June 25, 2009, the world was shocked to hear of the death of the King of Pop. Michael Jackson was just 50-years-old when he suddenly died of a cardiac arrest, caused by a fatal combination of drugs administered by his personal doctor. Less then two weeks later, his public memorial service took place at the Staples Centre in Los Angeles before a private funeral in September, one attended by around 200 of Jackson’s closest friends and family. They included Dame Elizabeth Taylor, Home Alone star Macaulay Culkin and his ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley, the only child of Elvis. MJ was her second husband after Danny Keough and she was married to the King of Pop between 1994 and 1996. The music icon’s funeral involved his family arriving by a motorcade made up of 31 vehicles and his brothers Randy, Tito, Jermaine, Jackie and Marlon acted as pallbearers. Jackson’s gold-plated casket was carried into the service at Glendale’s Forest Lawn Memorial Park. It was here that Lisa Marie stuck around afterwards, wanting to have a private moment alone with her ex-husband’s body. Elvis’ daughter spoke openly about the touching moment during her 2010 interview with Oprah. The now 54-year-old revealed at the time that she was the last person ever to stand over Jackson’s body at the funeral. READ MORE: Michael Jackson's heartbreaking last words to ex-wife Lisa Marie Oprah asked Lisa Marie if she was able to make peace with Jackson as she stood over his casket. Pausing briefly, she replied: “No, I don't think I could make peace then. It was more like I wanted to apologise for not being around. Had I just said, 'How are you?' Can I try to make a phone call? I really did regret that I didn’t.” The star’s funeral cost $1 million, including $590,000 for the crypt in Forest Lawn’s Great Mausoleum. Today his remains are resting inside the Holly Terrace section of the building. DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley has ‘my first smile in two years’ with Elvis star [LISA MARIE]Lisa Marie's lifetime of 'disappointment' cured at Elvis premiere [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis movie: Lisa Marie 'heartbroken' son isn't alive to see tribute [LISA MARIE SON] The Great Mausoleum isn’t open to the public, but Jackson’s unmarked crypt is party visible from the tinted entrance windows. Visiting fans cover the star’s final resting place with flowers, which security guards put out in memory. Aside from Keough and Jackson, Lisa Marie has been married and divorced four times in total. Elvis’ daughter was also married to Nicolas Cage from 2002-2004 and to Michael Lockwood from 2006-2021. SOURCE