   Loose Women star Stacey Solomon reunited with her husband-to-be Joe Swash after the former EastEnders actor returned from his spirited stag do in Ibiza yesterday. Stacey recently broke her silence on whether she was “worried” about Joe after he was spotted chatting to an attractive blonde partygoer on the trip.      Stacey, 32, was all smiles as she welcomed her fiancé Joe back home after he had enjoyed his alcohol-fueled party holiday in Spain over the last few days. Sharing a video with her 5.3 million Instagram followers, Stacey showed Joe picking up and hugging their three-year-old son Rex and eight-month-old daughter Rose. Joe had landed back in the UK earlier in the morning, arriving back at home at 4am when everyone was still asleep. “Joe got back yesterday at 4am,” Stacey explained. “So we spent the day having cuddles. READ MORE: Kate Garraway admits 'change' in marriage to Derek    “Rex was sooooo excited!” she added. The former X Factor finalist then went on to joke: “And I caught up on all of the topless, wild girl talking antics.” Stacey broke her silence about whether she was “worried” about Joe going away after photographs obtained by The Sun showed Joe chatting to a blonde partygoer on a night out a few days ago. Stacey took to her Instagram to set things straight, stating: “So many of you are sending me really sweet messages saying, ‘I hope you are ok, don’t worry about the papers’.      “Honestly, I don’t worry about the papers. I haven’t believed them in years.” Laughing, Stacey continued: “Although I have got to admit, it is probably the funniest headline I’ve ever seen, ‘Exclusive: Joe Swash caught talking to a girl’. “I’d be more upset if they said, ‘Joe Swash caught ignoring everyone who talks to him’, honestly!” The Sort Your Life Out presenter joked that the incident made her realise that she is “in the wrong job” going “up and down the country organising people’s houses”. READ MORE... Novak Djokovic's sad confession about marriage to wife Jelena [LATEST] Victoria Beckham slams David over 'disciplined' diet comments [LATEST] Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive [NEWS]     She quipped: “I should be following Joe around with a camera, he talks to girls everywhere! “The school run, in Tesco, down the street. I could just be like click, click, click just making a fortune!” Joe embarked on his stag do last weekend with the likes of comedian Rob Beckett, EastEnders’ Dean Gaffney, and Stacey’s dad Dave on the guest list. During the holiday, Joe was seen chatting to a blonde beauty on a night out. Express.co.uk contacted a representative for Joe for comment at the time.      While Joe appears to be absolutely devoted to his partner Stacey, she did still express a few worries ahead of his trip. As Joe jetted off with the couple's wedding just weeks away, she told her followers: “Joe went really early this morning and I've just been on edge to be honest ever since. “I know he's not silly but you know when you just think 'Please don't do anything silly'. “My dad's a liability too,” Stacey added cheekily. “All of you have been saying oh don't worry your dad will look after him - he's the biggest liability of them all! I'm so nervous.” Joe and Stacey, who met during their time working on ITV’s I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!, are set to finally tie the knot on July 25.   