Robert Lewandowski’s former agent Cezary Kucharski believes that Real Madrid forward Karim Benzema is one of the leading factors behind the Polish striker’s push to join Barcelona this summer. The 33-year-old has just one year left on his Bayern Munich contract, but has openly asked to leave the German giant this summer and move to the Camp Nou. After 12 years in Germany it came as a surprise to many that Lewandowski was adamant in his desire to leave for Spain, but Kucharski has offered a theory as to why he wants to exit the club. "He wants to prove that he is better than Benzema, it's another reason [he wants] to go to Barcelona," Kucharski told Radio Ser. "Lewandowski has no dreams. For him, playing football is a job and he is very professional. Real Madrid and Barcelona are at the same level. "Barcelona and Lewandowski are going to fight for this signing. I think he's going to sign for Barcelona, I think it's possible." Bayern Munich are reportedly demanding a fee of around £50million to let their legendary striker leave this summer, despite his public pleas to leave the club. “I only want to leave Bayern,” Lewandowski said. “Loyalty and respect are more important than work. The best way is to find a solution together. Something has died in me, I want to leave Bayern for more emotions in my life.” READ MORE: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game Barcelona reportedly offered £30m plus add-ons for the forward, an offer deemed not good enough by Bayern Munich and director Hasan Salihamidzic has been firm that Lewandowski will remain in Germany unless the club receive an offer that meets their valuation of him. "Lewandowski staying? Until now it's 100 per cent,” he told Sky Germany. “July 12 is his first day at work, so I'm awaiting him. Meeting in Mallorca with Robert was very good. Each side explained their position, good one. READ MORE Raphinha makes transfer decision affecting Arsenal and Spurs after Barcelona agent meeting William Saliba's outlook on Arsenal talks as Mikel Arteta looks to fend off Marseille Newcastle willing to make 'monster offer' for Arsenal and Man Utd striker target  "Lewandowski situation to be fixed? It’s possible, I’m convinced. He's a professional, that’s why it’s fixable. Robert’s under contract until 2023. I wait for him on July 12, of course he’s welcome." Former Liverpool forward Sadio Mane was signed by Bayern Munich this summer and was thought to be Lewandowski’s replacement, but the duo could now play together if the club continue to turn down Barcelona. As the striker enters the twilight of his career, his former agent has also revealed where his future may lie beyond next season and he does not plan to end his career in Barcelona. "He has to put pressure on Bayern to release him from his contract," he added. "The Bayern officials know that he wanted to go to Spain. His plan was Germany, then Spain and to finish his career in the United States.”