Fast forward to 2022 and scientists say they have now developed a test capable of determining whether someone has monkeypox in under two hours. The test has been developed by Seegene, a South Korean diagnostics firm; the hope is this test will help countries track the spread of the virus and curb transmission. Monkeypox cases numbers are expected to rise this summer as populations mix at festivals and nightclubs around Europe and the UK. Although spread through the transmission of large droplets, monkeypox is predominantly spread through skin-on-skin touching. READ MORE: High blood pressure: 'Too little' of certain foods may contribute   Speaking about the outbreak, incident director of the UKHSA (United Kingdom Health Security Agency) Dr Sophia Makki said: “The monkeypox outbreak in the UK continues to grow, with over a thousand cases now confirmed nationwide. “We expect cases to continue to rise further in the coming days and weeks.” Dr Makki warned: “If you are attending large events over the summer or having sex with new partners, be alert to any monkeypox symptoms so you can get tested rapidly and help avoid passing the infection on.” The director of the UKHSA said while most of the cases were being reported in sexually active young men that anyone could get the disease.  Dr Makki added: “If you are concerned that you may have monkeypox, don’t go to events, meet with friends, or have sexual contact.” Symptoms of monkeypox to look out for include:• A rash• A high temperature• A headache• Muscle aches• Backache• Swollen glands• Shivering• Exhaustion. READ MORE: Blood Cancer UK says Government ‘needs to do more’ However, monkeypox isn’t the only viral threat to hit the UK in 2022, there are others. For the first time since 1984, Polio has been detected in the country in north London. The exact cause of the outbreak is not yet known, but health officials are concerned local transmission could lead to the mutation of the virus. Earlier this year, a mysterious form of hepatitis began affecting young children under the age of five in Scotland. Months on from this outbreak and cases have now been detected in over 30 countries. At the moment the cause of virus is not yet known; however, it is believed COVID-19 may have played a role.