Bathroom grout can become discoloured over time, particularly if it is not sealed correctly or you have previously used improper cleaning products to try and tackle a build-up of dirt. However, instead of reaching for chemical-based cleaners, there are some natural solutions that can do the job. In a Reddit forum, one user shared their experience of using nothing more than white vinegar to lift yellowing from their shower grout. The user explained: "Something I found that works really well is to take a paper towel, put it on the area to be cleaned, and spray white vinegar on it. "The vinegar will keep it adhered to the spot and in 30 minutes it will be sparkling clean." White vinegar is often touted for its multi-purpose cleaning uses around the home. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share easiest way to clean your mattress this summer This is due to its high levels of acetic acid, which can counteract soap scum, hard water brines and even sticky substances. However, according to experts from Grout Magnificent, you should only use white vinegar on your grout if you are sure it has been sealed correctly. The experts explain: "Unfortunately, vinegar penetrates unsealed grout by seeping into the air spaces within the material. "Once lodged in these spaces, vinegar will corrode grout with the passage of time. The grout will eventually wear off." For sealed grout, however, white vinegar can work to "get grout white again", according to experts from Molly Maid. The experts also recommend combining white vinegar with baking soda. DON'T MISSKate & William's move to Adelaide Cottage is 'a downsize' - see inside [PICTURES]Property buyers urged to 'act now' to move house by end of year [COMMENT]How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [EXPLAINER] Molly Maid said: "Simply pour vinegar from the bottle into the cap and pour it over the dirty grout lines." Next, allow the vinegar to sit for 10 to 15 minutes on your grout before scrubbing away with a small brush or old toothbrush. Finally, rinse the treated area with clean water and wipe dry with an old towel or rag. Make a paste from two parts of baking soda to one part water. Apply the paste to the affected area of your grout. An old toothbrush can help with this step. Next, fill a spray bottle with vinegar and spritz it onto the paste. Using your old toothbrush, scrub away the dirt. Finally, rinse away with clean water and pat dry with an old towel or rag.