Hay fever is usually worse between late March and September, especially when it's warm, humid and windy. Hay fever will last for weeks or months, unlike a cold, which usually goes away after one to two weeks.  BBC journalist Louis Lear said: “It will be a relatively mild start to Thursday morning with temperatures holding up to 10-12C. “The best of sunshine certainly across central and southern parts of England. We will see cloud and light patchy rain gathering in from the West. “That’s going to drift its way steadily eastwards. “So, eventually the sunshine being nibbled away with clouds.   “It will keep some light rain, some misty murky conditions along west facing coast. “The highest temperatures where we will see the best of the sunshines is 22C. “If you are a hay fever sufferer, the grass pollen now is reaching its peak. So, very high levels of pollen expected through the course of Thursday afternoon.” According to the Met Office, the unsettled theme is to continue for most later this week when the remnants of ex-tropical storm Alex, which brought heavy rain to southern Florida earlier on, tracks to the northwest of the UK and will bring with it some strong winds and showers. READ MORE: We compared breakfasts from Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Waitrose  Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Rebekah Sherwin said: “By the time the system that was Tropical Storm Alex gets near UK shores, it will have transitioned into a mature Atlantic low. “Although no longer a named storm, it will bring some unseasonably strong winds across the northern half of the UK – especially to the northwest on Friday and Saturday. “The track of the low-pressure system currently looks to be grazing the far northwest of the UK on Friday and Saturday and, although the details are still being worked out, winds are likely to reach around 45mph for many areas in the north of the UK, with a chance of some gusts in excess of 55mph in some exposed northwestern island and coastal areas.” Along with the wind, northwestern areas will see frequent showers on Friday and Saturday, some of which are likely to be heavy and thundery. DON'T MISS:Russia stole ‘600k tonnes of grain’ from occupied Ukraine territoryTwo captured Brits face ‘20 years in jail’ GB news: Jeremy Hunt ‘complete disaster’ if elected as PM Both wind and showers are expected to ease on Sunday. With the focus of both in the northwest, southern parts of the UK will stay mostly fine through the weekend, with sunny periods and lighter winds 