Emma Raducanu admitted she had not been getting the frozen yoghurt treat that carried her all the way to the US Open in September. Perhaps that’s why she lacked the crunch to stop herself from getting being absolutely “mullered” by Caroline Garcia.  The two-time grand slam winner double-faulted on the first point, but from then on barely put a foot wrong as she swept to a 6-3, 6-3 victory. She had said on the eve of the game that it was going to take “aggression” to take on the feisty Raducanu, and then got herself on the front foot right from the start. The 19-year-old Brit has plenty of counter punch and a bounce back off the ropes occasionally seemed possible when a thunderous groundstroke landed. But in the swirling wind of a Centre Court that struggled in all senses to ever get really warm, too often wild hooks missed their target and the scoreboard counted up relentlessly against her. Just 15 members of the Royal Box were there to welcome the new princess of British tennis onto what should be her sovereign soil. And unlike Andy Murray, Raducanu still has not learned to get the stately pile really working for her. A few “Come on Emma!”s generated a ripple of support almost as an afterthought, but Raducanu’s play was too hit and miss ever to build it into a crescendo. Garcia is nine years older and with far longer top 10 pedigree, albeit three years ago now, and simply looked more comfortable with her game plan. The British no. 1 is nothing but a fighter, though, and when Garcia broke early in the first set, she promptly broke back. It is just her French opponent was able to break again. Raducanu then held bravely and made her serve to win that opening set, but really that never looked to be any more than a formality. Forget Henman Hill, audible at times from beyond the Centre Court confines, Raducanu had a mountain to climb. Again, Garcia broke. Again, Raducanu broke back. Then in the seventh game, Raducanu saved two more break points, only to concede another with a double fault.  This time there was no reprieve. Still moving forward whenever possible, Garcia forced Raducanu to serve to save the match and at 0-30 down that did not look likely. Raducanu tried to stem the tide, but the match point could not be stopped and one final huge cross court backhand into the corner left the home hope rooted to the spot. In disbelief, it seemed, as much as anything. A tired wave as she left the court was greeted by a standing ovation but it is clear that US Open crown is a heavy one to wear if she is to hold court here more successfully in the future. 