Parking fees and emissions zones are causing tradespeople to put up their prices according to new research, and plumbers and electricians are asking to be able to park for free, believing in some cases they are acting as an emergency service. Some tradespeople questioned by Toolstation say they have even turned work down completely due to parking costs. According to Toolstation, 71 percent of tradespeople think they should be given parking exemptions and emergency parking spots when out on an emergency job. The research also showed that 80 percent of tradespeople have had to raise their prices because of spiralling parking costs and the price of fuel, reported Wales Online. In North London, Camden Council charges £41.39 for a trade permit to park during business hours. READ MORE: BMW and Mercedes owners warned of car theft as police issue appeal Combined with the £15 congestion charge, it means a full day’s work of eight hours could come to £56.39. In Edinburgh, the council charges up to £5.60 per hour to park a vehicle in a central location. It means parking for eight hours can result in a bill of £44.80. While in Bristol, tradespeople are charged up to £4 an hour, taking the cost of an eight hour working day to £32. A spokesperson from Toolstation said: “Tradespeople need to be able to get to their jobs quickly and carry their materials with them, so parking charges for carrying out emergency work and on longer jobs are another unnecessary cost for them to bear and could result in raised prices for their customers.” DON'T MISS Petrol and diesel price disparity nears 30p a litre in some areas [REVEAL] Drivers ditching petrol and diesel as second-hand car sales spike [INSIGHT]Petrol and diesel drivers warned of new Clean Air Zone plans [WARNING] Some 500 tradespeople were surveyed for the research and many commented in strong terms about the issue. One said: “If it is an emergency, it could cause serious property damage, or in some cases put life at risk. “Customers aren’t willing to pay for fines and these jobs are stressful enough without the threat of being towed away or facing a fee. “The last fine I faced was for an emergency call-out at a flat in Central London. “I was up to my knees in water in a basement flat and my van was towed away at 2:30am in the morning while I was working, despite being parked in a resident’s space. “The total it cost to get the van back was £380. I question whether it’s worth going out on these jobs. “I often get called out for major power faults within the home. With all the specialist tools and test equipment I need to find out the fault and carry out repairs, it's often a nightmare if the van is ten minutes away. “Delivery drivers often get exemptions but tradespeople do not. I have turned away work due to parking ticket costs.” It comes as police have asked the public to submit photos of selfish parking amid huge driving fine changes giving councils more power. West Midlands police officers have asked the public to submit photos of cars that have been selfishly parked. The request comes amid huge driving fine changes being introduced across the country giving local councils more power to punish motorists. Operation Park Safe was first launched by the West Midlands Police in 2018.