Mohamed Salah may well have scooped the Premier League's Golden Boot alongside Tottenham's Son Heung-min and find himself revered as one of English top-flight's greatest current players, but he's by no means the most valuable. That's according to the latest data produced by the CIES Football Observatory, who credit a staggering 33 Premier League stars as carrying a higher market value than the Liverpool icon.   The Egyptian ranks 81st on the organisation's list of most valuable assets in world football as the 29-year-old, who has one-year remaining on his current Liverpool contract, is understood to boast a worth in the region of £47million. Fresh from securing his Paris Saint-Germain stay with a mega-money three-year extension, Kylian Mbappe tops the transfer value table with the football analysts asserting that the French superstar is worth in excess of £176m - and he is joined in the Top 100 by 41 representatives from the Premier League. Remarkably, 33 of those are deemed more valuable than Premier League Player of the Season nominee Salah. Of those considered more costly than the Liverpool forward, Manchester City new-boy Erling Haaland tops the Premier League's offering with a reported worth of £131m, despite the fact Pep Guardiola's side landed the 21-year-old for a cut-price £51m. The Norwegian is joined by two future City team-mates and one of Salah's current Liverpool colleagues in the Top 10, with Phil Foden (£106) ranked fifth, Luis Diaz (£94.3) eighth and Ruben Dias (£94m) ninth on the transfer valuation list. In fact, the trio are three of a whopping 13 City players considered to boast a greater worth than Salah. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told not to axe Cristiano Ronaldo as Portugal ace dazzles again  Joao Cancelo, Bernardo Silva, Aymeric Laporte, Rodri, Ederson, John Stones, Jack Grealish, Raheem Sterling, Kevin De Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus are the other 10. Interestingly, the 30-year-old De Bruyne, who recently pipped Salah to the Premier League Player of the Season prize, is the oldest player to feature in the Top 100 list. Elsewhere, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Diogo Jota and Alisson are the three other Liverpool players, alongside the aforementioned Diaz, who are considered more valuable than Anfield star man Salah. Manchester United's Jadon Sancho is ranked the fifth highest of all Premier League-based players in the standings with an estimated worth of £88m, and he's joined by Red Devils' team-mates Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood and Scott McTominay above the Reds' winger. Five Chelsea stars, in Mason Mount, Kai Havertz, Reece James, Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner, also rank above Salah, as do Arsenal trio Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith-Rowe and Martin Odegaard. The Gunners' North London rivals Tottenham additionally possess three players who CIES consider more valuable than Salah, though fellow Golden Boot winner Son doesn't make the cut. READ MORE Liverpool looking to wreck Man Utd transfer plans as they 'join race' for two targetsSadio Mane theory posed as Mohamed Salah blamed for Liverpool star wanting to leaveLiverpool 'respond' as Bayern Munich submit opening Sadio Mane transfer bid  Captain Harry Kane, January signing Dejan Kulusevski and Argentine defender Cristian Romero are the trio in question. Meanwhile, in-demand West Ham midfielder Declan Rice is the only player outside of the Premier League's so-called 'Big Six' to rank above the Reds' talisman, understood to boast an estimated worth of £64.4m - a figure far inferior to the one often associated with the 23-year-old. With one year left on his current Liverpool deal and contract talks continuing to stall, it remains to be seen if the Reds will choose to cash in on Salah this summer, while they still can. The CIES Football Observatory's full estimated transfer value table can be found here.  