Mohamed Salah may have angered Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp after ignoring the club's request to get his injury checked out before Egypt's clash with Guinea on Sunday. To make matters worse, the flying winger played on through the pain and put in a full 90 minutes, contrary to the advice of the Reds' medical staff. Salah was rushed back from a groin injury to compete in the Champions League final at the end of last month. Still far from fresh, he was whisked straight off to join up with Egypt and begin their Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign. Liverpool wanted Salah to undergo a scan on his injury before facing Guinea on Sunday. But Egypt boss Ehab Galal claims that the 29-year-old 'rejected' the club's request and captained the side to a 1-0 victory. "We preferred not to change the way we play to maintain the adaptability," said Galal. "I thank the players for what they have done. The team was doing well in the last period; therefore, I said I wouldn’t change the way of playing or the first-team squad. JUST IN: Liverpool set to open bidding for Scottish wonderkid who could be the next Andy Robertson "We’re definitely going to improve. I’m originally a football fan and I agree with the fans’ desire to watch entertaining football. Salah was suffering from an injury and played through it. He rejected Liverpool’s request for an X-ray before the game and will now undergo it." Klopp is known to be protective of his players while out on international duty. The German has previously had skirmishes with Gareth Southgate over choosing not to call up Joe Gomez, which drew a confused response from the England boss. Whether Salah features in Egypt's next two matches against Ethiopia and South Korea remains to be seen. Klopp undoubtedly fears that aggravating the issue could impact the forward's prospects of banking a full pre-season. DON'T MISS...Gareth Southgate says Bayern Munich stars created Jamal Musiala issue for EnglandBayern may have shot themselves in foot with bid for Liverpool's Sadio ManeChelsea 'rejected' by Antonio Rudiger replacement they could've signed on a free Salah's camp are already at odds with Liverpool over the player's contract situation. Having become arguably the Reds' star name since signing in 2017, Salah is now down to the final year of his contract, and his agent publicly laughed off claims that the club had done everything they could to meet his demands. The circumstances leave Liverpool exposed to the risk of losing him for free next summer. Salah has, at least, stated that he will 'for sure' remain on Merseyside next season, which will give the Reds another crack at tying him down to renewed terms. Salah's partner in crime, Sadio Mane, is seemingly ready to call it quits after defeat in the Champions League final to Real Madrid. Bayern Munich's opening £21million offer was unsurprisingly rejected, but they are expected to come back for a second bite at the cherry. His exit would leave Klopp with huge boots to fill, and he could have an even bigger problem if Salah's injury woes hamper his preparations for the new season. 