Jacquie Beltrao, 57, took to Twitter and explained she was back in the hospital to undergo a pet scan today. It comes after the Sky News correspondent was diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time two years ago. The TV reporter revealed in June 2020 that she was facing a second battle with the disease after doctors first diagnosed her with breast cancer in 2013. While Jacquie has previously shared that she is not fully cured, the on-screen star was given the all-clear during a scan last year. The broadcaster has since returned to the hospital today as she addressed her 93,000 followers. Sharing a clip, Jacquie's hand was in the frame as medical staff placed a drip onto her. READ MORE: Piers Morgan and wife Celia in rare appearance at Ascot She wrote: "So now the ‘kryptonite’ has finally arrived I’m now radioactive just waiting for an hour until I can be scanned #hangry like you wouldn’t believe [fuming emoji] (6.5 hours late) #petscan." Her followers swiftly commented underneath the post, as they offered their kind words to the presenter. Twitter user, @deb wrote: "Wow, I can’t imagine how you feel. Hope it doesn’t take too long and then you can get home?"  @jeanbishton penned: "Oh poor you Jacquie, hang in there, lovely lady." @Laura commented: "Thinking of you Jacquie." @LynetteJones remarked: "You’re a warrior." "Know it’s pain but at least you're being sorted now," @johnbull added. DON'T MISS... Noel Gallagher slams 'f***ing royalists' getting day off work[LATEST]Amanda Holden sets pulses racing as she goes braless and flashes legs[PICTURES]Piers Morgan and wife Celia in rare appearance at Ascot[TWITTER] In an earlier post, Jacquie admitted she was feeling apprehensive ahead of her scan. Sharing a selfie, the reporter held an empty bottle of water as she explained the scan machine had broken down. She sported a yellow vest top as she wrapped her blonde tresses into a top knot bun. Jacquie wrote alongside the photo: "Waiting for the engineer to fix the scanner. "Not what you need on scan day. Nervous enough as is." Her followers rallied around the journalist, as broadcaster Dawn Neesom said: "Good luck lovely." Susan Hall commented: "Hope all goes well Jacquie." Ian Rich added: "All the best."  