Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) was left devastated when her friend and Emmerdale newcomer, Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough), cut her off from the dealers who were supplying them with cocaine. Although Vanessa Woodfield's (Michelle Harwick) girlfriend wants a calmer life, Leyla wants to continue taking drugs and naïvely thinks her family won't notice. However, in next week's episodes of the ITV soap, her addiction gets out of control and with Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) becoming concerned about her, it seems she could be taking her habit to the extreme. The drama continues as Leyla manages to get in contact with a dealer, who supplies her with the cocaine she needs to get through the day. Having taken a line of drugs before breakfast, it seems she is unable to keep control of her body's reflexes to the substances running through her system. Knowing his wife has been struggling with finding some energy recently, Liam's suspicions are raised when Leyla is so alert. However, the high doesn't last for too long and as she is beginning her interview with a journalist, she starts to feel unwell. Suzy, who has to become concerned by her friend's behaviour, is horrified to discover cocaine in her bag and doesn't hold back in letting Leyla know what she thinks. READ MORE: Where are the original cast of Midsomer Murders now? Ripping into the businesswoman, Suzy explains how dangerous it is to buy these types of drugs from an unknown dealer. The newcomer delivers a few more home truths to her friend before storming out of the Take A Vow office, leaving Leyla with a bag of cocaine. With Leyla in no fit state to do anything, let alone take drugs, she ends up washing the rest of the substances down the sink. As she adopts a new mindset after a good talking to from Suzy, Leyla decides this is the time for her to make a fresh start and put her partying days behind her. However, the change will not happen immediately as in later scenes, she is struggling to hold it together around her loved ones. When her son Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) turns up at her home wanting to talk university plans, she is extremely ropey. The beloved villager tries to act normal but her medical professional of a husband is not convinced by her poker face. He clearly knows something is up as his wife doesn't look well at all but he puts it down to Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Liam believes everything he and his wife had to endure at the hands of Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) has caused Leyla some deep trauma. Even though he is concerned about her, he lets her go to Take A Vow where everyone is in high spirits following the success of the magazine campaign. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Marlon Dingle pens sweet goodbye to colleague [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Ash Palmisciano pays tribute to ‘role model’ late mum [COMMENT] Leyla continues to feel extremely queasy and it's clear she is not coping with what the drugs have been doing to her. It could be the amount of cocaine she has been taking is starting to have an impact on her body and her organs are starting to shut down. With only Suzy aware of her drug habit, most of the village would rule it out as the character having an off day and she should go home and rest. Unfortunately, this is where Leyla could collapse as she is unable to keep up the pretence any longer. As no one is home to help her, the beloved villager could die at home and it could be Liam who discovers her body when he returns home. When the investigation begins into Leyla's death, Liam will want answers, unaware his wife's drug habit was what caused her exit from the show. Suzy would be feeling immense guilt as she would feel responsible for getting the deceased hooked on the drugs in the first place. Not wanting to harbour any more secrets, the newcomer could explain to Liam what really happened to his other half. He would refuse to believe it at first but toxicology reports could confirm Leyla had traces of cocaine in her system from the other day. Furious, he would want Suzy to tell him the whole truth but will he blame her for his wife's death or will he rule it as an unfortunate accident? It's been teased already this latest storyline is going to be a difficult one for Leyla and her loved ones in the village. The actress who plays Leyla, Roxy, has spoken about how she thought her secret would never come out but Suzy's arrival in the village messed everything up. Roxy explained: "It’s almost like your mistress and your wife being in the same room. "With the proximity of Suzy she feels she’s closer to being caught or exposed, whereas when what she did with Suzy was safely tucked away and separate she could compartmentalise that. "But with Suzy being in her home, in her local, sat talking to her husband, she feels she’s going to be less able to do that," she continued but will her death be the moment everything is revealed? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.