Carrying their smartphones in their hands as guns slung over their shoulders, the frontline soldiers saw a heroic performance of the Ukrainian football players. With their country enshrouded in trauma amid the ongoing war with Russia, a team hauled together shone brightly at a sun-drenched Hampden.  Andriy Yarmolenko and Roman Yaremchuk struck either side of half-time, before Callum McGregor gave Scotland hope late on. But Artem Dovbyk sealed a Qatar 2022 showdown in Cardiff on Sunday with the last kick of the ball. While images of fans watching on in war-torn Ukraine circulated, 3,500 fans bedecked in light blue and yellow - including 65 orphans invited by the Scottish FA - celebrated wildly in Glasgow on a night none will forget. Ukraine’s spirited 3-1 victory, propelling the wartorn nation a step closer towards World Cup glory, was no doubt a boost to battlefield morale.  After the win Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky sent the team a message: “There are times when you don’t need a lot of words! Just pride! I just thank you guys! Two hours of happiness that we are not used to.” The rare moment of good news buoyed spirits across the wartorn nation on Thursday. Ukraine have progressed from a World Cup qualifying play-off tie for the first time at the fifth attempt, after failing in 1997, 2001, 2009 and 2013. Russian forces have been intensifying attacks around the eastern city of Severodonets on the 99th day of Moscow's invasion. READ MORE: Spain holiday chaos: 'Total collapse' of passport control in Majorca The last major centre held by Ukraine in the Donbas region is under attack from “from all directions”, Luhansk Governor Serhiy Haidai said, adding that intense street-to-street fighting in the city had hampered evacuations. Some 15,000 civilians reportedly remain trapped there. UK defence officials say Russia has seized most of Severodonetsk and are making “steady local gains, enabled by a heavy concentration of artillery”. But Mr Haidai insisted that Ukrainian troops had been carrying out counter-attacks, “pushing back the enemy on some streets and taking several prisoners”. DON'T MISS: Dan Wootton fumes ‘not the day’ as guest questions Queen’s devotionUkraine LIVE: ‘Sending your soldiers to die!’ Putin faces mutinyOil prices fall nearly 2% amid speculation over Saudi Arabia Meanwhile, Scottish football fans joined in with the Ukrainian national anthem in a show of solidarity before the World Cup play off semi-final kicked off at Hampden Park. Ukrainian supporters were also applauded as they left after Scotland were beaten 3-1. 