Steven Bergwijn claims he was "hardly looked after" by Antonio Conte in the second half of last season and wants to leave Tottenham this summer. Bergwijn struggled for game time under Conte and now thinks the time is right for a move elsewhere. The Holland international memorably scored two goals in stoppage time to hand Spurs a dramatic late 3-2 win over Leicester in January. But he scored just one goal in the remaining four months of the campaign after falling down the pecking order in north London. Bergwijn joined Spurs from Ajax in January 2020 for a fee of around £25million. The Dutch side are linked with re-signing the 24-year-old winger. Bergwijn says he has not spoken to new Ajax boss Alfred Schreuder about a possible return. But he says his intention is to leave Tottenham and hit out at the treatment from his current manager Conte. READ MORE: Man Utd staff already have Ten Hag nickname after sending 'electricity' through club  Speaking to Dutch outlet AD, Bergwijn said: "Have I talked to Alfred Schreuder about my future? I'm at Oranje now and then we'll have a look. "It would be nice if there was clarity soon. I just have to go play. But I want to leave Spurs now, that's for sure. "Whether it is important that my new club plays in the Champions League? That's not even top priority. Though it would be nice. What's important is that I'm going to play. "I wasn't allowed to leave Spurs in the winter and then I didn't have any problems. The last few months I was hardly looked after there. Now I want to play somewhere weekly.” DON'T MISSChelsea target Declan Rice may be enticed by 'dream shirt number' at Stamford Bridge [TRANSFERS]Christian Eriksen should seal Tottenham return due to Man Utd transfer warning [OPINION]Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Eriksen move, Dembele to Chelsea update, Sterling's showdown [BLOG]  Bergwijn is currently on international duty and scored in Holland's 4-1 Nations League win over Belgium on Friday. He has also spoken to ESPN to outline his desire to find a new club. He said: “It’s difficult for me. I play well at the National Team but when I return to the club people turn a blind eye to me. I need to find a solution, so I could leave.” Bergwijn was compared to legendary Dutch winger Arjen Robben by his national team manager Louis van Gaal after Friday's match. But he insists he has a long way to go to match the feats of Robben. Bergwijn said: "The comparison with Robben, I'm not there yet, I think. But I can get there, I feel that. Confidence does a lot to a player. I get that with Oranje.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here