UK summers are getting warmer, leaving many sleep deprived and feeling uncomfortable in their homes. Keeping a house cool can be expensive, with air conditioning costing a fortune. Luckily, there are other ways to help keep the home cool. Lynsey Crombie, also known as Queen of Clean on social media has shared top tips to keep your home cool this heatwave. Firstly, Lynsey recommended stepping away from the stove. She told Express.co.uk: “Step away from the stove and switch those heavy winter meals for summery salads and BBQs.” A stove can spread heat around the home which may be making homes hotter. The Queen of Clean also recommended avoiding hot showers and baths. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow The expert said: “The steam will linger and make your home feel hotter.” Opting for a cool shower can not only keep you cool, but also the home. Opening windows that aren’t in direct sunlight can help to invite air in the home. Windows that are in direct sunlight will just let hot air through them. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer faces damp nightmare [VIDEO]Most expensive UK seaside towns named - where property is over £500k [INSIGHT] Another tip Lynsey recommended was to close blinds and curtains to keep bedrooms cooler. This can be done from early afternoon, when the day is at its hottest. Keeping curtains and blinds closed may also allow you to sleep better as the room will be cooler. If struggling to sleep at night, the Queen of Clean said to ditch the duvet. She added: “Ditch your thick duvet and go for a lower tog or just use a cotton sheet. “If you have a hot water bottle, switch it around for the summer months and fill with cold water and then pop in the freezer half an hour before bed.” Britons should also avoid charging their phones or devices next to their beds. According to Lynsey, this can radiate heat and make rooms feel warmer. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Many may also have fans running throughout the day and through the night. Lynsey shared a “strategic” fan hack which is placing them so they face the window. She said: “This way, they push the hot air out. “Also turn lights off, as they give off a little heat and just use natural light.” If fans and windows aren’t cooling the house down, Lynsey recommended opening a loft hatch, if you have one. The expert added: “Leave your loft hatch slightly open, heat rises, and will have another means of escape.” Lastly, houseplant owners could also move their plants to windows. Lynsey said: “Plants absorb some of the sun’s energy which could heat up your home.”