The drug in question is known as baricitinib. Also used to treat COVID-19, the drug works by blocking the immune system from attacking follicles, allowing hair to grow back. On Monday of this week, the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) made the decision to approve the drug for use in the treatment of alopecia. The decision follows several successful trials showing 40 percent of patients who took the drug had almost complete hair regrowth after 36 weeks. READ MORE: Hair loss: 'Hair-care' habits ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss Professor of Dermatology at the Yale School of Medicine Dr Brett King said: “People with alopecia, dermatologists, and other healthcare providers have been looking forward to this day when there is an FDA-approved systemic medicine for this often-devastating disease. “Alopecia causes unpredictable hair loss that can be patchy or complete, and it affects people of all ages and ethnicities.” On the FDA announcement, Dr King said: “I am so happy that adults with severe alopecia can now take a once-daily pill. “The results of clinical trials are remarkable.”  Meanwhile, Nicole Friedland of the National Alopecia Areata Foundation, added: “Alopecia patients face significant challenges every day including limited public knowledge about the disease, a lack of treatment options and social stigma. “The approval can spark hope for many patients and encourage new treatment conversations with their doctors.” The hope is the NHS and MHRA could follow the FDAs’ lead on baricitinib. Around 400,000 people in the UK currently live with alopecia. Hair loss is a common occurrence in many as they grow older. When it occurs in younger people, there is normally a cause. Examples include:• An illness• Stress• Cancer treatment• Weight loss• Iron deficiency. Of these, stress is one set to become a greater factor in the months ahead for thousands of families as the cost-of-living crisis worsens. The fear is, as a result of sustained periods of stress, many could find themselves more vulnerable to illness later this year. Studies have shown stress is bad for the body and can increase the rate of ageing. Subsequently, there are concerns in the NHS they could see a new wave of patients come the winter as a result of the cost-of-living crisis.