Tottenham Hotspur have agreed a £25million deal to sign Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma this summer, according to reports. Antonio Conte is closing in on his third signing of the transfer window and is targeting four more arrivals before Tottenham's pre-season tour begins in July. Bissouma is expected to undergo a medical this week ahead of his move to north London after Tottenham shook hands on a fee in the region of £25m with Brighton, The Times report. Spurs are understood to be confident that personal terms will be no issue as the 25-year-old looks set to become the club's third summer deal. Conte has already recruited Inter Milan winger Ivan Perisic and Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster on free transfers. And Spurs are also closing in on a £20m deal for highly-rated Middlesbrough right-back, Djed Spence. After Bissouma, Spence could be one of four more summer signings, totalling Conte's list of additions at seven. The Italian head coach is said to want two defenders, a creative midfielder and a forward before jetting off for a pre-season tour of South Korea in mid-July. JUST IN: Liverpool's third summer transfer 'close' as Reds to unveil two stars  Spence would be one of the arrivals, joined by a left-footed centre-back, with Alessandro Bastoni and Pau Torres on Conte's radar. Spurs are also 'quietly confident' of beating the competition to welcome Christian Eriksen back on a free transfer and want to sign Everton forward Richarlison. As several players enter the arrivals suite, plenty could depart as Conte chops and changes the squad he inherited from Nuno Espirito Santo in November. Emerson Royal, Sergio Reguilon, Tanguy Ndombele, Giovani Lo Celso and Steven Bergwijn are in the shop window. READ MORE: Man Utd made mistake eight years ago and could do it again this summer  Spurs have taken advantage of Bissouma entering the final 12 months of his Brighton contract to seal a cut-price deal for one of the Premier League's top ball-winning midfielders in recent seasons. Arsenal and Liverpool showed interest last summer, before Aston Villa failed with a January pursuit, but Spurs look to have won the race for his signature. The Mali international joined Brighton from Lille in 2018 in a transfer worth around £15m and will likely partner with Rodrigo Bentancur as central midfielders in Conte's system. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Oliver Skipp will challenge for places next season, while Harry Winks looks destined for a departure. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.