ADHD is a behavioural condition that can make people seem restless or behave impulsively. Symptoms of the condition tend to be spotted during childhood, according to the NHS. Blumenthal, however, had a late diagnosis. He told the Sydney Morning Herald in 2016: "I only found out about my ADHD a few months ago, but I wouldn't change me for the world, I love me. "I don't think I'm better than anyone else, but I love me … I wouldn't change me for the world. He says he first figured out he had the condition because of his sweaty head.  READ MORE: Diabetes: The anti-diabetic supplement shown to slash blood sugar levels by 36% in minutes “I have a very busy mind. I don’t know how busy anyone else’s mind is, but what led me to discover this was my sweaty head,” he told the Daily Mail back in 2017. “I could tell the temperature of a room within a degree depending on what my head was doing.” Sweating isn’t one of the main symptoms of ADHD although there are studies linking the attention issues as part of the condition to excessive sweating. Research from 2019 found that many people with primary hyperhidrosis, linked to excessive sweating, were likely to have attention deficit disorder.  DON'T MISSCancer: Popular hair tool contains 'cancer-causing chemicals' [ADVICE]Dementia: The sleep disorder associated with cognitive impairment [INSIGHT]Hair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits causing permanent hair loss [TIPS]  According to Blumenthal, he received hormonal tests and was given questions to determine if he had the condition. He said he obtained a “massive” score. “If you go to the gym and you do some work on your biceps they get big and pumped full of blood, right? So I thought, ‘My feet are cold, my head’s really getting sweaty, maybe that’s something to do with an active brain.’ “I went and saw someone who measured my hormones and asked me questions. If you score over 20 in the multiple-choice you are getting into ADHD territory. My score was like 57, 58. It was massive.” He added how he believed the diagnosis helped to explain some of his own distinctive behaviours – both positive and negative. The star experiences many typical ADHD symptoms, including organisation and memory issues. “I wouldn’t change it for the world but it’s made me realise things about my behaviour. Take my lateness. I don’t like being late, I don’t sit there going, ‘I don’t need to go yet.’ What happens is, I go, ‘We have to leave. I must get my phone. Oh, hang on, just let me send an email.’ "Then I start typing, and one letter reminds me of the beginning of another word completely. ‘Oh yes, the letter D. Oh my God, I need my duffel coat.’ I’ll go upstairs for it, then come down with a whole load of other things and now I can’t remember what I went up for. But I’ve found the watch I lost a year ago. And that’s how it happens.” He added: “It’s the same thing that enables me to have two computer screens with 20 pages on each and a notepad open on my desk, making connections that seem normal to me but when I speak to other people I see a response on their faces like they can’t believe it.” A review, published in Clinical Psychology Review in 2012, in fact, suggested that children with ADHD had significantly more issues with their working memory than people without the diagnosis. The main signs of the condition, according to the NHS, include having a short attention span and being distracted easily. People with ADHD may also appear unable to carry out instructions, and may have some of the following hyperactivity problems: