Currently, prescriptions cost £9.35 per item each in England, however there are 15 groups who qualify for help. Britons are urged to take advantage of this benefit if they qualify. The NHS has outlined 15 groups of people who do not have to pay the charge. Those with a qualifying illness should be sent a medical exemption certificate through the post by the NHS. This includes illnesses such as cancer, diabetes and epilepsy. Currently, older Britons get free NHS prescriptions when they turn 60, however there was a consultation on proposals to increase this to state pension age last year. This would mean a substantial shift, rising the free prescription age from its current level of 60 years old to 66 and rising.   READ MORE: Lloyds customer loses £690 to scammers after fraudster used 'matching' number to her bank For Universal Credit claimants, eligibility also depends on whether the claimant has responsibility for one or more children. Typically, applicants who earned £435 or less, or £935 if they have responsibility for a child, should be entitled to free prescriptions. People who get a valid NHS certificate for full help with health costs will not have to pay. This is known as HC2.If people have a low income, they may be eligible to receive financial help through the NHS Low Income Scheme. The scheme covers: Another group of people exempt from prescription charges are pregnant women, or those who have had a baby in the past 12 months - as long as they have a valid maternity exemption certificate. Many more medical conditions qualify - there’s a full list of qualifying medical conditions on the NHS website. Those who don't qualify for free prescriptions may be able to save money by buying a Pre-Payment Certificate (PPC). Britons can buy a PPC for three months or a year, no matter what their income may be. A certificate tends to save people money if they rely on two or more prescriptions per month. How much will an NHS Pre-Payment Certificate save on prescription costs? The NHS has pointed Britons towards a simple way to find out if they are eligible for free prescriptions or help with health costs. Their eligibility checker, available online, will provide people with the clarity they need on this.