Under the new plans, the BBC will be able to verify automatically whether a person applying for a free TV Licence is on Pension Credit. It'll mean, in most cases, the 7,000 people who apply to TV Licensing for a free licence each month can apply online or via telephone, without needing to supply extra paperwork. A television licence is needed to watch live programming as it is being broadcast in the UK. Currently, the cost of a licence fee comes to £159 per household but some people can get 100 percent off if they meet certain criteria. However, Pension Credit recipients need to be over 75 to receive this concession due to recent changes. In 2020, the BBC stopped giving free TV licences for all over-75s in a bid to save money following cuts. READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands  Despite this, over 75s on Pension Credit were the main group which were allowed to continue receiving free television licences. This particular DWP payment is a financial top-up for those who are of state pension age, which is currently 66. This payment boosts someone’s weekly income to £182.60 if they are single and joint weekly income to £278.70 if they have a significant other. An additional £69.40 per week is also available to those who a severe disability and claim a disability payment from the DWP.  People 75 or over who claim Pension Credit need to apply for a free TV licence as it’s not handed out automatically. Those interested in receiving an application form can reach out to TV Licensing by calling 0300 790 6151. On its website, Age UK urges those eligible for Pension Credit to apply for it as a free television licence could be available to them. The charity stated: “Since August 1, 2020, free TV licences for all people aged 75 and over came to an end. READ MORE: Triple lock reinstated: How much will you get in state pension boost? “Now you must be claiming Pension Credit. If you are not currently claiming it, you could check whether you might be eligible. “If you already have an existing free TV licence, don't worry. You'll receive a letter about what to do next and until then you don't have to do anything, as you'll still be covered.” Recently, the Government announced new measures would be laid out to assist those in claiming their free television licence more quickly. Nadine Dorries, the Government’s Digital Secretary, cited how Government changes will help “low-income pensioners” the most. Ms Dorries explained: “The BBC’s disappointing decision to stop providing free TV licences for all over-75s has left low-income pensioners who remain eligible jumping through administrative hoops to avoid paying the charge. “The changes mean those receiving Pension Credit will get the savings with minimum fuss, ensuring more people get the support they are entitled to as we tackle the cost of living and grow the economy.” Guy Opperman, the Government’s Minister for Pensions, noted that these changes will assist those on the DWP payment in getting “freebie” benefits faster. He said: “We want everyone to claim the benefits to which they are entitled, including Pension Credit which acts as a gateway for other benefits such as the free TV licence. “This change will help reduce the administrative burden on over-75s and put their minds at ease.”