Zoe Henry, who stars as Rhona Goskirk in Emmerdale, took to Twitter and reacted to a social media user who commented on her husband and fellow co-star Jeff Hordley. The Cain Dingle actor, who is a firm favourite on the ITV soap, was said to have been "accosted" by a fan an eyewitness suggested. The person in question explained their daughter had served the Emmerdale couple in a charity shop but was too nervous to ask for a picture or an autograph after the Yorkshire Dales star's previous encounter with a soap viewer. Taking to the micro-blogging site on May 31, @paula_astle wrote: "@ZoeHenry03 my daughter served you today in Oxfam bookshop, Skipton where she volunteers, said you were lovely. "Didn't want to ask for an autograph or pic as she said it looked like your husband Jeff had been accosted already by 'his biggest fan'." Zoe caught wind of the tweet as she took the opportunity to respond to the Emmerdale viewer. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry praised as royals urged to quit 'petty squabbles' The Rhona Goskirk actress admitted she recalled their brief meeting on June 1. In view of her 105,000 followers, Zoe replied: "It was so lovely to meet her. And I’m very pleased with my book!" Jeff, 51, tied the knot with Zoe, 48, in 2003 and the couple welcomed their daughter, Violet, in 2005 and three years later their son, Stan. In an unearthed chat, the Cain Dingle star revealed the real reason why he quit the soap back in 2006. The Emmerdale star was quizzed about his longstanding career and why he appeared to have gone on a television hiatus after not being on-screen for some years. It comes after the Cain Dingle actor had made the decision to leave Emmerdale 16 years ago. The dad-of-two shared that he wanted to explore other areas of his life before returning to television. Speaking on Mike Artistik's Ego Podcast last year, the Dales star admitted that he had his fair share of setbacks. DON'T MISS... Jennifer Lopez, 52, goes braless in eye-popping display[LATEST]Piers Morgan in tears as gun massacre speech reminds him of daughter[TV]Madonna's daughter Lourdes mimics mum with sultry pose in leotard[PICTURES] Jeff explained: "It's about knockbacks. You might have three auditions in a year and only get one of them. "The one that got away I could tell you about. The one that got pencilled in. You've almost got the job and then the programme doesn't go out." Host Mike asked: "Why was there a gap from 2000 and the time you came on to appear as Cain on Emmerdale?" Jeff explained: "From 2000 until 2006, I'd only been four years out of drama school. "I hadn't ticked all of the boxes that I wanted to tick. There were a couple of places where I wanted to work in London. "I wanted to fulfill those things. So for three years, I did that." Zoe returned to Coronation Street in 2007 where she starred as Casey Carswell on the ITV soap. Following Jeff's soap hiatus, he reprised his role as Cain Dingle on Emmerdale in 2009 with his wife returning to the Dales the following year. Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm.