Neymar has been told to join Newcastle if he leaves Paris Saint Germain, as rumours continue to circle over whether the Brazilian is appreciated in the French capital. Neymar was signed as the 'poster boy' of PSG when he left Barcelona in 2017, but has since been replaced by Kylian Mbappe as the central figure. Newcastle have been touted as a potential destination for Neymar as they are one of the only clubs that can afford the mega package associated with the Brazilian. Neymar remains the most expensive signing of all-time, as he was brought in by PSG as he stepped out of Lionel Messi's shadow, with the intention of becoming the main man elsewhere. Neymar's quality is undeniable, but he hasn't been able to deliver PSG the Champions League trophy that they have been looking for. PSG have since brought in Messi in a bid to change their fortunes, and Mbappe has managed to exceed both stars and become the face of the club. And Neymar has since been linked with a move away, and he's been given Newcastle as a potential option.  READ MORE: Calvert-Lewin sends message to Everton fans amid Arsenal rumours Due to his mammoth salary, there aren't many clubs that could even entertain a potential deal for Neymar. And because of this, Brazilian journalist Rodrigo Oliveira has told Calciomercato that he thinks Neymar only has two options in the summer. One of those options could be to move to Newcastle, as he said: "There will be problems between him and PSG. The player is not playing as expected and in Qatar, France, they don’t appreciate his behaviour, but the player earns a lot. DON'T MISSNewcastle have four targets Ashworth can make his first signingArsenal on red alert as Fabian makes Napoli contract decisionNewcastle 'ready club-record £50m bid' to beat Arsenal to Paqueta deal  "I’m sure Neymar wants to leave the Parisians, but I don’t know who can pay him. There are two options: Neymar stays at PSG and tries to show off; the other chance is to go to a club like Newcastle, able to afford the figures that gravitate around Neymar." Due to Newcastle becoming the richest club in the world, a deal is plausible, as is any transfer for the Saudi-backed Premier League outfit. And they are still yet to make that statement signing to send a message to the rest of Europe.  Fellow Brazilian Bruno Guimaraes has left his mark already since signing from Lyon in January, and Kieran Trippier has wowed the Newcastle faithful although injuries have hindered his entrance. But if Newcastle's owners are to take their five-year Premier League plan seriously, signing Neymar may not be totally illogical. Amanda Staveley, executive for the Saudi consortium that owns Newcastle, backed the club to be challenging for the Premier League title in 'five years'. And although it's a very optimistic prediction, the way Newcastle ended the season has worried some rivals.  Despite being rooted to the bottom of the Premier League towards the end of 2021, Newcastle almost finished in the top half, after a resurgent display under Eddie Howe. And the Newcastle boss is expected to be given a huge budget this summer to make more changes. It's the first summer transfer window under the new owners, and there could be plenty of business on Tyneside. But with no European football to contest with, they're relying purely on wage incentives rather than pedigree at this moment in time. 