Carl (played by Charlie Munro Joyce) is the son of Jimmy King (Nick Miles) and Juliette Holliday (Amelia Curtis) and he was at the centre of a huge storyline a couple of years ago on Emmerdale when his birth mother returned to take custody of him. Ultimately, he stayed with his father and Nicola (Nicola Wheeler), who he has come to see as his mother over the years. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, he could be forced to call his birth mother as he worries his stepmother is putting him in harm's way. The drama continues in next week's episodes as two weeks after she was attacked by a group of girls, Nicola is still feeling incredibly vulnerable. Nicola is shaken when she hears a knock at the door and sees a figure lurking outside, sending her into a state of panic. Luckily, it is her sister Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) and when the siblings come face to face, Nicola does her best to hide her terror. It seems Bernice has had an idea to distract her sister from her fears and asks her to pitch the Green Initiative to the council. Having worked on it together, she thinks it's only right that both of them take the glory rather than just one or the other. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen When Bernice finally leaves to go elsewhere, Nicola is left feeling lonelier than ever as she becomes scared of being on her own. Next up, Rodney Blackstock (Patrick Mower) comes to see his daughter and Nicola does her best to try and make him stay with her. Unfortunately, he too has to leave at some point and so the beloved character contacts her sister to ask her to come and help with the presentation again. With her fear of leaving the house and being alone sending her into a toxic cycle, the mother of three isn't expecting a huge responsibility to be put on her shoulders. It turns out she is the only one available to go and pick up Carl and his brother and sister from the school gates. Although she is not ready to go outside, Nicola puts on a brave face and walks out the front door towards the car as she needs to collect the children. As she walks away from her house, she is suddenly plagued with the thoughts of her attack and how traumatic it was for her. Already sat in the car at this point, she slams on the accelerator and goes hurtling towards David Metcalfe's (Matthew Wolfenden) van. It's not long before the shopkeeper is having a go at Nicola and unable to take in what he's saying, she rushes back indoors. She ends up bolting the door, but this doesn't stop David from banging on her door and asking for insurance details to make a claim. DON'T MISS...Danny Miller unveils new role after quitting Emmerdale for ‘new path’ [COMMENT]Charley Webb fears getting into trouble as she teases new role [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker wows fans in eye-popping display [PICTURES] By the time it comes to the next day, Carl is poorly and Nicola plays on this to her advantage. Although he states he is ok to go to school, his stepmother keeps him off as she doesn't want to be in the house alone. Sending her other children to school, she makes Carl spend the day with her, but he is unconvinced this is conventional. This could lead him to make a call to Juliette, who told him before she left the village last year that if anything were to happen, he should phone her. Carl could explain how unsafe he feels as Nicola begins to act erratically and for his birth mother, this would be just the ammunition she needs to get custody of her son.  This would be a huge turnaround from the last time she saw her son when she told Jimmy and Nicola she didn't want Carl anymore because she was struggling with motherhood. However, this could have been part of a bigger plan to make it seem she didn't care so that when Carl called her, she could jump in and save the day. As she goes head to head with her son's parents once more, will she come out on top or will she have failed yet again if the courts realise Nicola was suffering from the impact of her attack? Will she finally be able to get her hands on her son and take him to New York, meaning he'll leave the village for good? The actress who plays Nicola has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media about this moment in the storyline when Carl becomes scared of his stepmother. Nicola explained: "A stroke of luck comes for Nicola when Carl gets ill. He gets a 24-hour tummy bug." "But then she latches on to Carl as he becomes her security blanket in such that if he's in the house, Nicola will be ok," she continued. "And she keeps him off school, even though he's feeling better and he wants to go to school. "I think he's got football, that's his reasoning but the way she sees it if there is someone else in the house with her, she might feel better. "Of course, we all know, it's not going to happen because the house isn't a safe haven to her, what she needs is help." Will this help come as a result of Carl reaching out to Juliette? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.