 Prince Andrew, the Queen’s second son, has reportedly asked his mother to reinstate him as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards as part of the push to return to royal duties. The Duke of York has also allegedly been asking for his HRH status to be restored to allow him to attend official events once again.  A source told the Telegraph: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.” Andrew’s military titles and royal patronages were returned to the Queen in the face of the legal charge brought by Virginia Giuffre, who was trafficked by the late Jeffrey Epstein. The Queen has indicated she would like him to rebuild his public life following his US legal case over allegations of sexual assault which was settled out of court, claims he has always strongly denied. Her Majesty had permitted Andrew to make a public appearance and join members of the Royal Family in the Order of the Garter ceremony on Monday, June 13. However, reports claim that Prince William and Prince Charles intervened at the eleventh hour to block Andrew from attending. In response to Andrew’s request for his royal status, Express.co.uk asked readers for their opinion.  In a poll that ran from midday on Tuesday, June 14 to 11am on Thursday, June 16, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated?” Overall, 9,080 people voted with the dominant response – 94 percent (8,523 people) – being “no”, Andrew should not have his royal status reinstated. A further five percent (481 people) answered “yes” while just one percent (76 people) said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their thoughts on Prince Andrew and his future in the Royal Family.  The majority of readers were against Andrew having his royal status returned to him. One reader, username JET said: “No way should he have his royal status reinstated.” Username stephenbroughton said: “NO most definitely NOT!: And username Cynical Mey wrote: “All due respect to Her Majesty, but no way should he be allowed to return to royal duties.”   Others agreed that the Queen should not give any of Andrew’s titles back to him. Username alannah said Andrew “should not expect anything back”. Another, username Maz Brett76 said: “He definitely should not be reinstated.” Some argued that if Andrew was given back his royal status it would end the Monarchy. DON'T MISSPrincess Anne, Zara and Mike lead royals at Ascot today as Princess Royal gets promotion [UPDATE]Royal Family LIVE: Not playing nice! Outrageous claim Kate and William fed up with Meghan [LIVE BLOG]'If it's bleeped out he's not wrong' Americans back Mike Tindall after Harry 'b*****d' jab [LATEST]  Username vanessa16 said: “If the Queen reinstates Andrew it will bring about the end of the Royal Family as we know it.” Meanwhile, username JL77 wrote: “Never, it would end the Monarchy.” And username Fairynuff said: “If the Queen does what he wants then she will make a total mockery of the Royal Family.” Others commented that Andrew should also have his dukedom removed with username Durfel writing: “He should have NOTHING reinstated. He should have his dukedom cancelled!”