Carnations are one of the easier flower varieties to take care of and, if they have the right growing conditions, will bloom every single year. Whether you are hoping to add more carnations to other areas of your garden or share some with friends, experts from Gardeners' World said: "Summer is the ideal time for taking cuttings." This is because, during the summer months, plant cells begin to divide rapidly, encouraging root growth. Gardeners' World's experts added: "Propagating plants by cuttings is an easy and cheap way of replacing straggly, old plants." For the best results, you should aim to take your flower cuttings in the morning. Plants are less likely to wilt at this time and should survive so long as you pot them up as soon as possible. Any cuttings you take should be kept out of strong sunlight in their initial stages. READ MORE: 'Go straight for the source' 7 ways to get rid of an ants nest at home Select some of the healthy, non-flowering shoots from your plants. Cut approximately 10cm lengths from the top and pinch off all leaves from the bottom half. Use a sharp knife to trim just beneath where the leaves join the stem. DON'T MISS‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [INSIGHT]How often should you water plants in summer? 'Most common mistake' [REVEALED]Top five summer bulbs to plant now: 'Perfect for growing in pots' [COMMENT] Make a 2mm cut in the base of each stem you have cut. Then, remove the lowest leaf pair. Your cuttings will need to go into either a pot of seed try. Multi-purpose compost is best for cuttings to be placed into, with each stem given enough space so that their leaves do not touch. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Next, water the compost thoroughly and cover your plants with a plastic bag before placing them on a windowsill. You can uncover the cuttings every couple of days to allow fresh air to circulate around the plant. Once new leaves begin to sprout, it is time to take the cover off for good. Leave the plants to root for a few weeks before potting each one individually.