Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced that eight million Britons on the lowest incomes will receive £1,200 in cost of living payments from the Government. The first £326 will start to land in people’s bank accounts from July 14, but there’s more to come. Millions of Britons rely on state benefits either because they can’t afford to work or are on a low income. Last month the Chancellor announced they would be receiving extra help to help them pay for soaring energy bills. Many cash strapped Britons on Universal Credit will be eagerly awaiting the first payment which they will receive on, or shortly after, July 14. However, there’s more help to come with the most vulnerable in line to receive £1,200 over the next few months. READ MORE: Council Tax: Millions could cut their Council Tax bill by hundreds The second instalment of the £650 promised to those on the lowest incomes will come in the Autumn. In addition to this £650, everyone will receive £400 to help with the cost of living. Britons should start to receive this discount on their energy bills from October. The additional £150 comes in the form of a Council Tax discount which has already been paid to millions of families depending on where they live. DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions  [ALERT]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]Urgent scam warning - Devastating new fraud could cost you thousands [WARNING] Separate one-off payments of £300 will be made to pensioner households during the colder months to help with heating costs. People on disability benefits will also receive an extra £150 as these groups are most vulnerable to rising prices. Chancellor Rishi Sunak said: “We have a responsibility to protect those who are paying the highest price for rising inflation, and we are stepping up to help. "In July, more than eight million people will get their first £326 payment to help with rising prices, as part of a package worth at least £1,200 for vulnerable families. I said we would stand by people when they needed help, and we are." The cost of living payments aren’t the only financial help people on benefits can apply for. Millions of Britons who receive Universal Credit, legacy benefits and Pension Credit could claim thousands of pounds worth of cash. Nearly a million (850,000) older people don’t apply for Pension Credit which would entitle them to help with housing costs, a free TV licence and money towards energy bills. Universal Credit claimants can also apply for a budgeting loan worth up to £812, if they are a couple with children. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Universal Credit is a gateway to 30 additional forms of financial support such as: