As the nation honours Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 years on the throne, senior royals are making a series of public appearances, offering the public a chance to observe and discuss them. Beauty standards are very high for the royal ladies, who are most often criticised about every aspect of their looks, but this time, the spotlight is put on the Duke of Cambridge. The comments were about his extensive hair loss, which has left the Prince nearly completely bald over the past few years. As the future King starred in the Jubilee celebrations, fans keenly commented on whether he should or not have a hair transplant and wrote their observations in humour on social media. Some fans suggested that the Prince should shave his head completely, instead of sporting side hair around his head. @joerowlands90 claimed: “Prince William’s absolutely clinging onto that last bit of hair, isn't he. Just shave it, fella.” Others claimed that he would probably look better with a hair transplant, which is a very common procedure to reverse male boldness. A Twitter user with the handle @deanbledore claimed that the Duke would look a lot younger if he did that. They wrote: “If he’s insistent upon keeping his hair, I wish Prince William would just have a hair transplant. Would take years off of him tbh”. Another user with the Twitter handle @Baddiel agreed: “I understand it is lovely if Prince William doesn't mind the way he looks, but a hair transplant could be good.” Many users referred to the popular Turkey market of hair transplant surgeries. @LukeAlmond_ wrote: “How’s Prince William not been to hair of Istanbul yet.” And @sundyclan added humorously: ”Imagine on a flight back from Turkey there’s Prince William sat in front of you after he’s just had a hair transplant.” The satirical comments weren’t absent, with @starlingrose27 writing: “Prince William is so bald he looks like a tic tac.” And @little_asswipe saying: “Last night I dreamt I filled in prince William's bald spot with my eyebrow pencil.”