Arsenal could be upstaged by their rivals Tottenham once more in the transfer market, with a move for Leeds winger Raphinha reportedly set to be hijacked by Antonio Conte as Spurs look to pad out their squad ahead of a busy campaign. The Brazilian, 25, joined the Whites for £20million in 2020, and has thoroughly impressed in his time at Elland Road. Proving to be one of the top-flight's most exciting players, his outings have seen him become a regular for his country and a fan favourite in west Yorkshire as a result. The star's performances have seen a plethora of Europe's top sides interested in his services, and it seems as though he will leave Jesse Marsch's men before the transfer window shuts in a bid to compete in European football, with Arsenal the supposed 'front-runners' so far. But according to SportItalia journalist Gianluigi Longari, they could be beaten to his signature by rivals Tottenham, who can offer the star Champions League football as a result of their strong finish to last season. Longari states that Spurs are interested in Raphinha ahead of a multi-million pound move this summer. The club are ready to submit an offer of £50m plus another £10m in varying add-ons in order to gazump their bitter rivals in the race for his signature. Should the criteria of those add-ons be met, it would see the Leeds man become the club's record signing by eclipsing the £54m spent on Tanguy Ndombele in 2019. But the former Rennes star has yet to decide on his future and that could even open the door for a move to Spain. Longari further reports that Arsenal have submitted a fresh bid, although it is expected to be rejected instantly after it fell way short of Leeds' valuation. And with neither club agreeing a fee to bring him to north London just yet, that could allow Barcelona to swoop in. The Blaugrana have already agreed personal terms with the Porto Alegre-born star, and remain his first choice should a bid be accepted. However, with their generally poor financial position remaining unclear for the time being, a move is not close to being done just yet. Leeds boss Marsch backed Raphinha's behaviour despite doubts over disciplinary issues towards the end of the season. “Not at all. He is 100 per cent invested," Marsch said back in May. "His emotion, which has been talked about, can be interpreted as lack of discipline. I see it as total investment. That part has been no thought for me.”