The Queen and Prince Philip's youngest child Prince Edward married Sophie Rhys-Jones at St George's Chapel on June 19, 1999, and the couple had been dating for several years before they finally tied the knot. But it was clear that Sophie had won her mother-in-law's seal of approval, as the Queen gifted her an iconic tiara for the happy occasion. When she married Prince Edward, Sophie opted for a different wedding style from previous royal nuptials. While big extravagant dresses had been the trend for Princess Diana and Sarah Ferguson's respective weddings in the 1980s, Sophie opted for a sleek and simple outfit for her I do's. Kate Beavis, owner of the contemporary blog Magpie Wedding and the ECO Wedding Shows, told Express.co.uk: "The Countess of Wessex married Prince Edward in a slightly more simple wedding than his brothers, back in 1999. "Her dress was at the time often compared to those worn by Princess Diana and Sarah Ferguson. But of course, as their weddings were over 10 years apart, bridal trends had changed. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan  "Sophie wore an elegant dress designed by Samantha Keswick (nee Shaw) made from silk organza adorned with 325,000 crystals and pearls which would have shimmered in certain light. "It had a minimal simplistic shape with nods to previous decades - the long sleeves were very 1930s in style and the overall shape reminds me of 1940s wedding gowns." One royal wedding tradition Sophie decided to follow, however, involved her royal tiara. The Queen is known to lend royal brides a diadem for their big days. Ms Beavis added: "She wore pearls gifted to her by the Prince, with black beads and a cross pendant - while pearls are traditional, the style is very late '90s!  "Like other royal brides, she wore a loaned tiara from the Queen's collection, worn quite far back on her head (again very of that time). "The tiara is the Anthemion tiara, consisting of jewels in almost petal or leaf shapes." Sophie's wedding day tiara was extra special as it is thought the piece was crafted from other jewels in the royal collection. Jeremy Hinds, Sales Director at jewellery experts F Hinds, said: “For her 1999 wedding to the Earl of Wessex, Sophie was gifted a new diamond tiara made from previous pieces, taken from the Queen’s royal collection. DON'T MISS:Prince Charles gets 'kiss on the lips from Zara' - 'strong bonds' [ANALYSIS]Sophie Wessex is pretty in pink today at Royal Ascot [PICTURES]Sophie Wessex's fast becoming Kate’s right hand woman - ‘trusted' [INSIGHT]  "While the Royals have never confirmed which original pieces were combined to form the new tiara, the common thought is that the tiara contains four jewelled petals that were originally alternate elements from Queen Victoria’s Regal Circlet. "The tiara was designed and remodelled by the Crown Jeweller at the time, David Thomas of Asprey and Garrard.” Daniel O’Farrell, Founder, Bespoke Jeweller and Diamond Expert at DC Jewellery, added: "A little-known fact about this tiara is the ties it has to Queen Victoria." He added: "Reworking the four old anthemion elements into a new tiara for Sophie to wear at her wedding gave her both, her 'something old' as well as her 'something new' like the old English wedding rhyme dictates for brides. "While most royal brides borrow a tiara from the Queen for their wedding day, Sophie’s tiara was specially designed for her. "She has added her own personal touch to the tiara by adding a new row of diamonds to the band of the tiara, along the hairline. "It is so special to Sophie that she has reworn it on numerous occasions after her wedding day, including at several European royal weddings." 