Some 200 expats in Spain – many of whom are British – are engaged in a major battle to protect their homes in Murcia’s Gea y Truyols area. The group bought their properties in good faith, believing that they had been built in accordance with Spanish law. However, unbeknown to the expats, the developer had not applied for planning permission, meaning the homes are illegal. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the 72-year-old retiree from Essex claimed the Town Hall has not been very helpful so far. She said: “We're just stuck here now in this sort of twilight zone. We can't get any answers from the Town Hall. “They won't speak to us. They won't speak to our lawyer. They just seem to ignore us. “They haven’t even responded to it [the letter], not even acknowledged it.” Despite the expats’ slow progress at the Town Hall, Linda praised the British Consulate’s office in Alicante for assisting them. Linda is one of a string of Britons in the area who does not have access to a proper water supply. The pensioners have had to rely on water for local farmers that was only supposed to irrigate the lemon groves and orange groves that were in the area. She said: “That is still the case today. We have agricultural water. We can't drink our water. We can't cook in it. “We shouldn't really be washing in it. Sometimes it's smelly and discoloured. “It quite often gets disconnected because they're not proper pipe works. They’re all just below the ground because they're meant just to water trees.” DON'T MISS: 'Emboldened' Putin tipped to unleash army on 'weak' Europe –new target named [LATEST]Archaeologists stunned after 'ancient sunken settlement' discovery in Israel [INSIGHT]Brexit POLL: Is Boris Johnson bad or good for Brexit Britain's reputation? [ANALYSIS] Another expat, Keith Willis, also does not have a proper water supply at the home he shares with his partner Pat. The 71-year-old retired Heathrow Airport worker from Windsor has lived in Spain for 21 years. Asked what his priority was, he told Express.co.uk: “Getting fresh water that we can actually drink or cook with because the water now being agricultural water, you can't do much with it at all really. “It comes out of the taps brown most of the time. So, fresh water will be the main thing.” Murcia Town Hall did not respond to multiple requests for comment. A Foreign Office spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We closely engage with the Spanish government and regional governments on matters relating to UK nationals’ rights. “We encourage any UK national in need of consular assistance to get in touch with their nearest embassy / consulate or call the 24/7 phone line for support.”