Manchester United have made a few surprise signings in recent years. And, in Nottingham Forest star Brennan Johnson, they could be about to make another. Reports claim the 21-year-old has emerged as a viable target for Erik ten Hag, especially if the club see a move for Ajax’s Antony fail. Manchester United have made a habit of surprise signings. Take 2017, for example. They were linked with Antoine Griezmann, with many expecting him to come, only for the Red Devils to end up paying a huge £75million for Romelu Lukaku instead. The following year, United were in the race to sign centre-backs such as Toby Alderweireld and Harry Maguire. But they ended up falling to sign both, with Diogo Dalot a shock arrival from Porto at right-back. In 2019, it was common knowledge that United were interested in bringing Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka to Old Trafford. But it was lesser known that they were working on a deal to recruit Daniel James, with the Wales international touching down from Swansea. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer In 2020, everybody expected United to meet Borussia Dortmund’s asking price for Jadon Sancho - who was Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s top target at the time. Yet that didn’t happen, with United then surprisingly recruiting Edinson Cavani and Facundo Pellistri - while agreeing a fee with Atalanta for Amad. A deal for Donny van de Beek also want under the radar, too, with the Netherlands international previously looking likelier to leave Ajax for Real Madrid. And Cristiano Ronaldo’s Hollywood homecoming was a bolt from the blue as well, with the veteran turning down Manchester City in order to return to Old Trafford. Fast-forward to this summer, and history could be about to repeat itself. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links This time, it’s Johnson who could be the surprising arrival. The United Stand have claimed the 21-year-old has caught the eye of the Red Devils after scoring 19 goals across all competitions for Nottingham Forest last season. It’s stated the Wales international is ‘being explored’ and that James Garner has recommended his arrival. The 21-year-old was also on target for his country recently, notching in matches against Belgium and the Netherlands in the Nations League. United are currently negotiating with Forest for Dean Henderson, who is a target for Steve Cooper’s men. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, during those talks, Johnson’s name has also been discussed. The problem is, however, that Forest don’t want to sell their prized asset. They’re described as being ‘reluctant’ to let the forward go - especially after recently securing their return to the Premier League. Arsenal are also in the mix for Johnson, too. But United are better-suited to take him to Old Trafford, especially given his close relationship with Garner behind the scenes. Antony remains their top transfer target. Yet Johnson would fit the bill of young and exciting forwards that Ten Hag loves - and a summer switch to Old Trafford could be on the cards. He’s not the only player being linked with a move to the Red Devils, too, now that the transfer window is open. Ajax’s Jurrien Timber is in their sights, while Pau Torres’ name has also been thrown into the ring at centre-back. In midfield, Frenkie de Jong has moved above the likes of Ruben Neves, Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips to become the club’s no 1 target. And United continue to be linked with Christopher Nkunku, despite RB Leipzig’s reluctance to part ways.