Amber Heard, 36, kept her head down as the verdict was read out in Johnny Depp's case against her. As the jury's statement was read out, Amber did not look up, as she seemed to try and cover her tears. The Aquaman actress wore all black to today's court hearing with layered gold necklaces. Her hair was clipped back to the side in a messy wavy look, very different from her previous court appearances. The court reached a verdict that said Amber was responsible for losing Johnny millions of dollars in earnings with an op-ed she wrote. Since, Amber's representatives have released a statement on her behalf. It begins: "The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. I'm heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband. "I’m even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. It is a setback. "It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated. "It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously. "I believe Johnny’s attorneys succeeded in getting the jury to overlook the key issue of Freedom of Speech and ignore evidence that was so conclusive that we won in the UK." She concluded: "I’m sad I lost this case. But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American – to speak freely and openly.” Due to Johnny's win he was awarded $10million in compensation, and $5million in punitive damages, after the jury deliberated for three days. Amber, who will have a chance to appeal the verdict, won $2million back in compensatory damages after winning one of her claims in the countersuit, but $0 in punitive damages. Johnny sued Amber over a 2018 article in the Washington post, in which she claimed to have become a figure representing domestic abuse, after filing a restraining order against the Pirates of the Caribbean actor. She didn’t name Johnny, but he says he was the implied abuser and that it cost him acting jobs including his famous role of Captain Jack Sparrow.