Tottenham are moving quickly in the summer transfer window with two deals already confirmed and a third on the way in the form of Yves Bissouma. And a fourth signing may soon follow the midfielder through the door with Fabio Paratici reportedly in advanced talks over a move for Destiny Udogie. Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster have already been announced by Tottenham, both arriving as free agents. They're set to be joined by Bissouma with Tottenham reportedly agreeing a £25million fee with Brighton. It's claimed that Bissouma will undergo a medical this week with personal terms not seen as an issue. Tottenham's early activity in this summer market is a far cry to their previous transfer business model. Daniel Levy had often left it late in the transfer window to try and squeeze out the best deal for his top targets. That had sometimes seen Spurs miss out on a few players with other clubs swooping in with a bigger offer. JUST IN: Taylor's Tuesday Transfers: Spurs' Spence bid, Everton eye Chelsea ace  But Tottenham are seemingly moving much quicker this summer and Udogie may well be the next deal to be agreed. According to Sky Italia, Paratici met with Udogie's agent recently while the full-back's representatives are said to be in London to thrash out a deal. Udinese owner Gino Pozzo is said to value Udogie at £17.2m (€20m), but the defender's representatives are reportedly hoping to lower the fee. Tottenham face strong competition from Juventus for the 19-year-old though as Udogie's agents are trying to force through a move to Turin. DON'T MISS  Udinese may be in no rush to sell though as Udogie has four years remaining on his current contract. Udogie earned rave reviews for his displays on the left for Udinese, often playing further forward to join in the attack. Antonio Conte has drafted in Perisic to play in a similar position, while Ryan Sessegnon is expected to feature more heavily next term. Sergio Reguilon is also an option for Tottenham on the left, indicating that Tottenham are well stocked in that area. But Tottenham's interest in Udogie may coincide with reports that Reguilon's future at Tottenham remains uncertain. Juventus are among the sides in the race to sign Reguilon with Tottenham wanting around £25m.