TSB’s Spend and Save account was launched back in September 2021, and followed up by the Spend and Save plus in February 2021. Since then, many savers have flocked to the Spend and Save, which is designed to help savings “sneak up” on Britons as they gradually build up a pot. In efforts to help savers, TSB has today announced it is increasing the interest rate paid on the instant access savings pot - which is a feature of the two current accounts. New and existing customers with a Spend and Save, or Spend and Save Plus account will be able to secure this new rate. All they will need to do is open up a new savings pot in their account to do so. The interest rate is being boosted to 1.25 percent for up to £25,000 of savings. READ MORE: Pensioner ‘millionaires’ rise to 3 million - triple lock questioned It will be made available to savers for the first 12 months. The new rate is set to kick in on July 7, so will apply to pots that are opened on or after July 7. Currently, savers can open a maximum of five savings pots, with up to £5,000 in each pot. Marta Edwards, Head of Personal Current Accounts at TSB, commented on the latest news. DON'T MISSTV licence fee plans could see property-rich pensioners 'pay more' [UPDATE]DWP update as £326 cost of living payment date confirmed [LATEST]WASPI women welcome new boost in ongoing fight for compensation [INSIGHT] She said: “We developed our current accounts to help customers build healthy savings habits. “The increased rate on Savings Pots alongside cashback on debit card spend is another boost to get to their savings goal.” New customers will be able to open the Spend and Save account “in minutes”, TSB has said. This can be done online, or by downloading the bank’s app. READ MORE: Pension Vs ISA: The 'more effective' savings vehicle To open the account, people must be 18 or over and a UK resident. They will need proof of ID documents such as a driver's licence or UK passport. Additionally, they will require proof of address which could come in the form of a utility bill or bank statement. The rate of 1.25 percent on savings pots includes an underlying rate of interest of 0.20 percent variable, and a fixed bonus rate of 1.05 percent lasting for 12 months. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Interest on the account is calculated daily and then issued to customers monthly. Those Britons who have existing savings pots can transfer their savings into a new pot. Alternatively, they could also “re-bonus” their existing pots online or in a branch. For those opting for the Spend and Save Plus account, it is worth noting the monthly account maintenance fee of £3.