Pippa Middleton, 38, is a mother to two children, Grace and Arthur, and is currently expecting a third. The English socialite has shared her diet and fitness regimes in the past, revealing how she stays slim and healthy. Pippa lost her post-pregnancy fat fast after giving birth to Grace and Arthur, thanks to a healthy diet and plenty of regular exercise. She has previously unveiled how she eats breakfast every day, ensuring she gets enough nutrients to start the day right. Breakfast is an important meal as it also prevents hunger pangs throughout the rest of the day. The 38-year-old said she “can’t start the day properly” without breakfast. READ MORE: Woman lost incredible 16 stone after being 'treated like an animal' Pippa explained she sometimes has “lots of porridge or boiled eggs with soldiers”, or other times it’s “yoghurt, avocado on toast, or muesli”. “My usual breakfast is either plain yoghurt with chopped fruit and toasted seeds, oats and nuts or toasted rye bread with eggs or avocado,” she told The i in 2018. The socialite added that she also enjoys “Bircher muesli with fresh berries on top”. “You can make a batch for the whole week,” she said. DON'T MISS:Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACKS]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [BODY LANGUAGE] As for the rest of her daily meals, Pippa has revealed she isn’t afraid to treat herself with foods that are perceived as less healthy. She enjoys sweet treats and the occasional glass of wine. “I grew up with the belief that good health is about moderation in all things, so I’ll be celebrating healthy living through exercise, a balanced diet and a little of the naughty stuff sprinkled in,” she wrote in Waitrose magazine. “I’m talking chocolate, crisps and an occasional glass of wine.” Although it has been previously reported that her sister, Kate, has followed the Dukan diet, Pippa hasn’t. She doesn’t seem to have attempted any diet, and is instead mindful of her portion sizes. “I’ve never done Dukan, attempted Atkins or exercised religiously seven days a week, but I do believe in making healthy choices – keeping refined carbs such as white bread and pasta to a minimum, and sticking to sensible portion sizes,” she said. Pippa also makes sure to do regular exercise, with her children motivating her to work out. In an interview with shoes brand Hoka One One, the 38-year-old explained: “Being active with my two and a half-year-old son in the park or playground, transporting him on the back of my bike, and buggy running when he was a baby have been ways in which I have been able to include outdoor exercise whilst being a hands-on mummy. “I worked out for 45 minutes, three or four times a week, depending on my energy levels but ensured that the routines I did were lighter than usual.” Pippa has even been seen riding a scooter around London with her children – another unique and fun way to keep fit. She also attends classes for “Barrecore, strength and conditioning, pilates, or yoga”.