One of the most common factors in the management of type two is diet. It is akin to putting fuel in a car or a programme on a computer, uploading the right programme will lead to a positive reaction while the wrong programme will lead to a negative reaction. In the same way, some foods can positively affect someone’s diabetes while some can have negative affect. However, it isn’t just about what food goes in, but how and when it is ingested. READ MORE: Arthritis breakthrough: Research may have found a way to treat and even reverse arthritis Charity Diabetes UK warned: “Remember to spread your fruit intake throughout the day so you are not eating a lot of carbohydrate all in one go, which could affect blood glucose levels after eating.” Some foods are better than others with regard to glucose control. Furthermore, it also depends on portions. Diabetes UK warned “fruit juice and smoothies need to be avoided or at least cut down on".  Many individuals with type two diabetes haven’t had it from birth, most have developed it over time. As a result, scientists and doctors are keen to emphasise the importance of doing what one can to avoid type two diabetes developing. While eating a balanced diet and exercising regularly are the two main methods of prevention, others have suggested vitamin D supplementation could play a role. Vitamin D is needed by the body to maintain bone and muscle health as well as strengthen the immune system. A recent study published in the BMJ (British Medical Journal) looked into whether vitamin D supplements could help prevent the onset of type two diabetes. The study concluded vitamin D had no significant effect on the incidence of type two diabetes. Lead author of the study Doctor Tetsuya Kawahara said: “Despite the fact [vitamin D] has been shown to prevent type two diabetes in our pilot study, treatment with it did not show a preventive effect on the incidence of type two diabetes, nor a beneficial effect on the rate of regression in this current study.” This isn’t the first time vitamin D has been considered as standalone treatment for a common condition. During the Covid lockdowns, scientists considered whether vitamin D could prevent or be used to treat COVID-19. After extensive research and study, it was found vitamin D did not have a significant impact on either the virus or a person’s likelihood of developing serious illness. However, it was still recommended as a way to strengthen the immune system, particularly during winter. Between the months of September and April vitamin D supplements are recommended as a way to maintain overall health through the cold and flu season.