Sue Barker will step down from her role as presenter of the BBC’s Wimbledon coverage following the conclusion of this year’s tournament at SW19 in July. The 66-year-old initially joined the BBC’s Wimbledon coverage in 1993, before becoming the main presenter in 2000. Her final duties will see her anchor the Wimbledon men’s final for the corporation. And Express Sport takes a look at four potential replacements for the star. Alex Scott Former footballer Alex Scott, who won 140 caps for England during her playing days, has become one of the best young presenters on television since hanging up her boots. She began her broadcasting career by co-presenting on Match of the Day Kickabout, before working as a pundit at the 2018 World Cup in Russia. The 37-year-old currently anchors Football Focus and co-presents the Sports Personality of the Year award, as well as regularly being seen as a guest presenter on the One Show. She has been spotted at Wimbledon in the past so clearly likes her tennis. And the BBC could decide to put her in front of the camera for their Wimbledon coverage. Clare Balding Clare Balding has presented a plethora of shows for the BBC during her broadcasting career, including multiple Olympic Games and Wimbledon tournaments. And she is seen as a jewel in the BBC crown. JUST IN: ATP boss makes Wimbledon points claim as Russian players' war stance  The 51-year-old is regarded as one of the best in the industry and loves her sport. She currently presents Today at Wimbledon after previously anchoring the short-lived Wimbledon 2Day in 2015. And she could be on to land the main role. Tracy Austin Former world No 1 tennis star Tracy Austin reached the semi-finals of the women’s singles at Wimbledon on two occasions during her playing days and won the mixed doubles at SW19 with her brother John in 1980. And she has been working as a pundit for the BBC for almost two decades. The 59-year-old started with the corporation during the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens and has since regularly been seen alongside Barker in the Wimbledon studio. Austin has proved to be a popular pundit and would clearly be able to convey just how the players were feeling on court during the big moments if she was chosen to front the BBC’s Wimbledon coverage. DON'T MISSAndy Murray explains sad difference between himself and Rafael NadalAlexander Zverev makes Grand Slam pledge to brother after awful injuryNick Kyrgios stuns fans with 'martian' return against Basilashvili   John McEnroe Another former player who could be in line to take over from Barker is popular pundit John McEnroe. The 63-year-old American won the Wimbledon men’s singles title three times as a player and also reached the final on two other occasions as he dominated the grass court season at the start of the 1980s. McEnroe was well-known for his outbursts on court but has become a well-respected pundit and commentator since retiring from the sport. And he would surely be a popular presenter if he was given the gig. 