Also known as midsummer or the estival solstice, it is the day with the longest period of sunlight. June always heralds the annual Summer Solstice, meaning that from this month onwards, the days will, unfortunately, begin to get darker until the Winter Solstice. This year the Summer Solstice will take place on June 21, when the sun will rise at 4.43am and set at 9.22pm. This means the UK will enjoy 16 hours and 43 minutes of daylight. READ MORE: Archaeologists amazed by 4,500-year-old monument near Stonehenge On the summer solstice, the Sun travels the longest path through the sky, and that day therefore has the most daylight. When the summer solstice happens in the Northern Hemisphere, the North Pole is tilted about 23.4° (23°27´) toward the Sun. It might seem like a day to celebrate, but it actually signals the moment the sun's path stops moving northward in the sky. Many ancient cultures celebrated the Summer Solstice, and it is still marked with celebrations and rituals in modern Britain and Europe. In Pagan times, the Solstice was believed when a veil between this world and the next is at its thinnest, and they believed this is when fairies were at their most powerful. In ancient Gaul, which encompasses modern-day France and some parts of its neighbouring countries, the Midsummer celebration was called Feast of Epona. DON'T MISSWhen does summer officially start in the UK? [EXPLAINER]Stonehenge mystery unravelled as scientists detail key use [INSIGHT] The celebration was named after a mare goddess who embodied and protected fertility and horses. In ancient Germanic, Slavic and Celtic tribes, pagans celebrated Midsummer with bonfires and dancing - a tradition that is still observed now in some areas. Following the emergence of Christianity in Europe and other parts of the world, many pagan customs were incorporated into the newer, modern religion - hence why people of all faiths may celebrate the solstice today. In the last few hundred years, the Summer Solstice was used to mark the midway point between when crops were planted and harvested. This was a marker for how long those who worked the land had left to relax, and it is also why June has become known as the traditional month to have a wedding. It may seem depressing that in a few short weeks the days will begin getting shorter - but don’t worry. The change will be barely noticeable for a few weeks, and the shortest day of the year is not until Monday, December 21 - the Winter Solstice.