Aphids are small insects which feed on the stems, flowers and in some cases, the roots of plants, though they are most commonly found on the underside of leaves. These quarter-inch-long pests can be a nuisance for gardeners when they duplicate to the point of infestation, but how can you keep them away? According to the home advice expert Bob Vila, there are several easy ways to get rid of aphids for good, and these are the best methods to try. Garden pests come in many forms, ranging from small insects to large mammals - but it's not always the size of the pest that you have to worry about. While small, almost microscopic aphids may seem harmless, these powerful insects reproduce at a rapid rate. In fact, home advice expert Bob Vila claims that aphids can reproduce several generations in a single season, though they’re not always easy to identify in smaller groups. He said: “By the time you notice the insects on your plants, you’re likely in the midst of a full-blown infestation. “Thankfully, though, homeowners can often combat the pests before major damage occurs.” READ MORE: Ideal temperature to ‘effectively’ clean bed sheets - ‘kills bacteria’ Natural methods are often the safest option when it comes to treating plants for a pest problem, and the same applies to aphid infestations. So what exactly can you do to banish these tiny insects from your plants? Bob Vila explained that one of the most effective ways to remove aphids from plants is to use the power of a garden hose. He said: “If you spot a few aphids on your plants, the minor infestation can be successfully banished with a strong stream of water from the hose. Run water all over the plant, making sure to target the underside of each leaf.” You will need to repeat this process every few days to successfully eliminate all aphids, which could take up to two weeks. This method is most effective on a warm, sunny day as the plant is less likely to become saturated by the water. Larger infestations will need more than just water to keep them away, and a low-toxicity bug control spray is the perfect solution. A homemade insecticidal soap can be made from mild dish soap and water, which should then be applied directly onto the leaves, stems and buds of the plant. Simply mix a few teaspoons of liquid dish soap with one large glass of water and pour it into an empty spray bottle. Generously spritz all over the plant, taking care to focus on the underside of the leaves too, where the aphids like to hide. This process should be repeated every two or three days for a few weeks, until there are no signs of the soft-bodied aphids on the plant. DON'T MISS:Protect gardens from slugs using 14p ‘homemade spray’ - ‘so effective’ [INSIGHT]Easy ways to banish ‘pesky’ garden bugs - from garlic to coffee [REVEAL]‘All-natural home remedies’ to ‘kill’ all houseplant pests [ANALYSIS] According to the Royal Horticultural Society, some natural enemies can be purchased for use as biological control of aphids in greenhouses, including hoverfly larvae, lacewing larvae and several parasitoid wasps. These can be encouraged in your garden as a natural anti-aphid protection by creating a habitat of flowering ground covers. Bob Vila recommended cosmos and stonecrop which are nectar-rich and particularly attractive to these repellent species. It is crucial to remember not to use a broad-spectrum pesticide to treat aphids as well as using plants, as this will kill off the plants. While there are hundreds of different species of aphids found in the UK, the damage they cause is often the same. These seemingly harmless little insects will suck the sap from your beloved garden plants, leaving them looking worse for wear from the outside in. Curled or distorted leaves are one of the most common visible signs of an aphid attack, but the small bugs can also stunt the growth of plants by sucking out the moisture. Removing aphids is important to prevent mould damage to your plants too, which can appear as a black, sooty substance which grows on the honeydew left behind by the hungry insects.