Sir Rod Stewart, 77, left some BBC viewers unimpressed last night as he belted out Neil Diamond’s Sweet Caroline for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Party. Last night, the musician performed in front of 22,000 people who had packed into the grounds of Buckingham Palace and the Mall to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 years on the throne. In response to his performance, former BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker typed on Twitter this morning: “What a brilliant concert and a great celebration for the #PlatinumJubilee “Some top performances, a class speech from Prince William and we’ll even forgive Rod Stewart for Sweet Caroline “But… show stolen by the lighting team #PlatinumPartyatthePalace,” he added. In response, his followers weighed in with their opinion of the rock legend’s unusual choice of song. READ MORE: GoFundMe removes fundraiser to help Amber Heard pay Johnny Depp $10.4m  “Why the heck did my Rod have to sing that! So many other great numbers of his own he could have done. Or they could have adjusted the lyrics to Sweet Lizabeth,” said @Ecclesthebrave. While @DeniseCarruthe8 replied: “@mrdanwalker Never heard sweet Caroline sung by anyone else but can forgive Sir Rod anything, my universe came together at that moment.” (sic) @salhepworth remarked: “Low points were Rod Stewart and Diana Ross (wrong choice to close with) but overall brilliant event and the drones were fabulous.” @JayHBaker94 added: “Rod Stewart singing sweet Caroline was the most baffling performance of the night.” Although his other fans defended his performance as they said it was the “only song” that got everyone “clapping”. @sanmorris2 remarked: “Well, RODDERS AND SWEET CAROLINE is the main clip being shown this morning! Reason of course, is that it's the ONLY one where EVERYONE is singing, waving, laughing, enjoying themselves! RODDERS SAVED THE SHOW!!! (And did no one listen to what he said before doing it?!!)” (sic) Although audiences were surprised that the rocker, who has a multitude of iconic songs in his back catalogue, finished his set with Sweet Caroline, It seems Sir Rod himself may have been just as confused. Before he launched into the track he told the crowds: “The BBC made me sing this one.” DONT MISS:Young Julie Andrews makes history by singing for King George VI (PHOTOS)Maggie Smith's TV connection to Prince William and Kate Middleton (NEWS)Pamela Anderson stuns in unearthed racy photos with ex Tommy Lee (LATEST) He urged those present to "join in, make it comfortable for me" before starting the iconic song. In recent years, Sweet Caroline has become an anthem of sorts for Rangers FC – which are, of course, massive rivals of Sir Rod’s favourites, Celtic. It would have been some sight for fellow Celtic fans to see the Celtic-mad musician playing the anthem of the rival team. Rangers’ Sweet Caroline association began in 2021, thanks to a now-classic interview with boss Steven Gerrard. He himself had been sent off the pitch by the referee for a foul-mouthed rant after Alfredo Morelos was booked for diving – but the team went on to win 1-0. In the post-match interview, Steven said Alfredo had "scored the winner and he’s dancing around there with no top on to Sweet Caroline so he’s fine". As well as Sir Rod, audiences were treated to performances by the likes of Eurovision’s Sam Ryder, who was compared to Freddie Mercury for his incredible vocal talents. Some of the West End’s most iconic musicals also put on a show, with performances from the cast of Hamilton, Six, and The Lion King. The show also included opera renditions, raps, commentary and comedy, with one particular highlight seeing the Queen teaming up with none other than Paddington Bear for a sketch.