The award-winning Netflix series Ozark met its last ever finale as it premiered its fourth and final season in April. Since the show ended many revelations about the cast have been revealed, including Julie Garner’s reaction to the heart-breaking finale twist.  Fans across the world tuned into Ozark to find out if the Byrde family would finally make it back to Chicago after a brutal time in Missouri. The family relocated in season one after Marty Byrde (played by Jason Bateman) agreed to launder $500 million for the Mexican cartel in five years. There was no other way out of the deal, as he had watched his friend get killed after a deal went wrong. However, throughout season four, Marty and his wife Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) worked alongside the FBI to try and strike a deal for cartel boss Omar Navarro’s (Felix Solis) freedom. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry Netflix doc slammed for Jubilee presence by Ferrari Throughout the series, fans watched as the Byrde’s ex-business partner Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) did all she could for a better life. Fans learned early on, Ruth wanted better for herself and her cousins as her father had been in and out of prison her entire life. She dubbed it ‘the Langmore curse’ and she was prepared to do anything to move on from Ozark and live a happier life. This all came crashing down, when she discovered the dead bodies of her cousin Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) and his wife Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery).  With Omar in custody, he had appointed his nephew Javi (Alfonso Herrera) as the newest cartel leader. Knowing his uncle and Darlene had trouble in the past, he decided to murder her and Wyatt to eradicate any problems. When Ruth discovered their bodies, she went on a warpath to avenge her cousin’s death and wanted Javi’s blood. However, in a shocking twist of fate, Ruth was killed by Javi’s mother after she had successfully murdered Javi. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald fumes over filming interruption 'Punch their lights out' [INSIGHT]Glad we got to the finish line’ Ozark’s Jason Bateman on the ending [INSIGHT] Ozark season 4 theory: Wendy secretly set up car crash after kids clue [THEORY] The actress Julia Garner detailed the moment she discovered her character would be killed off and stated: “Chris [Mundy] called me and he said ‘Hey I need to talk to you.’” “And I said ‘What, let me guess, am I dying,’ he said ‘yeah how did you know,’ and I said ‘it is like a Greek tragedy.’” Speaking on her character, Julia continued: “She really wanted to get out of that place she was in and she felt stuck, she felt like she was going to be here for the rest of her life. “So I think she always wanted something better but didn’t know how to get it.” 