While slugs and snails are seen as pests by many, they provide food for all sorts of wildlife including birds and insects. However, if they are eating crops in the garden, experts recommend using “natural deterrents” to keep them away. Kate Turner, gardening expert at Miracle-Gro, explained: “Remove any dead or dying leaves around the plant on the soil where the slugs can hide. “Check for slugs and snails with a torch at night and dispose of them. “Don’t throw them over the neighbour’s fence, they will come back, and your neighbour won’t be very happy. “Apply a natural deterrent around the plants you want to protect.” There are many natural deterrents on the market such as Miracle-Gro’s 2 in 1 Nourish & Protect Flowers, Fruit & Veg Plant Food. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows Kate added: “The natural lava rock acts as a physical barrier against slugs and snails whilst gently feeding your plant.” Some herbs can also be used to keep slugs and snails away from plants. Broken eggshells is also another great physical barrier to stop them eating tender plants. Another expert recommended using horticultural wool. DON'T MISS:Property market showing ‘signs of cooling’ despite rising prices [COMMENT]‘Natural solution’ for ‘fighting grease’ in the kitchen - and it’s 19p [EXPLAINER]Use cinnamon method to ‘kill’ houseplant pests including gnats [INSIGHT] James Partridge at Greenshop said: “While you might think of slugs and snails as greedy predators feasting on your veg patch, it’s important to remember that these pesky bugs are also pretty for lots of other garden wildlife, including birds, frogs, toads, hedgehogs and even carpet beetles. “So, by encouraging more of these creatures to visit your garden, you can control slugs and snails naturally.” The expert recommended using a feeder or a bird table with some seed or nut mix. Ponds are also a great way to attract frogs and toads. James added: “While encouraging predators is effective, it can take a bit of time to work. “So, if slugs and snails are laying siege to your plants right now, you may also want to add some eco-friendly physical barriers. “Horticultural wool can be laid around the plant to deter slugs and snails, they’ll struggle to move over the dry, fibrous texture. “They also struggle with sharp or rough textured surfaces. “If you’re getting really fed up, try picking pests off and moving them.” Slugs tend to be most active around dusk, when their natural predators are not around. They also like to come out when it is wet and humid. The expert recommended moving them into your compost where they can feed on old cuttings instead.