Insurer Veygo is warning drivers that they could receive severe penalties for accepting a lift home from a learner driver, after taking part in jubilee bank holiday celebrations. Anyone supervising a ‘designated’ learner driver while they are over the legal drinking limit can face fines of up to £2,500, 10 points on their license, or a ban from driving - even when they’re not at the wheel, Birmingham Live reports. James Armstrong, CEO of Veygo, told Birmingham Live: “Lots of us will want to make the most of an extra day off this bank holiday by having a few drinks. So making arrangements for post-pub lifts will be at the front of people's minds. A student or teenager who is learning to drive, looking to get in some extra practice and earn some extra cash might seem like a good candidate. "Parents of learner drivers - or their friends - might be tempted to offer taxi money in exchange for a lift home, and cash-strapped learners might be happy to accept. But many people don’t realise that accepting a lift from a learner – no matter how confident they are – means that, as a qualified driver, you are responsible for control of the vehicle. This means that you must comply with the rules you would normally adhere to if you were in the driving seat – including being under the drink-drive limit. "If you’ve enjoyed one-too-many before getting in the passenger seat with a learner driver at the wheel, you could face 10 points on your licence, a fine of up to £2,500, a three-month prison sentence or a potential driving ban.  “You also need to make sure you’re qualified to supervise a learner in the first place. Supervisors must be at least over the age of 21, have held their licence for three years and be insured on the vehicle. “So if you're planning on having a few drinks, it’s best to avoid pulling in favours from learners and draw straws among those with full driving licences as to who will be the designated driver. Designated drivers can always take out temporary insurance from as little as one hour so they’re covered while they play the role of taxi.” Other risks facing drivers this weekend include adding temporary larger decals or stickers on a vehicle, such as Union Jack flags. This is because they may void the insurance policy depending on the provider. If a flag obstructs the view of the road, drivers could be slapped with a £1,000 fine. Rule 30 of the Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986 states motorists must have a full view of the road at all times. In addition to this, anything that blocks the front or rear window could result in an on-the-spot £100 fine. Duncan McClure-Fisher, CEO at MotorEasy, warned drivers not to put themselves at risk with Jubilee modifications. He said: “It is important for motorists to be aware of the unexpected ways that they can unintentionally void their car warranty policy as it can land them with extra costs.  “Keep safe this bank holiday weekend on the roads as they will be busy, so be sure to plan ahead with all routes and do necessary pre-checks to your vehicle and check breakdown cover details before embarking on long journeys.”  