 The Queen’s 70-year reign will be honoured over a special, four-day bank holiday from Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5. Events kicked off with a military parade and will be followed by the monarch’s annual birthday parade — Trooping the Colour — which sees over 1,400 soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians come together in a spectacular display of military precision. Elizabeth II has made history as the first British monarch to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee, and throughout her long reign has marked multiple records, including becoming the longest-reigning queen ever, oldest British Sovereign and most portrayed living monarch. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  According to Guinness World Records, the Queen is also the individual to have appeared on the most currencies around the world. Her Majesty appears on at least 33 currencies in countries such as Australia, Belize, Canada and New Zealand. Queen Victoria appeared on 21 currencies and the image of King George V, Elizabeth’s grandfather, appeared on 19. Canada was the first country to use the British monarch’s image, in 1935, when it printed the 9-year-old then-Princess on its 20 dollar notes.  After her accession to the throne in February 1952, her face appeared on banknotes across the world. The Fifties and Sixties saw the largest number of countries circulating banknotes featuring the Queen, with nations like Australia, Bermuda and the Bahamas all updating their currencies to honour their new Head of State. Britain issued its first banknote featuring the Queen in 1960, years after many other countries. As countries gained independence, they often removed the monarch from their currency — Jamaica, for instance, put Marcus Garvey, a political activist, on its currency in 1966, and Bermuda redesigned its banknotes to feature local wildlife.  At one point, Elizabeth II was recognised as Head of State for all the Commonwealth countries — meaning she ruled over them in the same ceremonial way she does in the UK. The Commonwealth is rooted in the British Empire when countries around the world were ruled-over by Britain. Today, the organisation is a voluntary association of 54 independent countries, made up of 2.4 billion people, who work together to promote shared interests. The Queen is Head of State of 15 countries that are part of the Commonwealth realm, including the UK.  On Thursday, 54 Commonwealth beacons will be lit in each of the Commonwealth capital cities to mark the Queen’s Jubilee, and a further 2,000 beacons will be lit in unison across the UK and the Commonwealth to honour the monarch. At exactly 9.45pm the beacons will be lit and communities will sing A Life Lived with Grace — the Song for the Commonwealth — which won a competition to be chosen as the official beacon song. The lighting of the beacons will mark the beginning of the worldwide celebrations, with more than 600 Big Jubilee Lunches planned in more than 80 countries — from Greenland to New Zealand. The final event of the Platinum Jubilee royal extravaganza in the UK will celebrate the Queen’s reign and her connection to the Commonwealth.  The Platinum Jubilee Pageant will incorporate street art, theatre, music, circus and carnival to celebrate Her Majesty’s unwavering duty, love of the natural world and dedication to the Commonwealth. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said: “For seventy years The Queen has been the ultimate symbol of what it means to be British. Her steadfast leadership and unwavering service through good and bad has been an inspiration to so many. “With four days of celebrations and millions around the world taking part, this weekend will be a fitting tribute and celebration of her service and dedication to the people of the UK and the Commonwealth.”