Manchester United have denied that a meeting has taken place between Erik ten Hag and Jorge Mendes regarding a late move for Darwin Nunez, according to reports. The Red Devils remain interested in signing the prolific Benfica striker but Liverpool are still on course to beat their bitter rivals to a blockbuster transfer deal for the 22-year-old.  United are yet to make their move as they continue to monitor the situation from afar. They are very reluctant to become embroiled in a bidding war. But claims in Portugal emerged on Thursday suggesting that United were lining up a last-gasp hijack attempt after scheduling talks with super-agent Mendes, who is now representing Nunez. However, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, United are denying that a meeting involving manager Ten Hag even took place, although they are in contact with Mendes. Furthermore, Benfica have now received Liverpool's opening offer, which had been discussed during verbal talks between the two clubs earlier this week. READ MORE: Liverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transfer The Reds are offering around £68million plus £13m to £17m in add-ons, as they look to sweeten the deal with achievable bonuses. Liverpool would also like to pay in instalments as opposed to fronting up the cash, which is the preference of Benfica. Nunez is understood to have already agreed personal terms over a move to Anfield, where he would sign a five-year contract. It's been reported that Nunez would be set to earn around £100,000 per week on Merseyside. READ MORELiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meetingLiverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transferDarwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer' during private Benfica talks  Jurgen Klopp seems set on landing the attacker, who scored twice against Liverpool last season on his way to netting 34 goals in all competitions. He would seemingly act as a replacement for Sadio Mane, who remains close to joining Bayern Munich despite Liverpool rejecting their opening two offers for the Senegal international. Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota will also help fill the void left behind by Mane, although Nunez would be expected to operate as the central striker. The Reds look set to offload a number of players this summer in order to help facilitate a deal for Nunez as Klopp prepares to clear out the fringe players within his squad. Divock Origi is set to join AC Milan on a free transfer while Takumi Minamino and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are also expected to depart. Liverpool are looking for around £17m for Minamino, who was their top goalscorer in both the FA Cup and Carabao Cup last season. Meanwhile, Manchester United are keen to add another striker to their ranks before the start of the new season as they look to provide Cristiano Ronaldo with some added competition. Nunez is believed to be their No 1 target although it seems United are unwilling to match the kind of figures being requested by Benfica.