Prince William officially says goodbye to his 30s today (June 21), but his work as a senior member of the Royal Family is likely to remain as busy as ever over the next 10 years. Express.co.uk takes a look at what awaits the Duke in his 40s as he continues to support the Queen and Prince Charles with royal duties. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are firmly established as some of the Royal Family's most popular members, and they have both carved out their distinct philanthropic interests. The Royal Foundation launched the Earthshot Prize last year to support environmental efforts, while Kate has championed early years development with the newly-launched Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. William will likely continue to use his royal platform to support charitable causes over the years to come, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk. He added: "William will, as at present, carry out royal engagements which, whenever possible are attached to the causes he supports such as homelessness, environmental issues and mental health. This shows how valuable royal patronage is." READ MORE: Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed'  An extension of William's royal work involves representing the Royal Family abroad, and it seems royal tours will undergo some changes after his Caribbean tour faced criticism earlier this year. The criticism was levelled at an outdated royal tour format, and what was perceived to be a failure to address issues such as slavery and republicanism in Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. But William broke with royal precedent and addressed some of this criticism in a statement after the tour concluded, writing that it was a good time to "reflect" on how to do things differently.  He added: “Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. "What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can.” While royal tours will likely be "different" in the future, Mr Fitzwilliams added that Kate and William will continue to be in "demand" on the world stage. The royal expert added: "[William] and Catherine are the world’s most glamorous royal couple and will be much in demand abroad, royal tours are Britain’s most effective use of soft power. "Yes, royal tours will be different, expect them to be as flawless in future as they used to be before the Caribbean tour, though many of their critics had a republican agenda." DON'T MISS:Prince Charles shares heartwarming photos of royal family life [PICTURES]Prince William still 'very hurt' after Harry and Meghan family lashing [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Prince William be the next King? [POLL]  Another major change William will encounter in this decade is a change of scenery, as the Cambridge family are expected to move to Windsor very soon to be closer to the Queen. Prince George and Princess Charlotte will end their final term at Thomas's Battersea in London, and they are likely to enrol at a new school near Windsor ready for next year. Kensington Palace will likely remain the Duke and Duchess' administrative hub and base in the capital, while Anmer Hall in Norfolk will remain their beloved Norfolk hideaway.  But Adelaide Cottage, a relatively modest home in Windsor Home Park, is said to be the Cambridge family's new Berkshire residence. Mr Fitzwilliams added: "When they relocate to Windsor in the summer, he and Catherine will be near the Queen and another school will be found for George and Charlotte where Louis is expected to join them. "William and Catherine will ensure they grow up with as much privacy as possible whilst allowing access on specific occasions. "The Platinum Jubilee celebrations highlighted the worldwide interest in everything they do." 