Michael Schumacher would “tell Guenther Steiner where to go” over criticisms of Mick Schumacher’s driving at Haas, according to Bernie Ecclestone. The former F1 boss said Michael would kick back over the criticism aimed at his son after a difficult start to the season. Schumacher came under fire from Haas after he was involved in two heavy shunts this season. However, Ecclestone says Michael would have handled the situation if he was around the paddock. He said: “If Michael was here, he would tell Gunther where to go. That would help a lot." Mick Schumacher has cost the team millions of pounds in damage after accidents at the Saudi Arabian and Monaco Grands Prix. The incidents prompted Steiner to hit back at the young German, claiming after Monaco it was “not very satisfactory” to have another big crash again. He also gave no assurances over his future, hinting Schumacher could be ditched at the end of the season. Steiner simply said: “We need to see how we move forward from here." READ MORE: Mick Schumacher hit with 'serious conversation' threat by Haas boss The Haas team principal has since added “no team would be happy” about the two accidents and stressed “things hadn’t gone to plan”. Steiner admitted he “had no problem with Mick” but said the driver had to understand that “everyone is expected to perform”. However, Ecclestone has blasted Steiner’s approach, claiming Mick needs help to achieve his best. He explained: “He doesn't need people telling him that all the time. "He needs someone to help him and not criticise him too much." Despite this, Ecclestone said he still fears for Schumacher’s future on the grid and hopes another team will take a gamble. DON'T MISSGuenther Steiner hits out at Christian Horner and Red Bull over budget [INSIGHT]Michael Schumacher 'burden' ruining son Mick's F1 career [COMMENT]Mick Schumacher's 'people looking at options' with Haas' patience thin [ANALYSIS] He added: “If he upsets the team and they kick him out, the question then becomes whether another team is ready to take him on. So he's suffering a bit and hoping someone will give him a chance. He has the ability, so it's whether there's a team that wants to take him and try to see if he is as good as his dad." Ecclestone claimed Red Bull would be a good place for Schumacher to show his potential. He also picked dad Michael’s former squad Mercedes as a possible option if Lewis Hamilton or George Russell left the team. He explained: “I would like to see him in a different car - a more competitive car. I would like to see him in the Mercedes, that would be nice."