Tottenham look set to miss out on landing Inter Milan centre-back Alessandro Bastoni this summer, with the ace reportedly keen to stay at the San Siro. And that means Spurs boss Antonio Conte will be forced to turn his attentions elsewhere. Bastoni played under Conte for two seasons when the former Chelsea boss was in charge at Inter. And the defender was instrumental as the Nerazzurri won the Serie A title in 2021. But, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, the player’s agent has already told Inter that his client will be staying put this summer. So Express Sport takes a look at four other centre-backs Spurs could now target. Josko Gvardiol RB Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol has been tipped to move to the Premier League this summer, with Spurs, Chelsea and Manchester United all reportedly circling. The 20-year Croatia international enjoyed a stellar season in Germany last time around after joining the club from Dinamo Zagreb last summer. And he helped Leipzig reach the Europa League semi-finals following their early exit from the Champions League. The ace has been tipped to move onto bigger and better things - and Tottenham could be the team to benefit. READ MORE: Tottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing  Sven Botman Sven Botman joined Lille from Ajax two summers ago before he had even made a first-team appearance for the Dutch side. And he has been sensational in France as he helped Lille stun Paris Saint-Germain to win the Ligue 1 title in 2021. The 22-year-old is attracting interest from Newcastle and AC Milan and came close to moving to St James’ Park in January. But Tottenham could hijack the move and give the star the opportunity to play Champions League football. Pau Torres Pau Torres was part of the Villarreal team that reached the semi-finals of last season’s Champions League and is also regular for Spain. The 25-year-old has enjoyed a stellar rise to the top of the game since joining his current employers from Malaga in 2019 and played in all six of his country’s Euro 2020 matches last summer. DON'T MISS Man Utd and Chelsea decide to target PSV star Ibrahim Sangare Chelsea may have missed out on ideal N'Golo Kante successor Man Utd could be about to make transfer mistake with Frenkie de Jong     Spurs are reportedly keen to land Torres and are willing to offer Villarreal Giovani Lo Celso in part-exchange. But the north Londoners could face a transfer battle to land the defender as Manchester United are also said to be interested in signing him. Clement Lenglet Clement Lenglet has made 159 appearances for Barcelona but has made a number of errors during his time at the Nou Camp and fell out of favour last season. The 26-year-old, who has won 15 caps for France, is no longer a guaranteed starter in Spain and there are suggestions that Spurs are close to signing him. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 