Patrick Adams, a pioneering disco producer on the New York dance scene, has died aged 72, in his sleep. His daughter, Joi Sanchez confirmed the news in a heartfelt Facebook post, as she paid tribute to her amazing father. His daughter wrote: "He who dubbed me joy at birth, taught me how to live in love, made himself unforgettable in every way to me and to so many others in the world. "Patrick Adams has moved on but some of us, like me, will forever be stuck [happily] in what he created for us and by us. "My father passed away earlier today in his sleep at the golden age of 72 after living a life of music. "Forever grateful for what I learned from him? Who I became because of who he was." READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, accidentally flashes knickers in summer dress Many have rushed to pay tribute to the legendary music producer, including Nile Rodgers. Nile took to Twitter in view of his 210,600 followers to share his condolences. He wrote: "#ripPatrickAdams One of my favorite #composer #producer #musicians and #people. "The world of music owes you so much." Some of his greatest hits include 1971's I Keep Asking You Questions, 1972's Touching You, and 1987's It's Alright. Nile credited Patrick for his career, with his work in the disco world pioneering his hits with Daft Punk. Speaking of his friend, he said: "Patrick is a master at keeping butts on the dance floor." He also told Jason King recently: "Patrick Adams is not only one of my favorite composers/producers, he’s also one of my greatest influences. DON'T MISS... Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days [INSIGHT] The One Show blasted by viewers for 'wasted' Rowan Atkinson interview [BBC] Brian May slams Brexit 'catastrophe' as he leaves UK for Europe tour [COMMENT] "I don’t mind admitting that I sometimes copy bits of Patrick’s chord progressions. "They were some of the cleverest and vibey back in the day when [we] started Chic." Other fans have taken to social media to pay tribute to the late producer. Glitterbox said: "Beyond sad to hear of the passing of Patrick Adams. "An integral part of New York dance music history and involved in one way or another in so many of the records we know and love." Marc4hero added: "Rest in Peace. We've lost a giant. Someone more of us should have known. "If you have listened to the radio at all in the last 40 years, chances are you've heard one of Patrick Adam's songs. "He has worked in almost every facet of the industry - songwriting, producing, arranging, engineering, and having an indelible influence on artists across genres. "While Adam's name is spoken with respect within the music industry, he's barely known outside of it".