Although the Government data reports only 77,550 cases for the week ending on June 16, The Office for National Statistics (ONS) recorded a higher number. The ONS estimates a whopping 1.13million cases on any given day in the week ending June 10. The recent rise in Covid cases could be leaving people with various symptoms from stomach pain to high temperature. The ZOE COVID Study app was the first to establish the connection between gastrointestinal (GI) problems and the Covid infection thanks to reports from patients using the app. The Covid tummy signs include the likes of diarrhoea, stomach pain and loss of appetite. The ZOE explained that these signs can be all symptoms pointing to coronavirus. GI symptoms were a “common hallmark” of Covid during the Alpha and Delta strain. READ MORE: High cholesterol: The cheap food that can 'remove bad cholesterol from the body’ in weeks  However, signs like these also emerged during the Omicron wave that started last winter. Patients infected with the extra transmissible strain were complaining of signs like skipping meals or losing their appetite. ZOE also reported that “a significant proportion” of patients who tested positive experienced GI symptoms. In fact, the Omicron wave brought attention to various symptoms of Covid different from the traditional three. Before the appearance of the milder variant, the main symptoms of Covid were considered to be cough, fever and loss or change to taste and smell. However, thanks to doctors and patients, new symptoms have been brought to light, becoming characteristic for Omicron. The NHS also included symptoms like diarrhoea and loss of appetite to its revised symptom list in April. While tummy signs could ring the alarm bells, there’s also a variety of other Covid symptoms that could give the infection away. The new NHS list of symptoms includes these signs: The health service notes that signs like these could be difficult to spot as they are “very similar” to symptoms of flu and colds. Although there’s no legal requirement to self-isolate anymore, the NHS still encourages avoiding close contact with others. It says: “Try to stay at home and avoid contact with other people if you have symptoms of COVID-19.” The health service also notes that infected people should take “extra care to avoid close contact” with anyone who is at higher risk of getting a serious illness. It adds that you can resume your normal activities once you feel better or don’t have a high temperature.