The Princess and her family will reportedly be moving to the CostaTerra Golf and Ocean Club where Jack is working to manage a housing development. But where are the best areas for British expats? Express.co.uk spoke to the expert team at Chestertons Portugal to get their advice for new British expats. A spokesperson said: “Portugal is more than just the sun and beaches of the Algarve. “Like Britain, its longest and most deeply-established ally, it has a rich and varied history of conquest and reconquest, a landscape of ancient castles, mountains, rivers, lakes and rich agricultural vistas. “Blue flag beaches abound everywhere along the Portuguese coastline signalling high quality unpolluted seawater, an Atlantic that makes both safe swimming and, when the wind and tides are favourable, for sensational surfing.” READ MORE: World cruise sells out - fares starting at £69k Princess Eugenie’s new home is located between the luxury destinations of Comporta and Melides but there are many more exciting Portuguese locations to explore. Chestertons Portugal team said: “Porto, Lisbon and the Algarve are best suited to families and retirees from Britain making a lifestyle change, offering good educational opportunities for the children and access to a high quality of healthcare." While cities are always a popular choice for newcomers, one other area stands out. The team said: "The Alentejo is considered to be best suited to those seeking a calm and tranquil retirement or those hopeful entrepreneurs seeking a 'Good Life' style of business opportunities in its agricultural and horticultural environment. “In 2019 Forbes described the Alentejo as 'the new place to go in Portugal' and north Europeans, Americans and Brazilians are now among the people seeking the tranquillity the region offers, following in the footsteps of wealthy Lisbon and Porto families who have long chosen the empty beaches and plains of the Alentejo for holiday homes, long weekends and wine tasting.” The Alentejo’s wineries are world renowned making it a fantastic home for expats interested in the finer things in life. While Portugal’s cities and wine regions attract many British expats, the Algarve remains one of the most popular spots. The Chestertons team added: “The Algarve isn’t just one of the world’s premier holiday destinations for its sun-kissed beaches and (more even than California!) its 300-plus days of sunshine each year, but it’s also perfect for people chasing their dream of a home in the sun—particularly one in such a location less than three hours flying time from most of the UK and one which welcomes British expats with open arms. “Whether it’s the luxury villas on the golf developments—there are 35 golf courses along the 90-mile length and breadth of the Algarve at an average of one every three miles—or the less expensive villas, quintas and apartments as you travel further west, then out onto the Algarve’s west coast, there is something to fit every pocket, every budget, every desire.” But how can Britons relocate to Portugal? Christina Hippisley, General Manager of the Portuguese Chamber of Commerce in the UK says that Britons keen on moving permanently to Portugal will find a warm welcome and a wide range of visa options to choose from. She told Express.co.uk: “If you want to reside full time in Portugal you can apply for the D7 visa, for example, which allows you to live there as a resident and eventually apply for citizenship. “The process is relatively straightforward. Once resident you can also apply for the Non Habitual Tax regime, which allows you to pay a maximum of 10 percent income tax on your pension income for 10 years, or a maximum of 20 percent income tax if you are working in an ‘approved’ profession. “As always, research the subject before you make the final decision.”