Dean Westmoreland joined the BBC One heartwarming docuseries The Repair Shop in 2021 and has quickly made himself at home in the barn. But what is the shoemaker's life like when he is away from the workshop and its cameras? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Dean Westmoreland. Dean Westmoreland has been in a long-term relationship with a woman called Leigh for more than a decade. Little is known about her and their relationship as her social media is private and Westmoreland rarely shares any insight into his personal life. However, back in 2018, he did post a picture of himself proposing to Leigh over a delicious afternoon tea. One picture is of the cobbler presenting the ring over the table and the second is of Leigh cuddling her new fiancé. READ MORE: ‘Was very demanding’ Virgin River’s Doc star on 'exhausting' role In the caption, he wrote: "She said yes! "None of my achievements over the last 7 years would have been possible without this lady and her love & support. I’m a lucky man." It has been reported the couple live together in Clayton, Bradford, with their two sons six-year-old Oscar and four-year-old Otis. In 2019, they also got a puppy with Westmoreland sharing an adorable picture of the pooch with the jokey caption: "I thought having young children and a business wasn’t quite stressful enough so I gone n got a puppy." It isn't clear if Westmoreland and Leigh have yet tied the knot with the cobbler not posting anything about their big day. The wedding could be any day now though as he took to Instagram in April to state that their wedding was a matter of weeks away. He also shared a cute picture of him and Leigh from 10 years ago. Westmoreland wrote: "8 weeks and I get to marry this gem of a human." DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk reveals sweet gift newborn daughter [CAST]The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series [EXPLAINER]The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk gobsmacked by story behind BBC show first [REACTION] The Repair Shop star started his career as a footwear specialist at JJB Sports. This was until he became an apprentice shoemaker and in 2017, he decided to take the leap of opening up his open shoe repair business after 10 years of experience. His shop Yorkshire Sole is based in Shipley, West Yorkshire. Westmoreland says on the website: "It's all about micro-detail to me, small things like cleaning and polishing the uppers on all repairs as standard, using brass nails in heels instead of steel, using hand tools, hand welting and treating each pair of shoes as my own. "All this and more seemed to have been forgotten." Westmoreland will be facing his next challenge in the upcoming episode of The Repair Shop. The synopsis reads: "There's a first for master cobbler Dean Westmoreland, when Grant Harvey and his mum Tracey deliver a pair of enormous clown shoes! "They were once the possession of Grant’s great-uncle, Bert, who worked in a car factory by day and by night toured the working men’s clubs and children’s parties as a clown. "He delighted in making people laugh in his red nose and very big shoes, and did it for most of his adult life. "Both Grant and Tracey loved him dearly and feel the flattened, faded and scuffed leather shoes should be restored to preserve this funny man’s memory." The Repair Shop continues every Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.