The number of delayed or cancelled flights has led to many holiday cancelletions. Fortunately, Berkshire Live has rounded up tips and advice on how to check whether or not your flight is still going ahead.    Jet2's Flight Tracker will let you find out the status of your Jet2 flight. Select a departure and arrival airport, or enter a flight number and select 'Go'. In addition to this, Jet2 has a section on their website entitled Latest Travel Information - this has frequent updates on the status of Jet2 flights.  The best way to keep up to date on the status of your easyJet flight is via their Flight Tracker. This can also be accessed via their mobile app. If your flight is more than two days in advance, sign in by using your booking reference and last name or your account details. Ryanair’s Flight Tracker enables you to check the latest status of your Ryanair flight. If your flight has been impacted by any disruption, you will receive an email and SMS notification from Ryanair.  TUI’s dedicated Flight Tracker enables you to check the status of your TUI flight by inputting the flight number and route.  British Airways Flight Tracker allows you to check the status of your British Airways flight on their website and app.  If your flight has been cancelled, your airline or the company you booked your flight with, should make contact with you. This is usually by telephone or email. Keep an eye on your email inbox and spam folder so that important messages don’t get missed.  On the lead up to your flight's depature date, keep an eye on the airline's social media accounts. This may give you a heads-up on potential delays or cancellations, so you are as prepared as you can be. Also look at your airline’s social media channels on the day of travel. This way you are keeping track in real-time of any change in scheduled flights.  On the day of your departure, check the status of your flight before you leave for the airport, using your airline’s app (from those mentioned above) or a third-party website such as FlightAware Flight Tracker. This flight-tracking data company lets search by flight number or route.