Arsenal have the potential to use William Saliba in their attempts to sign Victor Osimhen this summer. Napoli have reportedly looked at the possibility of signing Saliba and therefore the Gunners could include the Frenchman as part of a deal to land Osimhen. The centre-back only committed his future to Arsenal at the weekend. Saliba is still yet to play a single first-team match for the Gunners and has just finished a hugely successful loan spell at Ligue 1 club Marseille. Despite Saliba stating he will remain at the Emirates next season, Italian football expert Gianluigi Longari claims Napoli 'appreciate' the player after assessing his profile, though they know he would be 'very expensive'. Arsenal are interested in signing Napoli striker Osimhen, with Alexandre Lacazette's exit confirmed last week. The Nigerian is one of a long list of targets for Mikel Arteta. CalcioMercato claimed late last month that Napoli had turned down an offer of £76million from Arsenal for the 23-year-old. READ MORE: What Mikel Arteta's said on Arsenal selling best players as Man City hunt Saka  The Serie A side are holding out for a fee nearer to £93m. But Arsenal could bring down that price if they include Saliba as part of the deal. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta would have to weigh up the pros and cons of letting Saliba leave, if it meant getting a deal for Osimhen over the line. Osimhen is not Arsenal's top striker target this summer, with Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus the preferred option. But perhaps it is Napoli's asking price which has put the Gunners off for now. Reducing that in a player-plus-cash deal could make him a more attractive proposition to Arsenal chiefs. Osimhen scored 14 goals in 27 league appearances for Napoli last season. He missed part of the campaign after suffering a fractured cheekbone. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'ready to pay £69m' for Frenkie de Jong as Barcelona 'willing to hand over' player [RUMOUR]Man Utd can repeat Bruno Fernandes trick with star Pep Guardiola branded 'best in world' [TRANSFERS]Matthijs de Ligt 'rules out Man Utd' and would only join four clubs including Liverpool [GOSSIP]  He only moved to Naples in 2020 and still has three years remaining on his contract. Saliba, meanwhile, has often hinted at a desire of staying at Marseille for longer than a season. But at the weekend he confirmed he would be back at Arsenal this summer and will fight for a spot in the team. Saliba said: "I belong to Arsenal, I still have two years left. "I will be back with Arsenal. I have played zero matches and I still want to show them my true face and have the chance to play for these fans and this great club."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here