Every summer I create a display of bedding plants, perennial plants, shrubs and even small trees outside our back door which will last for five to six months. Summer bedding plants are great as fillers, spillers and as showstoppers, come in a vast range of colours, scents, textures, shapes and forms, and seed can be saved at the end of summer so that you can have a go at growing your own for next year. Late May to early June is the perfect time to plant your bedding plants. If you have grown them from seed you will need to start hardening them off now, alternatively small plants can be bought online at garden centres and nurseries and grown on for a couple of weeks before planting out. If you know that you will no longer get frosts then you can plant up pots, hanging baskets and containers now and just place them in a sheltered spot until late May. Summer bedding plants are great for beginner gardeners as you get to see the full impact almost immediately. Classic bedding plants are begonia, petunia, marigold, busy lizzie, sweet pea, lobelia, antirrhinum and cosmos. READ MORE: 'Lawn you’ve always dreamed of': How to feed grass - 'essential for a gorgeous garden' You will need to know how much sun your garden, patio or terrace receives. Is it always in the shade or perhaps in a windy area? Picking the right plants for the right conditions is essential for dazzling displays. Begonias and Busy lizzies are perfect summer bedding plants, for example, as they grow happily in sun and shade. When it comes to planting your bedding plants you can go formal with symmetrical planting or carpet bedding where plants are grown in close proximity together so that they knit together like a woven carpet, and normally done with very intricate designs. Just be mindful that carpet bedding schemes require a lot of time, energy and effort. Alternatively, use bedding plants as fillers among your borders to add a zing of colour, some gorgeous texture or delicious scent. For pots and containers, if you get into the rhythm of doing it, you can have colourful plants for 12 months of the year by doing successional planting, where you plant in late spring for summer displays and then in the autumn for winter/spring displays. DON'T MISSHow to make a small garden seem bigger: Pro's 'cunning ways' [EXPERT] 'Top plants': Bring this year's Chelsea Flower Show to your garden [HOW TO] 'Secret ingredients to transform your lawn' from gardening pro [INSIGHT] Summer bedding plants such as begonia, marigold, salvia and lobelia can be replaced with winter wonders, such as pansy, viola, cyclamen and polyanthus. My top summer bedding plants for 2022 are Cosmos bipinnatus "Apricot Lemonade" with soft pink-apricot shades, Nicotiana x hybrida "Whisper Mixed" F1 with a lovely mix of white and pink flowers on 90cm stems, the everlasting flowers of Xeranthemum annuum which are loved by pollinators, Salvia viridis "Blue Monday", Dianthus barbatus "Electron Mix", which can be grown as a perennial in sheltered southern gardens, Antirrhinum majus "Chantilly Velvet" F1 with velvety pink-red blooms and Begonia "Glowing Embers" with bright, single orange flowers. For a touch of rich colours how about growing zinnias, which are true American natives found in the southwest of the USA, Mexico and Central America? The "Zahara" variety come in single-flowered and double-flowered. They are exceptional garden performers and are mildew resistant. The colours make up for these unscented beauties. The Zahara variety is shorter than other zinnias, c. 35cm, robust and multi-branching, resulting in more flowers. Zinnia elegans ‘Giant Dahlia Mix’ have gorgeous, large and long-lasting flowers in a mix of oranges, reds, pinks and yellows. These are perfect for the cutting garden, reaching c. 90cm, and will last in vase of water for weeks on end. Seeds can be sown in April and May and 12 weeks later you will see your first set of flowers. And, these will continue to flower until the first frosts. Summer bedding plants don’t, however, have to be in bright colours. You can just as easily create a cool pastel arrangement either in containers or borders using Petunia x hybrida "Tidal Wave Silver" F1, Lobelia erinus "Waterfall Lavender", Brachyscome multifida "Blue and White mix", Heliotropium arborescens "Reva", with a scent of almond and red cherries, and Helichrysum microphyllum "Silver Mist". Summer bedding plants will need to be watered once a day during summer, perhaps twice during really hot summers – early morning and early evening, when its cooler. Also, as most composts for pots and containers contain only enough feed for two to three months you will need to feed with a high potassium feed, such as tomato feed at least once a week for better flowers. And, to keep the flowers going you will need to deadhead the plants regularly. Some bedding plants, such as fuchsia, calibrachoa and lobelia don’t require deadheading, freeing you up to enjoy your garden. Whatever you choose and whether you opt for bright, bold colours or cool pastels, make the most of summer with summer bedding plants.