Last week, heartbroken Coronation Street fans watched poor Imran Habeeb (played by Charlie de Melo) die at the side of the road after Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) crashed their car. Ever since, Toyah has been having flashbacks from the accident but denies to the police that she crashed the car on purpose. Despite being shown CCTV footage from that evening, Toyah insists it was never her intention to crash the car or to hurt Imran. ITV viewers are the only ones who know what really happened, however, during Monday night's instalment, Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) aired his suspicions about Toyah. When police pulled Toyah in for questioning, Adam didn't hesitate and stepped in as her solicitor. "I am sorry I can't be more help, but I've already told you everything I can remember," Toyah told DS Swain (Vicky Myers). "You can't remember trying to slow down or turning the wheel?" the police officer quizzed. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting "No," Toyah insisted. "I am sure that I would have..." "And there was no mechanical failure," DS swain interrupted as Adam stepped in: "She said she can't remember what happened in the car." DS Swain proceeded to play the CCTV footage from the crash, and at that moment Toyah can be heard saying: "I hate you, Imran, I hate you with all my heart." Toyah gasped as she witnessed the car crashing into the wall, and she burst into tears. Despite backing Toyah in front of the police, Adam later discovered Imran was going to change his will before the crash. He also spoke with his wife, Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien), as he admitted the changing of the will and the timing of the crash didn't sit right with him. However, according to official soap spoilers, Adam could end up exposing Toyah after he realises what really happened with the crash. At Imran’s funeral, Toyah delivers a heartfelt eulogy, saying how she wishes Imran had survived the car crash not her. DON'T MISS...Piers slaps down guest's call for president to replace monarchy [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn discusses character clash in ITV series [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans fear for Toyah as Imran's real killer exposed [SPOILERS] However, eagle-eyed Adam is sceptical about the speech. With the funeral over, Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) tells Toyah about Adam’s suspicions and how the police have just questioned him about her desperation for a baby. Toyah calls in at the police station and tells DS Swain there are things they need to talk about. During the interview, Toyah makes it clear that she didn’t intend to kill Imran or herself and she won’t lie to that effect. However, does she really know the truth or is Toyah trying to convince herself that she didn't mean to hurt Imran? To add another drama to Imran's death, fans have been coming up with their own theories about Toyah and what might happen next in the soap. Despite her and Imran's infertility struggles in the past, some viewers think that by some miracle, Toyah could be pregnant. Taking to social media to share their thoughts, user @CavoloChe shared: "I bet Toyah is pregnant with Imran's baby." "There’s a thought.." Alan S replied before Donna added: "I was thinking the same thing. I don't remember hearing, why she can't have kids of her own." While Ryan tweeted: "Shock twist: imagine if Toyah was pregnant with Imran's baby. Can Toyah fall pregnant now? Or is it all down to IVF now? #Corrie." Chantal said: "I wonder if Toyah becomes pregnant with Imran's child." Coronation Street airs on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.