Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield spoke to couple Lydia Barker and Billy Brown who had been accused of being too loud in the bedroom by their neighbour. The This Morning hosts then listened to an audio clip of the couple having sex before sharing their thoughts on whether they agreed with the disgruntled neighbour. The ITV show had asked the couple to record themselves having sex. Phillip said: “So let’s see what happens it’s going to be played down our ear now.” “We’ll be the judge of this,” he said and Holly added: “Do we want to do this?” Both Holly and Phillip gasped as the former quipped: “Right, got it. That’s definitely all I need to hear. Read more: Laura Tobin red-faced as she repeatedly forgets GMB co-star's name “You definitely like to talk to each other during your love-making.” “Yeah she never shuts up,” Billy joked as his partner laughed. “Maybe part of the complaints might be about the words you were actually shouting,” Phillip suggested. Lydia turned to her partner but Phillip interjected: “No, Lydia it was you who was shouting them!” “Possibly,” Billy agreed before the This Morning host asked if the complaint had changed things. Billy agreed that it had and the couple were more respectful of their neighbours. Lydia explained she had been living in the property for two months before receiving the complaint. She admitted she was “shocked” when she received a letter from the housing company. DON'T MISS Adil Ray puts RMT boss on spot over 25% pay rise for workers [INTERVIEW]GMB viewers lash out at remainer protester 'Get some security!' [VIDEO]Lorraine reflects on Charles 'learning lessons' from Will and Kate [INSIGHT] This Morning’s Phillip asked the couple how long they usually have sex for. Billy joked: “Just a quick two minutes,” and Lydia quipped: “Yeah 120 seconds.” This Morning viewers were left divided over the cheeky segment. @mikepriestley13 tweeted: “Well this is a very strange opening to the show like ever Phil and Holly hearing them having sex #ThisMorning.” @is_toxicc remarked: “Not me putting on #ThisMorning with my mum round and the opening segment is about some randos having sex too loud.” However, @Julia_Milligan1 vented: “This is an awful start to #thismorning. They are laughing but I'd be so embarrassed. Don't want to think of them having sex.” @laurenctal questioned: “WHY would you out yourself on national TV after being complained by neighbours for having loud sex?! #thismorning.” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.