Deputy MP Dominic Raab reacted to Boris Johnson’s victory in the no-confidence vote, which saw over 41 percent of Tory MPs voting against the Prime Minister. Referring to the ballot outcome, he claimed the Prime Minister's critics should “respect the result” as it is important that the Government does not focus on “internal conversation” but rather on “bread and butter issues” that the country is now facing. He said “we move forward to deliver for the country” after suggesting “we draw a line in the sand after this vote”. Speaking to LBC host Nick Ferrari, Mr Raab said: “I think it’s important to respect the result. “The country expects us to focus on them and not on the internal conversation. “I think we should come together for the country. “And focus on bread and butter issues that will make their lives better. “I think we draw a line in the sand after this vote. “We move forward to deliver for the people in this country. “And that is the way we do the right thing by our constituents. “And this is what we should be focused on delivery, delivery, delivery.” READ MORE: Boris snub leaves ‘Brexiteers furious' as expert brands PM a ‘loner’ He added: “We had last night a national security bill go through second reading in the House of Commons barely commented by anyone. “But that will help us deal with hostile states, given the situation Ukraine with Russia. “We’ve got the Levelling Up bills coming forward for second reading tomorrow. “We’ve got a tax cut on National Insurance in July. DON'T MISS: Devastated family ordered to demolish summerhouse and 'eyesore' fence [WATCH]Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [LISTEN]Trans cyclists beat women riders in new ‘inclusive’ race [INSIGHT] “The £400 energy bill cash grant in October”. The claims come as results from yesterday’s confidence vote saw Boris Johnson winning the support of 211 MPs, despite 41 percent of his party having voted against him. The result was compared to Theresa May’s conference vote held in 2018 which saw the former PM winning by 200 votes to 117, but being forced to leave the office just six months after winning the ballot. Despite 148 MPs not having voted for him, Boris Johnson commented the result was “extremely good, positive, conclusive and decisive”. He also stressed that the victory would allow him to “move on to unite and focus on delivery” for the country.