Supermarkets would be barred from selling everyday items, and holidaymakers could be prevented from taking family pets to other parts of the UK. It comes as polling shows voters believe the EU is refusing to compromise over Northern Ireland in order to punish the UK for Brexit. Under current EU plans, Lincolnshire sausages and other chilled meats from Great Britain would need a veterinary certificate to enter Northern Ireland and a range of food originating from outside the EU, such as Thai Green Curry ready meals and New Zealand Lamb, would probably be unavailable in Northern Ireland shops. Pet owners would need to pay £250 for certificates and treatments for their pets to go on holiday in the rest of the UK. Sending a parcel from NI would require 50 fields of information for the declaration form. In addition, seed potatoes would continue to be banned from entering Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK. This puts at risk the Northern Ireland potato industry, as more than 90 percent of the Northern Ireland crop is reliant on seed potatoes from other parts of the UK. A Foreign Office source said: “The current EU proposals fail to properly address the real issues affecting Northern Ireland and in some cases would take us backward. “The answer cannot be more checks, paperwork and disruption. Our preference has always been for a negotiated solution but we cannot wait to fix the problems with the Protocol on the ground”. Brussels insists it will not enter negotiations about changing the Protocol, although it says it has offered to discuss how it is implemented. A new poll by Teche for the Sunday Express found 41 percent of UK voters believe the EU is committing “Brexit revenge” with its refusal to compromise. The poll found 34 percent disagree and others said they don’t know. The Northern Ireland Protocol, part of the Brexit withdrawal agreement signed by the UK and EU in 2020, is designed to avoid restrictions on goods crossing the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland by ensuring checks are instead carried out when products are transported between Northern Ireland and other parts of the UK. Many Unionist politicians have objected because it effectively creates a border between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. The DUP, the leading unionist party, has blocked the establishment of a devolved government until the matter is resolved. The UK is calling for changes to the Protocol so that goods bought into Northern Ireland from other parts of the UK by trusted traders are exempt from customs controls as long as they are due to be sold in Northern Ireland rather than exported. Last week it presented legislation to Parliament to introduce the change unilaterally. European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic said last week: “It is very much ripping up the protocol and I don’t think that is good for anyone.” The EU withdrawal agreement states that either the EU or UK “may unilaterally take appropriate safeguard measures” if the Northern Ireland Protocol “leads to serious economic, societal or environmental difficulties that are liable to persist, or to diversion of trade, the Union or the United Kingdom.”