Queen Letizia chose a printed jumpsuit from Mango last week for a cultural meeting in Madrid, Spain. The royal donned the 'Creta' printed bow detail jumpsuit which currently retails for £35.99. Earlier this week, Queen Letizia attended a meeting with the Board of Trustees of the Princess of Asturias Foundation wearing the 'Danimala' shirt dress from BOSS. The midi dress featured three-quarter-length sleeves and a zebra print. But are royals allowed to wear animal print? According to Daena Borrowman, fashion expert and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, they are and in fact, British royals are fans of animal-printed designs. READ MORE: Hair loss: 'Hair-care' habits ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss  Daena explained: “Though working royal wardrobes can get rather formal and decorous, many royals have not hesitated to let their personality shine through by adopting fun prints into their wardrobe. "Leopard print is a hugely popular animal print in royal circles. Despite the tendency of the print to sometimes overwhelm its wearer, many royal women have spectacularly pulled it off. "The Queen herself has given animal-printed clothing her royal seal of approval. Black and white images exist of a young Queen Elizabeth II sporting a furry leopard print coat in the 1950s and 60s. We love to see it." According to the expert, Princess Diana also loved animal prints and "looked spectacular in any kind of animal print".  Daena explained: "Her historic wardrobe included a statement coat with animal print cuffs and a matching collar. She even went all-out leopard print in a swimsuit with a matching skirt on a holiday in the Virgin Islands in 1990." But even the Duchess of Cambridge, who usually gravitates towards more classic clothing, has had a go at animal prints. The fashion expert said: "Once, while she was expecting, she turned up to an engagement in a Dalmatian print maternity dress. "In January 2020, she also sported a leopard-printed Zara skirt that reportedly experienced the 'Kate effect' and completely sold out. "The Duchess of Sussex, too, has dipped her toes into animal prints, quite literally. In both her Hollywood days and her royal days, Meghan has worn animal-printed shoes from leopard-print kitten heels to cow-printed pumps. "Some royals have adopted a more mild version of the animal print trend, such as Princess Eugenie, who has carried a leopard print tote, the Countess of Wessex who wowed in a leopard print pillbox hat and the Duchess of Cornwall who sported a leopard print mask during the pandemic,” Daena explained. Queen Letizia's recent looks have been praised by fans with @rmsgreeneyedlady saying the Spanish monarch was "fabulous". "She is a fashion icon," she added. Royal watcher @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "This is a lovely look. "Nicely tailored. Pop of colour. "Fun pattern on the dress." Instagram user @krysita_ said: "Fresh, comfortable, chic but 'serious' enough."