Andy Murray, 35, takes on America’s John Isner this afternoon as he seeks to book his place in Wimbledon’s third round. The clash on Centre Court comes after Murray fought back to beat James Duckworth in his opening match of this year’s tournament on Monday. The two-time Wimbledon champion has only ever lost four sets to his fellow tennis veteran Isner. The American, who stands at 6ft 10in, is known for his huge serve but is most famous for holding the record for the longest-ever tennis match. “I’ve always been criticised for that. I’ve broken a few rackets in my career, but I’m more of a shouter. “On the court is where that side of me comes out. It’s strange, because I refuse to shout at the children. “Unless they’re pushing each other down the stairs or about to put their hand in the fire. “If they’re doing something naughty, I talk it through rather than shout.” Murray’s temper got the better of him in January of this year as he prepared for the Australian Open. The British star slammed down his racquet during a warm-up match for the Grand Slam as part of the Melbourne Summer Series. Murray’s defeat to the world number 76 Facundo Bagnis in his first match of the year left him visibly frustrated. Taking his seat as the game began to run away from him, Murray again threw down his racquet and punched his bag. Another recent moment of rage came in March last year at the World Tennis Tournament in Rotterdam. The former world number one cursed and smashed up his racquet on the ground during his 7-5, 6-2 loss to Andrey Rublev. DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic's bitter family feud with Roger Federer: 'Not a good man' [LATEST]'Who’s going to turn that down?' Christopher Walken's odd lion tamer career before acting [INSIGHT]Björn Borg’s rage in feud with John McEnroe stunned American: ‘I was totally shocked’ [ANALYSIS] During his interview with The Times, Murray also discussed what it was like being in the media spotlight. He said that after he made spontaneous comments during interviews in his early career, he became more guarded in his comments. However, this approach led to him being perceived as grumpy and even boring, he admitted. He said: “I felt very uncomfortable in front of the media, because I didn’t trust them to report what I was saying. “When I first came on the tennis tour when I was 18 or 19, I was shooting from the hip, saying whatever came to my mind.” Coverage of Murray vs Isner will be shown live across the BBC this afternoon.