The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday for the ceremony to commemorate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Meghan Markle, who was dressed in a white outfit and matching hat, waved to the crowds with her husband Prince Harry as they entered the church. Despite receiving cheers from the crowds, some BBC viewers became frustrated by the amount of coverage the couple received throughout the service. As the members of the Royal Family entered St Paul's Cathedral, David Dimbleby and Roya Nikkhah gave the commentary for the coverage on BBC One. "Here we see the Duke of Sussex and the Duchess of Sussex for the first time with the Royal Family," Roya said. "It is a big moment. The queen was absolutely determined that they should be here. "By the sounds of it, they have [had] a very warm reception." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret "How long are they here for the Sussexes?" David asked as Harry and Meghan were greeted by the Lord Mayor. His co-host replied: "My understanding is they are here really for the duration of Her Majesty's celebrations and I believe they will return next week." "They weren't on the balcony yesterday, were they?" David continued. Roya added: "There weren't but my understanding is there did return to Buckingham Palace yesterday to spend time with Her Majesty the Queen and possibly for a private lunch.  "Of course, they are here with their children with Archie and Lilibet, who will celebrate her first birthday on Saturday." As Prince Harry walked down the aisle, Roya noticed: "He's very chatty, Prince Harry. "Everyone looks very pleased to see him and both of them actually." Despite receiving cheers from the crowds, some viewers became frustrated by the amount of coverage the couple received by the cameras throughout the service. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon admits he wasn't 'devastated' [INSIGHT]Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [VIDEO]Adil Ray laughs as he mocks Meghan Markle's Jubilee snub [REACTION] Gary Simpson fumed: "For goodness sake, can we not even hear a Bible reading without the camera zooming in on Harry & Meghan? #PlatinumJubilee #BBCNews." (sic) Andrew fumed: "@BBC STOP FOCUSING your cameras on #MeghanMarkle she deserves no more publicity especially public money funded is as the #BBC." (sic) Simon raged: "Lovely service for her majesty, shame today will turn into the Harry & Meghan show they should have stayed away." (sic) "It is obvious Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are the BIG STARS of the event. Everybody wants to see them and ONLY them!" Kurt Gibbons pointed out. @Stopthelicence said: "Can you stop giving Meghan so much f*** camera time there are people there who love and respect our Queen who deserve more camera time." "Was it just my thinking? Thought David Dimbleby's commentary of the service was awful. Kept trying to make it about Harry and Meghan.... did he forget it was about HM the Queen. Terrible choice!! Just my view," @ScottishSammy commented. However, some viewers were thrilled to see the royals at the celebration, with Mads tweeting: "Regardless of your opinions of Meghan Markle, she looks so healthy, happy and glowing today #PlatinumJubilee." Ally Brendan added: "Meghan Markle The Duchess of Sussex looks like a vision. Regal! #PlatinumJubilee." The Queen's Jubilee is available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.