Andy Murray has admitted he wants Rafael Nadal to continue playing. The 36-year-old has hinted recently that the current French Open could be his last time at Roland Garros. But his old rival would love for the Spaniard to keep going as he chases Grand Slam win No 22. Nadal has won 13 French Open titles over the course of his career, establishing himself as the King of clay in the process. And, if he beats Alexander Zverev in today’s crunch semi-final, he’ll be just one victory away from Grand Slam win No 22. Murray has now been asked about Nadal as he steps up his return from injury and keep his own career going. And the Brit has now reacted to claims from the Spaniard, insisting he’d love to see Nadal keep on going. “I don’t know whether it’s Rafa’s last run (at the French Open) or not because he seems to be doing physically really well during the event, so I hope he’s able to continue going for a while,” he said. Murray also hailed Marin Cilic, too, with the Brit currently in action at the Surbiton trophy. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I can take some inspiration from those guys,” he stated.] “Cilic as well, he’s someone I grew up with in the juniors and played a lot with. “He has just made the semis of the French for the first ever time at 33 and is playing really well.” Murray has reached the third round of the tournament he’s currently competing in, beating Gijs Brouwer 7-6, 7-6. And while he was happy to win, the Brit conceded it ‘wasn’t his best performance’. “It wasn’t my best performance,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But I got to play lots of important points and deal with pressure situations that aren’t the same as in practice. “I have done a lot of training, practised a lot, so now I need the matches and hopefully I’ll get a bunch of matches to get me ready for Wimbledon.” Regarding Nadal, he said earlier on at the French Open that this could be his last time at Roland Garros. “I am just enjoying the fact I am here for one more year,” he said. “Being honest, every match that I play here I do not know if it will be the last match here in Roland-Garros in my tennis career. That is my situation now. “I went through a tough process again with my foot. I do not know what will happen in the near future with my career, so I am just trying to enjoy and fight as much as I can to keep living the dream. “I hope to give myself a chance to play at the highest level possible and then let’s see.” But, speaking to TVE ahead of his match with Zverev, he appeared to backtrack on his comments. "I am confident and I trust I can return [to Roland-Garros]” he said. "I accept things as they come, I have no intention of making it seem like a farewell. "We keep working to find a solution to my foot injury. My intention is to return to Roland-Garros next year." Nadal has lost just three matches at the French Open over the course of his glittering career. Robin Soderling was the first man to get the better of the 36-year-old, eliminating him in 2009. Nadal then lost to Novak Djokovic in the quarter-finals of the French Open in 2015. And it was a similar story when he locked horns with the Serb last year at the semi-final stage.