EastEnders new boss Chris Clenshaw has planned a shake-up for the BBC soap with five characters all set to make an exit later this year. Fans have already been left furious to hear Lola Pearce (plays by Danielle Harold) would be killed off this summer but now four more names have been announced. Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ), Dana Monroe (Barbara Smith), Peter Beale (Dayle Hudson) and Jada Lennox (Kelsey Calladine-Smith) are all set to leave this year. It comes as Chris plans a shake-up of storylines with new faces arriving in Walford too. It’s not yet known when or how the beloved characters will make their exit but it could be part of a high storyline. Despite the promise of the exits bringing drama to Albert Square, fans have branded the move as a “mistake”. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen Taking to Twitter, @TaraTurner1788 said: “Lola and Stuart is absolutely devastating.” “I think that getting rid of Stuart and Dana is a mistake,” @Dogtania8 tweeted. “I’m really gutted about Dana and Lola leaving they are two of my favourite characters they should’ve had more storylines.” Meanwhile, @TaraTurner1788, stated it was “absolutely devastating” Stuart and Lola were being written out. @misheybabez continued: “Getting rid of Stuart is a big mistake he’s the best character.” An insider revealed “there’s always going to be big changes” when a new boss comes into the soap. Chris is said to have been “working hard” behind the scenes and is “planning to shake things up”. They added to Metro.co.uk it was “nothing personal, it’s simply a creative decision”. DON'T MISS...Adam Woodyatt ditches house for £100,000 motorhome [LATEST]EastEnders' Letitia Dean spills 'incredible' weight loss secret [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Beloved resident flees as assault rocks Walford [THEORY] “For big storylines to happen you have to say goodbye people, that’s the nature of soap,” the insider shared. It comes after it was reported Lola actress Danielle was “left in pieces” after hearing her character’s fate. A soap source explained: “Dan was in pieces. The cull came out of the blue. “She was not expecting the chop because her character has been a firm favourite with viewers, she’ll be written out with no option to return.” They told The Sun: “Danielle was teary but was told a number of the cast were being shown the door. “No one else has been given their marching orders yet however the rest of the cast are rallying around her.” Despite being disappointed by the news, Danielle is said to be “throwing herself into the storyline”. Fans are already trying to predict how she will make her exit with some fearing she may be killed by a new lover. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm.