Soccer Aid will be raising money once again for the global charity UNICEF with a football match between England and the World XI. Last year, the latter won with the final score ending up as 3-0. So the pressure is now on England to get their own back and win back the crown in this year's all-important match. It's that time of year again when football legends and stars from the world of entertainment are brought together for a worthy cause. Soccer Aid, which was co-created by singer Robbie Williams in 2006, has continued to raise millions of pounds for the international children's charity UNICEF. Last year, the charity match was able to raise a record-breaking £13m in donations. This time around, Soccer Aid will be focusing its efforts on generating funds for Ukraine and the 7.5million children who are currently being affected by the Russian invasion. READ MORE: Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment The build-up coverage for Soccer Aid this year will begin at 6.30pm on Sunday, June 12, on ITV. Talking viewers through the events of the day will be presenter Dermot O'Leary and former Arsenal and England right-back, Alex Scott, as the pitch-side reporter. There will also be TV host Maya Jama commentating throughout as this year's pundit. While the show is scheduled to begin at 6.30pm, the match itself is going to kick off at 7.30pm. In 2021, Soccer Aid took place in Manchester but it will now take place at the London Stadium at Queen Elizabeth Park. Aiming to lead the England team to victory will be former One Direction singer Liam Payne as the captain. Managing the England team is going to be Harry Redknapp, former Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman and Chelsea Women's manager Emma Hayes. The England squad 2022 is going to include the likes of Alex Brooker, Mark Noble, Damian Lewis and Tom Grennan playing on the pitch. DON'T MISS...Channel 5 issues statement on Our Yorkshire Farm future after split [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street theory: Jealous Daisy arrested for attacking Nicky [THEORY]Gabrielle Dowling age: How old is Emmerdale's Cathy Hope star? [AGE] Last year, it was team World XI who took home the trophy after winning 3-0. Hoping to recreate their victory again is Olympic runner Usain Bolt as the World XI's team captain. Their managers who will be cheering the players on from the sidelines will be former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger and Tottenham's Robbie Keane. Playing alongside Bolt is going to be Kem Cetinay, Mo Gilligan, Martin Compston and Steven Bartlett just to name a few. England captain Payne discussed the impact of UNICEF on children's lives all over the world. He said: "You need to have a childhood, you need to have those moments of peace, where life is not such a struggle as you grow. "It's great that UNICEF are trying to provide that for children." Soccer Aid will be shown on Sunday, June 12, from 6.30pm on ITV.