Lizzie Cundy was asked to leave the set of TalkTV by James Whale after interrupting an interview to rip up a mask of Meghan Markle's face. The satellite channel turned to chaos as the WAG interrupted the presenter's segment to make a dig at her former friend the Duchess of Sussex. Lizzie and Su Pollard had been singing Land of Hope and Glory when it was gatecrashed by a man wearing a Meghan Markle face mask. As James shared his annoyance at the prank, Lizzie then walked over and took the mask off to rip it up. She shouted: "NO NO not a royal! Not a royal anymore!" The host looked up in shock as he asked: "No, what are you doing?" READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee He then saw Lizzie rip up the mask, and shouted: "Out, both of you out! Lizzie then walked off set as James returned to his seat and looked at the camera and said: "I'm so sorry and embarrassed Your Majesty. "I will not allow them back on again, this is Talk Television and the James Whale show." Viewers rushed to social media to share their shock at the incident, with one posting: "What a farce." Another added: "I hear TalkTV is really struggling. I can’t understand why." Lizzie recently shared her thoughts on former pal Meghan and her husband Prince Harry's return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The pair attended the National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's and also watched the Trooping of the Colour from a window at Buckingham Palace. Lizzie was far from impressed with their return as she told Daily Star: "I know that the palace are very worried, they're more worried about her than Andrew because they're worried about what will be said. DONT MISS:Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) "They're worried about what will be used in interviews or in the memoirs. "The other royals are very concerned about Meghan being there and the ramifications of her being there, what will Meghan be doing next?" She also claimed that Harry and Meghan used their daughter Lilibet, who turned one yesterday, to "pull at the Queen's heartstrings" as she was yet to meet her great-granddaughter. Lizzie added: "I think they pulled on the Queen's heartstrings. "She hasn't seen Lilibet, she wants to meet her great-granddaughter, it might be the last time she'll get, so of course, the Queen will let them come." The Sussexes had relegated seats in St Paul's on their return which reflected their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. “Harry and Meghan were happy to swing by Clarence House to see Charles on the way to St Paul’s. "But afterwards, they were less keen to spend time hobnobbing with the family at the reception where they would rub shoulders with William and Kate," a source told The Sun.