With Britain celebrating the first day of summer, motorists have been reminded they need to take extra caution when driving in the glaring sunshine. Motoring experts have also revealed several tips drivers can use to avoid hefty fines. Experts at Vanarama urged drivers to prepare ahead of time when embarking on journeys during the summer months. They warned motorists that a strong glare across the vehicle’s windshield can distort the driver’s view. This can then result in failure of having control of the car, which could see drivers fined £1,000. On top of that, motorists who do not have a clear view of the road could be slapped with three penalty points. READ MORE: Electric cars are now £9,000 more expensive after EV grant axing Andy Alderson, CEO, and Founder of Vanarama, said: "With the UK experiencing a heatwave, many people will plan to hit the road to visit summertime attractions. “However, if drivers are not prepared for driving in bright sunlight, they could put themselves and other road users in danger. “To prevent being dazzled by the sun when driving, motorists should check their windscreen is clean before setting off, wear polarised sunglasses, and keep a safe distance from other drivers when the sun is distorting their view.” With that in mind, the experts at Vanarama have come up with several tips for motorists that could help them in avoiding the fines. DON'T MISS Plans to simplify electric car charging for drivers to promote switch [REVEAL] Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station [ADVICE] Drivers warned of eyesight issues with calls for new law changes [WARNING] You must keep your windscreen clean in the summer months. A dirty windscreen can magnify the sun's glare making it harder to see the road. Before heading out on car journeys in the sun, you should clean both the interior and exterior of their car windscreen. Checking that they are free of any dirt and debris. When bright sunlight causes a glare across the windscreen which lowers the visibility of the road, you should slow down and create extra space between you and the car in front. This will give you more time to assess the road situation. If drivers feel like they do not have full control of the situation they should pull over when safe to do so. Another thing you should check before setting off is that your screen wash is topped up. So that you can wipe away any streaks or dirt on the windscreen which you spot during the drive. An all-weather screen wash is a great option for the summer months. Visors will reduce the amount of sun that is blocking your vision when driving. Using the visor also helps your eyes adjust when driving in shade after driving in bright sunlight. Drivers should familiarise themselves with their visor, figuring out which angles it can be placed to block out the sun from different angles. In some cases, a sun visor can’t block all the sun from entering your vision. So, you should always have a pair of sunglasses with you when driving in sunny conditions. Polarised lenses are a safer option over normal lenses as they are more effective at combating sun glare. They filter out the incoming horizontal light that causes glare and only allow in vertical light that improves visibility.