Piers Morgan has been reminded of a Twitter war he had with Amber Heard back in 2019, after totally forgetting it ever happened. This comes as Piers has hit out at Amber over her remarks about losing her defamation trial against ex-husband Johnny Depp. The original spat occurred when Piers took aim at razor manufacturer Gillette for their “the best a man can be” campaign, in which they encouraged men to stop saying “boys will be boys”. Gillette suggested the expression “excuses bad behaviour”. Piers took issue with this, and wrote: “I've used @Gillette razors my entire adult life but this absurd virtue-signalling PC guff may drive me away to a company less eager to fuel the current pathetic global assault on masculinity. “Let boys be damn boys. READ MORE: Tom Hanks rages as wife is almost knocked over amid health fears “Let men be damn men.” To this, Amber replied: “@piersMorgan Just shut up.” Reacting to the drama today, Piers quote-tweeted Amber’s furious message and added: “I forgot about this. “Ms Heard was enraged that I stood up for masculinity.” TalkTV star Piers recently hit out at Amber as she took part in her first TV interview since losing the defamation case against Johnny. Following the six-week trial, a jury unanimously decided that Amber was responsible for losing Johnny millions of dollars in earnings with an op-ed she wrote. Speaking to NBC’s Savannah Guthrie about the social media reaction while the trial was ongoing, Amber said: "You cannot tell me that you think that this has been fair.” Piers reacted to a clip on Twitter showing a sneak peek of the conversation, which he retweeted in view of his 7.9 million followers. DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton stuns in busty hot pink jumpsuit at Royal Ascot [PICTURES]Tearful Fern Britton admits her children 'kept me alive' in dark times [ADMISSION]Paul O'Grady urged to move house after finding 'cursed' item in garden [WARNING] He wrote: “The jurors didn’t read any of the social media stuff, they listened to the evidence & concluded she was lying. “I suggest it’s time for Ms Heard to stop playing the victim.” Piers also compared Amber to Meghan Markle, who he has heavily criticised in the past. He fumed: "Amber Heard is like Meghan Markle - the more she whines & plays the victim, utilising her best acting skills, the less I believe her." The former GMB host also posted another video of Amber claiming she “spoke truth to power and paid the price” during the trial. To this, Piers added: "God she’s so full of c**p. "If Depp had lost the case would he be given big media platforms like this to carry on lying, accusing & playing the victim?"