Springwatch continued on Thursday with Chris Packham, Michaela Strachan and Megan McCubbin bringing viewers the latest on the recent wildlife goings-on. However, in what is usually a peaceful BBC Two show celebrating the glories of nature, upsetting scenes showing the impact of avian flu amongst birds were shown, leaving viewers devastated. During one part of the programme, Megan asked fans to take a moment to watch a difficult video of an array of dead birds who had clearly struggled before succumbing to the illness. The show cut to Hauxely Nature Reserve, where Megan had explained she was "right in the middle" of the distressing outbreak. "You might remember last night, I was filming just on a beach over here." As she pointed behind her, she continued: "And behind me is the wonderful Coquet Island with a beautiful colony of seabirds on it. "But literally 10 metres from my feet was a dead gannet. I walked on, another 10 metres there was another dead gannet.  READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford "And if I'd continued along that beach, I'm sure I would have found a lot more. "After broadcasting last night, we filmed some quite emotive footage. "I just want you to take a minute to think about this story and just watch." Saddening clips showed a mass of dead birds strewn across the beach. Some looked completely dishevelled as their weak and lifeless bodies had given way after a clear struggle. "It's really a horrible sight, isn't it?" Megan commented, shaking her head. "It honestly makes me feel incredibly sad to see it." Megan then shared some facts about avian flu, although she admitted very little is known about it. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Bobby Beale heartbroken as Dana pregnant with Peter [THEORY]Piers Morgan fumes Heard and Depp trial 'should not have been televise [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest emotional over grandfather’s rugby valuation [VIDEO]  Many viewers watching were troubled by the scenes, and some took to social media to share their thoughts. Twitter user @ShamWez commented: "Devastating to see the impact of avian bird flu on #Springwatch." @angegarrod penned: "Oh this is hideous, those poor poor birds #Springwatch." @Chizzley2 posted a series of crying emojis alongside the words: "Horrid. #Springwatch." "Heartbreaking to see the devastation of bird flu #Springwatch," @happy_dales added. @Jean1709 asked: "Is there a vaccine for avian flu? What can be done?  #Springwatch." @yogicteadrinker shared: "This section of #Springwatch on #AvianInfluenza is bringing back horrible memories. "We lost every single bird at the sanctuary to bird flu at the beginning of the year - not our fault - & it was heartbreaking." Springwatch continues on Monday at 8pm on BBC Two.