Her Majesty has given the Duke of Cambridge the green light to throw a party at one of her royal residences later this summer. The bash will reportedly be a joint celebration with the Duchess of Cambridge after her own birthday plans were cancelled due to rising coronavirus cases earlier this year – meaning the couple will mark their milestone together. The event is reportedly due to be held at the Queen's Windsor Castle home or at Sandringham Estate. The plans come after it was agreed the Cambridges should "celebrate their landmark birthdays in style", royal sources told the Mirror. In line with the royal tradition of celebrating decade milestones for senior members of the Firm, the Queen may attend William and Kate's party. However, the episodic mobility issues the 96-year-old monarch has been experiencing since last fall could force her to pull out from the celebrations. Royal Family LIVE: Meghan 'misunderstood' Kate's olive branch after tensions The Queen's frail health has led her to miss out on several Platinum Jubilee events earlier this month as well as on the entire Royal Ascot last week. It was the first time in her 70-year-long reign to skip the racecourse, which is famously one of the favourite occasions in her diary. According to a Palace source, she will not confirm her attendance to Prince William and Kate's birthday bash until the day of the party. While it is not yet confirmed where the couple's 40th plans will take place, it would make sense for them to arrange the celebration at Windsor Castle, given this summer's move to Windsor. There, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, will go to a private school near their new home. It will also put the family closer to the Queen at a time when she is slowly stepping back and Prince William, second in line to the throne, is gradually stepping up. Following in the footsteps of his mother, Princess Diana, the future King dedicated his 40th birthday to a cause seemingly close to his heart as he spent the day chatting with veteran Big Issue seller Dave Martin at Tesco's Supermarket in Hammersmith, London. DON'T MISSNetflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [ANALYSIS]Queen 'really trusts' Prince William as he has has 'grown in stature' [CLAIMS]Meghan Markle let down by Palace over 'humiliating' investigation [INSIGHT] Back in 2009, the duke slept out on the streets of the capital with the Chief Executive of Centrepoint, Seyi Obakin, to help understand the experience of homelessness. More than a decade on, he still appears to be actively involved in finding solutions to the problem. William has previously argued that homelessness is a "solvable issue" and not just a fact of life. As he heads into his 40, the royal has shared the first time he visited a homeless shelter with the late Diana. Writing in The Big Issue to enter his forties, he recalled: "I was 11 when I first visited a homeless shelter with my mother, who in her own inimitable style was determined to shine a light on an overlooked, misunderstood problem. "I have always believed in using my platform to help tell those stories and to bring attention and action to those who are struggling. "I plan to do that now I'm turning 40, even more than I have in the past. So, for my part, I commit to continue doing what I can to shine a spotlight on this solvable issue not just today, but in the months and years to come. "And in the years ahead, I hope to bring George, Charlotte and Louis to see the fantastic organisations doing inspiring work to support those most in need – just as my mother did for me."