Jet2 boss Steve Heapy is said to have blamed the issue on "lazy Brits who live off benefits and sit on their arses" during a meeting on the topic. It comes as airlines are desperately struggling to recruit new workers following a surge in demand for travel after they sacked thousands of staff during the coronavirus pandemic.  Holidaymakers have continued to face carnage at British airports which continued on Friday with "biblical" queues, delays and cancelled flights. British Airways and easyJet have called for more powers to allow them to recruit visa free workers from EU countries to fill gaps. Unemployed Cabin Crew in Spain have been identified as a possible source of Labour. However, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps rejected the plan during a meeting on Thursday.  According to the Sun, Mr Heapy has slammed Brits for not showing up for interviews or taking the job application process seriously. Jet2 admitted that Mr Heapy had aired his frustration with the employment market concerning Brexit. However, they emphasised: "Other reports being circulated are categorically not the views of him or our company." A Jet2 spokesperson reiterated that the airline was proud of its "hardworking" British staff. READ MORE: Armed police storm London high street after major incident  They said: "During a meeting with Government and industry on Friday, Mr Heapy expressed his frustrations with the current employment market as Brexit has taken hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of people out of the job market and that is having an impact on many industries, including ours. "As a UK airline and tour operator that has, unlike others, not made any cancellations thanks to our proactive recruitment strategy, we are extremely proud of our hardworking British colleagues who continue to deliver award-winning customer service for UK customers every day." According to further reports, easyJet are finding it difficult to employ key staff as workers are looking to be paid more than the £17,000 to £24,000 salary currently available. It was a sentiment echoed by Swissport who said that baggage handlers wanted to be paid more due to higher demand for the role. DON'T MISS: Getaway hopes dashed as airports hit by more flight cancellations  [REVEAL] Spanish air traffic staff ‘set to strike’ heaping misery on travellers   [INSIGHT] et2 sends travel warning to Manchester Airport customers  [SPOTLIGHT]  Meanwhile, passengers continue to face chaos with three hour queues at major airports and hundreds of cancelled flights. There were major queues at Leeds Bradford and Manchester Airports with passengers also reporting delays at Heathrow, Stansted, Gatwick, Bristol and Birmingham. Some airports have claimed that they have seen a huge increase in the number of disabled passengers. This is something that has cost them thousands of pounds in terms of providing mobility vehicles. Meanwhile, Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary has told ITV News that the Army should be brought in to help. He said: "Bringing in the army, which they do at many other European airports, would, at a stroke, relieve the pressure on airport security and would mean that people have a much better experience. "Not just this weekend, but for each weekend over the next three, four months." 