"To mulch or not to mulch?" is a question many gardeners may be asking themselves, but it can be hard to get to the bottom of what is best for your lawn. However, according to Marc Kerr, a co-founder of UK-based subscription lawn care brand So & Mo, the chore could end up creating "more work" than necessary". He told Express.co.uk: "Mulching is recycling finely cut grass clippings and covering your lawn to protect the grass. "It's an age-old technique. Some gardeners swear by it because they believe it returns nutrients to the soil and reduces composting waste." As a lawn care expert, though, Mr Kerr says he does not "entirely agree" with the approach. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents He explained: "So & Mo believes you shouldn't mulch your lawn because dead grass clipping smothers new grass growth and prevents healthy plant fertilisation. "We want the soil to be healthy and allow room for new grass to grow thicker and healthier. "Dead matter on top of existing grass can create more work, and that's why we believe a seasonally adjusted fertiliser is the best alternative." Instead of mulching, Mr Kerr recommends either box collecting grass cutting as your mow your lawn, or using the old cuttings to create a compost pile which will benefit other parts of your garden. If you want to feed your grass, fertiliser is the top recommendation. He said: "We feed ourselves with nutrients to stay fit and healthy, and the same applies to a happy and healthy lawn. "As we're now into the 'growing season' with warmer weather and plenty of sunshine, we want to maximise a healthy topcoat. "So & Mo believes in feeding your lawn all year round. "As we move from season to season, the needs of your grass change." DON'T MISSHow to clean oven racks - 2 easy ways to get them ‘as good as new’ [EXPLAINER]Monty Don shares what plants to ‘prune now’ [COMMENT]‘Most common’ cause of tomato leaves turning yellow - how to solve [INSIGHT] There is an abundance of lawn fertilisers out there to choose from, but most lawn care depends on three specific nutrients: nitrogen, phosphorous, and potassium. Nitrogen is essential for healthy stem and leaf growth, giving grass the best chance of thick growth in the spring and summer months. Phosphorous also aids with the growth of your grass, especially in aiding the growth of the stem. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Potassium, on the other hand, is key for helping grass grow strong roots, which are essential for absorbing nutrients from the soil. According to Mr Kerr: "Across the UK, we have a very similar climate, so there isn't a lot of variety in our grasses." This should make it easier to determine which fertilisers work best for your garden. However, if you are struggling, So & Mo provides a "seasonally adjusted lawncare" package, so that gardeners "will receive everything you need for a healthy lawn".