Andrew RT Davies, who first entered Cardiff Bay as the Assembly Member for South Wales Central in 2007, took to social media to champion Brexit Britain's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Mr Davies' comment came after an opinion poll conducted for the Munich Security Conference found the UK was leading the G7 in response to Vladimir Putin's attack on the ex-Soviet state.  The Kekst CNC survey gave the UK a net score of 24 percent. In comparison, the United States finished in a close second on 22 percent. Britain also scored better than ex-allies in the European Union, including France on 21 percent, Germany on 15 percent and Italy on 12 percent. Canada also finished ahead of Berlin and Rome in the poll with a net rating of 19 percent. However, Japan languished at the bottom of the list at just 5 percent. Responding to the poll, Mr Davies said: "Whisper it quietly, but global Britain is leading the way." The comment also came after Liz Truss and Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba wrote a joint piece in the Telegraph detailing how to stop Putin's war in Ukraine. JUST IN: Joe Biden faces 'crucial test' with Turkey and Germany at NATO summit They said: "The United Kingdom stands side-by-side with Ukraine on its path as a free European democracy. "We strengthened this through our trilateral partnership with Poland. "Now more than ever, we stand together." Taking aim at other nations, some of which are reportedly closer to caving to demands from Moscow, the pair added: "We cannot be cowed by Putin trying to gas-light the world with lurid threats. "Whenever NATO has stood up to his bullying, he has been forced to back down, not double down. "His aggression is only succeeding in encouraging more nations to join the world’s most successful defensive alliance. "There will come a time for peace. READ MORE: Brexit Britain nearly freed of EU's clutches! MPs vote for Truss's crucial new legislation "But it needs to be a good and lasting peace. "Putin’s path to the negotiating table runs through the battlegrounds of Ukraine. "He will only be serious about negotiations once the Ukrainian people have pushed his troops back." Mr Davies, who replaced Paul Davies as the Leader of the Opposition in Wales in January 2021, helped the Conservative Party secure its best-ever electoral performance in the 2021 Senedd elections. The Conservatives returned 16 Assembly Members to Cardiff Bay, two more than the 14 elected in 2011. However, Mr Davies has recently fired a broadside shot at Boris Johnson after the Prime Minister led the Tory Party to a double-whammy of by-election defeats last week. Speaking to BBC Radio Wales following defeat in Tiverton & Honiton and Wakefield, Mr Davies said: "It’s a difficult night last night to say the least. DON'T MISS:When will Remoaners admit that Brexit is working? asks CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Brexit revenge! EU punishes British scientists who refused to quit UK [REACTION]Brexit border tech fix hailed by Irish firm - 'Surprised was dismissed!' [INSIGHT] "Governments do face these troubles at mid-term points but they were exacerbated last night obviously by issues that have been happening in Westminster over the last eight to 10 months. "That was very much on the doorstep relayed to me because I went down twice to help out our candidate. "But ultimately, obviously, the voters chose to send a message to Westminster." He added: "Each and every day the Prime Minister gets up, like any leader, they have to look in the mirror and ask themselves ‘can they continue to deliver for their country and for the people who have put them into office?’ "I presume that’s getting far more challenging when the prime minister looked in the mirror these days with the messages that are coming from the ballot box such as by-elections we had last night." 