Piers Morgan has spoken out after his tweet went viral following Meghan Markle’s appearance at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Following Trooping the Colour on Thursday, Piers shared a series of photographs of four-year-old Prince Louis’ hilarious reactions on Buckingham Palace’s balcony. Prince Louis put on an animated display during the RAF flypast and he was spotted pulling faces and covering his ears.Alongside the snaps, Piers quipped in view of his 7.9 million followers: “Is this when Aunty Meghan arrived?” And added several laughing emojis.However, many users took to the comments to hit out at Piers’ jibes.Perita said: “No, Piers. You are out of step with the nation on this.” READ MORE:Gwyneth Paltrow reunites with ex Chris Martin at daughter's graduation Gerry echoed: “You need to let it go, it has become an unhealthy infatuation”Iain raged: “No, don’t project your obsession.”And Jimmy quipped: “No. He’s re-enacting Piers Morgan’s crying tantrum whenever Meghan Markle’s name is mentioned.”Some users did see the funny side, however, including Sam who said: “The whole of the UK more like!” And Maddy wrote: “Piers that has to be the funniest tweet this year by a long streak.”The TalkTV presenter has now shared his thoughts on the divisive tweet and couldn’t help but make another jibe at Harry and Meghan’s expense.Speaking to the New York Post, Piers said: “The huge reaction to my tweet perfectly summarises public opinion to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.“Most people laughed because they are now global laughing stocks after all their hypocritical money-grabbing royal-bashing antics. DON'T MISSDonny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule[INSIGHT]Tom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame[PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood's blunt reply to BBC shake-up claims[LATEST] “But Meghan and Harry’s dwindling number of humourless deluded woke fans were triggered into fury, yet again, because they genuinely believe the Sussexes are the world’s biggest victims.  “This belief, like my tweet, is hilarious.”Meghan, Harry and their children Archie and Lilibet arrived in the UK on Wednesday.  On Friday, they watched the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral in what was their first public reunion with the rest of the Royal Family for the first time in over two years.Today marks Lilibet’s first birthday and it has been reported that she is celebrating the milestone day at Frogmore Cottage with her parents and older brother.It is understood that the Queen finally met her great-granddaughter for the first time yesterday when Meghan and Harry brought her to a special lunch.Their three-year-old son Archie was also present, making it the first time the Queen has seen him since the Sussexes stepped down from royal duties and moved to America in 2020.