Liverpool are set to sign prolific Uruguayan striker Darwin Nunez from Benfica despite Manchester United reportedly making a bigger offer. The Reds could end up making Nunez their most expensive player as they seek to topple Manchester City at the top of the Premier League. The Merseyside outfit raced ahead of their competition in their bid to sign the 22-year-old last week. It has been widely reported that they could end up paying around £85million for a player who scored 34 goals across all competitions for Benfica last season. Nunez impressed Jurgen Klopp during Liverpool’s Champions League quarter-final tie with Benfica, in which the forward scored in each leg. The top-flight runners-up have fought off plenty of other interested clubs to sign Nunez. United are understood to have been one of the parties keen to sign the Uruguay international. The Red Devils want to sign a new forward this summer to improve new boss Erik ten Hag’s attacking options. JUST IN: Tottenham star Dejan Kulusevski gives verdict on Eriksen return According to Portuguese football expert Pedro Sepulveda, United actually made a bigger offer for Nunez than Liverpool did. However, the player was enticed by the ‘project’ at Anfield, in addition to the lure of playing Champions League football. Sepulveda told Sky Sports: "Manchester United's offer was bigger than Liverpool's offer but the project of Liverpool, [and] playing in the Champions League, was very decisive for Darwin Nunez choosing Anfield and not Old Trafford." Liverpool have targeted Nunez in a bid to further improve their attack. It comes after they signed the impressive Luis Diaz from Porto in January. DON'T MISS...Man Utd suffer Christopher Nkunku transfer blow as Leipzig raise priceLiverpool icon cheekily thanks Cavani over Darwin Nunez moveFrenkie de Jong handed extra incentive for Man Utd transfer The Reds are expected to lose Sadio Mane to Bayern Munich this summer, intensifying the need to sign a replacement. Nunez will likely be the player who takes Mane’s place in the squad. Former Almeria striker Nunez is undergoing medical checks this week ahead of a transfer, and will likely be announced as a Liverpool player later this week. United’s approach proved futile and Ten Hag will now look elsewhere as he seeks to sign a new forward. The Red Devils struggled for goals outside of Cristiano Ronaldo’s 24 strikes. Mason Greenwood was the club’s next highest-scoring forward with six goals. Ten Hag wants to ease the scoring burden from Ronaldo and has already been linked with several forwards. United seem set to miss out on Nunez but are widely reported to hold an interest in Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Ajax winger Antony and RB Leipzig’s Christopher Nkunku.