The campaign by separatist group Now Scotland has been condemned by both unionists and other nationalists. The group posted a dramatic video to Twitter claiming this summer the “status quo” would be under threat from direct action. Featuring heavy rock music, it warns: “No more asking nicely”. The video also features a burning Union flag and shots of graffiti, a man holding a burning flare and a TV screen being smashed with a sledgehammer. It is also replete with images of a middle finger being raised and several protests. The video caused alarm across the political spectrum for inciting violence and misrepresenting the pro-independence movement. Former SNP defence spokesman Stuart Crawford tweeted: "Are you in the pay of MI5? This video has the opposite effect to what I presume you think. “Wrong music, wrong symbolism, wrong message. Think again." SNP councillor Jérémie Fernandes, who represents Elgin City North in Moray, said: "This video shows why we must exclude the Scottish far-right from our campaigning ahead of the 2023 referendum. This is absolutely crass, but very unsurprising from Now Scotland." And Lesley Stark replied: "Why have flag burning in the video. That suggests acts of aggression. I find that in poor taste and very counter productive." The Aberdeen Independence Movement added: “This does not represent the vast majority in the civic and progressive Yes movement. “Not in our name.” However, some social media users appeared to chime with the sentiment expressed in the video. One said: "Good! Way beyond time. I'm right beside you."Another urged the group to “go for it”. When the group launched last year, a statement read: “The creation of Now Scotland opens up the possibility of a new membership organisation, not controlled by the SNP hierarchy. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon skewered over 'pretend referendum' plans [REVEAL] “Those who want to campaign for a radical alternative to the British state and to the limited vision of independence presented by the SNP leadership must seize the moment.” It was created by former SNP MP George Kerevan as the co-convener alongside SNP MP Angus MacNeil and other veteran socialist and nationalist campaigners, reports the Scottish Daily Express. They have stated they are promising a “campaign of summer activity to really step up the push for independence". The group insist they are not advocating violence and one backer on social media suggested "a mass sit down with saltires in St James’ park outside Buckingham Palace and around the corner from [the Houses of Parliament]." Minutes from the group's first national assembly in 2021 show that 80 per cent of members voted to "take forward civil disobedience" - although this was only 134 votes against 34.