Ironing can be a long and laborious task, with it taking hours for some Brits. If you’re looking for a quick and easy way to eliminate creases in your clothes - without getting the iron and ironing board out - there is an “easy” hack that “works like a charm”. All you need is a couple of ice cubes and a tumble dryer. Babs, also known as brunchwithbabs on Instagram is the “internet mom/grandma you didn’t know you needed”. She encourages social media fans to “come for the family recipes and stay for the motherly advice”. The American shares everything from three ways to keep the house tidy, to making the best ‘friend in need’ chicken casserole. In a recent video, Babs explained how she gets creases out of clothes, without ironing them. READ MORE: ‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack She captioned the video with: “Babs Hack *tip: high heat, works great on cotton and another option is throwing in a damp rag which also works like a charm.” In the video, she said: “Hi everyone, it’s Babs. “Do you like to iron on a beautiful sunny day? Me neither. Try ice cubes instead.” She then demonstrated: “Wrinkled dresses right into the dryer. DON'T MISS...Princess Charlotte's 'just like Kate' with her subtle corrections [BODY LANGUAGE]Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days [HACK]Boots announces ‘biggest ever’ price change - 1000s products affected [NEWS] “Four to five ice cubes right in.” As for how long, Babs said: “Try 10-15 minutes.” A little while later, Babs continued: “Let’s take a peak, it’s been 15 minutes. “Time to get our dresses out,” which she did, and showed the results - crease free! “Easy peasy, how’s that!” She remarked. The video has gained nearly 50,000 likes and thousands of comments too. One said: “Always use a damp cloth but love this idea too!!” Another suggested: “I have spray bottle filled with water that I keep on top of the dryer. Spritz the wrinkled clothes & run the dryer for a bit. Because I hate to iron!!” “WHAT??? Life changing!! Love this,” a third wrote. A comment read: “Or you can buy downy wrinkle release spray !!! I haven’t ironed in years !!!” Lenor has a Crease Releaser which claims to be “an iron in a bottle”. Simple spray and smooth away the creases.