Stephen (played by Todd Boyce) hasn't been seen on Coronation Street in over 15 years, making his last appearance on the cobbles in 2007 when he moved to Milan with Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien). The smooth talker of the iconic ITV soap family will appear to be the hero of the hour when he saves his mother Audrey (Sue Nicholls), who has been crushed by a motorbike. However, it seems everything might not be as it seems with this character as he might not be the successful businessman he once was. It won't be the red carpet treatment for Stephen when he first touches down in Weatherfield as he will tear a strip into his family for letting Audrey get into such a state. Thinking he can't trust his sister, Gail Platt (Helen Worth), to look after their mother, he will announce he is going to be sticking around. Like the prodigal son, he knows Audrey will want him to stay as well and she will feel more comfortable with him than with the Platts. However, as the son and mother duo spend more time together and get closer, it could seem Stephen is more interested in Audrey's bank account. The soap stalwart has been already been betrayed by those who love her as her grandsons Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) and David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) defrauded her of £80,000 a couple of years ago. READ MORE: Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting History may be about to repeat itself as Stephen could be ready to do the exact same thing because it could emerge his business is collapsing. Needing money to clear off his debts and to help recover what's left of his company, he could think Audrey's money would be more than enough to cover it. He knows it wouldn't be this easy as he wouldn't want his mother to know he was the one who betrayed her as they are so close. So could the villainous businessman decide to frame one of his family members who has done this in the past to cover his own back? The actor who plays Stephen, Todd, has spoken out about his return to the show and his character's relationship with Audrey. Todd explained: "It is close, even though they live geographically far apart I think. They seem to just click instantly when they see each other. "There's nothing remotely awkward about it. I think it's very loving even though he wasn't with her during his childhood. "He's quite angry with the rest of the family which is tricky as he hasn't been there. He does say that he feels bad as he hasn’t been around so much. "There is a lovely scene we did sitting on a bench and I think that tenderness between them does come across. "Sue reminds me so much of my own mother and she is such a brilliant actress but she doesn’t think she is. We get on so well so it makes doing those scenes easy." DON'T MISS...Corrie's Matthew Marsden details 'crazy' experience with Beyonce [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Sue Cleaver weight loss: Soap star dropped 3st without strict diet [ANALYSIS] "It is interesting watching that dynamic between Stephen and the rest of the family," the soap star added, so could his character really be set to steal thousands from Audrey? Explaining why he was interested in coming back, Todd said: "I was interested to see Stephen at this age now and how he has changed and how he would be with the family. "And what is interesting is that actually, very little changes inside us. And then it's also intriguing because of the dynamic with the rest of the family. "Because he very quickly becomes Audrey's voice and he very quickly steps into that sort of man of the house role and he's doing everyone a favour because he can. "And he's got the money," he added but could this money be the money he has managed to swindle from loan sharks to make himself look the part? Discussing why Stephen sticks around, he continued: "He is worried about his mum and once he is back he just realises, he's got a lot of people here that he has been taking advantage of for so long so he thinks the time has come for him to do his bit. "I am excited to see people's reaction and what they think of Stephen and whether they're suspicious of what he's up to. "There will be friction between him and the wider family, watch this space," Todd added. Taking to Twitter, viewers have already been sharing their thoughts on the businessman returning to the show after 15 years. Christopher wrote: "Wendy Papadopoulos and Stephen Reid [returning]! What a time to be alive. #Corrie." Mike added: "Been watching the classic episodes on ITV and he’s been in it.. be interesting to see what’s happening 15 years later since his departure." Benjamin posted: "Marvellous news. Todd Boyce is an excellent actor who manages to play Stephen in such a way that he is quickly in the thick of whatever situation the clan find themselves in without looking a; like an outsider or b; like he’s trying too hard." Melissa remarked: "Soaps keep bringing back these 'greatest hits' characters and I love it." Will anyone realise they are being played by Stephen or is he genuinely there because he cares? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.