Victoria Pendleton, 41, met Queen Elizabeth in 2013 when she received a CBE. The former Olympian has recalled the experience exclusively to Express.co.uk, revealing that it was all "very choreographed". Victoria was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2009. She was then appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2013 for her services to cycling and met the Queen who gave her the prestigious award. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the experience, she said: "You go in and get taught where you have to walk, then you take a few steps forward and you have courtesy then you take a few steps backwards before you turn away. "It’s all very choreographed, so you need to worry about your steps and not fall over! READ MORE: Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak "I think my legs were probably shaking a little bit." Victoria then detailed how "nerve-wracking" the experience is, leading to an awkward encounter. She continued: "It was one of the most nerve-wracking moments of my entire life. "Normally I’m fine and am chatty but I couldn't really think of anything to say really. My face ached as I was smiling so much. "It was such a huge honour to be awarded a CBE and be standing face to face with her royal highness. It was very very nerve-wracking. "She is really small but just perfect in every way. During her sporting career, Victoria has won nine world titles, including a record six in the individual sprint, dominating the sport between 2005 and 2012. In 2008 she won the sprint at the Beijing Olympics, and in 2012, she won the gold medal in the Keirin at the London Olympics. DON'T MISS... Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot [PICS] Liz Hurley, 57, shows off her phenomenal figure in bikini [VIDEO] James Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies [ASCOT] She also took home a silver in the sprint. After retiring from the Olympics, Victoria was very "lucky" to be given another chance in sport. She was invited to compete in a new sport as she trained to be a jockey. In March 2015, Victoria announced her intention to become a jockey with the aim of competing at the Foxhunter Chase at the 2016 Cheltenham Festival the following year. The Olympian was approached by a betting company with the challenge, and being Victoria she was very up for it. Speaking about the transition between sports, she said: "Well, I was very lucky to be given the opportunity to try another sport. "It was a bit of an unusual opportunity but I feel very lucky and blessed that someone had that crazy idea to ask me to get involved with horse racing. "As of now, I can’t imagine my life without my two retired race horses." Victoria Pendleton is supporting the launch of SlimFast Vitality shakes. Packed with 23 vitamins and minerals and suitable for a vegan lifestyle, new SlimFast Vitality balanced nutrition shakes offer a quick hit of health that also pack a punch in taste. Visit Slimfast.co.uk or @slimfastvitalityuk for more information.