Lilibet celebrated her first birthday on Saturday, June 4, in the UK. Her parents came to the country for a few days to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, before returning to their Montecito home. Once back in the States, Harry and Meghan released a picture of Lilibet celebrating her birthday in the gardens of Frogmore Cottage. What was she wearing? While the Sussexes were in the UK, they stayed in Frogmore Cottage, which has a big garden – large enough for people to gather for Lilibet’s birthday last Saturday. Harry and Meghan invited close friends and family to the “intimate backyard party”, according to reports. Close friend and photographer Misan Harriman was in attendance, and he was the one to photograph Lilibet. He posted the photo, along with others, on Twitter, accompanied by the caption: “It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around.” READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow In the photo of Lilibet, the one-year-old sits on her own on the grass, wearing a pale blue dress with frilled sleeves. She also has a white, floral headband in her red hair. Royal fans were quick to identify the dress, which comes with a matching hat. It is understood to be from California-based designer Isabel Garreton, whose clothing is ethically sourced – matching Meghan’s moral values. DON'T MISS: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' [INSIGHT]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [ANALYSIS] The dress and bonnet set is still available to both pink and blue at online clothing store Saks Fifth Avenue. The set is described as “Baby Girl’s Bishop Pique Dress, Bonnet & Diaper Cover Set”, and costs £111.92. However, there is a sad story behind the adorable outfit: Isabel Garreton has just gone out of business and no longer exists as a brand. In May this year, the company informed fans: “In the coming month we will be closing Isabel Garreton, Inc., the company I founded over 30 years ago with one goal in mind: to provide a dignified work opportunity to underprivileged women through the development of a finely designed and crafted collection of children’s clothing. “The staying power of Isabel Garreton as a brand, the number and exclusivity of its loyal customers accumulated over 30 years, presence in the best stores in the country and the absence of debt generated serious interest in the Isabel Garreton brand. “We entertained offers but decided against selling the brand because it is my name and no interested parties convinced me they would continue the ethical manufacturing approach that has defined who we are.” Isabel Garreton also commented on the dress Lilibet wore to her party. The company said on Instagram: “Proud to have our design be a part of this special moment and highlight our 30 year mission to empower and uplift women.” Royal fans were quick to mention how “cute” Lilibet looked in the outfit over the weekend. Instagram user @249102_no wrote: “Very cute. This baby will look cute in anything.” User @okamoto4150 said: “So cute and lovely Princess Lilibet.” Sharon Bailey commented: “Oh it’s beautiful.” User @riley665 added: “It is a pretty little dress.”