According to Lancashire police, Graham Holden died at the Royal Bar & Hotel in Morecambe in November last year after a suspected gas leak at the premises. Enquiries showed the 66-year-old had a 'high level of carbon monoxide in his blood'. Police were called to a separate incident one month later, when guests were evacuated from the hotel on Boxing Day. At least six adults and five children were taken to Royal Lancaster Infirmary for treatment. According to Lancashire Live, officers discovered that a month earlier, Graham Holden 66, had died at the hotel. Police have now confirmed a 41-year-old man from Morecambe and a 42-year-old man from Bolton le Sands have been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter. The men have since been released on bail. Police are continuing to probe the suspected gas leak and are asking anyone with information to contact them. In a statement, a Lancashire Police spokesman said: "Detectives investigating a suspected carbon monoxide leak at a Morecambe hotel have arrested two men. An investigation was launched following an incident on Boxing Day last year where five people were taken to hospital following the suspected gas leak at the Royal Hotel, Marine Road Central, Morecambe. "All those affected on that occasion were discharged but police enquiries established that in November last year a 66-year-old man had died at the hotel. Tests showed Graham Holden had a high level of carbon monoxide in his blood.  "On Thursday, June 9th, police arrested a 41-year-old man from Morecambe and a 42-year-old man from Bolton le Sands on suspicion of manslaughter. "The police investigation into the cause of the suspected gas leak is continuing and anyone with information is asked to contact 101 quoting log reference 0353 of December 26. Alternatively, contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111." LancsLive has been unable to make contact with anyone at The Royal Bar & Hotel for comment. LancsLive has also contacted the HSE for comment on the investigation. 