Gabriel Jesus is attempting to get Manchester City to agree a fee with Arsenal, according to reports. Arsenal are claimed to have already seen an offer of around £30million rejected for the Brazilian. City are thought to want nearer to £50m for Jesus, despite his contract expiring at the end of next season. Arsenal are in desperate need of recruitment up front following the exits of Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this year. Jesus is their No 1 target and the player is seemingly keen on a move to the Emirates. Goal Brazil claims Jesus is attempting to get City and manager Pep Guardiola to agree a deal with Arsenal. There is also pressure from Jesus' representatives for the deal to happen. Atletico Madrid and Juventus have also shown interest in signing the 25-year-old. READ MORE: Arsenal chief Edu takes subtle dig at Chelsea after Eddie Nketiah signs new contract  Jesus initially wanted to move to a club who were competing in the Champions League. But it now appears he is accepting of a move to Arsenal, who missed out on qualification for Europe's elite club competition to north London rivals Tottenham. Despite Atletico and Juve's interest, the same report says Arsenal are the only team to have made a formal offer to City. Now the two clubs must finalise a fee before a transfer can be thrashed out. Jesus scored eight Premier League goals for City last season. It was towards the end of the campaign that he hit top form and earned a regular starting spot under Pep Guardiola. However, the signings of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez would only make Jesus' life tougher in terms of minutes on the pitch. He would likely become Arsenal's first-choice striker if he were to complete a move to north London. DON'T MISSChristian Eriksen 'makes decision on Man Utd transfer' as Tottenham twist takes placeTottenham's frightening XI if they beat Man Utd to Antony and make three more signingsMan Utd star David De Gea 'unhappy' as details emerge ahead of Erik ten Hag era  Lacazette has rejoined Lyon following the expiry of his contract this summer. Eddie Nketiah has put pen to paper on a new deal but would likely start the campaign as back-up to Jesus. A striker is not the only signing manager Mikel Arteta is targeting. Fabio Vieira is closing in on his move to the club after an initial fee of £30m was agreed with Porto. The midfielder is set to sign a five-year contract after undergoing a medical on Friday. Meanwhile, Arsenal are reported to have had an offer of around £25m rejected for Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here