Former West Ham striker Frank McAvennie has told Cristiano Ronaldo why he shouldn’t be Manchester United captain, claiming that he won’t be there beyond next season. He identified another Portuguese star at the club, Bruno Fernandes, as someone who may be “ideal” to take over from Harry Maguire. Incoming United manager Erik ten Hag has been urged to take the captaincy off Maguire, who has had a disappointing season and the decision on the next man to take the armband could be decided by the current squad instead of ten Hag. “That’s a strange one,” McAvennie told Football Insider. “Why are they listening to those players, how can you have a vote? Most of the players won’t be there next season. Ronaldo can’t get it because he won’t be there the season after. I would have thought Bruno Fernandes would have been the ideal character. “He would be ideal. There are a lot of players who they have to get rid of, so why should they be allowed to vote? The manager has to make a decision, stamp your authority if there is a conflict between the players.” Fernandes may have suffered a dip in form since Ronaldo’s arrival at Old Trafford, but the 27-year-old enjoyed a strong start to life in Manchester and has proved a strong character since his arrival from Sporting Lisbon in 2020. United will play Europa League football next season after finishing sixth in the Premier League, and Fernandes has hinted at his ambitions for next season. “Disappointment about not being in the Champions League next season? Disappointment was if I couldn't play football,” he told O Jogo. “Obviously, everyone wants to play in the Champions League. The Red Devils struggled in Ralf Rangnick’s tenure at the club, and he decided to keep Maguire as captain but explained why ten Hag could opt for letting the players pick their captain. “I strongly believe that the captain should be elected by the team because he’s called the team manager,” the newly-appointed manager of Austria said. “And we always did that. “In Germany we always had a board of four or five players, we called it the spielkapitan, elected by the players, the player with the highest amount of votes was the team captain at the end.” When asked about Maguire’s future as captain, Ten Hag said: “I have to repeat, next season is a different season. He's done a good job, he's a great player, he's achieved a lot and his contribution to Manchester United, so I'm looking forward to working with him.”