A monarch equally at ease connecting with the nation as she is with hosting global leaders or her 14 prime ministers over her 70 glorious years of service to the nation and the Commonwealth. Her life of service and leadership is in many ways a reflection of the course this great nation has taken under the stability and security of her reign. A Britain transformed which stands shoulder to shoulder with our friends across the Commonwealth as equals; wows the world with its culture, arts, and sciences; asks only where you are going to, not where you come from; and has shed the shackles of the European Union to step up once again on the world stage as Global Britain. For so much of this transformation, the Queen has led by example and from the front. Be it her unmatched connection with her realm or the intricate understanding of the plethora of cultures across the Commonwealth or her leadership of hope during the pandemic. It is thanks to the gyro-like stability of this rock-solid, well-of-wisdom, stalwart of integrity leadership, that Global Britain – is a nation today which has gone from the depredations of war to fire up its engines to power ahead to navigate the doldrums of the 1980s to surge as the 5th biggest global economy. Nations flourish only with stability and security of leadership from the top that is not only dependable but with wisdom and foresight. And the crowning achievement of the Queen’s reign is the Commonwealth which today stands as a global organisation without parallel – a free coalition of free nations united by choice and rooted in the three fundamental shared values of free democracy, free trade, and free enterprise. Be it the 70,000 Indian start-ups and 100 unicorns or the UK’s $1 trillion dollar technology sector setting the global standards or the incredible transformation and development of Rwanda hosting the 2022 Commonwealth heads of government summit. The Commonwealth shares our values of freedom, liberty, and enterprise to make People’s lives better. READ MORE: 'Boris and his Government need to find their inner Conservatism' The Commonwealth highlights that true diversity is not skin colour or race or origin but of ideas and thoughts and aspirations. As is evident with both India and the United Kingdom backing Jamaica’s foreign minister, Kamina Johnson Smith to be the next secretary general of the Commonwealth, whilst the Commonwealth unanimously agreeing to Prince Charles’ succession as head of the Commonwealth to provide continuity to the Queen’s leadership. And that is where the Commonwealth’s biggest opportunities lie – with shared languages, heritage and history and kinship. We have this ready-made entry into hearts and minds of billions who share affinity to all that we hold dear – freedom to be who you are and liberty to do what you want for the betterment of family, country, and Commonwealth. DON'T MISS We've NOT taken back control! Boris issued severe Brexit warning [REVEAL] Big Boris poll boost at end of week of turmoil [REACT] Brussels SNUBS Truss as EU point blank ignores request [INSIGHT] The Commonwealth highlights that true diversity is not skin colour or race or origin but of ideas and thoughts and aspirations. As is evident with both India and the United Kingdom backing Jamaica’s foreign minister, Kamina Johnson Smith to be the next secretary general of the Commonwealth, whilst the Commonwealth unanimously agreeing to Prince Charles’ succession as head of the Commonwealth to provide continuity to the Queen’s leadership. And that is where the Commonwealth’s biggest opportunities lie – with shared languages, heritage and history and kinship. We have this ready-made entry into hearts and minds of billions who share affinity to all that we hold dear – freedom to be who you are and liberty to do what you want for the betterment of family, country, and Commonwealth. With a free trade agreement (FTA) in the offing with India, and an interim FTA signed between India and Australia – the groundwork to leverage greater prosperity for the Commonwealth’s 2.5 billion people is swelling with the strength of certainty. However, the Commonwealth and our shared values face an onslaught of underhanded chicanery from the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). With Beijing entrapping Sri Lanka in its debt trap diplomacy, it serves notice that many of the 32 of the world’s 42 small states with a population of 1.5 million or less who are Commonwealth members, face economic troubles and the sacrifice of their sovereignty at the altar of CCP’s belt and road initiative. The Queen’s vision of stability, sincerity and security must now guide Global Britain and a New India as the two biggest economic powers of the Commonwealth to step up to defend the Commonwealth as a global frontier of freedom. Be it in the Indo-Pacific with the Solomon Islands on the CCP radar or the CCP pillaging of natural resources in Africa or its strategic maritime usurping of the Indian ocean region. With the setting up of the Indo-Pacific Economic Forum and Liz Truss’ rejuvenating of the British International Investment as Global Britain’s development finance institution. The Commonwealth, as envisioned by the Queen, has the capacity, optimism and aspiration to pour concrete into the foundations of free democracy, free trade, and free enterprise to bind together this most diverse group of peoples as the lodestars of freedom, liberty, and hope – a force for good.