Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana travelled to the UK with their parents last week. The children remained far from the public eye during their brief stay in the country, but had the chance to meet a number of members of the Royal Family. However, they are not believed to have met Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis during the four-day-long Jubilee weekend. Royal commentator Jennie Bond believes the Queen would have "loved" to see a similar encounter between the royal cousins. She told OK! magazine: "It would have been nice to see them playing with their royal cousins, Archie and Lilibet. "I'm sure The Queen would have loved to see that too, but I don't think there was time." This comes following claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had extended an "olive branch" to Kate and Prince William in the form of an invite to the birthday party of Lili. The tot turned one on Saturday, and her doting parents celebrated the milestone by throwing an intimate garden picnic open to close friends and family. However, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge could not attend the event due to a clash in their working diary, as they had been tasked to visit Cardiff Castle as part of a series of royal trips across the country during the Jubilee weekend. Kate and Prince William headed to Wales with their children George and Charlotte, in what became their first official visit to the nation. READ MORE: Kate blows a kiss for cheeky Prince Louis after his Jubilee antics While on the castle's grounds, the four Cambridges met royal well-wishers, who gave Charlotte and George flowers. The children were also seen playfully conducting musicians and meeting artists and staff organising the local Jubilee concert. A few hours later, they sat together in the royal box to watch the Party at the Palace concert. Meghan and Prince Harry did not attend this event, as they spent Lili's special day privately. While the Cambridges were not at the low-key birthday party, Mike and Zara Tindall and their three children were reportedly in attendance. Buckingham Palace did not confirm whether the Queen privately met Lilibet and Archie during their stay in the UK, but she is widely believed to have seen them on Thursday. This trip marked Lili's first time in England. On the other hand, Archie, who was born at a London hospital in May 2019, lived at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor for six months before travelling across the pond. Meghan, Harry and their children arrived in the UK last Wednesday night, hours before the Duke and Duchess headed to central London to watch the Trooping the Colour parade. The Sussexes watched the spectacle alongside most other royals from the Major General's Office, which overlooks Horse Guards Parade. Last Friday, they headed to St Paul's Cathedral for the national service of thanksgiving for the Platinum Jubilee, which the monarch did not attend after having experienced "some discomfort" on the previous day. The Sussexes left the UK soil on Sunday, before the end of the Jubilee celebrations. On Monday, they released a picture of Lili taken during her birthday party by Meghan and Harry's photographer friend Misan Harriman. In the snap, the red-haired tot smiles while sitting on the grass in an adorable baby blue frock. This is the second photograph of their daughter released by the Sussexes since her birth. In December, the Duke and Duchess released their Christmas card which included a snap of the family of four taken a few months prior.