According to the Mayo Clinic, the most common signs of frontotemporal dementia (FTD) involve “extreme changes” in behaviour and personality. These signs and symptoms can differ depending on the individual affected. And in most cases they get “progressively worse” over time, usually over years. The clinic says: “Clusters of symptom types tend to occur together, and people may have more than one cluster of symptom types.” These symptoms could be repetitive compulsive behaviours, “such as tapping, clapping or smacking lips,” it explains. Other symptoms to look out for are: READ MORE: Heart attack: Five 'atypical' symptoms that can show up 'months or even longer' in advance  FTD can also lead to language problems or impairment or loss of speech. “Primary progressive aphasia, semantic dementia and progressive agrammatic (nonfluent) aphasia are all considered to be frontotemporal dementia,” the Mayo Clinic says. Problems caused by these conditions include:    The clinic adds: “Rarer subtypes of frontotemporal dementia are characterised by problems with movement similar to those associated with Parkinson's disease or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.” Motor-related problems may include: TremorRigidityMuscle spasms or twitchesPoor coordinationDifficulty swallowingMuscle weaknessInappropriate laughing or cryingFalls or walking problems It is not known exactly what causes FTD.  READ MORE: Woman with cancer had to keep it hidden from her community - 'I had to live a double life' However, it is known that in FTD, the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain shrink. The Mayo Clinic says: “In addition, certain substances accumulate in the brain. “What causes these changes is usually unknown. “There are genetic mutations that have been linked to frontotemporal dementia.  “But more than half of the people who develop frontotemporal dementia have no family history of dementia. “Recently, researchers have confirmed shared genetics and molecular pathways between frontotemporal dementia and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). “More research needs to be done to understand the connection between these conditions, however.” 