The BBC has joined forces with Buckingham Palace to throw an extravagant party celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Today, a star-studded lineup will take to the stage and offer performances of a lifetime to mark Her Majesty's historic achievement. Sir Elton John will dazzle crowds with his mastery of the piano, while Sir Rod Stewart will no doubt give an electrifying show. A two-and-a-half-hour bonanza, many of the performances will be broadcast live from the Palace, with some pre-recorded acts as well. Other musicians will also offer their services, like Queen+Adam Lambert, as well as Duran Duran, Alicia Keys, Nile Rodgers and Andrea Bocelli, Bond composer Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, Mabel, Elbow, and George Ezra. Many of them have long histories with the Royal Family, like Bocelli, who has been a particular favourite given his classical roots. The Italian operatic legend — who is completely blind — has sold more than 90 million records worldwide and broke two Guinness World Records, and has performed in some of the world's most renowned venues. In a candid confession, however, he admitted that he was extremely "nervous" before singing at Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank's royal wedding. At the request of Eugenie's mother, Sarah, Duchess of York, he sang Ava Maria and Panis Angelicus, backed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. He has described Sarah as a "very good friend… for many years", and told the Evening Standard that she had personally invited him to Eugenie and Jack's service at St George’s Chapel. They met “a long time ago in a TV studio”, he said, when she knocked on his dressing room door and handed him a “biography of her life”. JUST IN: Trooping of Colour: Harry and Meghan beam at crowds after big day Bocelli claimed to have watched Eugenie and her sister, Princess Beatrice, growing up and was "very occasionally" a part of their lives. His closeness to Sarah led him not to charge the couple for his services, although he did admit that it was not an easy day for him. Speaking in 2018, he said: "I was a little bit in trouble with my voice. I was very tired. “I tried to warm my voice, I did my best. But in any case, I had some cough and phlegm. But, yes, I was nervous.” DON'T MISS Femi savages 'rabid royalists' defending Queen celebrations [REPORT] Dr Shola praises Meghan and Harry 'Coolest uncle and aunt' [INSIGHT] Britons slam 'disgraceful' Archbishop suggestion to forgive Andrew [ANALYSIS] He went on to say that there were "no tricks" or remedies to help in the event of vocal struggles — all that he could do was maintain a good diet. He said: “There is a way to live – I need to eat light. Of course, [I] don’t smoke and don’t drink. Things an athlete does. “The voice isn’t like a normal instrument that you can fix like a piano or violin.” Noting that it was "unlucky' that the voice is inside the body, he added: “So you take what you get and you try with what you have.” However, despite his initial struggles, Bocelli said he felt that “everything went well” because of his “experience” as a singer. Inside the chapel, Bocelli sat next to Kate Moss, the model, and later quipped that he “did not choose that” but enjoyed her company. He continued: “But it was cool, and she was very nice. We didn’t chat during the ceremony, though, because everything was very formal.” Three million people watched ITV's coverage of Eugenie and Jack's wedding in 2018. Meanwhile, alongside Bocelli performing at the Palace will include stars such as Jax Jones, Celeste, Sigala, Britain’s Got Talent winners Diversity, and Eurovision star Sam Ryder who came second in Italy. Not only musicians will perform, as figures from sport, presenting legends and those who have flourished on the stage will also have their run. Sir David Attenborough will make an appearance, as well as Emma Raducanu, David Beckham, Stephen Fry, Dame Julie Andrews, The Royal Ballet and Paralympian swimmer Ellie Simmonds. Some 22,000 people are expected to turn out for the show, including 10,000 tickets allocated in a public ballot and 7,500 given to key workers, members of the Armed Forces, volunteers and charities.