A 21-year-old man was taken to a private health centre on Tuesday night in a critical condition, according to local reports. The incident appears to be the latest case of a balconing-related injury.  Balconing is a parkour-like activity whereby people jump from balconies or roofs into nearby pools or lower landing spots. The British tourist was said to be admitted to the health centre at around 11.30pm last night, and remains in the intensive care unit. According to Cronica Balear, a publication covering the Balearic Islands, the young male had suffered a cranioencephalic trauma – or non-degenerative brain damage. The outlet, citing sources in the local police force, said the incident that had led to the injury occurred at around 10pm.  READ MORE: 'Balconing' horror sparks fears stunts will be linked to resorts It is said that he jumped from a balcony of the Marco Polo Hotel, on the outskirts of Sant Antoni – a town on the western side of the island known for its night life. Sources in the Guardia Civil said that it is believed the man tried to jump from his balcony onto the roof of a nearby warehouse. They estimated that he had fallen more than three metres. Local police have reportedly not ruled out the possibility that the Briton was under the influence of drugs or alcohol. It comes just days after a 33-year-old man – identified as British by the International Federation of Balconing (IFB) – fell onto some rocks after jumping into the sea in the same town.  According to a report in the Diario de Ibiza, the man was left with multiple traumas and possible spinal cord injury. The IFB commented that it was a “British protagonist”, remarking sarcastically: “What a surprise.” The so-called “risky sport” of balconing was popularised by videos on YouTube and social media, and has become a prevalent holiday pastime for British tourists. Ibiza and the Balearics played host to a string of cases of injuries and deaths in 2010 and 2011 – mostly British and German holidaymakers who were said to be intoxicated at the time.  DON'T MISS:Putin sends Lithuania into panic mode [REVEAL]UK to send MORE weapons to Ukraine as EU's support exposed [ANALYSIS]Falklands veterans face legal loophole over horror injuries [EXCLUSIVE] Since then, predominantly young British males have been found injured in alleged balconing accidents. The IFB publishes regular league tables as to the number of foreign nationals that have hurt themselves attempting the dangerous activity. Its figures suggest that in 2022 alone, there have been four British people injured attempting balconing, including one death – nearly double the number of German tourists to be injured.  The IFB also ranks Britain highest in terms of the number of floors that its vacationers have plummeted – nearly double the amount French tourists have. Reacting to the latest horror incident, it said: “Not even three days ago from the last case... Another Briton, also in Sant Antoni.” It added: “The UK pulls miles [ahead] and starts to rise in the standings.” Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 