The sixth and final season of Better Call Saul is bringing the story of shady cartel lawyer and conman Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) to a devastating close. The lack of any mention of Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) throughout the entirety of Breaking Bad has convinced most fans Jimmy’s wife isn’t making it out of the AMC spin-off alive, but it’s showrunners Peter Gould and Vince Gilligan who will have the final word. Co-creator and showrunner Peter has cryptically addressed the rumours of Kim’s survival at the end of Better Call Saul’s final season. Most fans have come to the agreement the equally calculating wife of Jimmy/Saul is out of the picture by the time he makes the acquaintance of meth cook Walter White (Bryan Cranston). It also seems likely Kim will be killed if Jimmy’s dealings with Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) and the cartel catch up to him. By the end of the midseason finale, Lalo has infiltrated their apartment and murdered their attorney rival Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) right in front of them. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' With just six episodes of the series left, Kim could be next to go, leaving Jimmy/Saul lost and alone until he stumbles across his next money-making scheme in the Breaking Bad timeline. However, one small yet important detail in the series’ flash-forwards to Jimmy’s life as Cinnabon manager Gene Takovic could be a vital clue towards Kim’s survival. Variety asked Peter: “In the flash-forward sequence at the beginning of season six, we see Saul’s house being torn apart, which we can assume is happening post-Breaking Bad. “As we all search for clues about Kim in that timeline, some people on the internet have zeroed in on a tiny detail that might imply Kim is still in Jimmy’s life: the toilet seat is down. Is that a hint?” Unfortunately, Peter avoided answering directly whether or not the toilet seat should be interpreted as a sign Kim has been living in Saul’s house throughout Breaking Bad. Even so, he did seem to validate one side of the argument surrounding her ultimate fate. “All I can say is that the greatest compliment we could have is that folks are worried about Kim Wexler… and you should be,” he replied. Sadly, it appears some form of tragic end will befall Kim at some point within the final stretch of Better Call Saul. DON'T MISS:Obi-Wan Kenobi fans ‘distraught’ by character death [REACTION]Ms Marvel’s Kamran star pays tribute to Iman Vellani [COMMENT]Stranger Things’ Vecna star ‘full of hatred and fury’ on set [INTERVIEW] Whether this means she’ll be murdered or simply driven out of Jimmy’s life by the Salamancas is still to be revealed in season six, part two. As Saul’s criminal dealings spiral out of control, there’s a slight chance Kim can simply escape prosecution - or worse - by going into hiding. With Jimmy/Saul doing the same and taking on a new persona as Gene, this could be a sign Kim will take a leaf out of her husband’s book and develop an alter-ego of her own to escape the cartel’s wrath. For now, Peter is keeping his lips sealed, though he did shed a little more light on what fans should prepare for when the series returns in July. He explained: “Well, the focus is the same one that we started with, which is the story of Jimmy McGill - who was Slippin’ Jimmy, who was Saul Goodman, who becomes Gene Takovic - and what is to become of him. “What does he deserve, and who is he really in his heart? Those are all questions that are still open on the show. “The second half of the season is really surprising, and I think it’s some of the most powerful work we’ve ever done. I’m very excited for people to see it.” Audiences have heralded Better Call Saul as being even better than its predecessor up to this point, and there’s no doubt the final six episodes will deliver the goods after the short yet agonising wait during the hiatus. Better Call Saul season 6, part 2 begins Monday, July 11 on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix.