Indy Geraghty, 23, has also been told by the generous festival boss, Sacha Lord, that she and her now-fiance Myles will have free entry to the festival for life. The pair, from the Scottish Borders, appeared on stage during the Yung Filly set at Parklife in Manchester yesterday afternoon after Indy’s boyfriend, Myles Goodfellow, 25, arranged to pop the question with the rapper and social media star’s manager ‘weeks before’. According to the Manchester Evening News, after video of the proposal went viral - with unkind trolls among those commenting -  Lord made an appeal to find the pair. She then spoke to Indy on the phone as they were travelling back to Scotland from the festival, making the offer to pay for the honeymoon. Indy then tweeted: “I was that girl, I can’t stop crying reading that post. I have struggled and never really had much family. My partner doing this yesterday was one of the best days of my life. He is my family. To wake up to hateful comments this morning was not nice. We get through it and ignore them. “I’m so grateful for all the nice posts and lovely comments. They override all the bad ones. I can’t believe it.  It has made me so happy and I can’t stop crying.” Speaking to the Manchester Evening News, she added: “The proposal was a complete shock! When we arrived at Parklife I soon came to realise we were going for a meet and greet with Yung Filly but little did I know that would happen. I was completely clueless to it all and as you can see by the pictures and video I couldn’t even speak.  “I cried very happy tears when Sacha called me. I don’t have a lot of good things happen in my life so for something like this to come along is a huge impact. Myles had arranged it all with Filly’s manager weeks prior. “We are both working normal jobs and don’t have a lot of spare time so I guess it’ll be a few years before we can afford our wedding but I definitely don’t mind waiting. I am hoping we will be able to do it in the next year or two but nothing planned yet. I’m still in a lot of shock from yesterday and the amount of attention it’s got has sent me on a rollercoaster of emotions.”  Lord, who is also Manchester’s night time economy advisor, said: “I spoke to Indy as she was driving back to Scotland. She was very upset this morning. You could tell she was. I think what we’ve done is draw a line under it. “Don’t read it, it’s the start of your life, crack on and enjoy it. This has certainly been a trip they won’t forget anyway. She’s got my number now, her and Myles, she can call me any time, come to any of our events and they’re going to sit down, choose a wedding date and then we’re going to talk about packing them off on holiday.” 