The appearance of the Sussexes at the Platinum Jubilee celebration was a subject of huge controversy. Rumours abound of Royal Family staff working to remove possible flashpoints that could be the cause of drama, while others hypothesised how the estranged couple would interact with the members of their family. After the pair left early yesterday, discussion over Harry and Meghan’s relationship with the Royal Family has reached across the pond, with French paper Voici warning that it may be a “sign of tension”. The publication said the couple “had to be discreet” after their “very cruel” interview with Oprah Winfrey. It added: “It was out of the question that the return to Britain would be an opportunity for the Sussexes to showcase themselves. “For this Platinum Jubilee, the star was Elizabeth II. “The parents of Archie and Lilibet have also very quickly understood that no favour would be granted to them.” The meeting of the Sussexes’ daughter Lilibet with her grandmother the Queen was thought to be a possible moment of reconciliation between the families. However the event was given little publicity, and Voici argued even this was “not the occasion to shine” for Harry and Meghan. The paper added: “If a small party had been given at Frogmore Cottage, Kate and William, as well as George, Charlotte and Louis, were conspicuous by their absence. “The Cambridges had an official visit to Cardiff that day, the best excuse to avoid reuniting with a brother who now seems to have become a complete stranger.” But the key moment was the abrupt return to the US for Harry and Meghan. Voici reported: “The couple didn't make an appearance at the Jubilee concert on June 4 either, and as the Pageant festivities got underway, the Sussexes packed up and headed for the airport from where they took off on a private jet, without seeing the members of the royal family again. “A departure that does not bode well for the future…” The couple was pictured touching down in California after reportedly leaving the UK an hour before the Queen's Platinum Jubilee Pageant started. DON'T MISS: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' [REVEAL]Levin claims Harry and Meghan 'absolutely furious' at Jubilee seating [INSIGHT]Brian May brutally snubbed by Queen after Jubilee performance [ANALYSIS] The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and their children reportedly flew out of Farnborough Airport, west of London, at 1.30pm yesterday, an hour before the Jubilee Pageant started in central London. A palace insider told the Mail: “There was no fanfare, they just went. “They didn't stick around for the Platinum Jubilee pageant which is a celebration of Britain and all of its quirks and eccentricities over the Queen's 70-year reign.” They had last been seen in public on Friday at the Thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral. They were both booed and cheered as they entered the event.