Chelsea forward Romelu Lukaku was reduced to tears upon being informed that he will be returning to Inter Milan on a temporary basis ahead of the upcoming season, according to reports. The Belgian marksman only rejoined the Blues last summer but quickly decided that a move back to the San Siro was in his best interests after failing to impress over the course of his spell in west London. He is now poised to return to Inter for the duration of next season, with Chelsea set to receive a loan fee in the region of £6.9million plus another £3.4m in performance-related bonuses in exchange for his services. Lukaku was so delighted upon hearing the news on Tuesday from his lawyer, Sebastien Ledure, that he began to cry, according to Gazzetta dello Sport.A breakthrough was reached in talks between Chelsea and Inter earlier this week after things initially appeared to be going south with regards to the Italian club's pursuit of the deal. Negotiations were said to have stalled on Monday as Inter president Steven Zhang attempted to restructure the proposed agreement before a compromise was eventually reached to suit all parties.Lukaku is reportedly set to undergo a medical in Italy next week before rubber-stamping his long-awaited return to Inter in advance of the upcoming campaign. It has also emerged that Lukaku opted to set the ball rolling back in April by phoning Inter boss Simone Inzaghi and asking him what needed to be done in order to force a move back to the San Siro. JUST IN: Mane opens up on other transfer options after choosing Bayern Munich The conversation took place a day before Chelsea bowed out of the Champions League at the hands of Real Madrid, a game in which Lukaku missed a golden chance to score before going over a month without finding the back of the net again. It remains to be seen whether he will be able to recapture his form of old at Inter, who will be hoping to reclaim the Serie A title after missing out to bitter rivals AC Milan at the end of last season.Chelsea owner Todd Boehly was reportedly eager to fast-track Lukaku's departure in order to focus on the club's pursuit of their summer targets, including the likes of Sevilla defender Jules Kounde and Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling. The Blues have also been tipped to land a new striker in order to succeed Lukaku at the top of the pitch, with Bayern Munich wantaway Robert Lewandowski having reportedly emerged as a surprise target over the last few weeks.Lukaku enjoyed two successful seasons at Inter between 2019 and 2021, scoring 64 goals in 95 matches and winning the Italian title at the end of his final campaign on their books. He was recently slammed for pushing to leave Chelsea after just one season by former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan, who urged the Blues to send him packing in order to put an end to his failed second spell at Stamford Bridge. "He doesn’t look fit, he doesn’t look interested, he doesn’t look motivated to play for Chelsea, so the only reason he’s there is for an economic transaction," Jordan told talkSPORT earlier this month."I think they should get rid of Lukaku because he hasn’t done what he was brought in for. He’s not a young player developing, he’s not a foreign player coming over to England and learning the league."He’s already made his position clear, he’s already virtue-signalled his way back to the Italian fans by telling them: ‘I would like to come home one day’ – well, off you go then, we’ll send you there in a cab!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here