Cuttings can be taken from almost any established plant to create a ‘new’ version of it, and there are several ways to do it. Duplicating the stock plant can be done from the root, leaves, or stems, depending on the variety you’re growing and the time of year. Here are the best methods to use to grow new versions of plants already thriving in your flowerbeds, pots and garden borders. Cuttings are a simple way to grow new plants without sowing fresh seeds, making them a free and fast alternative to buying brand new flowers or foliage for your home and garden. Summer is a great time to create duplicate plants as most varieties reach the peak of the growing season, but what’s the best method to use? While some plants will root well from a simple stem cutting, others will respond better when propagated from a different part of the plant. No matter which method you plan to use to take your cuttings, a clean and sharp pair of secateurs is essential for a successful plant. According to Thomas O’Rourke at Horticulture Magazine, this is essential to prevent the introduction of root rot, which can ultimately damage or even kill plants grown this way. READ MORE: ‘Will flower through summer’: Monty Don shares how to plant dahlias Softwood cuttings are those taken from deciduous shrubs and other plants in summer. This works by removing the cutting from a soft section of the stem instead of the mature woody growth at the base. A stem cutting is the easiest way to establish a root to form a new plant and is best for trailing houseplants or leafy garden varieties. The ‘golden rule’ for taking stem cuttings is to make the cut just under the node, but close to the stem so that the node remains on the cutting. This is important because the node contains the highest concentration of nutrients that will give the cutting the best chance of establishing a strong root system. Softwood cuttings should be around 10cm in length - just enough to plant it in the solid with the leaves a good distance above the ground. For the best results, always take care to remove excess foliage, leaving just a few at the top of the stem cutting. The remaining leaves will allow photosynthesis to take place, without working the plant too hard that it fails to make new roots. Either plant the cutting straight away or keep it in a plastic bag with a couple of drops of water to retain essential moisture until you’re ready to pot the stem. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove rust from radiators - ‘easiest’ tip [INSIGHT]Garden fit for a Queen: Grow Her Majesty's favourite plant [REVEAL]‘Most cost-effective’ method to get rid of invasive plants in gardens [ANALYSIS] Hardwood cuttings can be taken from deciduous shrubs, climbers, fruit bushes and trees and narrow-leaf evergreen plants. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), this type of cutting is best taken in the dormant season, between mid-autumn and late winter. To take hardwood cuttings from outdoor plants, start by selecting “vigorous healthy shoots” that have grown this year. The RHS recommended the following method: These types of cuttings are often grown outdoors in the ground, though smaller cuttings can be grown in containers too. Root cuttings are as easy as those taken from stems and are best used for duplicating perennial plants such as fragrant mint. There are two ways to grow root cuttings, either vertically for thick-rooted plants such as poppies, or horizontally for thin-rooted plants like Japanese anemones. Like hardwood cuttings, these should be done when the plant is dormant, during the cold season (between November and March). For thick rooted plants, you should: For thin rooted plants, you should: