Kate Middleton received a stunning sapphire engagement ring from Prince William, while Meghan Markle received a dazzling diamond from younger brother Prince Harry. But there is one person that ties both rings together. Kate Middleton's engagement ring is one of the most iconic in history, as it previously belonged to Princess Diana. Diamond experts at Steven Stone jewellers estimated that the engagement ring is worth an extraordinary £390,000. The historic ring features a 12ct Ceylon sapphire, originating from Sri Lanka. Steven Stone said: "The sapphire is a deep, royal blue, of AAAA quality, making it amongst the most valuable of its kind." READ MORE: The Queen is beautiful in blue today in Edinburgh According to a jeweller at Ingle & Rhode, royal blue sapphires bring the recipient good luck. Tim Ingle stated: "The royal blue sapphires have ancient links to the highest celestial faith and hope, whilst more modern significance revolves around protection and good fortune. "This means anyone wearing a sapphire engagement ring is to have deep links to spirituality which ensures a safe and protected marriage." An additional layer of spirituality comes from the fact that the former owner of the sapphire ring was Princess Diana. The ring ended up on the finger of Kate Middleton due to a gesture of brotherly love from Prince Harry to Prince William. When their mother passed away in 1997, Harry inherited her engagement ring, while William opted for her Cartier watch. But when the eldest brother proposed to his future bride in 2010, Harry selflessly forfeited his ring for Kate. Despite Meghan Markle narrowly missing out on her late mother-in-law's ring, her engagement sparkler does still connect her to the People's Princess. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice stunning in black and white for Royal Ascot Like Kate, Meghan still has a little piece of Diana's legacy within her ring. The spectacular jewel, which is worth about £120,000 according to experts at 77Diamonds, is a diamond trilogy ring. The central diamond is a 6ct, cushion-cut diamond sourced from Botswana. It is flanked by two smaller diamonds from Princess Diana's personal collection.