Rafael Nadal erupted in a rare moment of anger during his Wimbledon practice session on Monday. The world No 4 does not begin his campaign at the All England Club until Tuesday but had a hit on his day off and could be heard shouting in frustration when he made a series of errors. Nadal is competing at Wimbledon for the first time in three years after undergoing two rounds of radiofrequency treatment for his chronic foot injury. The Spaniard has started the season by winning the first two Grand Slam tournaments for the first time in his career and said he would only return to SW19 if the injury procedure was successful. And the 36-year-old did not appear hampered by his Mueller-Weiss syndrome during Monday’s practice session, with no taping visible anywhere on his body while his footwork looked better than ever. But the two-time former Wimbledon champion did appear troubled by a string of errors while hitting with coaches Francisco Roig and Marc Lopez. The Spaniard’s trademark forehand was firing before he suddenly dumped three shots in a row into the net, having already sent some balls flying long. And Nadal responded by erupting in fury, shouting to himself in Spanish in frustration before resetting and continuing. JUST IN: Djokovic match suspended as Wimbledon fan requires medical attention  Spectators watching on at Aorangi Park remarked how unusual it was for Nadal to visibly show his anger, with the world No 4 known for never throwing rackets on court. He continued to discuss techniques with Roig as the session continued as normal. The 22-time Major champion already knows his schedule for his opening match against Francisco Cerundolo, as he will follow WTA world No 1 Iga Swiatek on Centre Court on Tuesday, with the Pole starting her match at 1.30pm. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu's grandmother assured by private talks on WimbledonAndy Murray's Wimbledon opponent has had nine surgeriesJodie Burrage feeds ball boy Percy Pigs as Wimbledon game delayed  Before his practice session Nadal briefly caught up with Serena Williams, who recently returned from a year on the sidelines. The 40-year-old played doubles at the Eastbourne International alongside WTA world No 2 Ons Jabeur last week, with the pair forced to pull out ahead of their semi-final due to a right knee injury for the Tunisian.  Williams will play her first singles match since retiring injured six games into her first round here a year ago, following Nadal on Centre Court. She congratulated the Spaniard “for everything” as they had a quick catch-up at Aorangi Park. 