Fiona stars in a new coming-of-age film called Summer in the Shade, and talked exclusively to Express.co.uk about her upcoming role. Having starred as  Abigail Swann in Doctors and enjoyed several roles in Holby City and Casualty, the move away from the BBC was a challenge but making a movie wasn't entirely new to the actress. Summer in the Shade explores how two girls on the verge of becoming teenagers change following a tragedy. After moving to the Cornish countryside, 12-year-old Grace (played by Niamh Walter) is forced to confront her demons. The film is directed by Alice Millar and also stars Niamh Walter, Nyobi Hendry and Rebecca Palmer. The synopsis reads: "Summer, 1997. 12-year-old Grace and 11-year-old Asta have been friends for as long as they can remember. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family "When her father suddenly leaves, Grace’s fascination with religion and the supernatural becomes an obsession. "At the end of the school holidays, the girls go to stay in a cottage in the Cornish countryside with Asta’s bohemian mum, Kate. "There, troubled Grace is forced to confront her demons..." Speaking about her role as Jenny, Fiona said the story is "a universal one". She added: "Like all roles it was challenging, you know, every character you play brings something different. "There's something challenging in every character that you come across and your personal experiences never tie in exactly with the character. "What the character is, you've got to be true to the character. So there's always a challenge. That's half the fun of it." Reflecting on her roles in Doctors and other BBC medical dramas, she continued: "I played both doctors - a good doctor and a terribly incompetent doc in Holby." Talking about how she enjoys taking on varied roles, Fiona recalled her experiences starring in and directing City Slacker. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Bernie Taylor blackmails Rainie over Stuart [THEORY]A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [LATEST]Eurovision's Ukraine winners 'disappointed' as UK poised to host [INTERVIEW] "It was kind of naive of me," she admitted. "It was a fantastic experience. "You learn so much from these things because in a way your naivety protects you. "I enjoyed it, it was written by my husband, Michael Müller, and it was a really nice part. I'm very proud of it because it's travelled around the world." Summer in the Shade gave Fiona another chance to get her teeth into a central film character. Director Alice Millar said: "Summer in the Shade is an exploration into the trauma of puberty and the experience of self-disgust experienced by most women as they deal with changing from a little girl to a sexualized being. "Universally this is a difficult time and for many, is accompanied by deep psychological fear and existential revulsion." Elsewhere, Doctors also enjoyed success at this year's British Soap Awards, bagging the award for Best Single Episode. Summer in the Shade will be available on Digital Download from June 20 and can be pre-ordered on iTunes and Chili.