Yellowstone will be returning to The Paramount Network with season five on November 13. Kelly Reilly will be back as John Dutton's (played by Kevin Costner) Beth, who is seeking revenge on Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the Beth actress is based. Kelly Reilly is a 44-year-old English actress known for her roles in After Miss Julie, Sherlock Holmes and Prime Suspect. She rose to global fame when she joined the original cast of Yellowstone back in 2018. The actress was born and raised in Chessington, with her mother a hospital receptionist and her father a police officer. The star has recently been nominated for a 2022 Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress for her role as Beth Dutton. The actress has fallen in love with Montana since filming the Western melodrama. READ MORE: Yellowstone 1932: John Dutton foreshadowed plot for new Paramount show Although she is originally from the UK, the star said she is living in America now. Away from Yellowstone, she plays Isabelle in a period horror film called Eight For Silver. She opened up about her character, saying she wanted to switch up the kind of roles she was being given. The actress told Screen Rant: "I live in America, and I've been working for the past few years on a show called Yellowstone, where I play a very fierce character. "As an actor, you really want to keep changing it up for yourself and dipping into different things to keep your own taste bud alive. "Playing someone so utterly different from this character that I had been so immersed in for a few years, I was just like, Yes, I'm in!" According to Parade, the star lives with her husband Kyle Baugher in New York City. When the actress first travelled to the US to focus on her acting career, she started off in Los Angeles. Speaking to The Guardian in 2014, she said: "England is always home, but I have made my life here. "I suffered terrible homesickness at first—for English people, pubs, humour, all my family and friends—but I love New York, it’s my favourite city.” DON'T MISS... How many episodes are in Yellowstone season 5? [EXPLAINER]Could John Dutton die in Yellowstone season 5? [DISCUSSION] Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly returns to filming as she confirms big news [INSIGHT] She may love the hustle and bustle of New York but Kelly also adores the peace and tranquillity of the Yellowstone filming locations. She regularly shares behind the scenes snaps of beautiful backdrops in Montana. The star recently took to Instagram to update fans that filming for Yellowstone season five had commenced. Sharing a stunning mountain view, she said: "Lily of the valley made it from my garden today to this beautiful valley in Montana. "I have missed these mountains so much, this cast and crew and of course her... #season5 #yellowstone" At the start of June, she posted a photo of her beautiful garden, which is full of blooming flowers. She said: "Got to see my garden again for a minute. All the peonies are here and the climbing hydrangeas have climbed." The actress recently teased what is in store for her character in the fifth season of Yellowstone. She said Beth would not be settling down and enjoying married life, as the drama continues to follow her wherever she goes.  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network on November 13.