It looks as though Liverpool's hopes of signing Monaco star Aurelien Tchouameni are over, as Real Madrid have got the better of them again in the space of a month. After beating them 1-0 in the Champions League final, Los Blancos have now snatched Liverpool's top midfield target this summer. Liverpool are still in need of a new midfielder, and they'll have to look elsewhere now that Tchouameni has agreed to join Madrid for £85million. The Reds continue to get knocked back, as their failure comes after they have reportedly 'given up' on signing Barcelona star Gavi, and Jude Bellingham also confirmed he is staying at Borussia Dortmund. Recently Liverpool's recruitment has been flawless, but they can't seem to get it right in midfield. Thiago rising to form helped them last season, but they are still yet to officially replace Georginio Wijnaldum who left the club in 2021. And here Express Sport take a look at three options Liverpool have left after missing out on their main targets. READ MORE: Liverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star Raphinha  Liverpool were already looking at other options in the event that Madrid were successful in their pursuit of Tchouameni, and unfortunately for the Reds, it appears as though they have been. But according to Voetball International, Liverpool were already eyeing PSV star Ibrahim Sangare just incase. The Ivorian has attracted a lot of interest from his performances in the Netherlands, and was even linked with a move to Manchester United in January, but interim boss Ralf Rangnick wasn't given any funds. Sangare is only slightly older than Tchouameni, and has similar defensive traits to the Frenchman. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star RaphinhaLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting  The report adds that Sangare would also be a fraction of the price, as he has a £32m release clause in his current contract. New PSV boss Ruud van Nistelrooy would love to keep the midfielder, but will not be able to block a move if Liverpool meet the cluase. Liverpool had been preparing to trigger Gavi's £42m release clause, but with the Spaniard set to sign a new deal, the Daily Mail have reported that the Reds will turn their attention to Kalvin Phillips. The Leeds United star is set to cost a similar amount to the fee that Liverpool were comfortable paying for Gavi.  The Leeds star has flourished in the Premier League since helping the Peacocks earn promotion, and his importance showed as the team seriously struggled after he picked up and injury. Leeds were almost relegated as Phillips faced three months out, highlighting his impact. Phillips won England's player of the year, and is being targeted by Manchester City and United. But Liverpool could act and bring the 26-year-old to Anfield as a potential long-term replacement for Jordan Henderson too.  Corentin Tolisso is set to leave Bayern Munich on a free transfer this summer, offering Liverpool a cheap alternative to sort out their issues. They have already found success bringing in Thiago from Bavaria, and could repeat a similar move. The Frenchman isn't as defensive minded as their other targets, but does boast a lot of talent. And according to ESPN, Tolisso has his sights set on a move to England this summer, making Liverpool a major favourite to sign him. However, although the fee would be free, Tolisso could demand excessive wages, and due to Liverpool's recent contractual resistance, this may be an issue. But if the Frenchman were to demand a modest salary, a deal could be done. 