Ovens are one of the hardest and most consuming appliances to clean in homes, especially when they have been left for weeks to gather baked on grease and bits of food. Even those who use their oven sparingly will still have an accumulation of residue after a few months and even weeks. But putting off cleaning the oven will only delay the inevitable, and make the job much tougher when it comes time to do it. Cleaning experts at Ovenu, the largest established oven cleaning specialists across the UK, have shared how white vinegar combined with steam acts as a “powerful” solution to remove grime. They said: “Thankfully, there is an easy way to maintain your oven between professional cleans, and it doesn’t require the use of harsh chemicals. “You can use vinegar and water as an all-purpose oven cleaner, in conjunction with the heat of your oven, to steam clean stubborn grime and remove grease stains. “White vinegar is a powerful cupboard essential that can double as a handy, eco-friendly oven cleaning product in a pinch. READ MORE: Cleaning: I tested out Mrs Hinch fans’ 75p hack to clean oven racks “Combining vinegar with water in an oven-safe bowl creates an acidic solution which can then be placed in a hot oven. “The heat from the oven boils the vinegar solution in the oven until it forms powerful steam that works away at the grime that has collected on the interior of your oven.” To clean inside the whole oven the first step is to prepare the oven racks for cleaning. The experts said: “Remove your oven racks and use a duster or vacuum cleaner to remove any loose debris. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ way to remove yellow toilet seat stains [TIPS]‘Best time of day’ to water plants ‘when it’s hot’ - when to avoid [INSIGHT]Use ‘pinching’ trick to get ‘the best results’ from your tomato plants [EXPERT] “Put one oven rack back in the oven, on one of the lowest shelves.” Once the first rack is cleaned the other one can take its place in the same spot in the one. The next step is to preheat the oven to its “highest temperature” which is typically 232 degrees, according to the cleaning pros. After, half fill a large oven-safe bowl or pot with water and half a cup of vinegar. For those who cannot stand the smell of white vinegar, they can add a few drops of scented washing up liquid to the bowl. Place the pot in the oven and leave for between 20 and 60 minutes, allowing the steam to loosen grease and dirt from the oven walls, floor and ceiling. Once the time is up, turn off the oven and allow it to cool down. Once the oven is cool enough, wipe clean the condensation that has formed on the inside of the oven. Use a clean, dry cloth, and homeowners will see that the grease and dirt come off easily. If necessary, the experts suggested scrubbing the remaining stubborn stains with a paste made of baking soda and vinegar. White vinegar can be picked up from Asda for as little as 29p. This baking soda mixture, when combined with the use of a heavy-duty scrubber or steel wool pad will pack a bit more punch against the remaining stubborn stains.