The Last Kingdom continues to be a huge hit on Netflix and the historical TV drama came to an end earlier this year. Fans were thrilled to hear Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) story would continue in a sequel film, which will also air on the streaming platform. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what to expect from the feature-length movie. Seven Kings Must Die is a two-hour follow-up film which was first announced in October 2021. Alexander Dreymon has finished filming for the movie and he has reprised his role as Uhtred of Bebbanburg. The film should pick up after the events of the season four finale, which saw Uhtred claim back his homeland. He struck a deal with King Constantine (Rod Hallett) to keep Northumbria as a buffer between England and Scotland until a new English king had been appointed. With Bebbanburg remaining independent, King Edward's (Timothy Innes) job to unify England has been thwarted. READ MORE: Where is The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth now? There is a chance he will return to betray Uhtred in the upcoming film. Seven Kings Must Die will be a standalone story, according to executive producer Nigel Marchant. He said season five of The Last Kingdom was a natural place to end the story. However, there were a few more of Bernard Cornwell's books left to cover. He said: "Season five does feel like the end of the TV series, and the movie will be much more standalone. "It'll be an extra treat for the fans of the TV series, but you could also watch it even if you've never seen the TV show." Uhtred is likely to be joined by his friends Sihtric (Arnas Fedaravičius) and Finan (Mark Rowley) in the film. Both actors were seen alongside Dreymon in behind-the-scenes videos on social media. Sadly Eliza Butterworth has confirmed she will not be reappearing as Aelswith. This is due to scheduling conflicts as she has been filming for a Sky series, A Town Called Malice. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom and Vikings defended by expert over 'inaccuracy' [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom: What was Alexander Dreymon's 'worst moment' on set? [INSIGHT] What languages does Alexander Dreymon from The Last Kingdom speak? [EXPLAINER] Further exploring what fans can expect from the film, Uhtred will be trying to maintain his independence from any war between King Constantin of Alba and King Edward of Wessex. All Uhtred dreams of is to live in peace in his homeland, but this may not be the case. Either way, Uhtred will be at the heart of shaping the future of England. Filming took place for three months with production wrapping on March 19, 2022. Dreymon shared an update on Instagram when filming ended, as he was sad to leave Uhtred behind. He said: "That’s a wrap on [The Last Kingdom], on Seven Kings Must Die, and on Uhtred, son of Uhtred. "As you can tell, I’m slightly out of it, exhausted and overwhelmed. "Overwhelmed with gratitude for everyone who has gotten us to this point…our cast and crew, [Carnival Films] & [NBC Universal] and, of course, all of you. "Thank you [Netflix] for allowing us to travel all the way to Bebbanburg and beyond. "I feel so lucky that I got to live part time in Uhtred’s skin for so many years. From the bottom of my heart, thank you all."  Seven Kings Must Die is coming to Netflix in 2023.