Roo Irvine, Caroline Hawley and Danny Sebastian will be fronting the much-loved BBC series Bargain Hunt after already appearing as experts. They join current hosts Natasha Raskin Sharp, Christina Trevanion, Eric Knowles and Charlie Ross who help the red and blue teams find unique pre-loved pieces to take to auction. Roo will be the first to present an episode of the new series with her programme airing on Monday. She will be heading to an antiques fair in Southwell, Nottinghamshire, which she described as “exhilarating, exciting and great fun”. In Monday’s show, Roo tests local people’s knowledge about the purpose of a mysterious antique kitchen gadget that would fox the best of chefs. She said of her new role: “I’m loving every second of it! Bargain Hunt has such a happy, chilled vibe and that’s down to the contestants and the crew. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' “It’s like a big family. They say ‘do what you love and you’ll never do a day’s work again’ – that is definitely me!” Meanwhile, Caroline’s first episode presenting will air on June 27 as she heads to RAF Cosford in Shropshire to get up close to a Spitfire. She will explain to viewers how she’s in awe of the female pilots who delivered this iconic plane to airfields around the country during WW2 and the young men who flew them into battle. “I find it incredibly moving to sit in the cockpit where a young man sat in the war, very, very moving. Spine tingling,” she said. “I feel very privileged to do that, very lucky.” On her presenting role, she added: “Presenting Bargain Hunt is absolutely amazing. I enjoy it so much! “It’s fantastic to meet so many people with a passion for their subject, whatever that is. I love it all.” However, fans will have to wait a little bit longer to see Danny as host as his episodes will not be broadcast until October. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt’s Izzie Balmer gives insight into career away from BBC  [INSIGHT]Danny Sebastian nationality: Where was Bargain Hunt expert born? [INSIGHT]What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? [EXPLAINER] He said of the role: “I’m absolutely over the moon, it’s beautiful really. It’s like a dream come true. “I always thought I’d love to do this job – I’m so extremely fortunate to be given the opportunity. “It’s a fabulous show, very iconic and presenting it has given me a real kick.” Danny loves spotting an opportunity to upcycle and re-purpose collectables and meets the team behind the Recycle project in North Yorkshire, who specialise in transforming objects destined for landfill. They’ve repurposed thousands of items, saving pounds as well as the planet. But the antiques expert particularly enjoys working with the red and blue teams. “It’s so nice to meet the teams because you find it’s a great buzz for them too and you’re feeling that with them” Danny shared. His best bargain is a French saxophone which he bought in a car boot sale in Milton Keynes and sold on the Internet for £3000. “The real truth is I didn’t know it was worth that much. I just had a gut instinct that it was nice.” Bargain Hunt is on BBC One every day from 12.15pm.