There's bad news for anyone who loves to stream endless documentaries with some Sky customers losing access to National Geographic later this month. Those who access content via Sky's NOW platform (formerly NOW TV) will no longer be able to tune into National Geographic with things shutting down on June 28. The changes haven't yet been officially revealed by the satellite TV firm but the eagle-eyed team at Cordbusters have spotted numerous NOW users asking about the upcoming changes. Posting a message on Twitter, one customer, called Conor asked, "Hey, @NOW. I've read National Geographic is being removed from the Entertainment add-on from 28/6. Does this apply to the live channels only, or both live and on-demand content?" NOW's social media team then confirmed the closer with a response that said, " You have until 28 June to view any National Geographic content on NOW." It's unclear why National Geographic is being removed but it may have something to do with Disney+ wanting to attract more users to its subscription service. READ MORE: Best Sky Deals: Get Discounts On TV Packages For Sky Glass And Sky Q Disney owns a huge share of National Geographic and it makes sense for the company to have some exclusivity on who can watch programmes via the channel. Although that's clearly bad news for NOW users there is also a better update on its way with it being confirmed that the BBC's Alibi service is coming to the streaming platform. This upgrade will arrive on the same date that National Geographic departs and will offer users the chance to watch shows including Death in Paradise, Murdoch Mysteries, Evil and Inspector George Gently. It's not just NOW that's seeing a shake-up to its content with those who use Freeview also about to be hit by some big changes. Forces TV, which features a swathe of popular shows from the 70s and 80s along with dedicated content for the military, will close down its service from June 30 And that's not all as the BBC has also confirmed that it will no longer be transmitting its BBC News HD service from next month. The closures are due to one of the signals used for Freeview transmission, called COM7 multiplex, being switched off to make way for 5G mobile technology. EE won the rights to use this service which will pave the way for faster downloads when its customers are away from fixed-line broadband.