The two prominent royals have been attending an array of events during this special Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. And, while maintaining the Queen's privacy, they provided positive updates on her health state after Her Majesty decided to pull out of the service of thanksgiving held on Friday at St Paul's Cathedral. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Kate opened up on the Queen on Friday afternoon during a reception at London Guildhall. The Duchess told Gill Smallwood, one of the attendees at the lunch, the monarch was doing "fine". She added the 96-year-old monarch had found the prior day "very tiring". Ms Smallwood said: "Kate said ‘yes, she was fine, it was just very tiring yesterday, and she had had a lovely, lovely time’." Ms Smallwood is the chief executive of domestic violence charity Fortalice and attended the reception as one of the MBE recipients in the New Year honours. The charity leader, who was also at St Paul's Cathedral a few hours prior the lunch, added the Duchess revealed to her Prince George, Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte had "a lovely time" on Thursday. On the first day of the extended Platinum Jubilee bank holiday, the Duke and Duchess' children took part in a carriage drive through the Mall and up to Horse Guards Parade. From there, they watched the Trooping the Colour parade before heading to Buckingham Palace and stepping onto its balcony for the RAF flypast. READ MORE: Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan The Queen was with them and appeared delighted at the show provided by the 70 aircraft. A few hours later, Buckingham Palace released a statement announced the monarch would not join the rest of the Royal Family at St Paul's Cathedral for a service for her reign and life, due to "some discomfort" she had experienced during the day. The statement read: "The Queen greatly enjoyed today’s Birthday Parade and flypast but did experience some discomfort. "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow’s national service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend." Nevertheless, a few hours later the monarch stepped out of her residence in Windsor for the Lighting of the Beacons. Zara, one of the Queen's granddaughters, provided another update on the monarch earlier today, as she attended the Epsom Derby in Surrey with her mother Princess Anne and brother Peter Phillips. Before the beginning of the races, Zara told racegoers her grandmother was doing "well". She said: "She will be watching on the TV – she has a few runners today dotted around the country, so she knows exactly what’s going on. "She’ll just be sat on the sofa watching the TV. She'll be in her comfy clothes." Asked whether she had spoken to Her Majesty recently, Zara added: "Yes. She’s well, but obviously she was in London on Thursday. "She’s got runners today, so she’ll concentrate on that and be watching the Derby." While in Surrey, Zara's husband Mike praised the monarch for her unwavering commitment to duty and service. He said: "The Queen is such a wonderful woman. I have said this numerous times, but in terms of how you want a leader to be, she is that person and someone who sets an example. "It’s such a shame that she’s not here with us. It would have been the dream if [her colt] Reach For The Moon was here."Kate, Mike and Zara are among the members of the Royal Family expected to attend the concert at Buckingham Palace later tonight. While the monarch won't be in attendance, she will likely watch the tribute from her Berkshire residence.