Newcastle chief Dan Ashworth is in the market for a deal to bring Belgium winger Thorgan Hazard to the club - with the transfer guru being quoted a fee of just £13million to secure his signature ahead of the new Premier League season, according to reports. Ashworth took over at St. James' Park earlier this month after stints at Brighton, West Brom and the FA. He has been tasked with being the head of recruitment that will ultimately take Newcastle to consistent European football and potentially a first Premier League title in the coming years. A multitude of targets have been linked with the club as Ashworth aims to vastly improve the current ability of the playing squad in the north east. And Hazard is the latest player to be linked, with Bild reporting that the Borussia Dortmund star is available for the measly sum of around £13m. The report states that Newcastle are interested in adding Hazard, younger brother of Chelsea legend Eden, to their squad ahead of pre-season. Dortmund are not thought to be completely against a transfer given that he is nowhere near as important for them as he once was when he signed. As such, the lowly fee should not be too much of a problem for the Magpies, who have a huge transfer kitty to burn through following their takeover in October. Hazard is one of the top earners at the Signal Iduna Park, reportedly earning around £110,000-per-week for the side who finished second in the Bundesliga last season. The report believes that amount of money is 'peanuts' for Newcastle, who could vastly improve Hazard's wages should he move to Tyneside. With two years left on his contract, a decision on his future this summer isn't a surprise. And alongside potential incomings such as Sven Botman, Hugo Ekitike and Nick Pope, European football at St. James' Park may not be too far out of the question next season. Ashworth portrayed his delight at joining the Magpies when he took over at the helm two weeks ago. "Newcastle United is an incredible football club and I’m delighted to be joining at this very exciting time," Ashworth said. "Each time I’ve been to St. James’ Park in the past, I have been reminded of the club's long history and the unrivalled passion of its fan base. “It is a huge football club with great potential, and I am incredibly positive about what we can collectively achieve. I’m excited to start work immediately and look forward to being part of a team that is helping the club to grow and achieve long-term success."