Manchester United look set to be priced out of another summer transfer with RB Leipzig reportedly placing a £100 million price tag on Christopher Nkunku. The Red Devils have already been beaten to a deal for Benfica forward Darwin Nunez by rivals Liverpool, and now look set to miss out on another attacking target. Erik ten Hag has reportedly been handed a budget in excess of £100 million to lead a major rebuild at Old Trafford. United endured a dismal end to last season under interim boss Ralf Rangnick, and finished 35 points adrift of champions Manchester City. A new forward is said to be on the former Ajax boss' wishlist this summer, with Nunez heavily linked with a switch to Old Trafford following a standout campaign with Benfica. The Uruguay international netted 34 times in all competitions, and was widely tipped to make the move to the Premier League this summer. However, it is Liverpool who have sealed an agreement with Nunez in a deal that could reportedly reach a total of around £85 million. Sadio Mane is expected to leave the FA Cup and Carabao Cup holders, and Jurgen Klopp has wasted no time in securing a likely replacement. JUST IN: Man Utd failed in last ditch attempt to steal Ryan Gravenberch after Erik ten Hag talks  The Independent claim ten Hag sees the signing of a new midfielder as the priority this summer, with Barcelona playmaker Frenkie de Jong said to be the number one target. The Catalan giants' financial woes means they could be tempted to cash in on the Netherlands international, although the clubs are reportedly still some way apart in their valuations. It is this priority which meant United were unwilling to match Benfica's lofty valuation for Nunez. Nkunku was said to have been seen as an alternative target, but another high price tag will likely force a rethink at Old Trafford. READ MORE Erik ten Hag needs three approvals for Man Utd to complete Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd ‘to trigger Ruben Neves offer’ as Erik ten Hag seeks blockbuster dealMan Utd star Marcus Rashford has already explained best position ahead of Erik ten Hag era    The France international enjoyed a sensational season, registering 35 goals and 19 assists in all competition. Arsenal, Liverpool, Paris Saint- Germain and United have all been credited with an interest in Nkunku this summer. However, despite this speculation over an imminent transfer, the 24-year-old is said to be on the verge of signing a new contract with Leipzig. Nkunku has reportedly been convinced his progression will be best served by remaining in the Bundesliga for another season.  Reports claim the new contract will include a release clause in the region of £50 million, which will become active next year. The versatile forward was awarded his first senior call-up for France in March of this year, and is currently on Nations League duty with the world champions. News of Nkunku's expected contract extension will prove to be another setback for United's summer transfer plans. The Red Devils have also been linked with a move for Ajax winger Antony, who has previously shone on the left wing under ten Hag. 