The Techne UK/ Express.co.uk tracker poll saw the Tories gain a point to 33 percent and Labour lose one to 39 percent as the Prime Minister started to reset his Government after surviving a vote of no confidence. But the Prime Minister is not out of trouble with rebellions planned for next week on the Northern Ireland Brexit bill and a “nanny state” attempt to reform gambling. The polling suggests that concerns over Mr Johnson’s fate being linked to a Rejoiner plot could be resonating with Brexit voters with six in 10 (59 percent) Leave supporters backing the Tories. Also Labour’s silence this week as the Conservatives at first tore themselves apart and then Mr Johnson relaunched his Government with a major speech on housing reform and future tax cuts appear to have allowed him to pick up public support. Crucially, from the 1,624 adults polled on June 8 and 9, almost a quarter (22 percent) still have not decided who they would back in an election. Techne UK chief executive Michela Morizzo said: "This week's poll result will come as a surprise to many in a week where Boris Johnson has faced a vote of no confidence by his MPs with so many voting against him. “However, it shows that the electorate is beginning to move on from Partygate and looking to what policies the Government is putting forward. Conversely, Labour has said little this week and instead allowed the Prime Minister and Conservatives to take the spotlight with their internal troubles. “Labour does not seem to be strong enough to grab the consensus in the wake of that vote." The current state of the polls though would leave the door open to a Labour/ Lib Dem/ Rejoiner alliance which could take the UK back into the EU and potentially see it split up with another Scottish referendum. Importantly, 65 percent still lack confidence in the Government. According to Electoral Calculus Labour would get 314 seats in this scenario, 12 short of a majority needing the Lib Dems’ 16 predicted seats at least and possibly 52 SNP seats to govern. Express.co.uk has been told that despite Mr Johnson winning the 148 MPs who voted against him have emboldened rebels in a number of areas. At least five potential leadership candidates this week have had meetings with party donors to get money for a run at Mr Johnson’s job. READ MORE: Ukraine ex-PM demands Tories back Boris for war on Putin Added to that he faces a test of strength over plans to force bookmakers to take people’s personal financial details before allowing them to bet on horse racing or other events. This comes on top of both Rejoiners and Brexiteers threatening to vote against the controversial Northern Ireland Bill aimed at ending the crisis over the Protocol. A group set up to oppose the gambling reforms which has been working with Tory MPs warned that the “political elite” are threatening Britons' freedom. Set up last year, the Players Panel aims to give ordinary gamblers a voice in the future of the industry. DON'T MISS Macron 'humiliated' France! French leader's Ukraine stance lambasted [REVEAL] Boris has won but is it just the start of the end? asks DAVID MADDOX [INSIGHT] Boris Johnson criticises union barons over strikes [REACT] The group is campaigning for “the 99 percent, who see gambling as a bit of fun,” amid a crucial period for punters. The GAR, due to be published this summer, looks set to curb Britons who enjoy a flutter, with insiders claiming bank statements may have to be shown in order to place a bet. Added to this, is the fear government agencies could dictate whether somebody could and couldn’t afford, based on all their financial data. Free bets are set to be outlawed, as well as restrictions on how much someone could spend on online games. One tory backbench MP told express.co.uk that legislation would have to be seen as “helping, not hindering,” people’s lives. “We have had two years of restrictions and now the biggest cost of living crisis in a generation. The state needs to get involved when it can directly help. It needs to let us live our lives. “We are told we are to govern like true Conservatives, let’s see.”