Princess Anne was driven by horse and carriage into the racecourse, sitting next to her daughter Zara Tindall. Being an avid horse racing fan, this is the Princess’ third appearance at the races this week. At 71, Princess Anne has an impeccable wardrobe and her sartorial choices never disappoints whenever she steps out. For Ladies Day at Royal Ascot, the royal opted for a copper-orange dress with a matching hat. Her dress was shiny and shimmering, glinting in the sunlight. Anne’s hat was a similar colour to her dress, but a little paler. READ MORE: Prince William embraces Mike Tindall - 'provider of support & banter' Presenter Charlotte Dawkins described Anne’s dress as “gold”, calling it a “lovely colour”. It is an interesting colour that makes Anne stand out, ensuring that the crowds can see her. The dress is made of a light, silk fabric and has three-quarter sleeves. As for accessories, Anne donned white gloves and a pearl choker clasped at the centre with a small silver brooch. Anne carried a nude handbag and a matching pair of nude heels featuring small bows. The Princess is a fan of bright colours and has often worn orange in the past. Like many members of the Royal Family, she also enjoys wearing pearl jewellery, and the choker she wore today is just one of a vast collection of pearl necklaces. She wore a different pearl necklace yesterday, for the second day of the races – it was a delicate three-stringed choker featuring a small diamond at its centre. Anne opted for a silk dress yesterday too, but this time in silver. She paired it with a silver-blue hat with a huge flower on the side. The Princess completed the look with a horse-shaped brooch she has owned for decades, and a pair of tiny dangling pearl pear drop earrings. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, was seen at the races yesterday with Anne, wearing a striking blue dress with a matching hat. Royal fans took to social media this afternoon to comment on Anne’s look. Twitter user @The_QVDS wrote: “Both [Anne and Zara] looking extremely good as usual.” Alice Wright said: “Princess Anne looked radiant leading the Royal Processions this afternoon.”