Motorists have been warned by experts that excessive braking can lead to bigger fuel consumption and even damage to the car. Constantly using brakes can not only wear down and damage the brake pads and rotors but also increase the driver’s fuel bill by a considerable amount. Car owners who accelerate or brake harder, burn much more fuel. According to fuel-economy.co.uk, the bad habit can lead to vehicles using 60 percent more petrol or diesel. Drivers should instead coast to a stop rather than slam the brakes as it helps in conserving fuel. Motorists can also use engine braking to slow down the car. READ MORE: Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel This can be done by releasing the accelerator and shifting down through gears, rather than using the footbrake. Engine braking shuts off fuel consumption, as opposed to just braking or putting the car in neutral. Motorists who use this type of breaking will enjoy a safer and more economical drive that also preserves the brakes. Car owners should use engine braking when they see traffic slowing down ahead rather than waiting until the last minute to stop. DON'T MISS All new homes and buildings required to have an electric car charger [REVEAL] Motorists will be 'pleasantly surprised' when using hypermiling tricks [INSIGHT] Petrol and diesel drivers warned of new Clean Air Zone plans [WARNING] This will give drivers adequate time to stop and respond to the changing situation. This results in engine braking being much safer as it makes other motorists aware of the driver’s actions well in advance. Motoring experts added that drivers also have the advantage of being in a better position to react if something unexpected happens. A lower gear also means drivers can either slow down or speed up in order to avoid an emerging hazard. Graham Conway, Managing Director of UK car and van leasing website, Select Car Leasing, said: “We all know how to take care of our cars, checking tyre pressure and tread, regular MOTs and keeping them topped up with fuel. “But what many people don’t realise is the damage they are causing in their everyday use. "The good news is that these things are easy to rectify once people become aware of what they are doing wrong.” Mr Conway added: “Watch your speed and ensure there’s enough space between you and cars in front so you don’t have to brake so often.” The news comes as British motorists are facing record prices for petrol and diesel. Fuel prices hit record highs with motorists expected to pay 185.44p per litre of petrol and 191.21p per litre of diesel. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that both prices are still likely to rise. The cost of filling up an average 55-litre family car went above £100 for the first time ever last week. And, the crisis is not showing any signs of slowing down. Several motorists reported that they even spotted some filling stations asking for over £2 for a litre of fuel.