The cancer can be more common in people who already have liver disease, so it is important to be vigilant in those cases. Macmillan says symptoms of secondary liver cancer (liver metastases) can include: loss of appetite, weight loss, feeling sick and tiredness. It also says people sometimes experience a high temperature and flu-like symptoms, such as aching all over.  The NHS says you should see a GP if you have: “This is because if they're caused by cancer, finding it early makes it more treatable,” it explains. READ MORE: Peter Kay: Comic's 'first hand experience' of 'complex' disease - condition explained  The organisation says: “Make an appointment with your doctor if you experience any signs or symptoms that worry you.” The Cleveland Clinic explains the liver is one of the most important organs in the body. It explains: “The liver is divided into sections, called lobes, and acts as a filter for blood. It takes harmful substances out of the blood that are later passed out of the body as waste." The liver also:  The NHS says: “You should also contact your GP if you have previously been diagnosed with a condition known to affect the liver, such as cirrhosis or a hepatitis C infection, and your health suddenly deteriorates.” It says despite being a common type of cancer worldwide, liver cancer is relatively uncommon in the UK. It says there are just over 4,000 new cases diagnosed each year, though the number of people affected by liver cancer rises sharply with age. It adds: “Over the past few decades, rates of liver cancer in the UK have risen considerably,possibly as a result of increased levels of alcohol intake and obesity.”  The Liver Foundation says: “Liver cancer is diagnosed through a physical examination and special medical tests. “Diagnosis may include ultrasounds, CT scans, and MRI. Sometimes doctors may perform a liver biopsy, a procedure in which a small piece of liver tissue is removed and studied to confirm the diagnosis of liver cancer. “Doctors may often do genetic testing of the cancer to help determine the best type of treatment for the patient.” It adds: “Liver cancer may have genetic or hereditary causes that are outside of our control. We may, however, be able to reduce our risk for developing liver cancer by being aware of the most common causes.”  Cancer Research UK says your risk of developing cancer depends on many factors. These include your age, genetics, lifestyle and environmental factors. The charity says 20 out of 100 cases of liver cancer in the UK are caused by smoking and more than 20 out of 100 cases of liver cancer in the UK are caused by being overweight or obese. It states: “Although liver cancer can happen at any age, it is most common in older people. Most people diagnosed are over the age of 60. The highest rates are in 85 to 89 year olds.” The charity also notes people with diabetes have a higher risk of liver cancer than people who do not have diabetes. 