Britain's Got Talent returns to ITV this evening for the grand final, after a week of live semi-final shows. A total of 10 acts were selected, by both the public and the panel of judges, and they will have one more opportunity to impress. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the final is on. Fans of the nation's favourite talent contest can look forward to a bumper episode tonight. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly return to host the final stage of the talent search. The judges will be able to share their thoughts on the 10 performances but it is ultimately down to the public to crown the winner. Whoever comes out on top will win a life-changing cash prize of £250,000 and a chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance. Tonight's final will air for two-and-a-half hours. READ MORE: Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles Instead of its usual 8pm slot, the final will start earlier, at 7.30pm. By 10pm, the winner of the 2022 series will be crowned and the show will be over for another year. Over the course of the week, two acts from each semi-final have secured a place in tonight's show. As the stakes have never been higher, they will have to offer up something very special to be in with a chance of winning. Professional singer Loren Allred won the public vote and she said she had a very personal performance in the pipeline. The Greatest Showman star was defended by judge Simon Cowell following a string of backlash from viewers. Some fans claimed the show was a 'fix' as the American singer was already a professional. After her impressive performance in the semi-final, Simon said: "I know you got a bit of stick in the media saying you know, 'it's a fix' because you know, you've been on another show. "Well that's the whole point of shows like this is they can give people a second chance. "And you know we haven't had a female winner this week so far, I hope you change that after tonight." DON'T MISS... David Williams orders Simon Cowell to ‘go home’ after BGT act jibe [VIDEO] BGT 'fix' row as fans claim dog act was 'robbed' of place in final [DISCUSSION]  Simon Cowell takes swipe at 'boring politicians' after BGT audition [VIDEO] The head judge hinted he may bring two wild cards back for the grand final this year. Feeling as though he did not have enough chances to put his favourites through, he said: "I think we are going to have to bring one or two wild cards. I really mean it." This came after he had to send nine-year-old singer Immi Davis home after she made the top three. The judges chose to save comedienne Eva Abley instead. Simon had also considered giving The Phantom another opportunity to perform Viewers are convinced the invisible illusionist is in fact a former BGT contestant. They took to Twitter to suggest it was Marc Spelmann, the mastermind behind Magician 'X'. He reached the semi-finals of season 12, receiving Ant and Dec's Golden Buzzer.  Britain's Got Talent returns to ITV tonight at 7.30pm.