The Order of the Garter is Britain's highest chivalrous honour, and is awarded at the personal discretion of the Queen. Those admitted to the Order are inducted in a ceremony in June, after which they become part of the exclusive, 24-member club.  It was announced Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, will be invested at the ceremony and referred to as a “royal companion”, with former prime minister Sir Tony Blair and ex-UN undersecretary Baroness Amos receiving the titles of “knight and lady companions”. It is believed Prince Andrew, who is a member of the Order, had intended to make an appearance at the spectacular procession. But it is understood that a "family decision" meant the Duke of York, 62, was blocked from walking with the rest of the senior royals to the service at St George's Chapel, Windsor. It is reported that Princes Charles and William petitioned the Queen, 96, to keep the Duke of York away from the public eye for the ceremony, which is a staple of the royal calendar. A royal source told The Sun that the Duke of York was to be kept away from cameras “for his own good”. However, a source close to the prince said it was Andrew's "personal choice", rather than a move forced upon him. Buckingham Palace then confirmed Prince Andrew would be present for the private elements of the day, rather than those on full display to the public. A Palace spokesman said: “The Duke of York will attend the investiture and lunch today but will not be part of the procession or service.” READ MORE: Queen kept ‘wonderful’ secret from family for Jubilee Prince Andrew has now been spotted on his way to Windsor Castle on the way to the private lunch following the procession. This follows reports that Prince Andrew has petitioned the monarch for a return to royal life after he was stripped of his HRH title, military patronages and official royal affiliations. An unnamed source told The Telegraph: “The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. "Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events.  DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Andrew axe was 'family decision' [LIVE] POLL: Are William and Charles right to block Andrew from Order? [VOTE] All hail Queen Anne! Britons WOULD support Anne as next monarch - poll [REVEAL] “Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and ‘Prince of the Blood’ and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected.” The Duke has been scarcely seen in public since he reached an out-of-court settlement with US accuser, Virginia Roberts Giuffre, for an estimated sum of £12 million. The prince has always denied the allegations of sexual abuse against him. He missed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, with a Palace spokesperson saying the Duke had contracted coronavirus ahead of the bulk of the weekend's events. A palace spokesperson said at the beginning of the Jubilee weekend: “After undertaking a routine test the duke has tested positive for Covid and with regret will no longer be attending tomorrow’s service.” Prince Andrew previously made a controversial appearance at a service of thanksgiving dedicated to the Duke of Edinburgh earlier this year. The Duke escorted his mother to her seat at Westminster Abbey for the service in March.