Chelsea winger Christian Pulisic has been warned he may need to “drop down a level” in search of regular football as Craig Burley named Newcastle and West Ham as two potential landing spots for the American. The USA star has seen limited playing time under Thomas Tuchel and could move further down the pecking order should the Blues complete the signing of Raheem Sterling from Manchester City. Pulisic made just 13 Premier League starts last season, and former Chelsea midfielder Burley believes that he may need to leave Stamford Bridge ahead of the World Cup this winter. “I think if he wants to make a mark on a regular basis, he is probably going to have to drop down one level,” Burley told ESPN. “I don’t mean one level as in the Championship, a level within the Premier League. “Whether that’s a West Ham or a Newcastle or whoever it is, you look at the game time that he has had, you look at the possibility of Sterling and a couple of others coming, you look at [Kai] Havertz, [Timo] Werner is still there. “Some of these players might go, [Hakim] Ziyech, [Callum] Hudson-Odoi, Mason Mount and then Christian himself. Some of these might go but they might not. “Then you have to ask the question ‘How much game time am I going to get? Am I prepared to take a drop in wages? Am I prepared to move on and take a loan?’, it is all things you have got to juggle. I would be concerned about the game time for him.” Despite previously being linked with a move for the American, Pulisic won’t be linking up with his former Borussia Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp as Liverpool are not targeting the 23-year-old this summer. Chelsea’s move for Sterling has been considered “a serious possibility” by transfer expert Fabrizio Romano as the England star has just one year left on his Manchester City contract and has been mulling over his options. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony Pulisic has admitted that he wants to play more regular football. “Of course, I want to get more playing time,” he said on international duty. “I want to be on the field as much as I can and be the sharpest I can be and fit as well. “And I think I still got a lot of games, but it’s always something that I’m working at and trying to be regular at club level as well to put myself in the best position to be fit when I come here with the national team.” While Pulisic’s father took to social media in March to complain about his son’s lack of minutes at Chelsea. Mark Pulisic deleted a tweet that read: “The sad thing is he loves this club, teammates, and London.… puts his heart and soul into being a pro. Onwards and upwards my boy…big 6 months ahead..”