Manchester United's summer pursuit of Ajax winger Antony may rely on a Tottenham transfer decision. Erik ten Hag wants to reunite with the Brazilian winger at Old Trafford, but Ajax aren't ready to easily surrender another of their prized assets and are looking to price United out of a move. However, the Dutch champions' stance could change if they secure the signing of a long-standing target, Steven Bergwijn. The 24-year-old was unsuccessfully courted for a Netherlands return by Ten Hag in January but looks more likely than ever to leave Tottenham this summer. And he is high up in new Ajax manager Alfred Schreuder's list of summer transfer targets, with Antonio Conte willing to offload him. But Ajax are yet to agree a deal for Bergwijn's services and would've been sweating over Tottenham offering him to Everton as part of a part-player swap for Richarlison earlier this week. As negotiations continue between Ajax and Spurs, Schreuder said on Tuesday: "Nothing is done for Bergwijn. We just have to wait." And if he eventually gets his man, there is an increased likelihood United can tempt the Amsterdam giants to part ways with Antony this summer. JUST IN: Ten Hag's plan for Tyrell Malacia 'could spell the end' for United ace Antony is Ten Hag's priority attacking target after missing out on Darwin Nunez, who Liverpool poached while United's focus was firmly on Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. But with an initial £56million fee now broadly agreed with the La Liga outfit, football director John Murtough is working on other targets that fit into the club's budget. The Red Devils have agreed a £15m deal with Feyenoord to sign exciting left-back Malacia and are expected to accelerate their pursuit of Ajax centre-back Lisandro Martinez next. It's unlikely enough Ajax will agree to hand Ten Hag two of their star players in one transfer window, but their £70m Antony valuation is also a significant issue. READ MORE: Four Jorge Mendes clients Chelsea may sign after Ronaldo discussed Bergwijn's potential arrival would loosen their stubborn stance, though, and with Antony wanting a move, he could internally push Schreuder to let him reunite with his former boss in England. That is likely the only way for United, who will undoubtedly have alternative targets if they fail, to sign the player. Ten Hag's preference has switched from a striker to a versatile winger after missing out on £85m Nunez. Serge Gnabry's Bayern Munich contract talks are stalling, and Villarreal star Arnaut Danjuma is said to be of interest. They are just two options to bolster the Dutchman's attacking options after Edinson Cavani's exit though it's unclear if United will be able to land either of them. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here