Ross Kemp went on to Good Morning Britain to highlight the impact PTSD [post-traumatic stress disorder] has on army veterans as he gave information on where people can get help if they need it. However, the chat soon took a turn when ITV host Susanna Reid grilled him on how some PTSD storylines are portrayed in TV dramas, giving the example of actor Richard Madden's role in Bodyguard. "There is a lot that is described when it comes to PTSD in a drama," Susanna said. "You know, this idea that a soldier who has seen the worst of the worst out in Iraq or Afghanistan, comes back to be shattered by PTSD, he on a sort of hair-trigger. "That's what you're saying it's a sort of cliche in drama. That is not helpful because of course, people with PTSD, and not the majority of them will not be like that." Ross hit back: "It's a specific kind of mental health issue. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find "And it's now become an all-encompassing term for a mental health issue. "Service personnel, veterans, so it only accounts for seven percent of all veterans. "And as you compare that to people in the general community who haven't served, it's a full percent. "So it's not dramatically larger than the people who haven't served." He continued: "Whenever we see someone with PTSD on the screen, we know they're potentially going to be the angry, mad, sad person. "And as I say, you know, it's having a real detrimental effect on..." "The factors of PTSD can lead to terrible problems," Susanna interrupted. "It's one of the reasons that we need to be open about PTSD so that it can be treated." Susanna went on to point out that Richard Madden's character in Bodyguard got help for his PTSD while the cast of SAS Who Dares Wins have also spoken out on their own struggles. DON'T MISS...Suzie Fletcher children: Does The Repair Shop star have any children? [CAST]James Martin defends butter obsession in candid family admission [VIDEO]'It's real' JB Gill speaks out on Jeremy Clarkson’s farming struggles [INSIGHT] "That's a really good example," the host explained before adding: "Now, I've given you a couple of examples." Shutting Susanna down, Ross hit back: "Two examples and I could give you many more examples where it's not." "Of course, we need drama, and conflict inside the drama and it's only right to see those characters. "But there are too many of those characters who actually need to address and be a more honest representation of veterans' mental health.  "And if you do have PTSD or any mental health issue if you can get access to the right treatment to go through that and come out..." When asked what he would say to someone suffering from the illness, the former EastEnders star candidly said: "Don't be scared!" He told the host, anyone, who is struggling should reach out to Help for Heroes. "That is the hardest step, the first step," Ross concluded. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.