The Duke of Sussex was stripped of his honorary military titles when he and Meghan, 40, stepped back from royal life in 2020. Prince Harry has since not worn a military uniform to numerous official engagements, despite serving in the armed forces for a decade and completing two tours of Afghanistan. He did not opt for military attire when he and Meghan attended last week’s Trooping the Colour parade, watching from the Major General’s office in Horse Guards Parade. Instead, the prince donned a dark suit to watch the military spectacle. The couple was also stripped of their HRH titles when they cut out senior royal duties but retained the use of their Sussex title. But losing the military titles was something Prince Harry, 37, found particularly “demoralising”, it has been claimed. Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, authors of the Sussexes’ biography “Finding Freedom”, wrote that Harry could still wear some medals awarded to him during his years of service, after leaving the military in 2015. They wrote: “If his grandmother’s validation of his experiences served as encouragement, the most demoralising aspect of the new deal was his being stripped of his honorary military appointments that had been awarded to him as a senior royal. “As a retired serviceman, Harry would always be able to wear his medals, but no longer could he wear uniform as Captain-General of the Royal Marines, Honorary Air Force Commandant of the Royal Air Force Bas Honington, and honorary Commodore-in-Chief of the Royal Navy’s Small Ships and Diving Operations. “These roles had come to an end.” READ MORE: Prince Harry tipped for Megxit U-turn – Firm 'going to need him back' A source then told the biographers that Meghan had found it incredibly difficult to watch Harry lose these all-important military appointments. The source claimed: “That’s been a tough pill to swallow, and the one that has been most painful to Meghan to witness him go through. “It’s the one that made Harry emotional.” The Duke has maintained some ties with the military, continuing to promote the Invictus Games, which he founded back in 2014. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle suffers 'spectacular decline and fall' in UK [ANALYSIS]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations ‘worth every single penny!’ [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [VOTE] The Games are dedicated to injured or sick military service people, both serving and now veterans. The most recent Games took place in the Hague earlier this year, and in a speech at the event, the Duke paid homage to the “continued service” of past and present military men and women. He said: “Your stories inspire people to believe in themselves. “Your actions prove the impossible is, in fact, possible. “And your continued service encourages others to give back and serve in their own way. “With whatever you carry, with whatever may weigh you down, it is here at the Invictus Games that you realise it wasn’t a weight after all - it was a springboard that propelled you to the next level. “To being the best version of yourself. “The version of yourself that you missed, that your spouses missed, that your parents and your kids missed.”