  Joe Swash, 40, was photographed chatting to a female partygoer as he enjoyed his Ibiza stag do with some pals. The former EastEnders actor jetted off to Spain on Friday after his fiancée Stacey Solomon, 32, shared her fears ahead of the raucous affair.    Joe embarked on his stag do this weekend with the likes of comedian Rob Beckett, EastEnders’ Dean Gaffney, and Stacey’s dad Dave on the guest list. During the holiday, in pictures obtained by The Sun, Joe was seen chatting to a blonde beauty on a night out and later holding his head in his hands as he chatted with a mate. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Joe for comment. Joe - who appears to be absolutely devoted to his partner Stacey - was most likely hungover, but the Loose Women star still expressed a few worries ahead of his trip. As Joe jetted off with the couple's wedding just weeks away, Stacey took to Instagram to share her concerns with her 5.3 million followers.      The former X Factor finalist told fans that fiancé Joe was “the best”, but that she was still feeling seriously anxious over the stag do as Joe headed off early in the morning with her dad David. She told her followers: “Joe went really early this morning and I've just been on edge to be honest ever since. “I know he's not silly but you know when you just think 'Please don't do anything silly'. “My dad's a liability too,” Stacey added, revealing that David was a large part of why she was stressed out.    “All of you have been saying oh don't worry your dad will look after him - he's the biggest liability of them all! I'm so nervous.” Sharing a picture of Rose she added: “This little pickle has been keeping me occupied all day. Might be quiet over the next few days. “Joe is the best so I'm always a bit lost without him,” Stacey added. “But Jemma is coming to stay so help is on the way dear."      Joe appears to be having a whale of a time on his stag do. A few hours ago, he took to Instagram to repost a video from pal Rob as the lads sat around the pool. In the video, Rob asked Joe: “Who’s the biggest liability on your stag?” Joe replied by gesturing over to the pool area, where Stacey’s dad was caught sitting alone surrounded by a group of bikini-clad women.     “Stacey’s dad there, look, holding court,” Rob joked, as Joe could be heard cracking up in the background. Last week, Stacey shared a picture of her dad and Joe with three of their children, captioning it: “Dad, who we look up to no matter how tall we grow. “The way my dad loves Joe actually makes me cry,” she added with a tearful emoji. Joe and Stacey got engaged when Joe popped the question on Christmas Eve of 2020.  