Sir Paul McCartney wowed the Glastonbury crowd on Saturday evening with a near-three-hour performance broadcast on the BBC, including some of his and The Beatles’ biggest hits. The 80-year-old’s gig was undoubtedly one of the highlights of this year’s festival, in which there was a special cameo from late bandmate John Lennon on-screen, joint performances with Bruce Springsteen and Dave Grohl, as well as a show of solidarity for Ukraine as Paul held the country’s flag aloft. However, with tickets to the festival at a premium and some unable to watch the concert during its broadcast, many were looking forward to watching Paul on-demand via the iPlayer. But they were left dismayed on Sunday to discover the gig was nowhere to be seen on the streaming service. And it didn’t take long for fans to vent their fury online, contacting the BBC’s social media sites directly for answers. Twitter user @FRoxie310 tweeted on Sunday afternoon: “@bbcglasto can anyone tell me why I can’t see on iPlayer the Paul McCartney set YET as you can see everyone else’s slot so far, fell asleep.” READ MORE: GMB fans outraged as guest calls for 4-day school week The verified Glastonbury account simply tweeted in response: “The full set will be up very soon!” But the user wasn’t alone as earlier in the day, Riccardo Ettore had tweeted: “When is the Sir Paul McCartney’s set going to be available on iPlayer?” The Glastonbury page had replied: “Hi there, it will be coming to BBC iPlayer in the next couple of hours, Thanks!” This was picked up on by fellow disgruntled fan Helen Lister who raged online: “More than three hours ago, you said this — where is it? What is the hold up? Other sets were up within minutes. “This is unacceptable — hundreds of folk complaining on FB’s iPlayer page about this, and not being responded to. It was going to be the highlight of their Sundays.” Dawn Gardner added on Sunday: “This is silly! What is the delay? Couldn’t watch it last night with the family because it wasn’t streamed live. Now it’s nearly 6pm and it’s still not available???!!!!” Lee Curtis echoed: “Come on guys, this is ridiculous, how much longer is ‘very soon’? What’s the problem here?” Luckily, by Monday morning, Sir Paul’s set is now available to stream online, and a spokesperson for the BBC has since addressed the delay. DON'T MISS:Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor attacked by Max Turner Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secretAntiques Roadshow expert shares obscure advice to fetch value In a statement [via Daily Mail Online], they said: “This year we are delighted to bring audiences our most extensive coverage of Glastonbury to date. “Paul McCartney’s much-anticipated set was broadcast on BBC One at 10.30pm as well as on Radio 2 and will be available on BBC iPlayer and BBC Sounds. “Due to the complexity of broadcasting an event of this scale and the volume of performances we cover, there is sometimes variation between the transmission of performances and their availability on BBC iPlayer.” The 165-minute-long gig can now be streamed on iPlayer for users with a TV licence. The entire set is also available to download on mobile devices for iPlayer users. However, this may be little consolation to those who’d planned to watch the gig on Sunday. Other performances available to watch online include Billie Eilish, Kendrick Lamar, Diana Ross, Pet Shop Boys and many more. Glastonbury is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.