George (played by Tony Maudsley) has been settling into life on Coronation Street over the past two years, having struck up a romance with Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) and opened up a funeral home on Victoria Street. The character already has a few links to the cobbles as he is the son of the late Archie Shuttleworth (Roy Hudd) and Gail Platt's (Helen Worth) cousin. However, his sister Glenda Shuttleworth (Jodie Prenger) will make her first appearance on the ITV soap this summer and it seems she is going to bring a whole new lease of drama to the show.  Played by singer and star of the stage Jodie, Glenda will embody the essence of a truly classic character as she touches down on the cobbles to reunite with her brother. This won't be a quick stop, however, as she will be stepping off the cruise ships and making a mark for herself in Weatherfield. Having been sailing the seven seas for a while, she will want to try and see how her feet lay on the land and it's not too long before she becomes a barmaid at the Rovers Return. Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews) will be thrilled she has found someone to fill the spot once held by Emma Brooker (Alexandra Mardell). Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan) might not be too keen but she might not have any choice in the matter as Glenda could come highly recommended. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen It could be Glenda actually arrives on the cobbles for a job at the Rovers after her friend, Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh), got in contact with Jenny. When the former resident of Weatherfield was dating Ciaran McCarthy (Keith Duffy) back in 2011, the couple left together to work on a cruise ship. This is where they were for a good few months and during their stint on the boat, they could have met Glenda and made good friends with her. After Michelle and Ciaran went their separate ways, Glenda may have kept in contact with the former Rovers barmaid. Now some years later, with George's sister telling Michelle she was going to see her brother in Weatherfield, she could have asked her friend if she had a chance of getting a job at the pub. With Jenny being like family to Michelle, having been married to her uncle Johnny Connor (Richard Hawley), Michelle may have called in a favour. Needing more staff following Emma's departure to Australia, Jenny would have told Michelle she was more than happy to take Glenda on. It might not be until the newcomer is settled in behind the bar that Jenny realises her new employee is related to George. The Shuttleworths seem destined to become the new stronghold family on the cobbles, making friends left, right and centre with their charms. Viewers are likely to learn a lot more about their childhood, as well, which they have already been given a glimpse into as another newcomer, Frank Bardsley (Simon O'Brien), used to bully the undertaker at school. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Matthew Marsden details 'crazy' experience with Beyonce [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Sue Cleaver weight loss: Soap star dropped 3st without strict diet [ANALYSIS] Executive producer for the show, Iain MacLeod, has spoken about what's in store for Glenda as she becomes a new regular character on the cobbles. The soap boss explained: "Glenda sails in fresh from the cruise ships with a whiff of the exotic, quickly making best friends and enemies in equal measure. "The character is loads of fun and has echoes of classic Coronation Street females of old. "Jodie is a fabulous talent and we are all very excited to have her aboard. She has felt very Corrie since the moment she stepped onto set. "I think the viewers will love her," he added and viewers will recognise Jodie from several other projects she has been a part of. In 2008, she was the winner of Andrew Lloyd Webber's singing competition, I'd Do Anything, with the prize being to star as the character of Nancy in the West End production of Oliver! Jodie has also featured in several other stage productions, including shows such as Annie, One Man Two Guvnors and the musical version of Kay Mellor's Fat Friends. The actress and singer has also spoken about her excitement about joining the longest-running soap on British television. She said: "I know I sound like a soppy sod, but it’s been on my bucket list to be in Coronation Street since I was little. "It’s an honour, it truly is a very special moment in my life." "To be part of something my family and I have loved for so long," the actress continued in a statement. "And what a character, oh I have to say, total dream part. I can't wait for you all to meet fun and sassy Glenda, George Shuttleworth's sister. "I love Tony Maudsley already, what a fella! Your first day on the cobbles is one of the most nerve-wracking experiences you’ll go through and everyone was just so gloriously lovely, kind and welcoming. "It was, and is everything I expected, and more.” Jodie's first scenes as Glenda will air in August as Coronation Street gears up for a summer of hot and dramatic storylines. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.