Legal advice published today [June 6] said the Scottish Government was able to "lawfully" work on proposals for independence including preparing a referendum bill. The advice has put Nicola Sturgeon's plans on hold as Scottish Government lawyers also said ministers could call for the "transfer of power" from Westminster under a Section 30 order to hold a second separation vote.   But the lawyers did not clearly state that Holyrood can unilaterally organise a referendum. The released document, as reported by the Scottish Express, consists of limited extracts of their legal advice on the second independence referendum. One part of the document contains a submission, dated 26 February 2020, to former constitution secretary Mike Russell about whether it would be legal for the Scottish Government to undertake work preparing for a referendum. The extract read: "The Law Officers in their Opinion of 6 December 2019 confirmed Ministers can lawfully undertake policy development work preparing proposals for independence and in calling for a transfer of power.” Two officials were working on the laws to bring forward a second independence vote, costing roughly £100,000. The First Minister is tasked with taking care of the potentially problematic bill through Holyrood that could fulfil her primary political ambition. But the Bill, which is yet to be published by the Scottish Government, would require the new Lord Advocade, Dorothy Bain QC, to agree it would be likely to survive a competence challenge at the UK Supreme Court. Meanwhile, one senior civil servant and 14 other officials are dealing with a separate referendum blueprint, at a cost of up to £900,000. READ MORE: Lib Dems hatch new plot to oust Boris TODAY as Davey scrambles The submission also covered whether the Scottish Government could ask the Electoral Commission to look at a proposed question in any referendum. The First Minister has said that she wants to hold a vote before the end of 2023, despite Boris Johnson refusing to hand over the necessary constitutional powers. The SNP leader says that if the Prime Minister maintains his veto, she will move ahead with her own Bill and make the UK Government challenge the legislation in court. The release of the information comes after Scotland’s information tsar ruled it was clearly in the public interest to know if attempts to stage another referendum would be legal following a Freedom of Information (FOI) request by The Scotsman.  DON'T MISS:Man slams 'entitled' neighbours who demand to use his pool [REVEAL]Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [OPINION]Desperate search for missing teen who hasn't used phone in days [PICTURES] Critics warned the legal advice raised questions about whether a future vote could still actually go ahead. Scottish Tory Constitution spokesperson Donald Cameron MSP, said: “It’s welcome that the SNP have finally been dragged into releasing this information that they tried to hide from the public. “However, it still leaves unanswered questions about how they plan to continue their push for a second divisive referendum. “The murky secretive approach must end. The public deserve answers about what the SNP are planning.” 