Manchester United are continuing to press ahead with plans to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. The Netherlands international is Erik ten Hag’s priority target for this summer, along with Christian Eriksen. And the Red Devils are still hopeful they can land the midfielder, who managed six goals involvements in La Liga last term. Manchester United have been trying to sign De Jong for a few weeks now. The midfielder is wanted by Ten Hag and John Murtough, who both believe the 25-year-old can be a key player at Old Trafford. At the moment, United are yet to reach an agreement with Barcelona. The two clubs are haggling over a fee, with the Catalan giants looking for around £73million to part ways with their prized asset. But, amid claims De Jong is ’90 per cent’ likely to move to the Red Devils, it’s time to look at a potential announcement. Express Sport will now take a look at how United are likely to confirm the De Jong signing if, and when, this deal eventually gets done. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United, if they are to sign De Jong, will announce his transfer officially on their club website. That’s what all teams do in the 21st century, with the Red Devils often mocking up a black and white graphic to mark the occasion. They did this with Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane last summer upon confirming their moves from Juventus, Borussia Dortmund and Real Madrid respectively. United will likely give a brief summary of De Jong’s career to this point. He won two trophies under Ten Hag at Ajax prior to his exit in 2019 but, at Barcelona, has just the Copa del Rey to show for his efforts so far. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen John Murtough keeps a low profile. But the United supremo does speak out when it comes to deals the club make when they’re eventually done. That was the case with the club’s last big announcement, when they confirmed Bruno Fernandes would be signing a new contract. Murtough is in charge of the De Jong negotiations, with fellow United chief Richard Arnold allowing the 51-year-old to do the work. Arnold recently confirmed this in a candid chat with disgruntled supporters at a local pub, where he also appeared to aim a dig at Ed Woodward over the club’s lack of transfer success in recent years. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team It’s also possible that De Jong himself will speak out. That’s what happened when United signed Sancho 12 months ago, with the England international opening up to club media about his move. Given De Jong recently labelled Barcelona as the ‘biggest club in the world’, it’s also possible he’ll move to get United fans on-side from the very beginning. His preference was, initially, to stay at the Nou Camp. But given the La Liga giants’ need to sell, he’s now coming round to the fact his Barcelona career could be over. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here If United announce De Jong after he’s done a medical, it’s possible they’ll post a link to his jersey as well. The Red Devils like players who can sell shirts and the Barcelona star, providing he ends up moving, could be a popular pick. United would likely post a link to the home shirt worn during the 2021/2022 season given their new shirt hasn’t been shown off yet. Like other teams in the Premier League, they change jerseys every 12 months. The last time United had a shirt for more than one season was between 2007 and 2009, when the club won the Premier League and Champions League titles under Sir Alex Ferguson.