Loose Women panellist Stacey Solomon has taken to Instagram to reveal an unexpected feature of Pickle Cottage. The fiance of Joe Swash, 32, told how she found it while wallpapering a round in her family home, before asking her fans for advice over what to do with the item. In view of her 5.2 million followers, the Tap to Tidy star told how she was continuing with the DIY. Wearing a bright pink tracksuit, the mother of four filmed herself wallpapering a room, while making a strange reveal about something in Pickle Cottage. She wrote to her fans: "Managed to finish wallpapering and then prepped this wall. "There is a heavy safe bolted to the ground in here. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman warns she'll 'mud wrestle' Susanna Reid over co-star "Must have been for the lady who lived here's doubloons," she added with a laughing face.The star went on to reveal that she was unable to move the item as it would damage the floorboards.Stacey explained: "I can't move it! It would ruin the floor!"What shall I make it into? What can I use it for? "Any ideas welcome... I don't have anything here that needs to go in a safe," she asked her followers. "Can't fit the kids in there," she added with a laughing face. It comes after Stacey told how she rebuked fiance Joe's attempts to "try and get her pregnant" with her fifth child. Stacey already has four children. Her and Joe share eight-month-old Rose and three-year-old Rex, and Stacey has Zachary, 14, and Leighton, 10, from previous relationships. DON'T MISS... Gardeners' World's Monty Don deals with 'emergency' at Longmeadow[INSIGHT]Nicole Kidman, 54, stuns in black mini dress at husband's performance [ANALYSIS]Mark Rylance cancels Jerusalem shows after brother's death in accident [UPDATE] Despite Joe’s best efforts, however, Stacey ruled out adding to her brood. The Loose Woman made the comment in a new Instagram Story, sharing a clip of Joe hanging clothes on a washing line and added Etta James’ song, I Just Want to Make Love to You. In the caption, Stacey joked: “Someone spent the evening trying to get me pregnant again. “Shop’s shut I’m afraid, but I thoroughly enjoyed the commitment.” Stacey and Joe will have their minds occupied at the moment as they plan their upcoming wedding which is set to take place on July 25. It was previously reported that Stacey is beginning to “feel the pressure” as the big day draws nearer. An insider said: “Stacey hasn’t stopped. “She’s trying to do everything, but she is the one putting the most stress on herself,” they told OK! last month.