Jerry Hall, 65, said she “forgave and forgave” her ex-husband Mick Jagger during their “unhealthy” marriage. But since she split from the Rolling Stones star, she has found love with media mogul Rupert Murdoch, 91. Jerry and Mick, 78, married in Bali in 1990, 13 years after meeting. But their union was later annulled in 1999, after it was found to not have been legal in Indonesian or English law. The couple share four children together: Elizabeth Scarlett (born 1984), James Leroy (born 1985), Georgia May (born 1992), and Gabriel Luke (born 1997). Jerry has since accused Mick of infidelity, though she has also admitted playing away as a bid for revenge. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "I forgave and forgave and forgave to the point that it wasn't healthy at all,” she said. In another interview, she was asked if she ever thought Mick would cheat on her. "Well I thought that as I had helped him clean up with drug addiction, that that was part of it and that he might outgrow it,” she replied. "When he had a child with someone else, that was just the last straw. "I did love Mick very much. But after years and years of being hopeful, you finally give up. “Obviously I tried very, very hard. Sometimes it is better that things come to an end. I still love him very much - he's the father of my children." She added that when she first met Mick, she found him “overwhelmingly funny and charming”. Since then, Jerry has fallen in love with Rupert. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly, 62, causes stir as she unveils secret procedure [ADMISSION]Amanda Holden, 51, flashes endless legs in thigh-high split dress [PHOTOS]Piers Morgan in tears as gun massacre speech reminds him of daughter [INSIGHT] The couple tied the knot in 2016, with a source telling The Sunday Mirror: "Rupert is smitten. He's very happy because she makes him laugh and they get along so well. “They're having a great time together." Meanwhile, Jerry has previously opened up on her love life, revealing: "My mother said it was simple to keep a man: you must be a maid in the living room; a cook in the kitchen; and a w***e in the bedroom. “I said I'd hire the other two and take care of the bedroom bit." She also explained why she would never want to date a man younger than her. “I’d find it creepy having sex with people the same age as your children,” she said. “Younger men look handsome from a distance, but I wouldn’t want to go out with one. "I wouldn’t want to be with someone who had loads of energy, listened to weird music and wanted to go out late. “I like going to good restaurants. I like going to art galleries and exhibitions. It’s nice to go on dates with someone intelligent – to discuss plays and books.”