Breakfast has always been considered the "most important meal of the day", and there are many reasons health experts believe this is the case. But people might not know that they should eat the first meal of their day after certain time in order to promote weight loss. Nutrition expert Tim Spector, professor of genetic epidemiology at King’s College London, has proposed a theory that might help people looking to get healthier and shed a few pounds. He identified that eating a later breakfast could benefit weight loss because people are eating dinner much later at night than in the past, with the average person stopping eating at 9pm. Professor Spector suggests to achieve a 14-hour successful fasting, eating breakfast after 11am is best for the metabolism, explaining that it "will give you some benefits". READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake “I think we have to rethink all the things we have been told are unhealthy, because there’s just so much new science coming out," he said during a talk at Cheltenham Science Festival. Intermittent fasting has become increasingly popular over recent years, with many swearing by the dieting process for their weight loss. Slimmers following this rule will eat to various meal timing schedules every day, and will stop eating after a certain time. He continued: "There are still people, particularly in the north of England who eat earlier, but generally we have moved towards continental eating habits, having dinner much later like people in Spain and Italy. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Even those who don’t do that may end up snacking up until 9pm. "[This makes] it difficult to achieve a 14-hour fasting period. "There is a simple change people can make by shifting their breakfast from 8am to 11am, which actually is more effective than more fashionable fasting diets like 5:2." But people's busy lifestyles have an impact on their eating habits, and that's something Professor Spector said should be taken into account. Instead, if a person is eating later, then they should be pushing back their breakfast to adhere to the 14-hour fasting window. He said: "Fasting for 14 hours a day, using a later breakfast, but overall eating the same amount, is easier to achieve long term. "It works because the microbes in our gut have a circadian rhythm like us and need a rest period. "Studies suggest a later breakfast to achieve 14 hours of fasting could help people to lose four to 11 pounds of weight over several months of doing it." He added: "Their microbes essentially become more efficient at burning food." It's been common practice for many people to eat breakfast before they leave for work; setting themselves up for the day ahead. Research has shown in the past that slimmers should eat within the first hour of waking to get their body primed for a successful day. And even if a person is used to this routine, Professor Spector assured that their body will "quickly adapt" to eating after 11am.