Some 3.4 million people who have reached State Pension age are thought to be eligible for this benefit yet aren’t claiming it. This Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefit is for pensioners who have an illness or disability. More than two million pensioners are estimated to be living in poverty, yet 3.4 million pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance. This DWP benefit is available to pensioners who have an illness or disability that affects their everyday lives. Pensioners don’t need to have a full time carer to qualify for this financial support, however they will have to provide evidence showing they require some help either during the day or night. The disability benefit is not means-tested, so people who are still working can still claim. READ MORE: Universal Credit: 30 freebies to save you thousands in June Medical conditions like arthritis, heart disease and inflammatory bowel disease could mean someone qualifies for Attendance Allowance. Unlike Personal Independence Payments (PIP), people will only need to attend an assessment if it’s unclear how their illness or disability affects them. However, some claimants say the form is overcomplicated and puts them off applying. Now the Daily Record has shared eight tips to help people through the assessment process. DON'T MISS:State pension payments could rise by 10% next year [UPDATE]Premium Bonds: NS&I announces winners for June prize draw [ALERT]Cost of living: Dates for when to expect support payments [INSIGHT] Eight tips for filling in the Attendance Allowance claim form: How much an applicant will receive will depend on the level of help they require. Pensioners should receive £61.85 if they need help during the day or at night. However, if someone needs help during both the day and night they could receive £92.40. Applicants might also qualify for Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax Reduction. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Claimants can ask for help filling out the forms from Citizen’s Advice, Age UK or Macmillan Cancer Support. In total there are 56 conditions which qualify for Attendance Allowance including blindness, deafness and heart disease. A full list on conditions can be found on the Government website. Anyone who thinks they may qualify can apply by logging onto Gov.uk or calling 0800 731 0122.