State pension payments provide financial security to millions, but some are entitled to more support. Those who have reached state pension age and who are on a low income could benefit from Pension Credit.     However, Pension Credit is traditionally under-claimed, and some could be missing out on funds they are entitled to. Guy Opperman, DWP minister, recently highlighted the issue and who may be able to claim. He shared the latest figures in a written response to a query penned by Sir John Hayes, a Conservative MP. Mr Opperman said: “In Great Britain, there are an estimated 770,000 entitled non-recipients of Pension Credit. READ MORE: Pensioners warned many may face costs for NHS treatments “We have already undertaken a range of actions to raise awareness of Pension Credit and increase take-up. “Earlier this year, we directly targeted over 11 million pensioners with information about Pension Credit and the additional support it can provide in the leaflet accompanying their annual up-rating notification. “However, it is more important now than ever before that we ensure all eligible pensioners claim the vital financial help which Pension Credit provides.” Pension Credit tops up income to £182.60 for singletons, and joint income to £278.70 for those in a relationship. DON'T MISSBritons set to have mortgage debt by 65 - 'dream is over' [UPDATE]Pensioner, 80, loses £33,000 to conman’s scam tactics - ‘let down’ [WARNING]How you could become an asset ‘millionaire’ using your ISA [EXCLUSIVE] Some may even get extra amounts if they have other responsibilities and costs. The latest DWP figures suggest Pension Credit can be worth £3,300 per year, showing what a difference it could make. Pension Credit not only provides direct financial support, but it also serves as a “gateway”. Those eligible for Pension Credit can gain access to other discounts which could also help their financial position. For example, over 75s on Pension Credit are entitled to a free TV licence. Others may be able to get discounts on council tax and housing costs. On June 15, this coming week, there will be a Pension Credit Awareness Day. It is aimed at increasing coverage of the benefit, in the hopes more older people will check their eligibility. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This can be done through the Government’s Pension Credit calculator, available through their website. Britons will need to provide details of their earnings, benefits and pensions, as well as savings and investments. The process is designed to be a straightforward one, letting individuals know if they could benefit. This information will also be needed when putting in a claim, as well as bank account details, and National Insurance number. Individuals can apply any time after reaching state pension age, but their application can only be backdated by three months.