When wanting to lose weight, most people look at changing their diet and exercise regime. But is a drastic calorie-controlled diet or exhausting fitness regime the answer to shifting those pounds? Aaron Surtees, a Hypnotherapist and founder of City Hypnosis believes the answer to weight loss lies in harnessing the power of our minds. “Before embarking on a weight loss journey it is key to understand why you’ve been overeating,” Aaron said. “The root cause for many over the last couple of years has been stress and uncertainty as we emerge from the pandemic and try and get back to our normal lives. “In addition, with many worried about the cost of living and uncertainty in the world right now because of the war in Ukraine, I predict these worries will accelerate. “Many people will alter their eating habits in an attempt to feel better, feeding a vicious cycle. “It is true you will feel better temporarily but this feeling won’t last, and you will end up feeling worse as you will feel uncomfortably full, bloated and fatigued - even over time developing symptoms such as IBS. “In the longer term, the excess weight gain will affect our health in several ways,” he added. Aaron spoke about emotional eating and why it makes us feel good. "Emotional eating – eating when we’re not hungry but for comfort – usually occurs out of boredom, stress, upset or a combination of all these factors,” he said. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie 'maintains steady weight' but is 'adventurous eater' “The rush of endorphins caused by comfort eating help guard and deflect away from stresses and make us feel happier temporarily.” So why does Aaron believe hypnosis is better than a diet? “Hypnosis is all about fundamental mindset shifts that change your relationship with food,” the expert revealed. “This will lead to new healthy eating habits becoming naturally ingrained subconsciously for the long term. “Weight loss is all down to the power of the mind. “My techniques will have greater power than fad diets and will stop you from being at the mercy of your weighing scales. “The techniques outlined below will help you to become happier and more confident and eventually you will be able to eat what you want without feeling shame or guilt. "Being slim is a state of mind. It’s the way you think and behave around food that makes a powerful difference.’’ DON'T MISS...Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [VIDEO]How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ [EXPERT]Cleaning tips: Correct way to clean toilet limescale - avoid 2p trick [EXCLUSIVE] 1. "The first step is to visualise the new you at your ideal weight and size several months from now,” Aaron said. “This simple but powerful exercise, which you should do every morning, will train your unconscious mind to help you lose weight permanently. “Sit or lay back in a comfortable place where you are not going to be distracted. It is important to make sure you turn off your devices. “To help visualise, close your eyes and take a deep breath. Feel the weight of your body and imagine a reflection of yourself in a mirror three months from now. “Notice the clothes that you are wearing in your visualisation and how good they fit and feel on your slimmer body. This makes you feel good. See the confident smile of the new you.” 2. “Using an appetite control mechanism in hypnosis that will help to reduce appetite,” Aaron added. “This involves asking clients to imagine an appetite dial. “A great tip to help you visualise this is to let your eyes close. Then take a deep breath and relax in a comfortable chair or lay back on a comfortable bed. Imagine a ruler where 10 is ravaging hunger and 0 is no appetite at all. “Morning, noon and evening before you eat, close your eyes as detailed above and see where your appetite is. If too high and close to 10 try to bring it down and notice if it will come down. Try to bring it down to three to four consistently. This will reduce your appetite to give your body only what it needs physiologically. “Clients naturally consume less food to satisfy their hunger using this dial system as the appetite dials can be dialled down using the above technique so that the client only eats when physiologically hungry and stops as soon as that hunger has been satisfied. This works on a mental and emotional level rather than physical level to manage appetite and not overeat.” 3. “Hypnosis will help you to see food as fuel,” the expert continued. “Clients learn the difference between real physical hunger and comfort eating which amounts to eating for the sake of eating and is driven by our emotions. “Physical hunger gradually builds over several hours whereas emotional hunger is often sudden and linked to feelings of boredom, stress or upset which will prompt a visit to the fridge. “Hypnosis will encourage clients to listen to their bodies so that they can recognise the signs of genuine hunger. “Achieve this by following the eye closure and comfort position technique, allowing that habit to become part of your day, becoming part of your daily routine. If you are unable to practise every morning because of work, simply swap to the evening instead. “Remind yourself that food is also for enjoyment by repeating ‘I’m not losing out by seeing food as fuel’ and ‘I can enjoy food just as much as I did before because I eat just enough to fuel my body, I enjoy never feeling over full or guilty’. Learn these important anchor sentences by heart!” 4. “Mindfulness around food, becoming aware of what you’re eating and why,” Aaron said. “Hypnosis will teach you to focus on your food and nothing else when you’re eating. “Clients are encouraged to slow down the speed at which they eat and to chew each mouthful properly. This alters the experience of eating as you no longer wolf food down but are taking the time to savour it, experience the food that you are eating and crucially you will hear a signal from your brain that will tell you when you are full.” 5. “The sugar addiction aversion,” Aaron commented. “An aversion to excess sugary and floury foods becomes the new norm when hypnotised. “Hypnotic suggestions create a feeling of sickness and nausea when sugary foods are eaten to excess, creating contentment to stick clear of sugary foods and drinks. “To achieve this through hypnosis, use the sit down and eyes closed deep breath technique. Then imagine eating a piece of chocolate or biscuit or some other sweet thing. And this time it tastes 10 times sweeter and 10 times sicklier than it ever did before. “Imagine the sugar sticking to your insides and the sickly sweetness spinning your head (like a particularly unpleasant hungover). You want to get rid of the sickly sweetness and can’t imagine how you used to eat so much sugary foods. You now prefer getting natural sugar from fruits and feel free from the addiction to sugar.”