The Queen had to pull out of for mobility reasons after she experienced "discomfort" during Thursday's celebrations. The Prince of Wales will officially represent his mother at the service at St Paul's Cathedral while Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are also set to attend, according to royal expert Omid Scobie. Royal biographer Tom Bower has since claimed the Queen's change in her diary will ruin their Netflix plans. Speaking to GB News, Mr Bower said: "The one good thing which I do think is a terrible shame that the Queen can't go to St Paul's. "But it does mean that Netflix can't get the pan from Meghan to the Queen, that's cut out now." GB News presenter Dan Wootton added: "Indeed. Can we just be honest about why this couple has come over here? "They've had a stark realisation over the past couple of months, haven't they that these big American countries are only interested in them because of their proximity to the Royal Family." READ MORE: Kate and William ecstatic after 'lovely' first day of Platinum Jubilee Mr Bower continued: "Absolutely. The moment Harry discovered his bid to appear on the balcony had been vetoed by the unbelieveably wise advisers to the Queen, 18 minutes later he said he was coming." In recent months, the 96-year-old monarch has been absent from a series of major engagements including the State Opening of Parliament. While she made a number of in-person visits in the weeks leading up to her Jubilee celebrations, including a surprise visit to open the Elizabeth line and to tour the Chelsea Flower Show using a golf buggy, the Queen has faced ongoing "episodic mobility problems", stretching back to last autumn, and now uses a walking stick. She flew to Balmoral last week, taking the opportunity to rest during a short break ahead of the high-profile national events. In October 2021, she used a walking stick at a Westminster Abbey service - the first time she had done so at a major engagement. A week later, after a busy autumn programme, she was ordered to rest by her doctors and advised to cancel a trip to Northern Ireland. The Queen was secretly admitted to the hospital for "preliminary investigations" and had her first overnight stay in hospital for eight years on October 20 2021. The next day she was back at her desk at Windsor, carrying out light duties. DON'T MISS Queen’s outstanding ‘most currencies’ world record [INSIGHT]Lily of the valley: How to grow Queen Elizabeth II's favourite plant [ANALYSIS]Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem [VIDEO] But concern for her health mounted when she pulled out of more high-profile engagements, including the Cop26 climate change summit and the Festival of Remembrance, with Buckingham Palace saying she had been advised to continue to rest and to not carry out any official visits. She was intent on attending the Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph, but missed this due to a sprained back. For more than three months she carried out only light duties, including virtual and face-to-face audiences in the confines of Windsor Castle. In February 2022, she celebrated her Platinum Jubilee, meeting charity workers at Sandringham House and cutting a Jubilee cake in what was her largest in-person public engagement since October. Many of her duties are now carried out via video calls, and the country's longest-reigning sovereign remarked during a in-person audience in February: "Well, as you can see, I can't move."