The American businessman said the world is currently experiencing an unprecedented combination of challenges, including tightening monetary policy and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. He warned people to brace themselves for stormier clouds ahead. As the cost of living crisis and soaring inflation continue to make life tough for many people, the bad news is that it looks likely to get worse. A respected American billionaire, Jamie Dimon, has warned people that a storm is on its way according to Bloomberg. Mr Dimon said: “That hurricane is right out there down the road coming our way. “We don’t know if it’s a minor one or Superstorm Sandy. You better brace yourself.” READ MORE: HMRC scam warning: Don't get caught out by scammers this Bank Holiday The billionaire’s forecasts are often closely followed by Wall St and experts in the UK. Millions of Britons are already struggling to make ends meet as inflation continues to rise with energy bills and food prices all increasing. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has announced billions of pounds worth of measures to try and help people make ends meet. Some eight million people on means tested benefits will receive £650 to help them pay soaring energy bills, while others will get £400. DON'T MISS'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pension [ALERT]Santander launches account with 2.5% rate - does it beat inflation? [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey suggests how man, 60, can get by in retirement [INSIGHT] How much will I get in Cost of Living payment? People can expect £650 paid in two lump sums if they’re getting any of the following:  The first payment will be made from July 2022, while a second payment can be expected in autumn 2022. People who don’t receive any of these mean tested benefits can expect to receive £400 which won’t have to be paid back. On top of this, Britons who rely on disability benefits will get a further £150 to help pay energy bills. The seven disability benefits are: Attendance Allowance, Constant Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment, Scottish Disability Benefits, Armed Forces Independence Payment and War Pension Mobility Supplement. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People don’t need to apply for these additional payments as they should be made automatically. However, it’s a good idea to check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Benefits like Pension Credit often also act as a gateway benefit to further financial support like a free TV licence (for over 75s) and housing benefit. There’s a handy benefits calculator at Gov.uk.