Dan Evans has backed Andy Murray to prepare for Wimbledon despite his injury scare in Stuttgart. The former world No 1 received treatment for an abdominal issue in the final set of the championship match against Matteo Berrettini and will now undergo a scan to determine the severity of the injury. Murray and Evans both reached finals on Sunday, with the former world No 1 suffering an injury scare as he lost to Berrettini in three sets while the 32-year-old picked up the Nottingham Challenger title. Evans has now weighed in on his compatriot's injury scare as the three-time Major champion awaits a scan to determine whether he will recover in time for this week's cinch Championships and, more importantly, Wimbledon. "Of course it's never easy for people to be injured, especially this time of year. It’s not ideal obviously," Evans said ahead of his Queen's Club campaign, where he will face Murray's conqueror Berrettini in the opening round. "In Andy's case I don't know if he is hurt or not or what the deal is but if anybody knows how to prepare himself for Wimbledon, it’s him." The world No 31 also admitted that he didn't think it would "matter" of Murray was able to pull up in time to play at Queen's this week, and said that as long as the 35-year-old was able to play tennis, he'd be fine for Wimbledon. JUST IN: Djokovic, Nadal and Federer reach end of an era after rankings update  "I don’t think if he played this week or next week, my opinion is it wouldn’t matter, pre-preparations," he continued. "As long as he can prepare, still play tennis in a week or so, I think he’ll be okay so in his sense it’s not ideal but it’s not the end of the world for him." Murray is also set to join Evans at the Queen's Club and could face him in the second round, as he takes on Lorenzo Sonego for the chance to face the winner of Evans' clash with Berrettini. But tournament organisers are still waiting to hear whether his new injury will force him out of the tournament. DON'T MISSRoger Federer lacking support despite Swiss' plans to play 2023 seasonRafael Nadal heavily backed to beat Novak Djokovic in Grand Slam duelMatteo Berrettini's classy message to Andy Murray after beating Brit  Speaking after his 6-4 5-7 6-3 loss to the Italian in Stuttgart, Murray said: "It’s probably normal that I would feel some stuff in my body but I don’t really know the severity of it. I won’t know anything until I get it checked out. It’s tough to say anything about the next [few] weeks." He will undergo a scan in London on Monday afternoon and will be hoping the ab issue is just a strain, giving him enough time to prepare for Wimbledon which begins in two weeks.