As they joined the nation in celebrating the longest-reigning monarch, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle brought their youngest child, Lilibet, 1, to meet her great-grandmother for the first time. READ MORE: Royal fans gush over Queen’s Jubilee as Brits bask in sunshine ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Lilibet is named after the Queen, who was nicknamed as such when she was younger, although the baby was also given a second name in honour of her grandmother, Diana, Princess of Wales. The toddler, who will have her first birthday tomorrow, June 4, met with the Queen and claims have been made that she might be christened tomorrow in her presence. But what does the public have to say about the royal couple finally returning to the UK for the first time after 2020? Express.co.uk asked royal fans who attended the Jubilee events what they think about Harry and Meghan, and how they feel about the two royals attending the celebrations.  Opinions were split although most people admitted they should indeed be here, despite the dramatic turn of events after they left the UK. Lisa, 51, who works at a doctor’s surgery, said: “Harry and Meghan: At the end of the day it’s their mum so they have every right to be here. But added: “That’s just for the day, it’s not my opinion about them.” DON'T MISS: Parents bring their children to Jubilee in 'Once in a lifetime' event Linsey, a pensioner from Kent, who travelled to London for Jubilee, noted they should have a more central role in the celebrations rather than being left out. She said: “It’s quite sad that they are not part of the main party”, and added that the developments after they moved to the US were at the expense of the Queen’s reputation.   Linsey claimed: “It’s very sad for the Queen. Poor Queen! She’s had all that and she’s just amazing, she’s still smiling.” After Prince Harry and Meghan stepped back as senior members of the Royal Family in January 2020 and moved to the US, they criticised the monarchy and accused the family of racism in an interview with Oprah Winfrey. A royal fan claimed that the interview was poorly-timed. Evelyn, 32, who is a researcher said: “I don’t know, I’m really not keen on them at the minute. “I think the whole Oprah think was really poor timing. Be considerate, the Queen is old - no offence.” Shamima, 25, who works for the NHS as a student nurse, claimed Harry and Meghan should “definitely” be attending and Meghan in particular was unfairly given a bad reputation.  