His polarising effect has half of us thinking he's a pariah and a devilish disruptor hell-bent on destruction while the other half praise him in a godlike saintly fashion as a flame of truth set to be extinguished if extradited to the USA courtesy of Priti Patel. On June 17 Ms Patel ordered the extradition of the Wikileaks founder to the US, where he is charged with 18 counts connected to hacking and publishing defence and national security material including Guantanamo Bay detainee assessment briefs, Department of State cables and Iraq rules of engagement files.  The offences carry a sentence of up to 175 years imprisonment. Many believe its highly likely Assange will end up dead in a US prison. As the first Judge Vanessa Bartiser pointed out his mental health is kaput and he is a real suicide risk. He even had angelic visions. Just last week 300 doctors signed a letter to say he is not in a good way mentally and his life is at risk if extradited. As I stated last Saturday on GBNews, the demise of Assange could either arguably come from "suicide" or he could end up being "suicided" Jeffrey Epstein or Jean Luc Brunel style in a US prison before he has a chance to leak to his heart's content in an open court in Virginia, USA. For the Americans who want him for leaking, giving him a day in court to leak to his heart's content seems ridiculous. Certainly his life is in danger if he heads Stateside which ever way you look at. From a human rights point of view that should be enough to put a stop to the extradition. It was good enough for Gary McKinnon not to be sent by Theresa May when she was Home Secretary so it should be good enough for Assange. The Spanish High Court is currently calling former head of the CIA Mike Pompeo to give evidence for a very real attempt to assassinate Assange while in the Ecuadorian Embassy. When I represented him after his phone and Internet had just been cut off in the Ecuadorian Embassy, I was getting called by American lawyers wanting access to co-author books under legal privilege. Assange said "Are you kidding? They want to murder me". Call him paranoid if you like, but as "the world's most dangerous man", who has leaked against America and leaked against Russia, he's not on safe ground on American soil. What it all boils down to is that if Assange goes down that's the end of journalism as we know it. I'm not talking about AI written algorithmic pap, but stories that fearlessly expose what's really going on. The last public speech Assange gave he asked me to get it out there. I got it placed at the inaugural World Ethical Data Forum in Barcelona in September 2018. In the recording Assange hauntingly says "We are the last generation to be free". As the Washington Post slogan states "Democracy dies in the dark". It is not the man Assange the world will sorely miss. It is what he represents and stands for.  DON'T MISS:US drone strike wipes out al-Qaeda terrorist [REPORT]Biden to send two new stealth fighter squadrons to Britain [REVEAL]Russia's shopping centre strike likely 'intended for nearby target' [INSIGHT]   And that surely surpasses whether you love him or absolutely loathe him. The ability and right to cut to the bone and actually uncover what the hell is going on rather than having the digital wool constantly pulled over our eyes is pivotal. That's what they mean when they say 'We are all Assange". The extradition is no guarantee. There's always the European Court of human rights that could kick in Rwanda style. Or the whole extradition could be null and void now the the UK government has admitted to putting Assange's lawyers under surveillance. It has been a legal shambles and, as the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture has stated over and over, Assange has been already been psychologically tortured.  Richard Hillgrove was hired by Assange to represent his personal PR along with former Labour cabinet minister Dr Nigel Griffiths when he had his communications cut off in the Ecuadorian Embassy in 2018. Hillgrove has represented Amber Heard, Harvey Weinstein whistle-blower Rose McGowan, Charles Saatchi and Dame Vivienne Westwood. 