Despite the two fathers living nearly six thousand miles apart, the pair will enjoy the big day which is held on Sunday 19 in both the UK and the US. In Britain, Mother's Day is celebrated on a different day to the American calendar, but both countries share Father's Day, which is always held on the third Sunday of June. The Duke of Sussex is expected to celebrate his fourth Father's Day alongside his wife Meghan and their two children, Archie, 3, and Lilibet, 1. Meanwhile, Prince William and his wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, will spend the day together with their three children, Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4. The Cambridges often share personal photos to honour the special day.  However, last year the family opted to release a video instead which featured a never-seen-before photo of the Duke with his three children taken at Kensington Palace after 2019's Trooping the Colour. The sentimental clip also included a photograph of William and Harry as kids alongside their father, Prince Charles. The year before, Kate shared an adorable photo of her three young children playfully climbing on top of William as he lay grinning. Prince Harry has celebrated three Father's Day so far, since becoming a dad for the first time to Archie in May 2019 but this will only be his second time as a father-of-two. READ MORE: Royal Family tree: Is Queen Elizabeth II related to King Henry VIII? Harry and Meghan welcomed their second child, Lilibet just two weeks before the worldwide event in 2021. After leaving the UK in 2020, the Sussexes now live in Montecito, California which will make it their second Father's Day in the US. The pair may share some family photographs with royal fans on the big day. In 2019 - to honour the Duke's first year as a dad - the Sussexes shared a close-up photograph of newborn Archie holding on to his father's finger. DON'T MISS: 'Have to accept!' Royals may be forced to create new Andrew role [INSIGHT]Prince William sparks fan frenzy with heart-melting nod to Charlotte [COMMENT]Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [ANALYSIS] The pair also posted an adorable photo of newborn Archie's feet in May 2019 to honour US Mother's Day. When Harry and Meghan stepped back from their royal duties in 2020, they also stopped using their official Instagram account @SussexRoyal so if the pair decide to share a tribute to fatherhood on social media this year, it is not clear where it would be posted. The couple are believed to have spent Mother's Day in 2020 with Meghan's mum Doria, and in 2021 the pair took part in charity work to honour the bid day. Harvest Home, which is a Los Angeles organisation, shared an Instagram post to thank the Sussex's foundation, Archewell, for donating "diapers, cleaning supplies, and other essential items" to help pregnant women and their children.