Joel Glazer is being kept abreast of updates amid Manchester United’s pursuit of Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Red Devils are determined to land the Barcelona star, who is Erik ten Hag’s No 1 target. However, no agreement has been struck with the Catalan giants despite their willingness to sell. Manchester United want a new midfielder this summer, with Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba both leaving the club on free transfers. And it’s been an open secret for weeks that the Red Devils want to land De Jong, with Barcelona open to parting ways with the 25-year-old as they look to balance their finances. United are yet to seal a deal for De Jong and, now, The Athletic say both Glazer and Richard Arnold are ‘being kept abreast of updates’. The duo will also have the final say on the Barcelona star. But United are still hopeful they’ll be able to sign De Jong, who has been at the club ever since arriving from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer De Jong has been busy of late, featuring for the Netherlands international during their recent Nations League matches. One of those was against Belgium - and the publication says Roberto Martinez’s staff were so impressed with De Jong they tipped him to be the signing of the summer should a move materialise. If United do miss out on De Jong, however, it’s likely they will move on to other targets. Vitinha is one player being linked with United, having sparkled for Porto in the middle of the park last term. That said, Paris Saint-Germain appear to be frontrunners in the race to land the 22-year-old - amid claims they’ve already agreed personal terms with the midfielder. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Ruben Neves, of Wolves, is another player who is apparently on the Red Devils’ radar. But any transfer deal won’t come cheap, with Bruno Lage previously insisting it would take a fee in the region of £100million for them to part ways with their prized asset. United have longstanding interest in Declan Rice, of West Ham. But the Hammers, like Wolves, will seek a gargantuan fee if they’re to let the England international leave the London Stadium this summer. Kalvin Phillips has also been linked but, due to the fact he’s Leeds through and through, a move to United is unlikely. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Regarding De Jong, United legend Teddy Sheringham has concerns over whether the Barcelona star would be a good signing for Ten Hag to make. “There is a massive recruitment job,” he told Lord Ping. “He needs to get players in with the right character and who understand the challenges of playing in the Premier League. “Where is he going to find these players? I'm seeing the rumours about de Jong. “He hasn't played in the Premier League and has been playing for Barcelona, who are expected to pretty much beat nearly every other team. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Many of Barca’s domestic opponents roll over for them throughout the season. That doesn’t happen in the Premier League - every game is a battle.” And he added: “The pace and quality of the league could be a shock to the system for ten Hag and a player like de Jong. “United could have a season of absolute chaos again next year.” Big things were expected of De Jong when he moved to Barcelona from Ajax in 2019, having dazzled amid the Eredivisie giants’ run to the Champions League semi-finals. But he’s often struggled for consistency over in Catalonia, blowing hot and cold under the likes of Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi.