Liverpool hero Glen Johnson has urged his former side to seriously consider making a move for Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry. The two clubs are already locked into intense negotiations over Sadio Mane, and Johnson feels as though both sides could benefit by throwing the German international into the mix. The Reds have already made a huge statement by signing Darwin Nunez from Benfica in what could turn out to be a club record deal. Without doubt, the Uruguayan has been recruited to shoulder some of the goals burden that Mane's departure would leave, but he is certainly more of a central option than a wide man. Jurgen Klopp may therefore be left wanting for someone who is as comfortable hugging the touchline as they are terrorising centre-backs, particularly with Takumi Minamino also heavily rumoured to be on his way out of Anfield before the start of next season. Johnson, who made 200 appearances for the Reds during a six-year spell, believes that Gnabry would be a superb choice. "I think he’d be a brilliant replacement for Mane," he told bettingodds.com. "I really like him. I believe that’s a deal that Liverpool would look at more seriously because of the price and because of his age. That move would tick their criteria much more. That’s smart business." JUST IN: Arsenal transfer plans rocked as PSG 'table £30m offer' for Mikel Arteta striker target  Approaching the final year of his contract at the Allianz Arena, reports state that Gnabry could be available for a bargain £34m. The 26-year-old spent five years on Arsenal's books as a youngster, before heading to the Bundesliga where he has hit double figures in each of the last four seasons. It remains to be seen if Liverpool or Bayern may be willing to potentially complicate matters by introducing Gnabry into talks on Mane. The negotiations have been intense so far, with the Reds reportedly 'insulted' with the most recent offer they received, which included an initial £25m fee and a number of unlikely bonuses clauses. DON'T MISSArsenal 'on course' to complete transfer after Tottenham strike Yves Bissouma agreementArsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject after cut-throat Xavi callMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League striker But the Bavarian giants are expected to come back for more, and they are supposedly piecing together a third official bid. Liverpool are thought to be holding out for closer to £42.5m, and while Bayern may come slightly closer to that amount, Klopp and co cannot bank on them completely as sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic recently admitted that they are exploring other options in attack. With Nunez unveiled in red and more targets being surveyed in midfield and at full-back, recruiting another big-name attacker may have slipped down Klopp's list of priorities. As such, an audacious move for Tottenham's Heung-min Son would seem to be out of the question, but Johnson believes that he could have done some serious damage if the Reds treated him as a transfer priority.  "I’m a massive fan of Son," he added. "I think if there was ever the opportunity of him moving to Anfield then that would be a magnificent signing. I think he would score even more goals than he has at Tottenham. "Let’s face it, he’d be in a better team, playing in more games and having more chances created for him. I think he’d be an unbelievable signing. I think he has every attribute to suit the Liverpool team and I can see him scoring bundles of goals if they sign him."