The German screamed in pain and rolled on Court Philippe-Chatrier in agony after suffering the injury at the end of the second set. The world No 3 left the arena in a wheelchair before returning on crutches to huge applause to concede the match which had been 7-6 6-6 after three hours and three minutes of play. "Hopefully it's just the normal thing when you turn your ankle, and hopefully is nothing breaked. That's what everybody hopes, and I was with Sascha, looks that they need to keep checking. “It was a very, very tough match. I think he started the match playing amazing. I know how much means to him, fight to win his first Grand Slam. "We are colleagues, we have been practicing together a lot of times. And see a colleague on the tour like this, even if for me it's a dream be in the final of Roland Garros, of course that way is not the way that we want it to be. If you are human, you should feel very sorry for a colleague.” JUST IN: Rafael Nadal makes French Open final after Alexander Zverev horror injury  The semi-final was played under the Court Philippe-Chatrier roof because of persistent rain in the Spanish capital and the claycourt was heavy and slow. Eurosport commentator Chris Evert suggested that it “could have been a clump of clay” which caused the injury. But Nadal said: "The court is not in bad shape. It was unlucky moment. I don't think is because of the court that he turns his ankle, no? It was an accident, and I don't think the court was in bad conditions to say that is because of the court. It was very unlucky moment, and sometimes happens in every surface.” Nadal’s camp have denied reports in Spain that the 21-time Grand Slam winner will miss Wimbledon because of his chronic foot injury which flared up again at the Rome Masters last month. “I explained everything going through my mind after Rome, and nothing has changed,” he said. DON'T MISS  “At the same time, I was not very positive after that about my foot, but I was positive that I will be able to play here. “And here I am. I played, I fought, I did all the things possible to give myself at least a chance to be where I am and happy of course to be able to give myself another chance to play on second Sunday here in the final of Roland Garros. “So that means a lot to me. And even if all the sacrifices and all the things that I need to go through to try to keep playing, really makes sense when you enjoy moments like I'm enjoying in this tournament. Physically I'm okay. “Of course today the conditions have been very hot, super humid. You know, I know from experience that when these conditions happens."