Fiona, who is starring in a new drama called Summer in the Shade, talked exclusively to Express.co.uk about her upcoming film and reflected on her former roles. Having featured in both Casualty and Holby City, the actress gave her view on the cancellation of the latter. The popular BBC series aired its final episode in March after news it would be removed from TV. "It is sad," Fiona said when asked about Holby City after playing several characters in the series over the years. "But also then, you know, good things come to an end and then something else starts up. "So you know, I kind of feel... obviously it's a shame to get rid of stuff just for the sake of getting rid of it. "But you know, if there's a new idea that has new challenges and a different way of looking at things then maybe that's not so bad." READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint The Hound of the Baskervilles star continued: "You always have got to move forward and you know, kind of try different ideas and not sure back on the same old format. "So I think it was great and it was enjoyable. Certainly in my experience, I played both doctors - a good doctor and a terribly incompetent doc in Holby. "So I think it's time sometimes for these things. They move on but it is a loss. "But still, I'm a very positive person and hope there's something good that'll spring in its place." Talking about her role on both the BBC medical dramas as well as Doctors, Fiona said she couldn't pick a favourite character she has played. "I suppose I really enjoyed playing a doctor on Holby who was incompetent, that was quite good fun, really. "But then also, I played a psychiatrist recently for Doctors, and I enjoyed that. "So I couldn't [choose] it's a bit of a cop-out, but I couldn't really say there was one in particular that I went, 'Oh my God, I love that character so much,' because I like them all. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Lee Juggurnauth shut down as couple clash [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford gives update on Eamonn Holmes after hospital dash [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Stacey has bipolar relapse after stress of Jean [THEORY] "I always try and give them little quirks and things. You know, I'm always looking for the oddness in the character." Holby City ran for 23 years before it was announced the hospital drama would be cancelled. Despite attempts by some to save the show, the final episodes aired earlier this year. Fiona stars in coming-of-age film, Summer in the Shade. The story explores how two girls on the verge of becoming teenagers change following a tragedy. After moving to the Cornish countryside, 12-year-old Grace (played by Niamh Walter) is forced to confront her demons. Speaking about her role as Jenny, Fiona said the story is "a universal one". "I think it's really interesting because it connects with all of us, we've all been through that," she added. "It's a really interesting project," she stated while looking back on her time on the set. Summer In The Shade will be available on Digital Download from 20th June and can be pre-ordered on iTunes and Chili.