Maureen Lipman, who was awarded a damehood in 2020, has addressed a moment she shared with Queen Elizabeth II. Her Majesty had been invited to watch the Coronation Street actress rehearse for the stage play Chicago. The 76-year-old later got to attend a private dinner with the royal where the pair had a brief discussion. Maureen was later left in disbelief as she praised the Queen's intelligence and memory. The Evelyn Plummer detailed the moment Her Royal Highness "caught my eye" and a brief conversation ensued. Writing in her latest column, she began: "The Queen had indeed been invited to watch us rehearse. READ MORE: Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster kick off Jubilee celebrations "Afterwards, there was a small lunch in a private room at The Ivy restaurant, to which I was invited. "I didn’t get to speak to Her Majesty but as I was leaving, she caught my eye and said, ‘I believe you are coming to the Palace quite soon?’ (I had been awarded a CBE.) "‘Yes Ma’am,’ I replied, ‘if I can find something to wear.’" The on-screen star said five months later the Queen had left her in disbelief as the royal recalled every detail of their chat.  She added to the MailOnline: "The punch line – and it says much about the Monarch’s intelligence, memory and whimsy – is that as I took my little bob five months later at Buckingham Palace in grey linen Tomasz Starzewski, she said as she popped a medal on my coat, ‘Well, I see you found something to wear.’" Maureen, who is a self-confessed "royalist", also addressed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. She began: "I make no bones about it. I am a Royalist. I love and respect Queen Elizabeth more than any other world figure. "To those who want a republic, wish we were headed by one of the cast of Love Island and fail to see the irony of having a head of state who changes every four years from bluff man in flat cap to toff in trews and sends Katie Price or James Corden to launch a ship, I say on your own crown be it." DON'T MISS... Jane Seymour, 71, showcases curves in figure-hugging red swimsuit[LATEST]Tamzin Outhwaite, 51, showcases incredible figure in black bikini[PICTURES]Amber Heard reportedly plans to appeal verdict after losing Depp trial[UPDATES] The TV star later branded Republicans as "Corbynistas and Champagne socialists". Meanwhile, Maureen has reportedly been replaced on Celebrity Gogglebox. The acting icon appeared on the show alongside friend and This Morning regular Gyles Brandreth during series two in 2020. She replaced actress Dame Sheila Hancock who had appeared with Gyles during the first series of the spin-off of the Channel 4 favorite, which sees celebrity pals give their views on the latest TV show and breaking news. The show is set to return next month following the end of the normal series last week. Speaking about the Channel 4 programme, she said: "I went in imagining that they wanted me for my wit and my brain. "Of course, they just want to show you willies and for you to be shocked. Honestly, we were really funny together, but none of that was used." It has since been reported Gyles will be joined by actress Dame Joanna Lumley.