Lisa – an “extremely affectionate” cross between a German shepherd, a husky and “maybe something else” – is “desperate to please”, but “clever with her doggy manners”, her foster parents say. Despite her playful character, she “wants to be a lap dog” and is always ready for cuddles. However, she still bears the scars of her accident, with one leg having “healed well” but is “not so straight”. As such, Blind Dog Rescue UK (BDRUK) – who have looked after Lisa as she’s grown and recovered – are looking for someone quiet but active to keep her in good health. Lisa is not blind at all, but was taken in by the charity after being found as a puppy with both her legs broken a few years ago. The vet saw to her full recovery, so that even her slightly crooked leg she is able to use fully. READ MORE: Blind puppy who gives the ‘best hugs’ needs ‘very special family’ Even though Lisa is only a relative youngster, she already weighs 26kg and will need a rural home with lots of open spaces. For those who don’t have a large garden, BDRUK say someone who enjoys long walks, running or hiking would be ideal to take on a new furry explorer friend. Lisa is currently being fostered in Devon. Her current mum described her as “an extremely affectionate, loyal dog; she’s always happy and desperate to please”. Lisa “loves people, but is respectful and quiet after the initial meeting. “She learns very quickly, has amazing recall, and once she’s had a good run [she] just wants to sit with you and cuddle up. “She plays all the time with her friends, takes her turn and is clever with her doggy manners.” Lisa’s “wonky” leg does not give her any issues when playing and her mum said she “is improving all the time” on walks. Her foster home is full of animals, including other dogs, horses, sheep and chicken – but Lisa “isn’t phased” and even “welcomes all the new foster girls and boys, big and small”. DON'T MISSQueen’s outstanding ‘most currencies’ world record [INSIGHT]Lily of the valley: How to grow Queen Elizabeth II's favourite plant [ANALYSIS]Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem [VIDEO] Lisa’s mum added that she “loves her food and will eat anything; the only thing she loves more than food is us!” That said, any dog with character has their pet peeves, and Lisa is no different. As many caninophiles will probably sympathise with, Lisa is “not a cat lover”, according to BDRUK. They say she can live with dominant males, but not dominant medium-to-large female dogs. That said, Lisa is able to make other dogs stop attacking one another “in a nice way” when they fall out, and other dogs “love her a lot”. She also “loves kids”. BDRUK say she is not aggressive, despite her early trauma, and “is always around people”. Lisa “would like to be in an active family”, the charity say, but could be taken on by a single person or a couple. After nearly a year being fostered, they are looking for the right person to make Lisa a lasting and loving home. For more information about Lisa, visit BDRUK’s website here