Kirk Petrakis, 44, believes his tiny Shetland pony Patrick will "be better than the Mayor of London". The four-year-old pony stands just seven hands high and loves nothing more than a pint of Guinness at The Drum Inn in Cockington, Devon.  Kirk and his family take adorable Patrick everywhere they go, including on the bus and to the local shops. Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for Patrick to be made mayor of the picture-postcard village. Dad-of-three Kirk said: "It will be nice for the mayor to be an animal. It's been done in a few states in the USA before, but never in the UK so it would be a first here for an animal to be mayor. "I knew it would get this overwhelming reaction. People are saying all sorts of good things. People are saying Patrick will do better than the Mayor of London. "Patrick will go and see anybody but you've got real politicians who are sitting on the fence, or lying to your face at the moment. The community needs something nice and something you can relate to. "People love him here. Growing up, I found my comfort in life was talking to animals in the area, like my pets. I couldn't trust humans, and humans nowadays can't trust each other, let alone politicians. People can have great connections with animals. "Sometimes, people get a bit bogged down and fed up with politicians so it would be nice to have an animal as mayor who would be non-judgemental and would actually help the community."  Patrick has helped raise money for Ukraine and funds for two defibrillators in Cockington recently. He has also worked to help residents struggling with their mental health during the coronavirus pandemic. Kirk added: "Patrick has helped the community in many ways. "People who haven't been able to leave the house, because of severe anxiety, have met Patrick and found the courage to walk around Cockington with Patrick. "He recently met a woman who had mental health issues and she wouldn't leave her home at all. She walked around the village with Patrick and it really helped her. "Now, her family says she's running, and she's living her life again and that's because of Patrick. It blows me away, it really does."  Councillor Andrew Barrand, of the Cockington and Chelston ward, has noticed the positive impact Patrick has had on the community. He said: "It would be great to give Patrick the recognition for his work. I don't see why he can't become mayor. It would indicate how we as people value and love animals in this country. "Patrick has been amazing. Everyone loves Patrick as he is so easy to get on with, particularly for children and old age pensioners here. "Everyone is talking about mental health at the moment and he is helping with that here. He is a great little chap."