National Grid Electricity System Operator (ESO) is looking to support future network balancing by giving consumers a direct role for the first time. The project is still in the very early stages of development but it could enable households with smart meters to choose to cut how much energy they use when supplies are low. After trialing it earlier this year with Octopus Energy customers, National Grid's plan could reduce the risk of blackouts by paying consumers to use less electricity at peak times. Homes could potentially be paid as much as £6 for each kilowatt per hour they avoid using at peak times, The Times reported. Currently, homes typically pay 28.34p for each kilowatt-hour of electricity they use. Consumers who want to take part will have to own a smart meter to record their usage. Thee scheme allows customers to save energy in order to make big savings. READ MORE: Nationwide offers 5% interest rate plus £125 to switch in competitive savings offer Prices have soared due to rising wholesale costs which have been further worsened by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.Ministers are concerned that – in a worst-case scenario – Britain could experience rolling blackouts this winter. The scheme acts as part of a ‘business as usual’ operation to look at how to deliver net-zero and to find new innovative ways to increase the network's flexibility to reduce costs for consumers. National Grid’s plans could offer a cheaper and greener alternative to fossil fuels and cut bills for consumers. Once delivered, this project would create a service to combine small changes in electricity use by consumers to serve as a balancing service for the ESO, it said. However, there is no timeline for delivery of the project at this stage. An ESO spokesperson said: “Demand shifting has the potential to save consumers money, reduce carbon emissions and offer greater flexibility on the system and some forms of demand management are already used today to help balance the system. “We recently ran a few small successful trials with Octopus to see what can be achieved from an aggregated consumer demand response and there’s now more work to do with industry to consider how we can roll out the service. “Innovation that drives consumers value and reduces carbon emissions will always be deployed as swiftly as possible, in a tested, safe and reliable way.” This scheme was previously trialled with 100,000 Octopus Energy customers who were told to reduce their consumption during a two-hour period, including the peak times between 4.30pm and 6.30pm, when demand is highest. The energy supplier said the average household saved 23p per two-hour period, although some saved as much as £4.35. The scheme would be paid for by a levy on household bills. However, the cost to pay power plants to maintain or increase supplies is thought to be greater. Greg Jackson, the chief executive of Octopus Energy, said: “National Grid has traditionally paid diesel generators huge sums at times of high demand – or paid big companies to turn down their usage. “Opening this up to households who want to do so means that it won’t just be big companies who benefit. And the more of this flexibility we have on the grid, the cheaper power will be for everyone – not just those who participate.”