Crosby is also a founding member of Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. In an ask me anything interview with Rolling Stone in 2019, he shared what he had learned from 40 years of being diabetic. Put bluntly, he thinks that “complex diets” are “nonsense”.  Type 2 diabetes is when the blood sugar level is too high – causing symptoms such as excessive thirst and needing to pee. In severe cases, it can lead to death and every week there are thousands of cases of stroke, heart attack, and heart failure caused by diabetes. When asked how he managed his own diagnosis, David Crosby advocated for a simple approach. He emphasised the importance of dropping calories, which has been shown to help reduce diabetes symptoms. He said: “I am diabetic. I have been for about 40 years. I will explain the whole thing to you. “Now, people do these complex diets where you can only eat the third grape and other nonsense. READ MORE: Diabetes: The anti-diabetic supplement shown to slash blood sugar levels by 36% in minutes   “But you eat it, you burn it. What you don’t burn, you wear. It’s that simple.” Type 2 diabetes, which is usually caused by lifestyle factors, such as poor diet, occurs when there are problems with the hormone insulin, which is produced in the pancreas. According to studies, overeating can cause something called “insulin resistance”. Doctor Buettner explained what happens in the brain to Science Daily: "When you overeat, your brain becomes unresponsive to these important clues such as insulin, which puts you on the road to diabetes." Crosby added: “Now when you start out [in life], you’re burning like crazy since you’re young and you’re just starting out and you’re also building a new body. It takes lots of juice.  DON'T MISSCancer: Popular hair tool contains 'cancer-causing chemicals' [ADVICE]Dementia: The sleep disorder associated with cognitive impairment [INSIGHT]Hair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits causing permanent hair loss [TIPS]   “So then you get old and you’re not burning anywhere near as much, but you’re still eating the same amount, which means you get fat. “Simple. So you have to cut down on what you eat.” The charity Diabetes UK has explained how treating diabetes can be different for everybody. It states on its website: “There is no such thing as a special diet exclusively for people with type 2 diabetes. “No two people with diabetes are the same. So there isn’t a one-size-fits-all way of eating for everyone with diabetes.”  However, the NHS generally concurs with David Crosby’s advice of dropping the calories. The health body explains there is “evidence that eating a low-calorie diet (800 to 1,200 calories a day) on a short-term basis (around 12 weeks) can help with symptoms of type 2 diabetes". Crosby criticised American “packaged” food for being overly sugary and recommended his fellow Americans avoid it. "It’s just because they are eating crap food largely because all of the packaged foods, all of them, every cereal they make, is full of high fructose corn syrup. Bad. The worst kind of sugar. And they put it in all the packaged foods, all of the bread. It’s bad for you. It’s crap. But they also are just feeding you too much food. The portions are too big.  "The Western Europeans have got it right. You shouldn’t be eating more than what you can fit in your hand." If you have diabetes, an ideal HbA1c level is 48mmol/mol (6.5%) or below, according to the NHS. 