Bohemian Rhapsody defied the critics and was a box office smash, winning more Oscars than any other movie in 2019. One of the gongs went to Freddie Mercury star Rami Malek, who remembers first witnessing the Queen singer’s sister seeing him dressed up as her brother. Around Bohemian Rhapsody’s release, Malek told Jimmy Kimmel: “She got to see me as young Freddie with long hair and the teeth, make-up, the whole 1970s, early glam-rock look.” Yet he received a surprising reaction when Kashmira Bulsara, who grew up with Freddie during their childhood in Zanzibar. The Oscar winner added: “As you can imagine it was an incredibly bizarre, alien moment for her. Later on, it was a very emotional moment.” Malek continued: “On a serious note, she wrote me the most moving email, it was very powerful. To get that vote of appreciation from the people who were closest to him was everything for me.” The actor also shared he was able to spend time with Kashmira, who was really influential on his performance. He told The Wrap: “I thought, ‘I have one responsibility: to do this human being justice and to make him proud and to make Queen proud.’" READ MORE: Bohemian Rhapsody: Freddie Mercury star calmed 'terrified' Elvis actor Malek said: "I got to spend a lot of time with Kash — I call her Kash, which is a phenomenal thing I never thought I’d be doing in my life — and just being able to talk to her and hold her hand and give her a hug and have tea with her is such a gift. And to have had this experience and to feel some kinship with Freddie Mercury and to hear stories about him through his sister, it means everything to me.” The Freddie star has also spoken of sitting “terrified” with Brian May and Roger Taylor as they viewed his audition tape. DON'T MISSBohemian Rhapsody: Sacha Baron Cohen 'would be disastrous' – Brian May [BRIAN MAY]Brian May's Adam Lambert doubters clip ‘So worthy of Freddie Mercury’ [ADAM LAMBERT]Freddie Mercury’s sister shuts down myth on Queen singer's death [FREDDIE SISTER] Speaking at Mark Kermode Live in 3-D at the time of Bohemian Rhapsody’s release, Malek said: “I think one major moment was showing my audition to Brian May and Roger Taylor, after I thought they had seen it but they hadn’t downloaded it, at Roger Taylor’s apartment. I watched it with them and that was a most terrifying moment. There was even a moment where I remember being thrown a question at that impromptu press conference at Abbey Road and I couldn’t remember the answer but the question was, ‘Who’s the person that you trust the most?’” Malek added: “And in that moment of just being a bit terrified standing between them, I couldn’t remember had I answered Brian or Roger. Fortunately, as Freddie, I said, ‘Mary, Mary’s the person that I trust the most.’ And that’s the love of his life. I remember both of them just looking at me and going, ‘Okay, alright, that’s alright.’” Bohemian Rhapsody is streaming on Netflix, Disney+ and All 4.