Eight million people are now expecting the £650 one-off payment as part of Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s bumper relief package for the cost of living crisis. However, couples may find themselves not getting the £650 each due to their living arrangements. Mr Sunak announced the relief on Thursday May 26 as part of a £15billion package to better assist the nation, following his previous cost of living assistance announced in February. Originally, the relief consisted of a £150 council tax rebate for those in bands A to D as well as a £200 energy loan. The loan faced much criticism as it was expected to be paid back over the next five years. Mr Sunak has since readjusted this assistance, doubling it to £400 and taking away the need to repay it. READ MORE: Pensioner, 67, ‘fast forwards’ inheritance plans for children - ‘gives them a head start!’ Additionally, he announced further support for certain struggling groups of people, including pensioners and low income households. A one-off payment of £650 will be paid directly to people who get particular means-tested benefits, in two lump sums. It is expected that some will get an initial payment of £325 in July and an additional lump sum of £325 in autumn this year. People receiving Child Tax Credit and Working Tax Credit are expected to receive their payments from autumn and winter this year. While some assumed this would be per person, it has been confirmed that couples making a joint claim will receive only £650 between the two of them. Recent Government guidance has noted: “If you have a joint claim with a partner, you will get one payment of £650 for both of you, paid in two lump sums from July 2022 and in autumn 2022, if eligible.” The guidance also said eligible Britons will be paid automatically and will not need to claim this support. The payments are not taxable and reportedly will not affect the benefits or tax credits one is already receiving. Britons must be receiving one of the following benefits to be eligible for the payment in the first place: Those getting New Style Employment and Support Allowance or New Style Jobseeker’s Allowance will not be eligible unless they also receive Universal Credit or a disability benefit. People receiving a qualifying disability benefit could get an additional £150. Britons must have been entitled to one of these benefits or tax credits by May 25, 2022 to receive the first payment. It has not yet been revealed when Britons need to have been entitled to their benefit or tax credit in order to receive the second payment.