The Duke of Cambridge looked to be in good spirits as he met with the team during their training session at St George's Park, in Burton-upon-Trent. During his visit, the father-of-three was given a tour of the facilities by Head of women's football Baroness Sue Campbell William was even presented with a set of football shirts for each of his children, Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4. The shirts also had each of the young royal's ages written on them. But Prince George is not the only budding footballer in the family, as the Cambridges' only daughter, Charlotte, is also a star on the pitch.  After being presented with the touching gifts, the 39-year-old Duke told the players: "Charlotte wants me to tell you she's really good in goal...a budding star for the future". He added: "She said, 'please can you tell them that', and I said 'okay I'll tell them.'" Later in the day, while posing for a picture with the team and holding up the three youngster's shirts, William joked: "It will look like they've signed for the England team." While speaking with the team captain Leah Williamson, the Duke told her that George plays for a local football team and "gets very competitive". READ MORE: Do the honourable thing Andrew, move far away, says VIRGINIA BLACKBURN The young royal is believed to be a keen football fan who has been spotted alongside his parents at England and Aston Villa games, while Charlotte has attended Norwich games in the past. Prince William, who is also a big football fan, has previously said he hopes his eldest son will one day be Aston Villa's "top goal scorer". While at the training ground, the royal got stuck in and showed off his football skills after having a tour of the training ground. After asking players if he could "have a go", William got ready to kick the ball and said: "This could go anywhere". DON'T MISS: Princess Beatrice's greeting to Charles showed 'little warmth' [INSIGHT]Royal Ascot has celebs beaming smiles and flaunting styles [COMMENT]Kate and William's invite to Lilibet birthday branded 'really unfair' [ANALYSIS] The Duke's first attempt was quickly caught by the goalkeeper, but on his second go, it went straight in the back of the net. The father-of-three then cheered and threw his hands in the air in victory. Dutch manager Sarina Wiegman said: "He [Prince William] was really interested, he knew a lot about us. "He’s visited the team before and it was just very nice to have him and share some things we’re doing, why we’re doing it, preparing for the Euros and also talks a bit about the World Cup." 