There are several natural cleaning alternatives that can be used around the home including in the kitchen. According to experts at Magnet, using alternatives to harsh chemicals can “save time” as well as money. Kitchens are often high traffic areas, meaning they may need to be cleaned more often than other areas around the home. They are also an area where grease and grime is likely to build-up, including in ovens and on the hob. According to the experts, using lemon juice is a great natural cleaner to tackle grease. They said: “Lemon juice is a great natural solution for fighting grease, plus it leaves your kitchen smelling beautifully fragrant and fresh. “Heating a cup of lemon juice in the microwave for three minutes, or until the liquid has evaporated, will cut through stubborn burnt-on stains so they can be easily wiped away with a sponge, leaving your microwave spotless.” READ MORE: 'Cheap & gets stain every time': Mrs Hinch fans share 'amazing' tip Lemon juice is known for its antibacterial and antifungal properties which makes it a great natural cleaner. It can also be used to clean chopping boards, descaling kettles and cleaning the sink. Lemon juice is often paired with baking soda to create a homemade paste. What’s more, a loose lemon can be picked up for as little as 19p. DON'T MISS:Use cinnamon method to ‘kill’ houseplant pests including gnats [COMMENT]How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials [EXPERT]How often to wash bedding in summer to kill dust mites [EXPLAINER] The experts added: “Since wood is a porous material, it can be particularly tough to remove stains and discolouration from a wooden chopping board. “Thankfully, there is a simple answer to this age-old problem, salt. “Sprinkle coarse sea salt over your chopping board and then use half a lemon to scrub the rough granules over the surface.” According to the Magnet experts, the salt helps to loosen trapped dirt. They added: “For plastic chopping boards, mix baking soda, vinegar and lemon together instead.” Hayley Simmons, Director of Commercial Range at Magnet, said: “Deep cleaning your kitchen can be a chore for many, but there is nothing more satisfying than a spotless kitchen. “Those sparkling appliances, perfectly organised cupboards and immaculate worktops just make you feel good. “Before you get started, to make your cleaning experience hassle-free and efficient we recommend the following steps. “Make sure you give yourself enough time and make a list. “Prep is also key. Move everything out of the room before you do anything else to give yourself a blank canvas to work with. “Get all your cleaning products and equipment out so you have everything in front of you and are ready to begin. “Also be cautious of the products you use.” Some materials can damage easily, so it is impotent to check the material before starting to use products. The experts recommended avoiding bleach and acidic items.