In 2018, Meghan Markle joined the British Royal Family when she married Prince Harry. The 40-year-old has been capturing the attention of people across the globe ever since. But what is it about the Royal that is so fascinating? Express.co.uk spoke to psychologist Sheena Tanna-Shah to find out.  Ms Tanna-Shah believes what captivates people about Meghan is the fact that "in a very short space of time she has created huge changes". The psychologist said what first captured the attention of the public was that Meghan was willing to "relocate across the world" and leave her career and family behind in order to become a member of the Royal Family. Before her marriage, Meghan was an actress, most well known for starring in the American drama series Suits. However, she stepped away from her acting career in order to become a full-time working royal in 2018.  Ms Tannah-Shah said that what continued to fascinate the public about the Duchess of Sussex was her courage to step away from the Royal Family in order to prioritise her mental health. In a moment that shocked the world, Meghan and Prince Harry decided to step back from senior royal duties in 2020. Later, in 2021, the Duchess revealed in a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey how she felt "trapped" by the Royal Family. Meghan has since only returned to the UK once, for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this month.  Ms Tanna-Shah said that another reason the public is fascinated by Meghan Markle is that "she wasn't born into wealth". The psychologist said that seeing someone who had a largely normal upbringing marry into the Royal Family represents the "dream" and "hope" people have of "being swept away by Prince Charming". Meghan grew up in a middle-class family in California, a world away from the members of the British aristocracy. She is a self-made millionaire, having made her money from acting. READ MORE: Prince Charles voices 'personal sorrow' for slavery  Ms Tanna-Shah said that because of this, the public "rooted for her" and "wanted her to do well". She added that another thing that the public engages with is Meghan's willingness to speak out on issues that matter to her. Traditionally, the Royal Family remains apolitical and follows the Queen's "never complain, never explain" mantra. However, Meghan Markle has been outspoken on a number of issues such as climate change, racism and mental health. Ms Tanna Shah said: "Meghan has spoken openly about her mental health, racism, sexism, online trolling etc. which has made people feel for her and want to support her. "She entered the Royal Family strong and independent and has had a huge impact on the firm." 