Sergio Perez is becoming a "thorn in the side" for his Red Bull team-mate Max Verstappen, according to former British driver Johnny Herbert. Perez won the Monaco Grand Prix last Sunday to close the gap on both Verstappen and Charles Leclerc at the top of the driver standings. The Mexican will be full of confidence heading into the Azerbaijan Grand Prix this weekend having won in Baku last year. Perez is in his second season with Red Bull and Herbert believes he is now starting to close the gap on reigning champion Verstappen. The pundit says the 32-year-old is maturing and showing a great example to younger drivers starting out in the sport. Herbert told Sky Sports News: "Well I think it's getting closer [between Perez and Verstappen] and I say it's getting closer because he's settling into the team brilliantly. "He did a wonderful job as we saw in Monaco. He seems to be maturing brilliantly for Sergio himself, but more importantly for the team as well, with the Constructors' Championship being such an important part of Formula One.  "But I think the way that he's gone about his racing has been something that I think a lot of youngsters should look at when they're trying to get themselves from karting to Formula One. He really conducts himself in a brilliant way and he's getting stronger." Herbert expects Perez to have another good week in Azerbaijan and continue to be a bit of a problem for Verstappen. He continued: "We're going to Azerbaijan where he won the race last year, he's been on the podium three times when we've been racing there, I think only Sebastian Vettel has done the same thing.  "So again it looks as though he's going to a circuit that he is comfortable with and that is only going to enable him to show the speed that he's actually got. So he's starting to become a little bit of a thorn in the side maybe for Max Verstappen and that will be really interesting to see how that dynamic works at the same time. "So we've got some brilliant stuff coming our way because those two Red Bull drivers can really get it together when we get to Azerbaijan and who knows who is going to come out on top."