The flagship world cruise offers passengers 150 nights of adventure. Beginning in Miami, the cruise will travel to South America, the South Pacific, Australia and New Zealand, Asia and Alaska.  Over the five month trip, passengers will visit 25 countries on five continents and cover over 36,000 nautical miles. Despite the cost of living crisis, the cruise sold in record time before the bookings officially opened on June 15. Prices started at £69,389 per guest for a Deluxe Veranda Suite while guests forked out £191,949 for a Master Suite. Master suites offer passengers “indulgent luxury” while two thirds of the rooms onboard have been booked by returning passengers. READ MORE: Rage in Spain as 'drunk' tourists cause chaos Travel expert and CEO of the PC Agency, Paul Charles tweeted: “For those who ask me if people have money to travel, look no further. “Regent Cruises has sold out its 2025 150 night world cruise already.” However, someone commented: “Not a good indicator to be using. We already know the sort of people these trips are marketed at are unaffected by the cost of living crisis. “The true indicators will be your £1k cruises or package holidays.” The company said the ship’s luxurious Distinctive Suites were the first to sell out with wealthy buyers looking for the best. Jason Montague, president and CEO of Regent Seven Seas Cruises said: “We have received unprecedented interest in this sailing and this phenomenal booking record shows once again that people, just like the world itself, are now open to travel and are not going to wait around and let opportunities pass them by. “It is remarkable that luxury passengers continue to sign up, or want to remain on the waitlist, in case some guests cancel their reservation between now and the sailing in two and a half year’s time, people simply want to explore as much as possible.” Guests will visit an incredible range of cities with trips to Japan, Singapore, Australia and Argentina on the itinerary. The trip will take in 48 UNESCO heritage sites including the Sydney Opera House and Rapa Nui National Park on Easter Island. The company is also marketing another whopping 83 night cruise which is due to go on sale in July. While 150 nights away might feel too long for some people, there are now people who choose to live on a cruise ship permanently. Morton Jablin, 96, has lived on the Regent Seven Seas Navigator for 15 years and is referred to as ‘Captain’ by the crew. Some people believe you can save money by living on a cruise as there is no need for extra payments such as groceries or bills. However, people will either have to sell up their belongings or pay for long-term storage as ships are often short on space. Passengers will also have to make a compromise on medical care. Although ships have great medical teams onboard, it won’t be the same standard as on land services.