Modern Cars are packed-full of hidden features and technologies that you may never have spotted if you haven’t read the manual, and let’s face it, not many people read the manual. From shopping hooks to ice scrapers, parking ticket holders to umbrellas, your vehicle could be hiding a multitude of helpful hidden features to make life easier. Especially if you happen to own a Skoda. Shopping hooksWhile it’s in no way an official statistic, probably something like 90 percent of all car owners has no idea they have little hooks in the boot which are perfect to hang shopping bags on. In fact, there are usually a lot of unused features back there from straps to power sockets to automatic seat-folding buttons. Petrol tank indicatorMost new cars will have a little arrow right next to the fuel level indicator - that tells you which side to pull up to the petrol station to avoid any ‘can’t get the hose to reach round the back of the car’ mishaps. READ MORE: Russia mocked over unveiling of sanction-busting Lada Granta The ‘take a rest’ notificationEven Mercedes and Audis made up to a decade ago will realise when you’ve been driving for more than a couple of hours and flash up a ‘rest recommendation’ message on the dash with a logo of a nice refreshing cup of coffee. Skoda’s many, many featuresAs mentioned above, Skodas are absolutely packed full of useful features. Most of the Czech models feature, deep breath, a hidden umbrella in the driver door, a sliding parcel shelf under the passenger seat, a small plastic parking ticket holder on the windscreen, an ice scraper in the fuel filler cap (which doubles as a tyre gauge checker) and velcro luggage dividers in the boot. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to use 'key trick' to save money on fuel [ADVICE] Driver road rages at elderly couple after they steal her parking space [SHOCKING] Best electric cars drivers should choose now to save money on fuel [REVEAL] Removable seatsMost drivers know it’s possible to fold seats down or slide them backwards and forwards to increase space, but not many know that often seats can be removed altogether in order to transform family cars into essentially minivans. Honda and Skoda are renowned for this with their ‘magic seat’ and ‘varioflex’ systems respectively. Make sure your car does actually have this feature though, don’t just head out with a screwdriver and remove them. Foot-activated tailgateIf you’ve ever seen anyone in a car park waving their foot in the air and cursing under their breath, it’s likely they have an SUV fitted with the boot-opening sensor that responds to movement. Land Rovers can often be found with this feature, which is supposed to be very handy for people approaching a car carrying heavy loads. In reality the correct spot is hard to find, meaning most people will just put the box down and use their hands. A sunglasses holderUsually located just in front of the rearview mirror on the headliner, this handy swivelling bit of storage is specifically designed to house your shades in comfort, usually with felt lining to stop them crashing about the place. What will no doubt happen is you’ll complain you can’t find your sunglasses, only remembering you put them in here months after you’ve bought a new pair.