Benfica are ready to close a deal with Liverpool for Darwin Nunez in the 'coming days' providing there is one small tweak to the blockbuster transfer, according to reports in Portugal. The Reds have issued a real statement of intent by tabling big bucks to sign the Uruguayan international, who many thought was out of reach due to Benfica's excessive asking price. Yet Jurgen Klopp and Liverpool's new sporting director Julian Ward are seemingly prepared to do whatever it takes to land their primary attacking target. With Sadio Mane destined to join Bayern Munich despite two rejected offers, Liverpool need a new marquee addition to bolster their forward line. Liverpool's bid is believed to be worth around £69million up front with around £17m in achievable add-ons but it seems Benfica would like to make a minor alteration before accepting the proposal. According to Portuguese paper A Bola, Benfica are still trying to negotiate more money up front or alternatively - better add-ons. READ MORE: Liverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transfer The idea is that the Primeira Liga side want to maximise the money they receive for Nunez because they know sales like him do not come around too often. Whether Liverpool are prepared to change their offer remains to be seen but as of now, the deal looks closer than ever. Manchester United remain interested but there's an appreciation that they are unable to compete with Liverpool on the basis of current status. United can only offer Europa League football while Liverpool have the lure of Champions League nights at Anfield after chasing down all four major trophies last season. READ MORELiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meetingLiverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transferDarwin Nunez 'picks between Liverpool and Man Utd transfer' during private Benfica talks Ultimately, the Reds fell just short in the Premier League and Europe but there is already determination to come back even stronger, particularly if they land Nunez. The 22-year-old goal machine, who struck 34 times in all competitions last season, only seems to want Liverpool in a timely boost for the Reds. It will provide them with confidence that no other club are capable of hijacking the deal in the final stages of transfer negotiations. Liverpool are reportedly set to hand Nunez a five-year contract with personal terms already seemingly agreed. Nunez was on target for Benfica in both Champions League quarter-finals against Liverpool this season. He was the danger man in both legs, most notably at Anfield when he looked to inspire Benfica to a late, spirited comeback. The forward could be set to link up with the likes of Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino, Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota next season on Merseyside and the Portuguese international was quizzed on the prospect of Nunez's arrival on Wednesday. A coy Jota said: "I don’t know, I’m focused on the national team. The market will move, I have no idea what the signings could be. "I had the opportunity to play against him and he’s a good player, but I can’t say anything else at the moment."