Manchester City are closing in on the signing of Brighton wing-back Marc Cucurella as Pep Guardiola continues his summer spending. Reports in Spain suggest the Premier League champions could confirm the arrival of the Spain international as early as next week. El Desmarque report that City are 'one step closer' to finalising a deal worth between £25million and £30m to sign Cucurella. If he completes his move, he would become their third signing of the summer following the arrival of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez. Guardiola has wasted no time in attempting to solve a recurring problem this season, with Oleksandr Zinchenko the only natural player to fill in the role. Nathan Ake and Aymeric Laporte have been trialled there, while Joao Cancelo has also slotted in when Kyle Walker was fit to play on the right. Cucurella has proven to be one of the best-performing left-sided defensive players in the top-flight since his arrival in August 2021. The 23-year-old has won praise for his performances for the Seagulls this season after making 35 starts for the Graham Potter’s side, helping them secure their highest-ever finish in the Premier League. READ MORE: Man City eye Brighton star Cucurella as Guardiola aims next signing Brighton stand to make a healthy profit on the player after just one season in England, having paid Getafe £18m for the former Barcelona star only 10 months ago. There has been an air of inevitability to his departure, however, since the left-back admitted he was flattered by interest from bigger clubs. “It’s good that they talk about me, this means that I’ve done things well and it motivates me to continue working,” he said.“Yes, I have received news and I like to read it, even if it is only out of curiosity. Many times they are just rumours that do not end in anything. We’ll see what happens.” DON'T MISSTottenham and Chelsea 'join Man City' in Cucurella transfer raceArsenal transfer boost as Guardiola may play role in Gabriel futureGuardiola eyes 'untouchable' star as Sterling transfer replacement  Cucurella started out at Barcelona’s La Masia academy before graduating to their ‘B’ team. But the defender decided to leave for Getafe after finding it difficult to break through into the senior squad, making only one appearance for the Blaugrana. He recently made his debut for the Spain national team after appearing in the 4-0 friendly win over Lithuania, having received a call-up from the Under-21 squad from Luis Enrique due to a Covid outbreak in the senior camp. There are expected to be several outgoings this summer as City look to revamp their squad. Gabriel Jesus is understood be considering an exit along with Raheem Sterling, who is out of contract next summer. Meanwhile, centre-back Aymeric Laporte is a target for Juventus, according to reports in Italy.