  Shirley Ballas, 61, has bid a “difficult” farewell to Jason Vale, who also goes by ‘The Juice Master’, after he helped her work through her “health situation”. The Strictly Come Dancing judge gave fans an update on her health on her Instagram story today.       Shirley took to Instagram to share her experience at the Juice Master Retreats in view of her 235,000 followers. “Saying goodbye to this beautiful soul was difficult,” she captioned a picture of herself and Jason smiling as they posed with pretend Strictly judging paddles. “But I feel he’s helped my health situation 100 percent." She then went on to express her “huge gratitude” for Jason and Juice Master Retreats. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux    Juice Master Retreats are Jason’s yoga and fitness retreats, helping guests to relax, recharge and rejuvenate over seven days. Jason is a best-selling author of 16 books on health, addiction and the health practice of juicing. Earlier on, Shirley shared a video to her Instagram story, where she gushed about what a wonderful week she had experienced at the retreat. “So, seven days completed here at the Juicy Oasis with Jason Vale,” she said.      “I have to say goodbye now - beautiful view. “Wish I was staying another week but, hey ho,” she continued. “Feeling great - what an experience!” She also shared a clip of herself and Jason dancing with the rest of the group at the retreat with the caption: “What a week Jason Vale you have those moves.” (sic)      Shirley’s news that her health situation is much improved comes after her announcement earlier this year that she had to go to the doctors about her shoulder following a cancer scare. In February, she took to social media to reveal that she had to take a day off from the Strictly tour to visit a hospital in London. Last year, Shirley opened up about her cancer scare, when she discovered a lump on her shoulder, which she called "worrying" as she was suffering from COVID-19 at the same time. She also revealed there was a "shadow" in a scan she'd had done on her kidney. READ MORE... Holly Willoughby shares makeup free selfie as she dons white bikini [PICTURES] George Michael ended Martin and Shirlie Kemp's US move amid argument [NEWS] ‘Everyone makes mistakes!’ Chris Packham defends Springwatch blunders [NEWS]      Months later, Shirley had another cancer scare when fans spotted a lump on her underarm in an online video. However, Shirley confirmed that after several tests, it was confirmed that it was not cancerous. Shirley will be returning as a judge for Strictly Come Dancing 2022, alongside fellow judges Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse. Former Strictly professional dancer Anton Du Beke will also be joining the judging line-up following his popularity as a replacement judge for Bruno Tonioli last year.   