Yesterday, the British Government announced Ukraine will be gifted multiple-launch rocket systems (MLRS) to help with its defence against the Russian invasion. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said in a statement: "The UK stands with Ukraine in this fight and is taking a leading role in supplying its heroic troops with the vital weapons they need to defend their country from unprovoked invasion. "If the international community continues its support, I believe Ukraine can win. "As Russia’s tactics change, so must our support to Ukraine. "These highly capable multiple-launch rocket systems will enable our Ukrainian friends to better protect themselves against the brutal use of long-range artillery, which Putin’s forces have used indiscriminately to flatten cities." The weapons supply from Western allies has proved invaluable to the Ukrainians, as highlighted by one soldier's comments. Speaking to France 24 in March, a Ukrainian soldier named Viktor showed reporters his NLAW anti-tank missile system as well as the helmet of a Russian soldier. He said: "This one was shot from this beautiful thing. And I want to say a big thank you to our British comrades helping us." Viktor added that Russian troops were "scattered around the city (Kyiv), hiding in the residential sector, destroying their own machinery. He continued: "Sooner or later, I personally believe that in the near future, we will kick them all back to the border." In March, it was also reported Ukrainians were saying "God save the Queen" as they fired their weapons. Zhenya Dove, a Ukrainian who moved to Scotland 13 years ago, said in a speech at Scottish Conservative Party Conference: "Our wonderful country stepped up and showed the whole world how it should be done. "Long before anybody in the EU had time to finish their morning croissants. "Italy was worried about Gucci sales and Germany was shipping discontinued helmets to the Polish border. "British anti-tank weapons were being used on the front line to the jolly singing of 'God Save the Queen'." On May 20, the UK committed to sending a further £440million's worth of lethal aid to Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukraine MP bemused at Tory rebel coup against Johnson - ‘first’ to aid This includes 120 armoured vehicles, 5,800 anti-tank missiles, five air defence systems, 1,000 rockets, and 4.5 tonnes of explosives. Prime Minister Boris Johnson also promised electronic warfare equipment, a counter-battery radar system, GPS jamming equipment, and thousands of night-vision devices. Britain has also trained more than 22,000 Ukrainian soldiers. But this week, Russian President Vladimir Putin warned Western countries against supplying Ukraine. He said that he would hit new targets if advanced rocket systems were supplied to Ukraine, adding that new arms deliveries to Kyiv are aimed at "prolonging the conflict". Moscow "will draw the appropriate conclusions and use our arms…. to strike at those targets which we have not yet been hitting," the Russian leader said without specifying which targets he meant. DON'T MISSMacron's bid to end war mocked by Russian media for being desperate  [INSIGHT]Russian ambassador storms out of UN session as Kremlin denounced [ANALYSIS]Alexander Bortnikov could oust Putin — once secretly met CIA [INSIGHT] Brooks Newmark, the former Conservative MP for Braintree who has helped save thousands of refugees from the country, believes Prime Minister Boris Johnson may have to drag the UK into direct conflict with Russia. Having travelled across Ukraine organising buses to rescue refugees, Mr Newmark has seen the impact of Russia's invasion first hand. He told Express.co.uk last month: "Putin already thinks he is at war with us. We should stop this pretence that we are going to annoy Putin. "Putin couldn't be more annoyed, he already thinks we are involved in the war and he already thinks he is in a battle with NATO. "We were prepared to go into Iraq and Afghanistan, Ukraine is a European country and on our border. "We can't just sit by and see what happened in Bucha, see the devastation, and stand by while Putin ups the stakes with these war crimes, "Putin committed war crime after war crime in Syria, we saw the devastation in east Aleppo. He thinks he can march into Ukraine and kill with impunity. "My approach is much more hawkish on this than most. My view is that if he continues down the track that he is, we may have to stand up and be counted. We may have to get involved in this war in a more direct way."