Crown Princess Victoria, 44, attended the Friends of the Sea dinner event for The UN "Ocean Conference" at Ocenario de Lisboa on Wednesday evening. The Swedish royal attended the event in Portugal dressed in lilac from head to toe.  Victoria chose a glamorous Sierina dress from Rotate for the occasion. The description on the website says: “Perfect for summer occasions, the Sierina dress from Rotate is cut to a midi-length, flowy fit. “It’s made from a silky fabric and dressed in a soft lilac hue, then detailed with puffy sleeves and a gathering at the chest which creates a flattering draping effect down the front.” In British Sterling, this lilac dress retails for just £221.77. READ MORE: Royal horror: The one tiara royals never use over 'bad luck' fears The dress perfectly cinches in Victoria at the waist, is ankle length and has puffy shoulders. The latter is completely on-brand at the moment. This item is completely sold out now, no doubt because of its popularity after being worn by the Crown Princess. The Swedish royal paired the dress with a simple lilac clutch bag from Prada for the occasion. The bag was plain and did not feature any adornments. For footwear, Victoria wore beautiful lilac stiletto heels by Gianvito Rossi which were just fabulous. The Crown Princess accessorised with silver bracelets and multicoloured dangly 'Mia' earrings from Shourouk. Victoria had also accessorised with a very poignant brooch. READ MORE: Princess Victoria's zodiac shows she's 'too overprotective' as a mum The brooch depicted two flags side-by-side, the Portuguese flag and the Swedish one. This represents Victoria’s home country and also the country in which she is visiting. The Swedish royal brushed back her long brown hair into a tight and classy bun. Victoria wore heavy eye makeup and pencilled in her dark brown eyebrows to perfection.  The 2022 UN Ocean Conference is being co-hosted by the Governments of Kenya and Portugal. It began on June 27 and will continue until July 1. Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden, is the heir apparent to the Swedish throne, as the eldest child of King Carl XVI Gustaf. If she ascends to the throne as expected, she will be the first Swedish Queen Regnant since 1720. She is due to celebrate her 45th birthday on July 14. 