Earlier this year, the Queen expressed her "sincere wish" for Camilla to be honoured with the title of Queen Consort once Prince Charles becomes King. On Monday, the Duchess attended the Order Of The Garter procession along with the Prince of Wales and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The appearance has been described as a "rare" honour for Camilla and further shows the Queen's approval of the plan to make Camilla a Queen Consort. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the Queen's honour to her daughter-in-law. Ms Garibaldi said: "The Queen did make an appearance at the Order Of The Garter because Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall was installed as a Royal Lady of the Order Of The Garter. "Camilla's appointment is significant as those who marry into the Royal Family are rarely included in the order unless they are the spouse of the monarch." She added: "She made her feelings for Camilla clear earlier this year when she used her Platinum Jubilee message to share that Camilla will be known as Queen Consort when Charles becomes King". It was noted by Ms Garibaldi that this was a "big event" and that a "lot of the members of the Royal Family were in attendance". READ MORE: Charles and William snub Harry and Meghan after couple 'expected' pleas for their return Ms Garibaldi said that Camilla's presence at Garter Day shows she is "one step closer" to her being named Queen Consort. Ms Ross added that the honour is 'another sign" that the Queen is hugely supportive of Camilla's future role". She also stated that Camilla's attendance is the "biggest thing" the Queen could do for the 74-year-old, aside from "saying she wants her to be Queen Consort". Speaking on a past episode of Royally Us, royal expert and historian Richard Fitzwilliams said that the Queen made the decision for Camilla's pending title "just before the Jubilee commenced". READ MORE: Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Following the Queen's announcement, Camilla said it will be a "great honour" to become Queen Consort when Prince Charles is King. The announcement was made after years of speculation regarding Camilla's future royal title. During an interview with presenter Emma Barnett about her work with victims of domestic violence, Camilla said the position will help her to highlight the causes that she supports. DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT] Speaking at Clarence House for Woman's Hour and BBC Breakfast, Camilla said: "Of course, it's a great honour, it couldn't be anything else. "But it does help it. I'm going to keep up with these causes. "You know if I start something like this, I'm not going to give up mid-channel, I'm just going to keep going to try and help the likes of people like Diana... I hope I should be doing it for a lifetime."