Sherwood has been airing on BBC One and the first season is made up of six episodes. Ahead of tonight's finale, fans are eager to find out how the relentless manhunt will end. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the future of the TV series at this current time. In the season finale of Sherwood, the Sparrows attempt to find out more about the arrow found at their door. With one of them as the intended target, no one is safe in the intense final episode. Elsewhere, Ian St Clair (played by David Morrissey) is determined to locate the spy cop. Kevin Salisbury (Robert Glenister) is faced with ghosts from his past as he sees Jenny Harris (Nadine Marshall) return. But is the story set to continue beyond tonight's episode, or will the character's storylines be wrapped up for good? READ MORE: Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist Fans will be thrilled to hear the series was renewed for a second season after the season one finale aired. As the critically acclaimed show finished its run on the BBC it was confirmed the drama will return, with filming set to take place in 2023. More than six million viewers tuned in to watch the show and it has been branded one of TV’s greatest dramas of recent years. The show follows the aftermath of two shocking and unexpected killings. Inspiration will be taken from the pit villages and surrounding towns of Nottinghamshire for season two. The new series "will continue to examine the lives and legacy of those governed by Britain’s industrial past with stories from communities of the 'red wall' towns, the controversial deployment of so-called ‘spycops’ and how seismic ripples from the past can come back to haunt the present". Creator James Graham said: “I’ve been so deeply moved by the response to Sherwood. "These stories come from my home, and I want to specifically express gratitude to my community for whom I know these subjects can be difficult, but – I hope – important ones to explore. "The East Midlands and former Red Wall areas like it are never just one thing, politically or culturally, and it’s been the honour of my life to give voice and character to a place I love. "It’s a county of great stories and legends, past and present, and I can’t wait to show audiences more.  DON'T MISS... Denise Welch in fiery clash with Loose Women co-star over age row [VIDEO]BBC's Sherwood 'gasp-inducing' plot twists keeps you watching - review [REVIEW] Sherwood writer airs frustration as he compares BBC series to Brexit [INTERVIEW] "It’s also a joy to see our incredible cast be so celebrated, along with lead director Lewis Arnold, who I owe a great debt, and Ben Williams. "None of this would have been possible without House Productions championing and supporting me every step of the way, and without the public service remit of the BBC." The second season will be made up of six hour-long episodes with Graham writing all of the instalments. Ben Irving, Acting Director of BBC Drama, said: “We are thrilled that James Graham and the team at House have agreed to return to the world of Sherwood a second time. "This series has been met with an incredible reaction from audiences on the BBC thanks to the amazing work of all involved." Viewers were up in arms earlier this week when the fifth episode was pulled from BBC One. Coverage of Wimbledon 2022 on the same channel forced the drama to be moved.  When viewers tuned in at 9pm they saw Andy Murray’s first-round match against Australia’s James Duckworth. As Murray’s match did not finish until 9.40pm, Sherwood was moved to BBC Two at the last minute. Many fans missed the first few minutes as a warning was not issued until the show had already started. One viewer said on Twitter: “Shocking from @Wimbledon and @BBCOne leaving it until the very last minute to move Sherwood to BBC 2. "People may have missed beginning of it now, tennis could have easily moved to BBC 2 or red button.” The finale aired on BBC One, albeit a few minutes late due to Wimbledon coverage. All episodes of Sherwood are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.