Temperatures in southern England look set to exceed 20C next week but conditions vary across the UK. According to WXCHARTS, maximum temperatures could peak at 29C in Essex on Thursday. The minimum temperature in Essex will be around 24C. In contrast, minimum temperatures could be as low as 11C in the east of Scotland. WXCHARTS also suggested maximum temperatures could creep up to 19C on the Anglo-Scottish border. Thursday evening will also see Scots face heavy downpours in places. JUST IN: UK heatwave: 32C 'North African desert' heat to bake Britain in five-day SCORCHER Up to 12mm of rainfall could fall in the west of Scotland on Thursday. Lighter rain is also expected in Northern Ireland. Brits hoping to celebrate Father's Day will be hit by rain across the country as all four corners of the UK are forecast to witness rainfall. In its mid-range forecast, the Met Office said: "A northwest-southeast contrast in weather patterns is likely across the UK at the start of the period. "While cloudy conditions with outbreaks of rain are expected across the north and west, where it will be breezy as well; the south and east will see mainly dry weather with some sunshine. "Temperatures will be around average in the north, but often feeling warm further south - perhaps very warm or hot conditions in the southeast for a time. "Further ahead, we are likely to see rather changeable conditions, with spells of rain or showers for many areas, especially the north. "More settled conditions are expected in the southwest. Temperatures will range from near normal to warm in most places." DON'T MISS: Storm Alex tracker: 'Unseasonably strong winds and rain' sweep north [ANALYSIS] UK weather: Brits set to bask in glorious sunny days as heatwave bring [REPORT] Spain heatwave: Torrid 42C blast sparks urgent alert for holidaymakers [INSIGHT] Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Chris Almond added: "Although no longer a named storm, the remnants of Ex-Tropical Storm Alex will bring some strong winds across the northern half of the UK – especially to Scotland and Northern Ireland on Friday and Saturday. "The track of the low-pressure system currently looks to be off the northwest coast of the UK on Friday and Saturday and winds are likely to reach around 45mph for some parts of the north of the UK, with a chance of some gusts in excess of 55mph in some exposed northwestern islands and coastal areas."