The Secretary of State for Leveling Up Housing and Communities, Michael Gove defended the planned implemented changes from the British Government. Michael Gove claimed that the changes have never been announced before when challenged by journalist Amol Rajan. Mr Rajan grilled Mr Gove,  asking why the Leveling up Secretary's plans had not worked before, so why would they work now. The planned changes will mean that housing association renters will have to opportunity to buy their homes.  Mr Gove told Radio 4's Today programme: "I shan't quibble over it, I don't think the particular changes to universal credit and housing benefit that we're announcing today have been announced before. "But on right to buy, you are absolutely correct to say that this is an extension of policy that we already have. "But that's because..." Mr Rajan said: "Why didn't it work before? Why is it, I'm just trying to work out, you've been in Government for 12 years or so. JUST IN: 'Very missed' Family of captured British soldier in Ukraine release emotional statement     "You announced this in 2015, I'm just trying to work out what you learned from that pilot. "You tried something and it wasn't taken up very widely, maybe you didn't have enough bandwidth in Government. "But you're sort of reannouncing it in Government today, there isn't anything particularly new in what you're announcing in terms of right to buy. "What is going to work now, that hasn't worked before?"  READ MORE:Boris 'out of ideas' as PM plans to reset leadership with housing pledge    Prime Minister Boris Johnson is expected to announce the changes today, during a speech in Lancashire. Mr Johnson is expected to argue that the yearly sum of £30b in housing benefits, which currently goes towards rent, should be able to go towards buying homes also. If the plans are successful and gain popularity, it could turn out to be a revolutionary scheme for many Britons. Currently, those that are eligible for the scheme, are those from households with earnings of £60,000 a year or less. And if you're a first-time home buyer but cannot afford to buy a house on the market. DON’T MISS: Princess Charlotte gave dressing down to cheeky Louis at Jubilee events [ROYAL]Putin humiliated as Russian ammunition warehouse 'bombed' by Ukrainians [WORLD]Putin postpones annual TV show for FIRST TIME in decade amid health rumours [HEALTH] Some MPs have been sceptical of the new plans, Nick Thomas-Symonds, Labour's Shadow Trade Secretay criticised the proposals when spoke to BBC Newsnight. Mr Thomas-Symonds said: "Existing right-to-buy schemes - they've not been replaced like-for-like with other social housing. "Nor is this dealing with the fundamental problem of affordability, and people being able to have affordable homes.  "What the Government should be doing is looking at this more broadly. "Have a proper plan to do it, including, for example, looking at the definition of affordability and properly link it to local wages." 