Roman Kemp, 29, has revealed the excruciating details after an encounter with Kate Middleton after his coveted BBC hosting job for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee this weekend. The Captial FM host said his nerves got the better of him at an after party held at Buckingham Palace following the concert on Saturday night. Speaking with Kirsty Young for the Platinum Pageant coverage on the BBC on Sunday (June 5), he dished the details. Roman gave a glimpse into what happened the previous night during the show after party. "I’m terrible at royal protocol when you meet a royal and what you have to say," he confessed. The radio presenter was also joined on the sofa by Chic's frontman Nile Rodgers. READ MORE: Prince Charles 'segregated' Harry and Meghan claims Fern Britton "I make mistakes all the time. Yesterday, Princess Kate was there," he continued, with Kirsty swiftly stepping in to correct her title. "She looked amazing," Roman said. He continued: "I saw her and she said, 'you look great' and I said to her 'wow, yeah you look really fit!'" He then revealed how he tried to claw it back, saying: "'No not like that!'" he stressed.  "Then I went, 'you look amazing.'" Fortunately for Roman, the Duchess of Cambridge laughed and thanked him for his compliment. He also shared details about when a royal party runs on a bit too late. The radio host commented: "What I can't believe is at an after party at Buckingham Palace, I'm going to say this. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty sparks flag fury amid Jubilee 'mockery' claims[LATEST]Demi Rose leaves little to imagination in eye-popping maroon bikini[PICTURES]Eamonn Holmes' taken to hospital for 'unexpected treatment'[HEALTH] "They turned the lights on to make everyone leave, that's the funny thing." "I didn't stay that late," Kirsty remarked. Roman continued: "It got so late and you know when you go to a nightclub, I literally went from under-18s Destiny nightclub in Watford where they turn the lights on at the end to still turning lights on at the end at Buckingham Palace." It seems the presenter has often suffered blunders in front of royalty. Roman recalled swearing in front of Prince William where he admittedly broke royal protocol. He told Express.co.uk: "I just remember a football match being on in the corner and it had just finished. "It was a bit of a crazy game and Prince William just looked over and then he came walking over to say hello. "Everything the person had said to me had gone out the window and the first word I said to our future king was 'F***ing hell mate, that was mad!' "He just laughed! I remember panicking, 'does he think I was swearing at him?'" Roman added.  