Sarah (played by Katie Hill) is one character on Emmerdale who has always stuck by Faith (Sally Dexter), no matter what predicament she has got herself into. The pair are more like mother and daughter, meaning the news about her great-grandmother's diagnosis will hit the teenager harder than she might have thought. Unfortunately, the matriarch of the family is going to die in the coming months and with no one to keep her on a straight path, the young woman could find another outlet to direct her pain on the ITV soap. The drama continues in this week's episodes as Sarah is trying to get her head around losing Faith forever and being lumbered with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) to give her love and support. Knowing her great-grandmother's days are numbered, the youngster expresses to her grandmother, Charity how she feels knowing the matriarch won't be around for much longer. For the first time since her son, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham), was sent to jail, it seems Charity is listening to what her granddaughter has to say. Having been through her own illnesses in the past, including cancer and a heart transplant, Sarah can't help but be pessimistic. Therefore, when it comes to the moment Faith dies, the young woman will find it incredibly hard to come back from the dark place she is in. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen Needing to distract herself, she could end up spending more time with youngsters who are not going to benefit her or give her support in any way. The youngster could end up drinking her sorrows away and after needing some comfort, she could end up flirting with a boy who catches her eye. Spending the night with him, the next morning Sarah could be full of remorse as she knows they weren't careful. However, with Faith's funeral on her mind and needing to keep a clear head for the next few weeks, she may forget about her one-night stand. It could come back to haunt her, however, as the young woman could start to experience symptoms of morning sickness, leading her to take a test. When she sees the results, she could be shocked to discover she is having a baby and she could this from her loved ones. Sarah would be left with a huge dilemma as on one hand, she would think she is not anywhere near ready to have a child of her own. On the other hand, she would think she was never going to get the chance to be pregnant given all of her illnesses and the treatment she has received. She could also see it as a sign of her great-grandmother passing on and new life being conceived around the same time. This could lead to a big storyline for the show's 50th anniversary as it's been hinted a baby storyline could take place during these episodes. DON'T MISS...Danny Miller unveils new role after quitting Emmerdale for ‘new path’ [COMMENT]Charley Webb fears getting into trouble as she teases new role [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker wows fans in eye-popping display [PICTURES] It would certainly be explosive if Sarah had managed to hide her pregnancy until the 50th anniversary, with her family in shock to discover she is expecting. Of course, it would not have been enough time for her to give birth but the Dingles could realise she has been hiding it for a good few months. Executive producer Jane Hudson spoke with Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year and hinted at the baby storyline. The soap boss said: "There will be a new baby arriving in Emmerdale before the end of the year. "I think that's not giving anything away as there are so many female characters in the show, but there will be a new arrival before the year is out." "There's probably going to be a birth in the anniversary month perhaps," Jane continued to explain about the exciting anniversary celebrations. "Babies in soaps are either born on programme celebrations or Christmas so there's going to be one of those happening." Could it be Sarah will give birth in this year's Christmas episodes as she names her daughter Faith after her great-grandmother? The actress who plays Sarah, Katie, has spoken about her character losing Faith and how important the matriarch is to her alter-ego. Katie explained: "It will really affect her and it's going to be really sad. "I am dreading watching it all but Sally [Dexter] is amazing, and she is going to smash the storyline," she told The Mirror. "I have got some nice stuff coming up with Faith, so I've been doing a few scenes with her. "I think Sarah is just finding herself at the moment," the soap star continued but will this include beaconing a mother so young? Both her own mother, Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb), and grandmother Charity were young mothers so will she follow in their footsteps? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.