Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were spotted smiling at cheering fans as the couple drove through London during Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations on Thursday. However, reports have now stated that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are also expected to make an appearance at the National Service of Thanksgiving to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee which will be held at 11.30am today.  The service will include bible readings, prayers and congregational hymns “to recognise and give thanks for The Queen’s reign, faith and lifetime of service”. Royal author Omid Scobie wrote on Twitter confirming the appearance: “Details below on tomorrow’s #PlatinumJubilee Thanksgiving Service at St Paul’s Cathedral. “The service, which I’m told the Sussexes WILL be attending, includes bible readings, prayers and hymns, ‘to recognise and give thanks for The Queen’s reign, faith and lifetime of service’.” The Duke and Duchess made a brief appearance during the Platinum Jubilee on Thursday morning when they watched the Trooping the Colours parade from the Major General’s Office.   Meanwhile, the Queen will not attend the Thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral, Buckingham Palace has said. In a statement, a spokesperson said: “The Queen greatly enjoyed today's birthday parade and flypast but did experience some discomfort. “Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend. “The Queen is looking forward to participating in tonight's beacon lighting event at Windsor Castle and would like to thank all those who made today such a memorable occasion.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry get lift from Queen’s Land Rover  On Thursday, the Queen had a busy day at Trooping the Colour. She travelled from Windsor Castle to Buckingham Palace. And, although she was not present at Horse Guards Parade for the ceremony itself, with Prince Charles taking the salute, she did acknowledge the salute from the Palace balcony as the parade concluded in the Mall. The Platinum Jubilee marks Meghan’s first royal appearance in two years. DON'T MISS:Ukraine soldiers put down guns for ‘two hours of happiness’Dan Wootton fumes ‘not the day’ as guest questions Queen’s roleUkraine LIVE: ‘Sending your soldiers to die!’ Putin faces mutiny Since stepping down from the Royal Family in 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been living in the US with their children. This will be the first time that the 96-year-old monarch meets the couple’s daughter, who the pair welcomed last June. 