Matteo Berrettini has confessed that it is “difficult” to play while knowing his Wimbledon ranking points will be removed. The world No 10 reached his first Grand Slam final at the All England Club last year and will lose the 1,200 points he was awarded as a result following the ATP’s decision to strip the tournament of its points. Berrettini has returned on the grass following hand surgery, and has already won his first tournament back in Stuttgart. But no matter how well the Italian’s grass season goes, he is guaranteed to suffer a blow to his ranking as he will lose 1,200 of his 3,570 points at the conclusion of Wimbledon. Despite getting his comeback off to a winning start, the world No 10 admitted it was tough to compete while knowing he wouldn’t be rewarded for his efforts. “I’ve been speaking to the ATP, to the tournament managers and all of the people in the ATP and the players and I think the decision is taken,” he said ahead of his title defence at the Queen’s Club. “What I think, what I know is that there is not going to be any movement, any changes so I just have to accept that. It’s kind of also difficult to play with these kinds of thoughts in my mind because I know that it doesn’t matter how well I play, eventually I’m going to drop out of [top] 10, out of maybe the [top] 20 so obviously it’s not easy to digest.” JUST IN: Nadal's Wimbledon hopes boosted as Spaniard 'returns to grass court'  Berrettini is one of the players who will suffer the most as a result of the ATP’s decision to remove all ranking points on offer at Wimbledon in response to the tournament’s ban on Russian and Belarusian players, and as the defending champion at Queen’s he can only lose or defend his 500 points from winning the title 12 months ago. But the 26-year-old has tried to maintain a positive outlook, admitting he took solace from an interview his coach recently gave. “Like my coach said - I saw that he did an interview and he didn’t tell me - I played well and I gained certain points in the past which means I can do it again, which means that that’s my level. DON'T MISSEvans weighs in on Murray's Wimbledon hopes after Stuttgart injuryMurray faces nervous wait for scan results as Brit sweats on WimbledonRaducanu hit by new injury as Murray ends six-year wait   “It doesn’t matter when it’s going to happen but it’s going to happen eventually so I have trust in that and I found his words really helpful, especially in these kinds of circumstances so it’s going to be tougher but here I am to fight.” Berrettini’s words come after he claimed the ATP’s decision was “not fair” and slammed the tour for failing to reach out to players for their opinion. “I just wish that this decision was taken in a different way, maybe ask the players, Nobody contacted us. Nobody asked us our opinion about it and I think it shouldn’t work like that.” he said.  