The 67-year-old journalist took part in Friday's Good Morning Britain debate about clothing in the workplace during a heatwave, and Mike passionately maintained items such as flip-flops are "inappropriate". However, he went on to suggest there should be a complete ban on the summer footwear because they "can kill". The journalist's comments saw a backlash on social media as fans laughed off his comments. "As for flip-flops, by the way, they're the most dangerous form of footwear in the world," Mike remarked. He followed with a surprising statement, adding: "People have died wearing flip-flops!" "Really?" asked Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway, who was sporting the light sandals herself. "Of course," Mike replied, while baffled co-host Adil Ray asked: "People have died wearing flip-flops?" READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna "Of course they have!" Mike repeated as Adil went on to ask: "Has that been the cause of death?" "It has been the cause of death," the radio presenter argued. As Kate asked: "In what way?" Mike explained: "Well the problem is that a flip-flop is really a thong on your foot. "The only way it connects between you and your body is a little thin piece of rubber." He later added: "I'm talking about the sheer safety factor of a flip-flop. "I know of a case where a flip-flop got trapped in an escalator, okay? Because they flop around. "I know cases of people slipping over whilst they're walking on a cliff top and banging themselves and breaking their hip." His disapproval of the casual footwear became more apparent when he demanded them to be "banned" completely. DON'T MISS... Deborah James in candid admission in final TV appearance [LATEST]EastEnders fans 'work out' Linda Carter's revenge plot on Janine [THEORY]Matt Lucas gobsmacked as he discovers Anne Frank connection [VIDEO] "They're the most dangerous form of footwear in the world and they should be banned for everybody, not just in work," he commented. It didn't take long for viewers to give their view on the extreme opinions. @tometidier wrote: "This flip-flop rant on #GMB is wildly entertaining. This gammon-man is going to explode in a minute. Also, please don't wear flip-flops if you are maintaining clifftop." @NikkiSamuel added: "OMG who called the flip flop police?? #GMB." @aBitSquirrely joked: "Good morning everyone. Hope you all have a gorgeous sunny day, please remember not to wear flip-flops tho, as Mike Parry says they will kill you! Also, best ask his permission before wearing shorts #GMB." "Mike really hates flip-flops doesn't he #GMB," added Twitter user Loops. @RussellKellyNo1 fumed: "#GMB Cause of Death ... Wearing Flip Flops! fk off Mike..." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.