The bank holiday gifted people an unusual three-day working week and a long weekend for the Platinum Jubilee. June 2 saw the Government repurpose the May bank holiday, moving it to the new date from later in the month. With June 3's one-off Jubilee holiday extending the weekend to four days, people will only be clamouring for more. The UK enjoys a clutch of bank holidays every year, from the first day on January 1 to the last, Boxing Day, on December 26. Britons usually have approximately eight in total and may occasionally have more during unusual years, such as the Platinum Jubilee. Most fall between spring and summer, with five annually scheduled holidays between April and August. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson skewers Prince William and Mike Tindall for hugging While the Platinum Jubilee was a special event warranting a slight adjustment to the bank holiday schedule, it only added one more. The jubilee weekend finishes today, with the Government expecting people to return to their working lives by June 6. The bank holiday schedule has not concluded yet, with more on the horizon. Between August and December, Britons have another three guaranteed days off. The next, the summer bank holiday, falls on Monday, August 29, as the season ends. The following two give people two days off over Christmas on Christmas Day and Boxing Day. As Christmas Day falls on a Sunday, the Government has substituted the bank holiday for the next available weekday on Tuesday, December 27. The Boxing Day bank holiday is still on its usual day, Monday, December 26. Ministers will stay true to their word in 2023, with the Jubilee bank holiday off the schedule. Next year sees eight holidays, with two in May and none in June commemorating the Queen. The Government has resisted calls to make this year's new introduction a permanent fixture on the bank holiday rota. A campaign hoping to persuade ministers launched earlier this year and gained backing from the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), Archbishop of Canterbury and Hospitality UK. But while Rishi Sunak was due to consider the proposal - as the Treasury is responsible for arranging new bank holidays - Downing Street has not committed to it. In April, the Prime Minister's spokesman said he was "not aware of any plans to make it permanent". He added the jubilee holiday was a "unique event" for the British public.