Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to post unusual cleaning tips and tricks. With more than four million Instagram followers, the cleaning guru shares more of her family life. Her fans now share their advice on dedicated forums, including how to unblock plugholes. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips group on Facebook, Tina Edge wrote: “What’s the best way to unblock plugholes? “I’ve noticed water is going really slow down now. I’ve tried white vinegar and baking soda. “I don’t want to use harsh chemicals either.” Blockages are typically caused by a build-up of hair, soap and shampoo in the bathroom plugholes. READ MORE: Lily of the valley: How to grow Queen Elizabeth II's favourite plant In the kitchen, blockages are often caused by food debris or oil. Taking to the comments, more than 50 Mrs Hinch fans shared their top tips for unblocking drains. Joe Kenny wrote: “Use soda crystals. Pack them in and then 10 minutes later pour boiling water over them.” Sandra Ryan said: “Use soda crystals and boiling water.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘two-minute’ method for cleaning Venetian blinds [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer pair spend just £2k on renovation [PICTURES]I tried Viakal to remove stubborn limescale from the shower - results [EXPLAINER] Elaine Blair commented: “Soda crystals are good.” “Soda crystals are the most natural method I’ve found,” said Kay Sanford. The cleaning fan added: “They’re only 60p in Asda for a big bag but the trick of putting them down the drain works every time.” Soda crystals not only help to get rid of blockages, but they can also help to prevent them from occurring in the first place. It is advised to put around a cup of soda crystals down any sink in the home and wait 10 minutes for them to work. Boiling water then helps to flush them down the drain. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended leaving the baking soda overnight to allow it to work. Emma Wendy wrote: “I use lots of baking soda and leave it for a long time before pouring a kettle of boiling water over it.” Wendy Graetz said: “I used lots of bicarbonate of soda followed by boiling water. Worked a treat.” When mixed with white vinegar or boiling water, baking soda helps to loosen blockages down the drain. What’s more, it’s a great natural cleaner which is also very affordable to buy. Some group members said chemical products were the way to go when unblocking drains. Harvey Lister said: “I know you said you wanted to use natural cleaners but Buster’s plug hole unblocker is the only thing I’ve found to work.” 