Red Bull team principal Christian Horner will be concerned and ‘worried’ that his driver partnership of Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez will come to a head as they potentially battle for the world title in 2022. Despite Ferrari’s early season form, unreliability has given Red Bull the impetus with Verstappen atop the Drivers’ Championship and Perez in second. After playing a key role in Verstappen’s epic championship win in 2021, Perez is undoubtedly eyeing the glory for himself this season. The Mexican has impressed in the early stages, and even won the iconic Monaco Grand Prix before heading to Baku. At the Azerbaijan Grand Prix last weekend, Perez took the lead from Leclerc at the start while Verstappen moved into second after the Monegasque driver pitted under Virtual Safety Car. The Mexican held a five-second lead but Verstappen powered back and made a comfortable overtake on lap 15. Red Bull boss Horner sent a message to Perez, who was told ‘no fighting’ as Verstappen closed on him. Horner suggested it was not team orders due to the ‘significant’ difference in pace between the two - and Emerson Fittipaldi agreed with the call. “I understand why Christian Horner sent the 'no fighting' message,” the two-time world champion told VegasInsider. “Now Christian Horner for sure was worried when he said ‘no fighting’. READ MORE: FIA's stance on Mercedes complaints amid Horner's 'bitching' claim “For sure Christian and the Red Bull team get worried when the two guys (Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez) are running together trying to pass each other, trying to compete against each other. “You know anything can happen at that time.” Perez ultimately had no response to Verstappen’s exceptional pace in Baku, but the Mexican has proved to be a genuine threat to the Dutchman’s crown throughout 2022. The title fight is perfectly poised given the dominance of the Red Bull machinery, and Perez will continue to push for the championship to the delight of Fittipaldi. “I'm very happy Checo Perez is performing so fast and so well,” the Brazilian added. “He has adapted to the team, adapted to the car, adapted to the engineers. His performance is really fast. DON'T MISSWolff counters Verstappen and Hamilton F1 salary claimsNorris defends Hamilton after FIA investigation at Azerbaijan GPMax Verstappen warned after brutal reaction to Charles Leclerc failure “I was surprised on what happened in the race yesterday, as suddenly he (Checo) lost a lot of speed compared to Max. But it's very interesting for the racing fans to see Checo challenge Verstappen. “It's happened this year in a few Grands Prix and it is going to happen the next few Grands Prix. “It's very interesting, I think that's part of the show part of the competition in Formula 1 and I'm very happy that Checo is confident, driving fast, is doing well and from now on you only can improve and it’ll be great to see.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign continues with the Canadian Grand Prix around the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on June 19.