Tennis legend Tim Henman has weighed in on the ‘frosty handshake’ shared by Holger Rune and Casper Ruud following their French Open quarter-final clash on Wednesday. It was Ruud who was the man who prevailed to the final four as he saw off the young Danish star. Ruud put in a dominating performance to win the clash 6-1, 4-6, 7-6, 6-3 on Wednesday night and book a semi-final clash against Croatian star Marin Čilić. Following the match though, his rival Rune seemed less than impressed with being dumped out and has since been slammed for his handshake with Ruud at night. As the Norwegian star clinched match point, a begrudged Rune stomped his way to the net for the usual post-match handshake. The Dane though looked as if he couldn’t get away quick enough, offering a half-hearted shake before darting off the court. Ruud was less than impressed, and was seen shaking his head at his opponent as the pair made their way off the Parisian clay. Speaking on Eurosport, former star Henman has had his say on the awkward net meetup, describing Rune’s handshake as ‘frosty’. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic makes furious French Open crowd claim after Rafael Nadal loss  He said: “That was certainly a pretty frosty handshake. I don't know what their history is. But I think from Casper’s reaction, he was a little bit disappointed. And probably when Rune looks back on it in a couple of days, he'll probably realise that that probably wasn't the best way to go out. But anyway, there's a lot of other positives to focus on." With Ruud just 23 and Rune only 19, the pair are both tipped for long and successful careers on the ATP Tour, and as two of the sport’s hottest prospects, Henman hopes this encounter is the first of a long rivalry between them. “I hope this will be a big rivalry in the future,” he added. DON'T MISSDjokovic's frank injury message to rival Nadal after French Open lossNadal warned over one player who can trouble him at French OpenRafa Nadal's win over Novak Djokovic gives Zverev Wimbledon advantage “We're talking about different rivalries in the men's and the women's game, and you look at them geographically, it's great when you get those rivalries and sometimes if there's a little bit of tension for the spectators it's all the more interesting."Two-time French Open runner-up Alex Corretja also weighed in on the discussion whilst appearing on Eurosport, and whilst he believes Rune should have shown better sportsmanship to his opponent, he did have sympathy with the Dane due to his young age. He said: “I think if someone is in the locker room and tell him like, what about that handshake, it's like, you need to go and say “Casper, you played very well. Congratulations, all the best for you. I'm going to try my best for the future. I wish I can be there the next time and beat you’. But he's just young. And this is my opinion. He's such a nice kid, you see him smiling and laughing on the court.” 