Zara and Mike's young daughters were among the members of the Firm in the Royal Box on the last day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Mia and Lena sat between their parents and looked attentively at the spectacle unfolding before them. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The children sat right behind their royal cousins Prince Louis, Princess Charlotte and Prince George. As the parade was beginning, Mia was spotted chatting with seven-year-old Charlotte, while Louis was sharing a joke with his doting mum Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. The five children appeared engaged and interested in the show, standing up at times to better see what was going on in The Mall. Lena was also spotted sitting on her mother's lap to better watch the performance. Her place was then taken by one of Peter Phillips' daughters, who was seen chatting animatedly with Mia and Louis. The four-year-old son of Kate and Prince William later left Mia in stitches, as he surprised her with a kiss on the cheek. This marks Lena and Mia's second appearance during this extended Jubilee bank holiday weekend. On Thursday, they were among the members of the Firm watching the Trooping the Colour parade from the windows of the Major General's Office. READ MORE: Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan The children were seen speaking with their cousins Isla and Savannah Phillips as well as with Princess Charlotte. Lena and Mia also shared an adorable moment with Meghan Markle during Trooping the Colour. The Duchess of Sussex was photographed jokingly pulling faces at the children and placing a finger on her lips. While Lena and Mia have only been at two Jubilee events over the past few days, their parents have been very present. The day after watching the Trooping the Colour parade, Mike and Zara headed to St Paul's Cathedral for the national service dedicated to the Queen and her life and reign. Zara stunned in a hot pink dress, a colour echoed in her husband's outfit by his tie. The couple sat in the second row, according to the pecking order, behind the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall. At the end of the service, Zara was spotted chatting with Prince Harry and Meghan, before being waved goodbye by her cousin. On Saturday, Zara and Mike joined Peter Phillips, Sir Timothy Laurence and Princess Anne in Surrey to watch the Epsom Derby races. Ahead of the beginning of the races, Zara also provided an update on the Queen's health state, after she pulled out of the service at St Paul's Cathedral. Speaking about Her Majesty, her granddaughter said she was doing "well". Zara said: "She will be watching on the TV – she has a few runners today dotted around the country, so she knows exactly what’s going on. "She’ll just be sat on the sofa watching the TV. She'll be in her comfy clothes." Asked whether she had spoken to Her Majesty recently, Zara added: "Yes. She’s well, but obviously she was in London on Thursday. "She’s got runners today, so she’ll concentrate on that and be watching the Derby." A few hours later, the Tindalls joined other members of the Firm in the royal box near Buckingham Palace to watch the Party at the Palace concert.