Will Kirk is a repair craftsman and expert in wood restoration on the heartfelt BBC series The Repair Shop. He recently opened up about how he was preparing for the arrival of his daughter with his wife Polly before revealing he had been making a wooden elephant for when she is born. Joining ITV's Lorraine Kelly to discuss his new series Travelling Auctioneers with Christina Trevanion, talk soon turned to his daughter. Lorraine exclaimed: "Congratulations, you're going to be a dad, when is it all happening?" Beaming with pride, Will revealed: "Baby is due in July, I had an antenatal class last night, changing nappies! A lot of stuff going on and a lot of times in one day, apparently." Keen to know more, Lorraine probed: "Do you know if it's a boy or a girl?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson Will revealed: "We are having a girl! We have a name, but we are going to wait until she is there!" Agreeing with their decision, Lorraine added: "That is so right, we had a few names, and when you see the little one, you just know!" "I am ready, I am so broody at the moment, and I just can't wait," he admitted, to which Lorraine praised: "Oh, and you will be the best dad. "It will just be so lovely, it really will, and you can make her things, will you be making the cot and stuff?" Laughing at her question, Will quipped: "Everyone has asked me about the cot, I think with safety standards, I think I would rather leave it to the professionals. "But I have started making some wooden animals for her nursery, so I started carving an elephant about four months ago, it's not that big, but I am making some small things." Lorraine melted at the revelation as she joked: "Oh, that will be so precious, will it be weird in sort of 60 years' time she goes to the equivalent of the repair shop in the future to go, 'My daddy made me this!'" Will added: "Well, hopefully, it won't be broken because I am making with love!" DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk gobsmacked by story behind BBC show first [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades exposes key rule experts must abide by [LATEST]Jay Blades children: How many children does The Repair Shop star have? [MORE] Will announced his wife's pregnancy back in March via his Instagram account after posting an image holding a mug with the word "Papa" engraved on it. He captioned the image: "A new mug to add to my collection this summer. "We are so excited for our new little arrival and to extend our family." Some of Will's Repair Shop co-stars and friends commented on the post, with Jay Blades kicking off: "Congratulations, all three of you." Kirsten Ramsay commented: "Congratulations to you both," alongside three heart emojis. Brenton West added: "Congratulations xx." Viewers of the show also congratulated the BBC star, with @Anna_Missus9 replying: "Oh, you guys are going to be the best parents. Congratulations." @Emma--Readun_5 said: "The perfect picture to announce this! Congratulations, you beautiful couple." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.