Prime Day 2022 is almost here, with the huge annual Amazon Prime sale set to take place in a few weeks time. After a changing schedule these past few years during the coronavirus pandemic, Amazon Prime Day has returned to its usual spot in July. Amazon Prime Day 2022 is confirmed as taking place on two days next month, while the sale launching on Tuesday July 12 and running on Wednesday July 13 as well. Outside of Black Friday, Prime Day sales are arguably the biggest discount events each year for Amazon subscribers. Millions of products are set to be discount for Prime Day which will cover a wide range of product types, from top tech to kitchenware, fitness goods and more. Amazon products such as the Kindle and Echo smart speakers also typically get discounts around Prime Day while the price of a subscription for the service also usually gets reduced. As the name suggests, the huge discounts that will be available for Prime Day 2022 are only available to Prime members. So, if you want to grab a bargain in the sale you will have to sign up for the service - but Amazon thankfully does offer a 30 day free trial for new members. If you sign up for the free trial today it will cover the period that Prime Day 2022 runs, and if you don't want to continue using the service after your free trial ends you can simply subscribe before it's over. Amazon Prime bundles together a huge amount of services all under one roof. Besides speedy Prime delivery you'll also get access to the massive Prime Video library of movies and boxsets, be able to listen to millions of songs with Amazon Music, access thousands of ebooks with Prime Reading, get free games with Prime Gaming and take advantage of exclusive Prime deals. Amazon Prime is priced at £7.99 per month or £79 for the year. While Prime Day will offer plenty of incredible discounts, you can still grab a bargain before then. In the run-up to Prime Day Amazon is offering some incredible deals on its subscription services. If you love books then you'll want to take advantage of the free Kindle Unlimited and Audible trials. Right now Amazon Prime members can get three months of Kindle Unlimited for free or three months of Audible for free. And if that wasn't enough Amazon Prime subscribers can also get four months worth of Music Unlimited for free. Music Unlimited is Amazon's rival to Spotify which offers a library of 90million songs to stream. Even if you're not an Amazon Prime subscriber you can still get three months of Music Unlimited for free right now.