Just a day after William’s 40th birthday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were back at work with a full itinerary of visits. Alongside visiting the programme focusing on helping young people get into the creative sector, they also attended the unveiling of a new statue at Waterloo Station. The Duke and Duchess visited ELEVATE, a community youth group with children of all ages which focuses on making the creative and cultural industry more accessible for young people. During the event, Kate showed off her maternal instincts as she spoke to a group of children who had gathered to meet the royals, but quickly became shy. The Duchess crouched down, shook their hands and spoke to them after which they seemed very much at ease with her and her husband. The Instagram account of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge posted a series of photographs from the visit and the caption explained more about the importance of the programme. It read: “This morning we visited ELEVATE, an innovative youth programme which aims to open up the creative and cultural sector to every young person in the Borough of Lambeth in South London. “This programme supports the next generation of creators to hone their talents so they can succeed in a wide range of sectors – from photography to film. “It was fantastic to see young people making the most of the facilities, developing their skills and aiming high as they look towards possible careers in the creative sector in the future!” Fans took to social media to praise the couple for their visit to the programme and spreading awareness of its existence. Instagram user @Andria.writes commented: “This is really cool! A lot of multimedia equipment is very expensive and out of reach for many – great resource for youth to have access to!” READ MORE: POLL: Do you support unions in rail strikes bringing UK to a halt? Another added: “So proud of everyone involved in the programme, and don’t even have the words to express my gratitude and appreciation to William and Catherine for their hard work and continuous support for great causes.” The programme connects with schools, colleges, and employers to help those in the British-Caribbean community get into the industry. The Duchess, who is a keen photographer, was even shown by some of the teenage members how to use a large video camera which was resting on Kate’s shoulder. DON'T MISS: Russia 'can't understand' how Ukraine fighting back 'so rapidly'  (INSIGHT)Royal Family LIVE: Vicious Harry and Meghan divorce report crushed (REVEAL)Cambridges 'taking on huge responsibility' to prepare for royal future (INSIGHT)