The Duke of Cambridge and the Duke of Sussex, who is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties, have been at the centre of an ongoing row. But a friend of the once-close brothers is reportedly "confident" that they will eventually put the fallout behind them. The insider said William knows they are "stronger when they have each other in their lives". The source told Vanity Fair: “My sense would be that it is something that plays on his mind a lot. “The thing is, William knows they are stronger when they have each other in their lives. "In time I’m confident that can happen. "The hope is one day it will be resolved.” William and Harry, whose bond once appeared unbreakable, have been embroiled in a rift in recent years. The Duke of Sussex laid bare tensions with his older brother to Oprah Winfrey in March last year. He told the US talk show host: ”The relationship is space at the moment. Time heals all things, hopefully." READ MORE: Prince William’s birthday marred by ‘pot shots at Harry’ The bombshell interview saw Harry and Meghan make a series of explosive claims about the monarchy. Harry said his father Prince Charles and William, who is second in line to the throne, were "trapped" in their royal roles. And Meghan claimed Kate made her cry ahead of her royal wedding, following previous reports it was the other way around. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Vicious Harry and Meghan divorce report crushed William sparks fury 'leaking gossip' about Harry and Meghan Prince William 'envies' Prince Harry Harry went on to make further controversial comments about his family in the weeks after the TV interview. And he is set to release a tell-all memoir later this year. In April, the Duke of Sussex dodged a question on whether he missed Charles and William during an interview at the Invictus Games. He and Meghan returned to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. However, they were absent from many of the celebrations during the four days. There was no obvious interaction between the brothers when they both attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral during the extended bank holiday weekend. 