Princess Eugenie, 32, announced plans to relocate to a luxurious resort in Portugal after her husband Jack Brooksbank secured a job away from the UK. Eugenie and Jack, and their one-year-old son August, will now "divide their time" between the UK and Portugal. Speaking to The Royal Round-Up host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "It came out that Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank and their little boy have moved out and have moved to Portugal. "The first day, what they were doing in Portugal wasn't very clear, it was just that they were away, so we are able to shed more light on that." He revealed that the reason for the move was because "Jack's got a new job". He added: "He will be working for a US entrepreneur, who seems to develop luxury properties. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry get lift from Queen’s Land Rover as Sussexes arrive for Platinum Jubilee ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** "As far as we understand it, he's going to be doing a similar job to the job he's been doing for the tequila company. "So acting as a brand ambassador. Mr Palmer continued: "He's [one of the] contacts to bring in wealthy people to buy these properties. "So, yes, they are moving to Portugal. They will divide their time between London and Lisbon." He added: "I think they are going to have use of Ivy Cottage back at Kensington Palace, which is quite a small property. READ MORE: Queen bumps Palace staff salary 5% amid crippling cost of living crisis 'Felt appropriate' "But they will certainly be spending a fair amount of time in Portugal from now on, for the foreseeable future." Eugenie's husband had been working for Casamigos, the tequila brand. The company was founded by the Hollywood actor, Mr Meldman and the husband of supermodel Cindy Crawford, Rande Gerber. The company was sold in 2017 to the Diageo drinks company for £550million. DON'T MISS Eugenie's husband of almost four years landed the new job with property tycoon Mike Meldman - a friend of George Clooney. Eugenie, who has always been passionate about art, is said to be earning nearly £115,000 a year from her job at the London art gallery Hauser & Wirth. Jack's net worth is unknown.