   Tom Hanks raged at aggressive fans as he and his wife Rita Wilson were leaving a restaurant in midtown, New York City last night. The star told one fan to “back the f**k up” after the rowdy group of fans led to Rita stumbling over.     Tom and Rita were swarmed by movie lovers taking pictures of them as they made their way to a car in the US city last night. The movie star yelled at fans when they got so close to them that it caused Rita to trip. “Back the f**k up!” he yelled incredulously. “Knocking over my wife?!” READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux  “Sorry about that Tom!” a couple of the men present at the scene shouted to the movie star. “What are they doing out here?” another asked, as the star was helped into his car. Tom and Rita were enjoying dinner together last night before the altercation occurred. It comes after the Forrest Gump actor sparked health fears this week.    Tom’s hands were spotted shaking while discussing his new film, Elvis. The Hollywood star was promoting Baz Luhrmann's new biopic in Sydney this week. Addressing the audience on stage, Tom clutched a microphone with his right hand. He said: "There is no better place in the world to make a motion picture than right here on the Gold Coast." READ MORE...  Alex Scott issues 'warning' as she hits back at Soccer Aid critics [UPDATE] Tearful Fern Britton admits her children 'kept me alive' in dark times [NEWS] Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battle [NEWS]      "I've shot films in Morocco and Los Angeles and New York City and Seattle and in Berlin. "None of them have what the Gold Coast have, and what is that? Two words. None of those other cities have Dan Murphy. "What a man, who I got to know quite well," he added. At this point, the star attempted to stop his right hand, which had started shaking, while holding the microphone. He placed his left hand on top to help steady it, before switching hands.     Tom went on: "We had an absolutely magnificent time with you all. "There is something about the people and the place of the Gold Coast that makes everyone walk around with a confident look on their face. We were a part of that. "Your confidence, joy and zest for life comes through in our motion picture. "You have a wonderful proactive golden son in Baz Luhrmann who loves Australia more than kangaroos, more than Dan Murphy," he ended. Fans of the star will be looking forward to his latest outing in Elvis, which will be released June 24. The new biopic features Austin Butler in the titular role and Tom as Colonel Tom Parker. 