Equestrian Zara Tindall is extremely athletic and has the stunning figure to show for it. Express.co.uk spoke to Michelle Baynham, founder of Mother Fit, and Kira Mahal, founder of Motivate PT, about the diet and workout routines that likely keep her fit and healthy. Michelle told Express.co.uk: "Hats off to Zara Tindall for the juggle struggle of being a royal and mum to three young children. "Taking time for her must be such a challenge, but prioritising her health is something she values. "A mum's well-being is not only good for her, but also her whole family." Exercise is an important component of self-care, so what kind of workout might the Queen's granddaughter enjoy? "During her equestrian days, Zara will have worked hard at an advanced level to keep fit and this will have set her up in good stead for 'mum life'." READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Prevent weight gain with five methods She even won a silver medal for her sport in the 2012 London Olympics. Michelle continued: "Zara will no doubt combine cardio with strength training, alongside her passion which is riding, giving her a full-body workout. "Horse riding provides the combination of a cardiovascular workout with a rewarding mental challenge, mixing balance with hand-eye coordination helping to improve reflexes, tone the body and in particular tone the core muscles and your legs." But for slimmers who do not share the royal's passion for horse riding, other cardio workouts such as brisk walking, jogging, running, swimming or cycling are also ideal for weight loss. Zara's lean physique can not be credited to exercise alone. Michelle stated: "Nutrition is also key to keeping her fit and key to staying on track. "She'll limit processed food, follow a high protein diet, combine slow-releasing carbohydrates with good fats and stay hydrated," the expert suggested. "Her meals and snacks are probably full of fresh and wholesome foods that are laden with protein, vitamins and nutrients." READ MORE: 'Number one' weight loss tip has nothing to do with counting calories Processed foods do not tend to be rich in these and therefore do not fill the body up. This can lead to overeating later in the day. Express.co.uk also spoke to Kira Mahal about how the royal maintains a slim figure. She said: "Zara is an equestrian, Olympian and a mother of three! "So fitness and movement will come naturally to her and she is likely to incorporate activity into her everyday life. "I wouldn’t be at all surprised if she has a personal trainer to keep her motivated and as her husband is also an athlete they are likely to keep their weekends active with the kids." Mike Tindall once revealed on his podcast, The Good, The Bad & The Rugby, that their eldest daughter Mia is partial to a game of rugby herself. When it comes to nutrition, Kira claimed that Zara will definitely know what she's doing. "Watching her diet to focus on foods that will give her energy will also have been a part of her training and so whilst she is probably active enough to eat what she wants and burn calories throughout the day, they will be likely to really understand how important nutrition is and place a huge importance on this!"