Bosses at Tiverton High School (THS) told parents skirts are frequently being worn shorter than rules permit, so they've decided to scrap them altogether, Devon Live reports. The large school, which is in Tiverton, Devon, will implement the change from September, when it will also start the school day 30 minutes earlier. But parents aren't happy with the decisions, branding them "dreadful" and reflecting "a complete lack of democracy". "The world has gone mad. If a girl wants to wear a skirt fine, nobody should dictate if you want to wear one or not," one Facebook user posted. "Where is the freedom going? We will have a generation of stressed children," another stated. "What a load of rubbish," a further comment reads. One man posted: "I thought we lived in a country with freedom of choice, not a dictatorship." Others suggested the school, which caters for around 1,200 children, should "focus more on education". Among the other changes, the school will also reduce lunch times from 45 minutes to 30 minutes, with two break times of half an hour each being introduced. Lessons are also being made longer by reducing the number each day from six to five. Skirts will still be allowed in PE lessons. In a letter to parents, Sammy Crook, headteacher at the school, said: "We will follow other secondary schools in implementing a more gender-neutral uniform policy. Parents/carers will be pleased to know that the majority of the uniform will remain as it is, with the exception that from September all students will be expected to wear trousers." But the school, rated as Good by OFSTED after its last inspection, admitted consultations with parents were not required in order to implement the changes. Mrs Crook said: "We are making the changes to the timetable overwhelmingly in the interests of students' learning, aligning our offer with the recent government white paper. The changes are also a positive step in supporting the safety of students during the winter, and providing access to extra-curricular opportunities. "Changes such as this are not something we need to consult with parents on, but we have been mindful of the changes and how they may affect parents and have consulted with local transport providers. For parents who have issues around the new timetable that prove difficult to resolve, we will provide as much support as we can." Regarding the new school uniform, Mrs Crook said: "We never take decisions like this lightly and go through a detailed process over time in order to come to the right conclusions for our students and the school; decisions that meet our legal obligations, and the standards expected in secondary education. This change to uniform policy has the approval of our governors and balances the demands placed on us in matters including standards of education, parental cost, inclusivity and student health. "By moving to 'trousers only' we have particularly responded to the 'trend' for girls in the school to abuse the current policy and wear approved skirts shorter than they should, in and out of school. The wearing of skirts shorter than knee-length, which is our current policy, has attracted many complaints from the public and from visitors to the school. "It has proven time-consuming and frustrating for staff to enforce in-school and is beyond our control out of school. We wrote to parents in November about our concerns and expectations around skirts, and in January we held a series of assemblies with all year groups about skirts, advising them that unless the uniform policy was properly observed we would move to an all trousers policy. "Our current policy has allowed girls to wear trousers, which many do already, and boys have been able to wear skirts if they want to. Trousers also standardise how our students dress, so that we and they can focus on what we consider to be our primary objective: learning. "We have not limited availability of trousers to one brand, and have made suggestions that give parents options around price and fit, and on the whole trousers should prove a cheaper option than skirts. Our Year 10s are also working on a project to source further options that overcome personal demands for clothing that's sustainably and fairly sourced. "It is in our existing policy that shorts can be worn in the summer term and this will not change, and there is no change to our policy around sports skirts. We will consider and respond to individual circumstances, as we have always done, where there is medical or other need." 