The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the Milton branch of East Anglia's Children's Hospices (EACH) yesterday. Kate sat with eight-year-old Willow Bamber, who suffers from a severe neurological condition called Leigh's disease, during the art session. At one point, the Duchess told the young girl "don't be shy" as she painted her hand. Royal author Angela Levin praised the future Queen Consort for the sweet gesture. Ms Levin tweeted: "Heartbreaking to see such ill children but brilliant of Catherine let a little girl paint her hand. "She'll be thrilled for weeks." Other Twitter users agreed with Ms Levin, with one with the handle @MandyCaunt commenting: "No wonder Prince William loves her so much she's just awesome." Another, Kitty O'Fay, said: "Catherine is so brilliant with children they are just drawing to her. "The beautiful little girl will remember that forever bless her heart." A third, @LianeHawes, wrote: "Catherine is a brilliant addition to the Royal family, she brings a down to earth approach but with dignity and charm. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stuns on Cambridge visit wearing long blue coat  "The monarchy is safe in William and Catherine's hands. That little girls smile said it all." Another with the handle @SunshyneeDay said: "Just when I think it’s not possible to love her any more than I already do, she goes and does this! "Those moments will forever be cherished by those precious children’s families." One more, Emily Ruiz, added: "Love it! The smile on that little girl's face was everything." DON'T MISSPrincess Charlotte 'knows her own mind' and doesn't look to George [ANALYSIS]Royal POLL: Should William invite Harry and Meghan to birthday party? [POLL]Kate beams alongside William as couple view portrait of themselves [INSIGHT] A canvas full of handprints was laid out in front of Kate and Prince William during the art session. Kate invited the youngster to paint her hand and rolled up her coat sleeve. The Duchess encouraged the eight-year-old as she tentatively started prompting a delighted reaction. Once her hand was completely covered in paint, Kate pressed it down on the canvas. The mother-of-three was cheered as she lifted her hand up to reveal the print. Kate, who has been patron of EACH for 10 years, and William met three families who make use of the charity's services during the visit. It was part of a day of engagements for the royal couple in Cambridgeshire during Children's Hospice Week. 