Swayze always radiated sexy confidence on screen. As a professionally trained dancer he seemed supremely confident in his body, most notably in 1987's Dirty Dancing. Two years later, after it made him an international superstar, he flashed even more flesh in the riotously trashy Road House, which is on TV tonight. Playing a professional 'cooler', aka nightclub bouncer, the hunky star had plenty of shirtless scenes as well as some extremely passionate moments with co-star Kelly Lynch. Rather like Dirty Dancing's Cynthia Rhodes, she bore a striking resemblance to his wife, Lisa, who had to step in and help at a crucial moment. Actress Lisa, like her husband, was also a trained and talented dancer. They married in 1975 and their union survived the external pressures of Hollywood and the internal challenges of Swayze's battles with mental health issues and alcoholism. They were a team in everything, including Swayze's career. Few realise that the couple both worked tirelessly together behind the scenes on all his projects - including the Dirty Dancing script. In his autobiography The Time of My Life, Swayze paid tribute to his wife's contributions, even to things he didn't necessarily want to acknowledge from script issues to sex scenes. Swayze said: "Whether rewriting scripts or honing my performance, she and I have worked together on every movie I have ever done - she has an amazing ear for dialogue, a great sense of story and knows how to zero in on performance. "More importantly, she's absolutely truthful, even if it's something I don't want to hear." They worked on the Dirty Dancing, inserting the scene where Johnny has a fight with the sleazy waiter, and spending all night polishing his final big speech. Two years later, when it came to Road House, Swayze found himself struggling with the intimacy of crucial sex scenes with Lynch. It was Lisa who coached her husband to be sexier and wilder and let his passion show on screen. She worked with him on intensifying his chemistry with Lynch and the physicality of their sex scenes. In fact, the resulting scenes became so physically demanding, the actress had to request padding to prevent injury. Lynch told AV Club:"They really liked everything about the way that scene looked, with the blonde hair against the rocks behind me, but I was like, 'Isn’t this kind of… mean?' So they put a thin padding under my dress, so you can’t see it. But he’s still slamming me against the rocks, so I had to be careful not to hit my head. Thank God Patrick was so strong. He could’ve carried me around that room forever." DON'T MISSJudy Garland Wizard of Oz horrors began on setElvis confessed two greatest dreams that never came true in interviewTop Gun: Val Kilmer joy at particular Tom Cruise moment on screen Hilariously, the scenes have followed Lynch around ever since, thanks to a running gag between actor Bill Murray and her husband, writer and producer Mitch Glazer. Lynch said:"Every time Road House is on and he or one of his idiot brothers are watching TV – and they’re always watching TV – one of them calls my husband and says (in a reasonable approximation of Carl Spackler from Caddyshack), 'Kelly's having sex with Patrick Swayze right now. They’re doing it. He's throwing her against the rocks." ROAD HOUSE IS ON CHANNEL 5 AT 10.05PM