Many benefit claimants have not been paid enough due to errors, with some having the exact opposite problem and facing clawbacks by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). They accidentally underpaid 1.2 percent of benefits in the year leading up to April 2022, according to latest figures. It means thousands of Britons struggling to survive could be due a backdated payout. However some claimants were paid too much. DWP overpaid benefits by £8.6billion in the period meaning some people will need to pay this back. Underpayments and overpayments happen due to mistakes by DWP, councils, HMRC, fraud and claimants making errors. As the cost of living crisis continues and inflation sits at nine percent, families on low incomes who may be feeling the financial squeeze are urged to check if they qualify for any cash back as it could prove to be a lifeline.  READ MORE: 'Racked in fear' - Man 'cried his eyes out' after hackers stole £18,000 in devious scam  Pension Credit was overpaid by £350million, but there were £100million of underpayments too. A DWP spokesperson said this was mainly down to claimants making errors but added that where the DWP was at fault, errors were being rectified. The spokesperson said: “Rates of underpayment remain very low, at 1.2 percent, with claimant error accounting for the majority of that figure. “Where errors do occur, we are committed to identifying and rectifying them, ensuring people receive all the support to which they are entitled.”  If someone thinks the DWP has underpaid them, they can contact them to enquire. But usually the DWP will spot the problem and pay someone what they are owed as a lump sum. For example, Universal Credit claimants can call a helpline on 0800 328 5644 or use their online account. If someone thinks they have not had the correct state pension amount, they should contact the Pensions Service arm of the DWP directly.  Britons can call on 0800 731 0469, but be aware that the lines are only open from 9.30am to 3.30pm Monday to Friday. Almost £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits, something campaigners are highlighting as millions of Britons struggle to make ends meet. The best way to check benefits entitlement is to use an online benefits calculator, such as ones hosted by Policy In Practice, entitledto and Turn2us. Claiming Universal Credit and Pension Credit can also act as a gateway benefit for additional financial support in the form of free prescriptions and help towards energy bills.