Manchester United have tabled a big £55million bid for Porto star Evanilson, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is keen to land a new striker this summer to ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo as the veteran approaches the twilight years of his career. And the Dutchman also knows the Red Devils require a replacement for Edinson Cavani, who has left the club after two years at Old Trafford. Manchester United saw Ronaldo shine last season, with the Portugal international scoring 24 goals across all competitions following his blockbuster return from Juventus. But with the 37-year-old approaching the end of his glittering career, the Red Devils know they need somebody to ease the responsibility on his shoulders. Now, according to O Jogo, United have bid an initial £51m for Porto star Evanilson - as well as offering another £4m in add-ons. It’s stated, however, that the Portuguese side have turned down their offer as they look to keep hold of the 22-year-old. Porto have already lost Fabio Vieira, with the midfielder moving to the Premier League with Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez And they’re also primed to lose Vitinha, too, with Paris Saint-Germain currently in pole position to secure the player’s signature. United, though, will ‘continue to press’ for the forward - who scored 14 goals in 30 Primeira Liga appearances last term. He managed an impressive 21 goals overall, propelling his side to title glory in the process and winning the top flight’s Forward of the Month back in January. United are poised to land a new marksman following the departure of Cavani, who is keen to experience a new challenge in La Liga. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable pending a police investigation, having last featured for the club in the 1-0 win over West Ham in January. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen And there’s uncertainty surrounding the future of Anthony Martial, too, who has regressed alarmingly over the past 18 months. United have raided Porto twice in recent years. Diogo Dalot moved from the Portuguese side back in the summer transfer window of 2018, back when Jose Mourinho was manager. And United landed Alex Telles two years ago, though the experienced Brazilian is yet to live up to expectations in the Premier League. Evanilson would also become the latest Brazilian player to join the club. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Under Sir Alex Ferguson, United had the likes of Kleberson, Rafael and Fabio Da Silva and Rodrigo Possebon on their books. And, since the Scot’s retirement, both Telles and Fred have touched down at Old Trafford. As well as Evanilson, the Red Devils are also pushing to land Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. But there’s still no end to that saga, with United expected to table a new offer for the Netherlands international this week. Regarding United’s recruitment, John O’Shea urged his old side to get their transfer business right this summer to give Ten Hag the best possible chance of achieving success. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Everyone knows it’s going to be a huge challenge,” he said. “You need results too. It’s going to be a case of what players he can get in. That will ultimately be the key. “He looks like he has got that hunger and appetite to really compete at the top from his first press conference, which I thought was quite impressive.” United have wasted nearly £1billion since the departure of Ferguson nine years ago. But Richard Arnold, who replaced Ed Woodward as Red Devils supremo earlier in the year, believes the club are now better-placed when it comes to acquiring the right players.