Darwin Nunez has privately told Benfica he wants to join Liverpool this summer, according to reports in Portugal as Anfield chiefs begin to ramp up their pursuit of the Uruguayan goal machine. Speculation regarding the future of the 22-year-old is intensifying with every day that goes by and the Reds are now starting to firm up their interest in a blockbuster summer deal. Liverpool, as always, feel they will not be held to ransom though with Benfica currently valuing the player at £85million. However, there is now noise in England that the Reds could even be prepared to smash their transfer record in order to get a deal over the line. Virgil van Dijk's £75m move from Southampton in January 2018 is currently the most-expensive signing in Liverpool's history but that could soon be about to change. Express Sport has been able to confirm that the Reds are now at the table, although nothing more than that has been disclosed at this stage - despite reports elsewhere. JUST IN: Liverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transfer The club's new sporting director Julian Ward is the figure at the centre of Liverpool's discussions with Benfica. Meanwhile, Manchester United are continuing to circle too but according to Record in Portugal, there is only one club for Nunez. It's understood he has privately told Benfica that Liverpool are his destination of choice, in what serves as a major blow to Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman wanted to make Nunez one of his first signings at Old Trafford but now United will have their work cut out trying to edge Liverpool to a deal. READ MORELiverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting READ MORE Man Utd can pay £2m more for better signing if Ajax star Jurrien Timber snubs transfer Benfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposal Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Arsenal have also previously shown interest but the Gunners appear to be pursuing other, cheaper targets at this stage. Atletico Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, Newcastle and West Ham are amongst the other clubs to have previously shown an interest in Nunez. The departure of Sadio Mane could ultimately hold the key to any deal for Liverpool as Bayern Munich prepare to up their offer for the Senegal international. Bayern have already seen their opening bid - worth £21m plus £4m in add-ons - rejected by the Champions League finalists, who will not accept low-ball offers for the sake of offloading the player. Mane wants to join the Bundesliga champions but will have to wait until his current club strike a deal with Bayern. Hasan Salihamidzic, Bayern's sporting director, is expected to fly to Merseyside next week to try and close the deal. Liverpool are seeking closer to £40m in order to agree to a sale and any figure they receive will almost certainly go towards a huge push for Nunez. The Reds do also have a number of alternative targets in mind, in case a move for the South American striker fails to materialise.