The picture, posted on her Instagram, featured a number of working members of the Royal Family on the balcony of Buckingham Palace after the Platinum Pageant. While it is not known whether the crop was intentional, royal watchers were quick to point out the Duchess, 40, is missing. One commenter even speculated that Princess Eugenie "doesn't like Kate." Writing on Twitter, Terry (@booji410) said: "Maybe she doesn’t like Kate and didn’t want her in the picture. "What’s wrong with that." Another, @alfrehedman, agreed, writing: "She did it to let people see who did she has cropped. "Obviously she don't get along with those two." Others praised the Princess for the move, with ToKa (@rktorrero) writing: "Now I like Eugene even more." Shan Erith (@SianErith) added: "WELL done, Eugenie! Well done!" Meanwhile, Efuru (@realfranzprusse) added: "Eugenie is exhibiting an uncommon strength of character independence. I love it!" Another, @DuchessJRM, joked: "Love it! Eugenie isn’t playing". READ MORE: Eugenie delights fans with rare behind-scenes video of baby August But others speculated that the crop was just an accident. One Twitter user, @swhspeaks wrote: "I’m sure she just didn’t know how to use the sizing arrows when posting multiple photos. "Harmless operator error." And Bärí A. Williams, Esq. added: "None of this means she doesn't like Kate (or Camilla, who is also cropped out). DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew seen for first time since having Covid [PICTURES] 'Squad depth!' Lady Louise leads royals who could see roles changed [ANALYSIS] Kate's reaction to Meghan Markle exposed as Duchesses reunited [REVEAL] "She just focused on the people she is actually related to." Princess Eugenie posted the photo on Instagram alongside other images from the Jubilee. In the caption, she paid tribute to her "grannie", the Queen. She wrote: "Thank you, Your Majesty, Grannie, for 70 years of service, selflessness and dedication. "You are such a shining light for us all. "Just a final roundup of some epic moments of the most special weekend that I was so honoured to be a part of. "From The Birthday Parade, to celebrating with @edencommunities in Paddington for their #bigjubileelunch to showing Augie the colourful pageant and ending cheering loudly for this remarkable woman."