The figure jumped by £15million to surge past £100million for the first time, with the multi-million-pound renovation of Buckingham Palace helping to drive up the bill. Spending on that project stood at £63.9million - up £14.4million on the previous year - as work was ramped in preparation for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this month. The Sovereign Grant report showed that as in-person royal visits resumed following the Covid pandemic, their travel costs more than tripled from £1.3million to £4.5million. The trip by Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge to the Caribbean, where the Duke of Cambridge admitted he had not been alive to anti-monarchy sentiment in Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, cost around £226,000 in flights and accommodation. READ MORE: Meghan's interview will leave Netflix and Spotify 'pulling hair out' But Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are now paying for themselves, with Prince Charles no longer funding them after they relinquished their royal duties when moving abroad in 2020. Since then, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have signed deals totalling around £100million with online streaming giants Netflix and Spotify. Reacting to the report, journalist Lorraine King raged: "The Royal Family cost us taxpayers £102.4m last year.  "This includes Prince William and Kate’s ill-fated Caribbean trip which cost us £226k. "Can we get a refund? "Meanwhile Harry and Meghan cost us NOTHING because they independently fund themselves." William and Kate's visit to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas in March cost roughly £226,000, but the royal couple came in for heavy criticism during the tour, with critics labelling it a "throwback to Britain’s colonial past". READ MORE: Prince Louis’s last name to change in bizarre Royal Family tradition They surprised many by travelling in an open top Land Rover driven by a Jamaican soldier during a military parade. Following the visit, William said in a statement: "Tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much. "This tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. In Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon." In contrast, Meghan and Harry cost the UK taxpayer absolutely nothing after they gave up their duties as working members of the Royal Family after moving abroad in 2020. DON'T MISSWilliam lost hilarious nickname as he quit 'hot-headed' behaviour [COMMENTS]Huge crowds as Charles and Anne arrive at Scotland's Thistle Service [PICTURES]How much does Royal Family cost YOU as a taxpayer? 2022 figures [ANALYSIS] Elsewhere, the report revealed the Queen’s royal train cost £100,000 for just three outings last year but according to royal sources, it is now exclusively powered by “hydro treated vegetable oil”. Delivering the Sovereign Grant Report, Keeper of the Privy Purse, Sir Michael Stevens, said: "There was a significant increase in work against a hard deadline to enable Buckingham Palace to be at the centre of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "We were pleased to deliver against our plans.” Sir Michael added: "The year was not without operational and financial challenges. "Covid meant we had another year in which access to the Royal Palaces was restricted for The Royal Collection Trust, which again affected our ability to help self-finance our work on behalf of the nation."