Deontay Wilder has announced that he is releasing a music single with his brother, ahead of his comeback to boxing. Wilder last featured in the ring in October last year, where he lost to long-time rival Tyson Fury, thanks to an 11th round knockout. After a long period out of the boxing limelight, the American star announced that he was set to make a return to the sport, after initial rumours suggested he was ready to retire and hang up his gloves. Wilder confirmed his return when speaking at a ceremony to unveil a life-size statue of himself in his hometown Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Speaking about ‘continuing his journey’ he said: “This moment of time, my goodness. In the midst of this journey, I’m being blessed. It’s not like I’m retired and it’s been ten, twenty years. This is now that I’m getting my flowers. "I can’t stop right now. I must continue with my journey. love you guys so much. I can’t end it like this. This journey isn't over with. I must continue my journey.” His return to boxing though is not the only big announcement the Bronze Bomber has confirmed in recent days, after also revealing he is making a move into the music scene. JUST IN: Deontay Wilder told to stay away from two fighters and warned over heavyweight comeback  In a post on Instagram, Wilder confirmed that he will be releasing a single alongside his brother Marsellos on the 19th of June. He wrote on social media: “I wanted to feel good this summer while relaxing doing the things I love and listening to some good ole Vibing Music. I knew just what I wanted so I created it. "The mind is a very powerful tool when used correctly. I’m sharing with you my passion and gift. I hope you enjoy it. I present to you Everytime. My brother @wilderworld2 Release: June 19th Early gift: June 10th Streaming on all major platforms.” DON'T MISSBoxer throws punches at thin air in frightening footage after knocking rival through ropes'My dad WAS the Greatest... angel on Earth' Hana Ali recalls boxing legendJake Paul vs Tommy Fury update as Eddie Hearn divulges what he's 'heard' about fight Ahead of his return to the ring, it remains to be seen who Wilder will take on in the uber-competitive heavyweight division. His old foe Fury is set to hang his gloves up after defending his WBC title - formerly owned by Wilder - against Dillian Whyte in April at Wembley Stadium. Discussing who the Bronze Bomber could take on, renowned trainer Stephen Edwards believes he would be too strong for Fury’s last opponent Whyte. He told BoxingScene: “I’ve always believed Wilder would’ve KO'd Whyte within two rounds… I let people say whatever they wanted about Wilder ducking him. It’s just a bad matchup for Whyte in my opinion. Whyte reacts too slowly to punches and he gets hit with too many big shots he doesn’t see. You can’t have that issue with Wilder or you’re going to sleep." 