Pictures from the service, at which the royal arrived with husband Jack Brooksbank in a fashionable bright orange gown, show a small circle inked behind the 32-year-old's ear. Eugenie, who is now splitting her time between London and Lisbon, wore a dress by designer Emilia Wickstead, a long-time favourite of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Like at the service of thanksgiving for the late Duke of Edinburgh in March, Princess Eugenie arrived with her sister Princess Beatrice and husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Eugenie and Beatrice, daughters of the Duke and Duchess of York, did not appear on the balcony for Trooping the Colour, as the Queen decided only working members of the Firm would watch the ceremony from there this time. Still, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's youngest daughter said she, her husband and their one-year-old son August enjoyed the first day of celebrations of the monarch's incredible milestone. Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan snub Royal Family lunch after 'frosty' reception She wrote on Instagram: "The most perfect day to celebrate 70 years." Eugenie, ahead of the Jubilee weekend, wrote a touching tribute to the 96-year-old monarch titled "I hope my son will inherit the Queen's kindness". Published in The Spectator, it read: "I have given my life to my special little family and hope to impart even an inch of the values my grandmother has lived her life by. "I think about my son August and what I'd like for him, what kind of world I'd like him to grow up in."  She added: "And I think of my grannie and what she has stood for, for so many people and for our family during these 70 years. "I'd love Augie to have her patience, her calmness and her kindness, while always being able to laugh at himself and keep a twinkle in his eye." Eugenie is 12th in line to the throne. Every time she has spoken of her grandmother in public, the two women's closeness has become evident, and although is a non-working royal, she still spends a significant amount of time with the Queen. DON'T MISSQueen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [REPORT]Should the Jubilee always be a bank holiday in the UK? [POLL]How the Express reported the Queen's accession 70 years ago [INSIGHT] The Queen was one of the only people Eugenie told about her engagement to Mr Brooksbank – before her cousins William and Harry, her friends, and the rest of the Royal Family. She said in her engagement interview with the BBC's The One Show: "Grannie actually knew right at the beginning, she was one of the very few people." Because of their tight connection, it is thought Eugenie's presence at St Paul's Cathedral was important to represent the monarch in face of her absence after it was announced yesterday she would not be able to attend. The Queen, Buckingham Palace said on Friday afternoon, "regrettably" pulled out of the event as it is believed she experienced episodic mobility issues during yesterday's celebrations. The Palace said in a statement "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend."