An old letterbox caught Philip's eye as he prowled an antique shop for items on the latest instalment of BBC's Antiques Road Trip. However, his gut instinct was wrong and he was left despairing when the letterbox went to auction and lost him a significant £85. The antique specialist said he was "wounded" by the loss as he watched the auction from afar. Exploring the items in a shop, Philip came across a box which in the past would have been used to write and store letters. "See I really love things like this because they tell a story," he stated. "You know, cast your mind back to the television series Downton. "This is Edwardian, so it probably is of that period. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist "This has come from a slightly lesser house than Downton, but nonetheless, this would have sat in the hall, on a hall table. "The thing that absolutely makes it for me, is this slit along the top because this is a country house letterbox. "So you would be staying for the weekend with your friends, you might choose to write a letter. "You'd probably get your envelope from one of these little pigeonholes and your paper from here, you would write it, stamp might be in the bottom drawer."  He added: "You would then drop them in here and at the end of the day, the hall porter or the footman of the house would have come along, would have opened up this cupboard and taken the mail out, and made sure it made the post." The price was a whopping £375, but with a big of haggling, Philip was able to lower it. "However, it's got a problem it's got this gash along the top here," he explained. "It's not up to the quality of everything else in this shop." DON'T MISS... Prince Charles rejected EastEnders' Kim Fox star's offer 'to stay for  [LATEST]Death in Paradise theory: Commissioner to meet daughter at Christmas? [THEORY]Springwatch backlash as fans fume at Megan McCubbin's 'shag' innuendo [REACTION] When he pointed this out to the shop owner, he was able to buy it for just £150. As Philip and Izzie Balmer later watched the auction taking place via a video, the expert came to regret his decision. "Hopefully it will be a first-class lot," he joked to Izzie as his item appeared. The auctioneer started at £50 but after climbing to £60, the price couldn't be budged. "This is not first-class, is it?" Philip commented glumly. "No, it's not even really second, is it?" Izzie added. Eventually, the auctioneer stopped at £65. "Oh no!" Philip yelled as the item slipped away before his eyes, taking with it a big loss. "I shall sell, there's no further bid, it's going down for £65," the auctioneer called. "That is a return to sender, isn't it?" Philip remarked, confessing: "I'm wounded now Izzie, I'm wounded." Antiques Road Trip continues on Wednesday at 4.30pm on BBC One.