Martin Lewis, Money Saving Expert, has explained the key benefits of Pension Credit and how Britons could gain support. It comes as the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) marks Pension Credit Day of Action. It makes up part of a new advertising campaign to encourage increased take-up of the benefit among pensioners. The financial expert has suggested the money from Pension Credit is essential, particularly given the current circumstances. Many pensioners are facing soaring energy bills, and a state pension which has not kept pace with inflation despite rising by 3.1 percent this year. Martin said: “Amidst the cost of living crisis, it’s a national tragedy that getting on for a million pensioners are missing out on a major income boost. READ MORE: Don't click! Post scams including DHL, EVRI and DPD ripping off Britons - essential signs “My simple rule of thumb is if you (or someone you know) are aged 66 or older, and have total income of under roughly £200 a week, get online or call the Pension Credit claim line to see if you’re due a payment that can be as much as £3,300 a year. “I’m not saying everyone will get it, but many will, and it only takes a few minutes to find out. “So don’t stall, just call!” Martin has said Pension Credit not only offers Britons “serious money” but the chance to secure other entitlements such as a free TV licence for over 75s, and the £650 extra energy funding help. DON'T MISSPension alert: You face a test at 75 which will determine tax [ANALYSIS]'Not enough to live on!' Carer, 62, laments state pension sum [EXCLUSIVE]‘My heart dropped!’ Woman, 65, on PIP loses £1,000 to vicious scam [WARNING] To claim Pension Credit, Britons will need to have certain information to hand. This includes: Individuals can apply for Pension Credit any time after they reach state pension age. However, their application can only be backdated by three months. It means Britons can get up to three months of Pension Credit in their first payment if they were eligible during that time. There are various ways to apply for Pension Credit, as Martin has highlighted, which suit different circumstances. The online service is perhaps the easiest, and is available through the Government’s website. It is only available to those who have already applied for their state pension. Alternatively, Britons can apply by phone themselves, or a friend or family member on their behalf if they cannot use the phone. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The relevant claim line is 0800 99 1234 or textphone 0800 169 0133 - with other forms of contact available on the Government website. This can be done from Monday to Friday 8am to 6pm. Britons can also apply for Pension Credit by post, and this will involve printing out and filling in the Pension Credit claim form, or calling the line to request a form. After this, pensioners will need to send the claim form to the Pension Service, or ask someone to do it for them. The address is: The Pension Service 9 Post Handling Site B Wolverhampton WV99 1AN Guy Opperman, minister for pensions, said: “We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority. “We’re calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support, which could make a huge difference to people’s everyday lives."