Andrea Jud, 39, found the disturbing, mummified-looking eyeless corpse bearing its dagger-like teeth on a beach at Gabr el-Bint, on Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. Just like the terrifying xenomorphs from the Alien franchise, the bizarre beast had two sets of jaws — one nestled within the other — to help it consume its prey. Ms Jud said: “I didn’t touch it. Just looking at it made me feel uneasy. It freaked me out. It looked like a Lord of the Rings Orc.” A further enigma came from where the weird creature was found — some 40 feet inland, well beyond the reach of the waves. Ms Jud, a Swiss development consultant, added: “I was camping with a bunch of friends, we had hiked to the location along the coast from Dahab. “I saw it early in the morning when I was walking back from the shore. “It looked really dead — the skin was dry and dark grey and patchy. It has a distinctive head, with an open mouth showing sharp teeth. “There was an opening further back on the head where one would suspect the ears, but it might have been the gills.” She continued: “I could not see any eyes. The body was long and curved, with the end pointing up towards the head, like a seahorse. “I was surprised at how big it was — maybe the length of my arm — and the head was bigger than my fist. “It was gruesome to look at, and reminded me of the reality of death. My initial impression was that it was a being who suffered a rather horrible death. “I couldn't figure out what kind of creature it was.” READ MORE: UK farmers on red alert as pigs struck with mystery illness Looking for answers, Ms Jud shared photos of the creepy corpse with a marine identification group on Facebook. Some of the answers provided back were imaginative, to say the least. One person proposed it might be a “baby Loch Ness monster”, with other tongue-in-cheek suggestions including “the stuff of nightmares” and the “Demogorgon” from the Netflix series “Stranger Things”. More serious respondents argued that the second set of teeth — “pharyngeal jaws”, as they are technically known — may provide a diagnostic clue. Moray eels, which are found in the Red Sea, are known to sport pharyngeal jaws, which they use to drag prey caught in the main jaws towards the back of the throat, to be swallowed. DON'T MISS:UK's first gigafactory to 'ramp up production' as it strikes EV deal [REPORT]UK facing EXODUS after Sturgeon unveils new independence plan [INSIGHT]Russia has 'insufficient numbers' to support Ukraine invasion [ANALYSIS] Regardless of the true nature of the strange-looking creature, exactly how it perished — and how it ended up so far from the shoreline — may remain one of life’s little mysteries. Ms Jud said: “It was too far inwards to have been pushed there by waves, as far as I know. “The locals were fishing nearby and it might have been caught by them. “But it was not near the other traces of fishing like sea shells. It was just alone.”