Chelsea are desperately pursuing defensive reinforcements this summer as they prepare for life without influential centre-backs Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen, who are set to leave the club when their contracts expire at the end of the month. The Blues have been linked with big-money moves for Juventus ace Matthijs de Ligt and Sevilla star Jules Kounde. But with deals for wingers Raheem Sterling and Raphinha in the pipeline, Chelsea might be forced to offload some players to raise transfer funds. And Express Sport takes a look at four stars who the Blues could sell. Timo Werner Chelsea shelled out prodigious sums of cash to prise Timo Werner away from RB Leipzig two years ago. But the 26-year-old has failed to live up to expectations at Stamford Bridge and has been unable to rack up the number of goals and assists Blues chiefs would have been hoping for when they signed him. If Sterling and Raphinha do put pen-to-paper on deals in west London, the Germany international could be surplus to requirements. And boss Thomas Tuchel could sanction a move away for the flop. Christian Pulisic Another winger who has failed to have the impact he would have liked at Stamford Bridge is Christian Pulisic. The USA international has looked excellent at times since joining the Blues from Borussia Dortmund in 2019. READ MORE: Man Utd 'agree fee' with Barcelona as De Jong transfer moves closer   But he has suffered with a string of injury problems and has been forced to sit on the sidelines for long periods. And that has made it impossible for him to make himself an invaluable part of the Chelsea attack. Tuchel could now be thinking that Pulisic is best off looking for a fresh start. And the German could expect a decent fee for the 23-year-old. Kepa Arrizabalaga Kepa Arrizabalaga has suffered a professional nightmare since moving to Stamford Bridge from Athletic Bilbao in 2018. The Blues shelled out a staggering £71m for Arrizabalaga - the highest fee ever paid for a goalkeeper. But he looked out of his depth in the Premier League and was soon replaced by Edouard Mendy. The 27-year-old still has three years remaining on his current contract. But if another club are willing to make a suitable offer, the Blues would surely be happy to cut ties with him. DON'T MISS Chelsea handed major boost in pursuit of Dembele after Barcelona talks Man Utd handed De Jong boost as Barcelona 'close deal' for replacement Newcastle 'hold Raphinha transfer talks' complicating multiple moves  Marcos Alonso Left-back Marcos Alonso has enjoyed some memorable performances in a Chelsea shirt over the last six years and played 46 times for his club last season. But the 31-year-old is behind Ben Chilwell in the pecking order and is likely to be starved of game time this season if the England international stays fit. Alonso has been linked with a move away from the capital this summer. And Tuchel might think the Spaniard is worth sacrificing if a move will bolster the Chelsea transfer kitty. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 