The outspoken commentator attacked Thomas Markle in a blistering tirade after it emerged the retired Hollywood lighting director has left hospital to recover from a stroke. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu said the Duchess of Sussex’s estranged father “stopped being a father to Meghan a long time ago”, branding him a “sperm donor”.  Mr Markle, who has been estranged from his daughter since her Royal Wedding and has never met his son-in-law Prince Harry, was rushed to hospital after suffering a stroke last month. Just days before the 77-year-old revealed he was planning to fly to the UK to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. But Dr Mos-Shogbamimu hit back telling Mr Markle to leave his daughter alone. She tweeted: “When Thomas Markle dies without his daughter, Meghan Markle, at his side he has nobody to blame but himself. “He will reap what he sowed. “We can’t choose our parents but we can choose to have peace of mind. #MeghanMarkle has made her peace and moved on from her wicked father.  READ MORE: Meghan should spend time with her sick father, says CAROLE MALONE “Thomas Markle stopped being a father to Meghan long ago. Now he’s just a sperm donor so leave #meghanmarkle alone.” Meghan, 40, is reported to have reached out to her father to end their four-year feud after he suffered a stroke. The duchess has been estranged from the former lighting director, who lives in Rosarito, Mexico, since he was caught staging paparazzi photographs ahead of her and Harry's 2018 wedding.  DON'T MISS 'Stop PR attack!' Meghan's half-brother erupts over dad's treatment [OPINION]Meghan Markle should ‘do the right thing’ and visit her father [COMMENT]Richard Madeley blasted for 's*** stirring' in Meghan Markle GMB chat [VIDEO] He was also forced to pull out of walking his daughter down the aisle at her Royal Wedding following complications after heart surgery. Since then, he has spoken out about his daughter and son-in-law in a series of explosive interviews. The 77-year-old had been planning to fly to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in a desperate bid to meet members of the Royal Family and his grandchildren - Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana - for the first time.  He is now understood to be recovering at home after suffering from a stroke. Mr Markle said: “I feel hugely grateful and know how lucky I am to be alive. I want to thank everyone, especially the wonderful doctors and nurses who saved my life.  “I have been deeply moved by loving messages I’ve received from all over the world. I can’t speak right now, but I am working hard and will thank people properly when I can.” Speaking of his planned visit to the UK, which he has been forced to cancel, he said: “I wanted to come to pay my respects to the Queen. I wish her a happy Jubilee and many more years.”