Arsenal are now discussing personal terms with Gabriel Jesus after striking a 'verbal agreement' with Manchester City over a £45million deal for the Brazilian international striker, reports claim. The 25-year-old is now closing in on a move to the Emirates Stadium after five years at the Etihad Stadium, where he has won four Premier League titles, three League Cups and the FA Cup under Pep Guardiola following his arrival from Palmeiras in January 2017.  Arsenal have identified Jesus as their top striker target and long-term replacement for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang after missing out of Dusan Vlahovic back in January when the Serbian opted to join Juventus from Fiorentina. And now there has been positive developments in their attempts to strike a deal with City and the transfer looks a matter of when not if... According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Arsenal are now working on a personal terms agreement with the striker and his representatives ahead of a proposed switch to north London. A deal worth a 'guaranteed £45m' has now reportedly been verbally agreed between the two clubs after over a week of negotiations. READ MORE: Leeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle Arsenal were prepared to try again after their initial offer - worth £35m plus add-ons - was rejected by City, who are inclined to sell the forward following the arrivals of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez. Gunners chief Edu has been in contact with Jesus' reps since the conclusion of the season and Arsenal remained confident he would still want to join despite their failure to secure Champions League football. Tottenham have since distanced themselves from reports linking them with a move for the Selecao attacker, who has also been offered to Chelsea and Real Madrid. But now there is light at the end of the tunnel for Arsenal after a busy week of transfer talks over several targets. DON'T MISSLeeds 'identify Arsenal target' as Raphinha replacement as Tottenham ready opening bidMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League strikerLeeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circle A bid was also rejected by Leeds for Raphinha on Tuesday and Arsenal are expected to return with an improved offer for the 25-year-old winger. Raphinha, alongside Jesus, has been identified as among Arsenal's transfer priorities this summer, although Tottenham are also in the mix for the Leeds man. While Guardiola would like to keep Jesus, he is unable to offer him assurances of game time having previously declared he would not stand in the striker's way on the exit door. It's believed Jesus will now be an Arsenal player within the next seven to 10 days. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer Arsenal's transfer window exploded into life last week when they moved quickly to wrap up the signing of Fabio Vieira from Porto. Meanwhile, City are closing in on another big deal in the form of Leeds midfielder Kalvin Phillips. A £42m agreement is believed to be in place, although the deal could reach £45m with add-ons.