Barcelona are considering replacing Ousmane Dembele with outgoing Paris Saint-Germain star Angel Di Maria as the Spanish giants draw up a Raphinha contingency plan. The cash-strapped Catalan club are expected to lose Dembele to Chelsea this summer and appear to have expanded their search for his successor.  According to Mundo Deportivo, Barcelona have been offered the chance to sign Di Maria on a free transfer following confirmation from the 34-year-old that he will depart PSG after seven years in the French capital, this summer. The Blaugrana are understood to be in the market for a new winger as they anticipate the exit of contract rebel Dembele. The French forward has continued to resist the club's attempts to commit to a new deal and, with a contract extension now appearing unlikely, the La Liga side are set to lose the 25-year-old for free this summer - five years after shelling out a staggering £135million to Borussia Dortmund for his services. Barcelona have been heavily linked with acquiring Leeds star Raphinha as Dembele's replacements, however Di Maria's availability appears to have thrown a spanner in the works. The Spanish outlet claim that Barcelona will only consider the Argentine ace should they fail to land Raphinha this summer. However, given the club's financial complications, signing Di Maria on a free transfer seems a far more viable option than splashing out on the Leeds attacker, who the Premier League side are reluctant to lose for less than £47m. READ MORE: Bayern Munich may have shot themselves in foot with rejected Liverpool Sadio Mane bid  Former Real Madrid winger Di Maria was understood to be closing in a switch to Juventus, but reports in Spain claim the wide-man is stalling over a move as he holds out for a La Liga return with Barcelona. The Spanish side's summer transfer plans very much depend on Dembele and Chelsea, though. There remains a chance the World Cup winner will commit his future to Barcelona, who reportedly wait to learn of his response to their latest offer, but it appears increasingly likely he will leave the Nou Camp in the coming weeks. Should he do so, Chelsea appear the most likely destination, which would subsequently leave Barcelona with a decision to make over Raphinha and Di Maria. DON'T MISSEverton target 'very popular' with Toffees transfer officials with £17m asking price set [REPORT]Man Utd 'ready to pay £69m' for Frenkie de Jong as Barcelona 'willing to hand over' player [RUMOUR]Man Utd can repeat Bruno Fernandes trick with star Pep Guardiola branded 'best in world' [TRANSFERS]  The latter is understood to be aware that he isn't Barcelona first choice, however views the club's crippling financial crisis as a factor which could play into his hands. Speaking ahead of Di Maria's final match for PSG last month, the French club's president Nasser Al-Khelaifi paid tribute to the Argentine for his legacy with the Ligue 1 outfit. "He has shown an unfailing commitment to defend our colours," Al-Khelaifi declared. "He will be remembered by supporters as a player with an irreproachable state of mind."  