Despite the dark backdrop of spiralling living costs, buyer demand for properties remains relatively strong, being more than double (+113 percent) the pre-pandemic five-year May average, according to Rightmove. However, while interest is high, buyers have been urged to act quickly - within the next couple of weeks - if they want to secure a property in time for Christmas. A conveyancing log jam means it’s currently taking an average of 150 days to complete a purchase after agreeing a sale. According to Rightmove, this is taking approximately 50 days longer than this same time in 2019. This means, for those who are hoping to secure a deal by the end of the year will need to come to market in the next few weeks to give themselves the best chance to find a buyer and complete the transaction in time. Rightmove’s director of property science Tim Bannister said: “Existing homeowners looking to buy again will still need to put themselves in the best possible position to secure their next home in this strong market by making sure they find a buyer for their current property before looking for their next home. READ MORE: Is the housing market turning? Good news for buyers  “This is all the more important for those hoping to complete the process as quickly as possible and enjoy Christmas in a new home this year. “It’s therefore important to act now and get in touch with a local estate agent to give yourself the best possible chance of being in your new home for Christmas.” Rightmove said there are currently more than 500,000 homes sold subject to contract, an unusually large figure nearly double what it was pre-pandemic (44 percent). Although house prices have reached a five consecutive month high, data shows demand is in fact softening.  Average prices of property coming to market currently sits at an eyewatering £368,614, but this is a slightly more modest increase than other months, as it only reflects a 0.3 percent rise - indicating a slow in growth. Buyer demand has reduced to eight percent since May, which is a likely influence of affordability constraints compounded by rocketing living costs, according to Rightmove experts. Rightmove’s director of property science Tim Bannister said: “The exceptional pace of the market is easing a little, as demand gradually softens and price rises begin to slow, which is very much to be expected given the many record-breaking numbers over the past two years. “When we look at the number of buyers contacting estate agents compared to 2019 or the pre-pandemic five-year average, demand is still very high compared to what was once considered normal. DON'T MISS: What Britons can buy for the average house price of £268k in the UK [ANALYSIS]Staggering amount Brits can save on bills by installing a log burner [INSIGHT]‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value [EXPLAINED]    “We’re hearing from agents that though they might have had slightly fewer enquirers for each property in recent months, they’re still seeing significant interest from multiple buyers and are achieving successful sales. “Entering the second half of the year, we anticipate some further slowdown in the pace of price rises, particularly given the worsening affordability challenges that people are facing. “We expect this to bring the annual rate of price growth down from the current 9.7 percent towards the five percent increase that Rightmove predicted at the beginning of the year.”  Anthony Codling, CEO of property platform Twindig told Express.co.uk: “The reduction in new buyer enquiries if sustained, will take some of the heat out of the housing market. “However, demand for homes is currently outstripping the number of homes for sale, so house prices are unlikely to fall, but the rate of house price inflation is likely to slow. “Should buyer demand continue to fall and we reach a situation of more sellers than buyers, then house prices will fall, but we are not there yet.” 