The eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson visited the Dragon School in Oxford, attended by property developer Edoardo. There, Princess Beatrice unveiled a new bee hive. The school's headmistress, Emma Goldsmith, said: "The Princess kindly unveiled a new bee hive which will house a new queen bee and her colony." This quiet visit took place as Beatrice took part in several events during the extended bank holiday weekend in which the country celebrated the historic 70 years on the throne of the Queen. On the first day of celebrations, she was with Edoardo and other royals in the Major General's office to watch the Trooping the Colour parade. On the following day, the loved-up pair headed to St Paul's Cathedral for the national service of thanksgiving for the Jubilee. On June 4, Beatrice and Edoardo were spotted in the royal box located near Buckingham Palace as they watched the Party at the Palace concert. And on the last day of the celebrations, Beatrice teamed up with her sister Princess Eugenie as they visited a street party in the borough of Westminster. The royals were spotted playing bowling and learning how to plate spin from a street performer. During the Big Jubilee Lunch event, Beatrice was filmed speaking to a member of the public. READ MORE: Prince Harry mocked by Montecito author after trip to UK with Meghan A clip from that conversation quickly went viral as it showed the royal paying a sweet tribute to her grandmother the Queen. After being asked who she was, Beatrice kindly replied: "My name's Beatrice and the queen is my granny." The lady added: "You're one of the royalties? What relation are you?" To which Beatrice said: "Yes, she is my granny." After being told she was lucky, Beatrice agreed, saying: "Yes, she's my granny. I'm very, very lucky." Hours later, Beatrice and Eugenie returned to the royal box for the last event planned for the Jubilee weekend - the Platinum Jubilee pageant. The couple was last seen in public on Tuesday, when they attended the first day of races at Royal Ascot. Given Beatrice, much like her royal grandmother, is a major fan of the event, she will likely return to the racecourse over the next few days. News of Beatrice's visit to Oxford comes after the Telegraph published a claim Prince Andrew has been pushing for his daughters to be made working royals. Eugenie and Beatrice hold a full HRH style and title as grandchildren of the sovereign. Beatrice is currently 10th-in-line to the throne, while her younger sister is 12th-in-line. Despite their position of relevance in the family, they aren't full-time working royals and have careers of their own. Nevertheless, both sisters support a number of charities close to their hearts. Beatrice is particularly involved with organisations putting the spotlight on dyslexia and literacy, as well as children's wellbeing. In April, she joined forces with Swedish royals Prince Carl Philip and Princess Sofia to launch the World Dyslexia Assembly.