Location, Location, Location host Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has taken to Twitter with a painful update on her condition after she accidentally swallowed an Apple AirPod. The star admitted that she had "burst some little blood vessels around my eyes" while attempting to throw up the headphone, in full view of her 428,300 followers. Kirstie explained her risky blunder earlier this week, revealing she mistook the earbud for a tablet and swallowed it down along with her other vitamins. After realising her mistake, Kirstie said she avoided a dash to the hospital by throwing up the piece of tech. “In other news I just swallowed an AirPod while downing my vitamins, I don’t recommend it,” Kirstie penned on Twitter, as she shared details of the incident. “I’ve managed to chuck it back up without having to go to hospital, but my throat is really quite sore.” READ MORE: Stacey Solomon worries fans with silence as Joe seen with blonde babe Kirstie went on to further explain to her shocked fans how the confusion had occurred, adding: “AirPods in pocket, put vitamins in pocket while getting glass of water, chucked vitamins into mouth, gulped water, go for second lot, see one AirPod in hand, check pocket, check handbag.” A Twitter user asked her if the earphone still worked afterwards. @NeilDance wrote: “My only question was did it still work?” Kirstie replied initially that she was unsure if the headphone had been damaged: “I don’t know yet, but it still smells of sick and I’m not sure about putting it in my ear. “Way too much information I know.” Some fans took Twitter to express their doubt that the situation could have even occurred. Kirstie addressed her naysayers in a bid to shut down any claims that she was lying. She wrote: “I’ll say it again, I did something totally daft which cracked me up, I shared it because it was really funny & we all need a laugh. DONT MISS:Piers Morgan fiercely defends Paul McCartney over Glastonbury backlash (PHOTOS)Deborah James ‘proud’ after 'incredible' bowel cancer campaign update (NEWS)Geri Horner and Christian fly to Glastonbury for extravagant date (LATEST) “Anyone who thinks this is an excuse for abuse is a pathetic tosser, and their response says far more about them than it does about me.” In an attempt to prove her case, the Channel 4 star shared an image of the AirPod hidden among a pile of pills to show how easy it was to mistake the earphone for one of her vitamin supplements. Alongside the snap she wrote: “See, not as daft as some might say.” @Truthines2010 commented: “I think a video showing one of these going down the hatch could put this matter to bed entirely.” Kirstie exclaimed in response: “Never again! Getting it back up was agony. “I’ve burst some little blood vessels around my eyes.”