Manchester United are poised to bring in Frenkie de Jong and Tyrell Malacia this summer. Agreements with Barcelona and Feyenoord respectively have been reached, in a major boost to Erik ten Hag. And other players could join the duo in moving to Old Trafford in this summer’s transfer window. Manchester United have had a quiet summer so far. But things appear to have moved up several notches in the short time since Ten Hag took his firs training session on Monday. United have moved to agree a fee with Barcelona for De Jong, which is expected to be in the region of £59million plus add-ons. And they’ve gazumped Lyon to steal Malacia from under their noses, with the left-back poised to provide competition for Luke Shaw next season. United know they need more reinforcements, however, with the Manchester Evening News saying they’re eying Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez and Antony as well. So Express Sport will now take a closer look at the trio, why they’re wanted and what potential shirt numbers they could take if they end up arriving. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United want to land Eriksen, despite the 30-year-old also being wanted by Brentford. The Denmark international has long been one of the best playmakers in world football, previously shining at Tottenham and Inter Milan before his short-term deal at the Community Stadium. United have missed out on Eriksen before, when he was at Spurs and Ajax, but Ten Hag is confident it’ll be third time lucky regarding this pursuit. Possible shirt number: United, providing they land the midfielder, could give him the No 24 shirt. It’s vacant and previously the jersey Eriksen wore at Inter Milan. The No 21, which he wore at Brentford, is also free but likelier to go to Frenkie de Jong instead. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen United are in the market for a new centre-back and Martinez is one name in the frame. Ten Hag believes the Argentina international can shine in the Premier League, with the duo previously achieving success together at Ajax. United are also eyeing Martinez at a time where Axel Tuanzebe, Eric Bailly and Phil Jones could all be cut loose, too. Possible shirt number: Martinez has worn the No 6 for Argentina and, given it’s available following the departure of Paul Pogba, it’s feasible he’d take it on at Old Trafford. He’s worn No 21 at Ajax over the last three years but, as stated above, it’s expected that jersey will be given to De Jong instead. No 24 is another consideration, too, with Martinez searing it at Defensa y Justicia prior to his move to Amsterdam back in 2019. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United want a versatile forward after failing to sign Darwin Nunez, who was allowed to join Liverpool instead. And Antony is their top transfer target at the current moment in time, having previously flourished under Ten Hag’s guidance over in Amsterdam. United would likely deploy him on the right-side of their attack, an area they’ve struggled with ever since the days where Cristiano Ronaldo was first at Old Trafford. If all goes to plan, the duo could end up being team-mates next term. Possible shirt number: Mason Greenwood’s future is shrouded in uncertainty and it’s possible his No 11 shirt will be given to someone else. Antony has worn that number at Ajax over the past year and also did during his time at Sao Paulo. One other possibility, however, is No 18. He’s worn that jersey for Brazil and, with Bruno Fernandes likely to take the No 8 shirt, that number will be free for any new signings to take. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently to Express Sport, meanwhile, United legend Wes Brown expressed a belief Ten Hag must achieve ‘consistency’ during his first season in the dugout. “Consistency,” he said when asked about a first target for the Dutchman. “I know everyone talks about trophies but, for me, it’s more about consistency. “Can we get to a level of playing and being good? Can we win them games where we’re not so good, can we scuff out a 1-0 win. “We start with the basics, is everybody doing right? Is everybody committed right? For me, that’s a big key. And can we keep the consistency going? “Last season, you saw that in certain games. There were some games we were brilliant in one half then I don’t know what would happen in the other. “That’s the consistency I’m talking about. We can’t be up and down, we have to be on a nice level and get the confidence going. From that, the results happen.”