Alexander Zverev claimed Carlos Alcaraz would win the French Open "a lot of times" in the future after sending the 19-year-old packing with a 6-4 6-4 4-6 7-6(7) win in their quarter-final. The third seed was glad to get the victory before the Spaniard became unbeatable at the tournament. Zverev reached the semi-finals of the French Open for a second-consecutive year by defeating Alcaraz in three hours and 18 minutes. And the world No 3 was full of praise for his opponent after the match, admitting that Alcaraz would go on to become unbeatable at the French Open soon enough. "S***ing my pants," he immediately said of their match, before finding the words to describe his win. "At the end of the day I knew that I had to play my absolute best tennis today from the start on and I’m happy that I did that," he told Alex Corretja on court. "Obviously he kept on coming back, he’s an incredible player. I told him at the net ‘you’re gonna win this tournament a lot of times not only once.’" And the 25-year-old set his sights on the title before the world No 6 started winning the tournament, laughing as he added: "So I hope I can win it before he starts beating us all and we will have no chance at all." JUST IN: Toni Nadal slams 'illogical' French Open decision for Djokovic match   The German had suffered a one-sided defeat to the teenager in the Madrid Masters final earlier this month and had voiced his frustration at Alcaraz being the favourite for the title ahead of him but managed to prove himself in his four-set win. And he admitted things became tough as day turned to night during the three hour and 18-minute clash. "Yeah for me I mean obviously when it’s shady and much slower it’s not perfect for me," he confessed. "I didn’t get broken once when it was sunny, obviously the ball was a lot faster. I had to adjust my strings as well I mean tne match was turning his way so at the end of the day I’m extremely happy I won the tiebreak, I didn’t have to play a five-set match, I didn’t have to be disappointed after the five-set match again like I was last year after the semi-finals so I’m still in the tournament," he laughed. DON'T MISS'There's a risk' Rafael Nadal's wife refuses to attend his matchesNadal retirement fears dispelled after 'last French Open' commentsDjokovic vs Nadal to be 'most important tennis match in last 10 years' The win clearly meant a lot to the 25-year-old, who said he was speechless after pulling off the victory over one of the favourites for the title. "So I’m still in the tournament and right now, usually I’m a good talker, I can talk. Right now I can’t talk, I'm speechless," he said. Zverev will now face the winner of the 59th meeting between Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal in the second quarter-final in the stacked top half of the draw.