Limescale is a substance mainly made up of calcium and magnesium which is left behind when hard water evaporates. It is often easier to prevent limescale from building up than it is to get rid of it. I particularly notice it around my bathroom and taps and shower unit which is why I wanted to try a specific product claiming to target hard water marks. I try to use natural cleaning products where I can as I find chemical products aren’t great to use around pets. However, when it came to the limescale in my shower, I was willing to try anything to shift it. I purchased Viakal from B&M for around 89p to put it to the test. There are different scents of the product and I purchased the Viakal Fresh variety, which had an added floral scent. READ MORE: How to clean duvet and pillows without washing machine ‘Kills germs’ The product claims to remove even the “toughest limescale” and cleans soap scum and watermarks in the bathroom and kitchen. It is safe to use on multiple surfaces including shower walls, taps, glass, doors, washbasins, bathtubs chrome, stainless steel and ceramic sinks. To test the product out I used it on the stainless steel in my shower. It was covered in water marks which would not shift no matter what I used on it. DON'T MISS:Lawn: How to get ‘luscious’ green grass within a ‘few hours’ [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans’ 15p tip for cleaning electric hobs - ‘holy grail’ [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer transforms listed building for £14k [PICTURES] I started by spraying Viakal all over my shower unit and leaving it for around five minutes to help target the scum. After it had settled I took my Minky M Cloth Anti-Bacterial Cleaning Pad and began to lightly scrub the stainless steel. The cleaning pad is great for a variety of cleaning jobs and it is made using a non-scratch technology, perfect for using on chrome. I picked it up from B&M for around £1. As soon as I began scrubbing, I could see the limescale had completely disappeared. The stainless steel was becoming so clean, I could see my reflection in it. After I was satisfied that the product had worked, I rinsed the product off, making sure there was none left behind. The results were incredible, I had never seen my shower console looking so clean. There was still a tiny bit of stubborn limescale in one of the corners so I decided to try the Viakal again to target it. After leaving it for 10 minutes, I returned and it had completely gone. I hate using microfibres to dry things when I am cleaning so I reached for my Spunj Ultra Absorbent Cloth in yellow. The cloth has a large surface area which allows for maximum cleaning power with minimum effort. It can be used on a variety of surfaces and it made the drying process so much easier for me. I was shocked at how the £1.49 cloth completely dried the stainless steel, making it look brand new. I will definitely be using Viakal in my bathroom from now on.