Boris Johnson has been challenged over the Government's strategy for safeguarding Britain's supply chains amid rocketing global food prices. The Prime Minister spoke on Monday to radio presenter Nick Ferrari from a farm in Cornwall and was asked to defend the Government plan from critics. Mr Ferrari told the Prime Minister: "This is your landmark plan, but it's already been described as not a strategy, it doesn't set out a clear vision as to why we have the problems we have. "You've dodged the idea of a salt and sugar tax, and also you've done nothing to try and bring about a reduction in consumption of meat. "Those are the words of your own foods tsar Henry Dimbleby or words close to so it's a failure, isn't it Prime Minister? Mr Johnson replied: "I'm very grateful to Henry for all the work he's done.  "This is about helping to support UK food and farming at a particularly important time. "Everybody knows there is a shortage of grain around the world, we've got a real hit on food prices. He added: "What we need to do is support farmers to innovate, putting another £250,000 into innovation so that we have more security and stability in our own supplies. "I should look at a machine that has only just been invented that can plant 150,000 cabbages in a day. "That is the type of progress that you need to bring the cost of food down for consumers." Mr Johnson was forced to deny that his new food strategy fails to tackle obesity and said the best way to lose weight was to "eat less" while on a farm visit in Cornwall. Asked about criticism from Mr Dimbleby, the Prime Minister said the food and drink industry was "voluntarily reducing the amount of sugar, the amount of salt very substantially". Speaking at Southern England Farms in Hayle, southwest Cornwall, he said: "What we don't want to do right now is start whacking new taxes on them that will just push up the cost of food. DON'T MISS: Britons slam Boris Johnson for failing Brexit expectations [REPORT]Jeremy Vine caller blasts 'Remainer plot' to bring Boris Johnson down [REPORT]Minister skeweres EU project as UK set to FINALLY leave [REPORT] "Of course, you've got to champion healthy eating, you've got to help people to lose weight, there all sorts of ways of doing that. "The best way to lose weight, believe me, is to eat less." Prime Minister insisted the UK is "leading the world on the on the green agenda". "What you've got to make sure that you do is that you look after UK food and farming and recognise that we have an opportunity to eat much more of what we grow in this country and and produce much more in the UK. o that's why we're supporting Great British farming, putting money into a modernisation into innovation."