Mould can grow on walls, ceiling tiles as well as on wood and paper. While it can be hard to get rid of mould, if you notice a room is particularly damp, investing in some houseplants can be a “huge help” in preventing mould and dust mites. Wellness experts at Zeal CBD have looked at different houseplants and shared the benefits they have. Houseplants all have different benefits, including smelling nice, improving the air quality and even preventing infections. According to the experts, having a snake plant can help prevent mould and dust mites. They explained: “Air quality is another factor that can have a big effect on how well a person sleeps. “We spend a lot of time breathing in moisture from our bedroom, and this can be made worse if we shut the door (as it will decrease the air circulation). READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ “If there is a lot of moisture in the air, then this can increase the likelihood of mould and dust mites, which will affect your ability to breathe throughout the night. “A snake plant can be a huge help with this since it will be pumping oxygen into your bedroom which improves air quality. “That’s not all they do though, their large leaves are also great at removing plenty of harmful chemicals such as xylene, trichloroethylene, toluene, benzene and formaldehyde.” These chemicals can be hazardous to human health. DON'T MISS:Laundry: How to properly clean towels to keep them ‘fluffy’ [EXPERT]‘Healthier’ to avoid watering lawns in ‘prolonged’ periods of heat [COMMENT]Watering tips: ‘Best’ time of the day to water plants in summer [EXPLAINER] Air that is too damp can cause many issues, but so can dry air. If you find a room in the home has an issue with dry air, the experts recommended buying a peace lily. The wellness experts said: “These lilies can increase your bedroom’s humidity by up to five percent. “Increasing your bedroom’s humidity can help people with dry skin and hair, but also static electricity and help people who are susceptible to getting a cold. READ MORE: Tomato plants: ‘Ideal’ watering method to ‘prevent root diseases’ “So not only will the person have a better night’s sleep, but they will also feel better about themselves as well. “This is also a good plant to keep in the bedroom because it doesn’t require much watering or light.” They can also absorb mould and mildew, making them great to keep in areas mould is present. Spider plants and English ivy can also remove air-borne moles and formaldehyde from indoor air. Another great purifying plant is the aloe vera, known for its ability to soothe the skin. The experts said it releases oxygen at night, which can help to purify the air. They added: “This makes it easier to breathe better while we sleep. “This plant in particular is great for purifying benzene and formaldehyde as well. “This is a great plant to keep in your room because it is known as a succulent so it needs very little watering as it maintains moisture within its leaves.” Aloe vera plants need some sunlight in order to thrive. Jay Riggs, wellness expert at Zeal CBD, said: “Having plants throughout the home not only looks great, but is beneficial for your mental wellbeing. By purifying the air and removing any toxins that you may be breathing in, they have a positive effect on your air quality and are even shown to reduce anxiety and stress levels. “If you take good care of your houseplants and repot them when needed, they should thrive all year round so you can enjoy the aesthetic as well as the health benefits. If you’re someone who struggles to stay on top of watering your plants and keeping them alive, look for lower maintenance ones which can survive in less specific conditions.”