Golf icon Jack Nicklaus is set to receive a special St Andrews honour, when the iconic Old Course hosts this summer’s 150th Open Championship. Nicklaus - who won two of his three Claret Jugs at the famous Scotland course - will be named an honorary citizen of St. Andrews at this year’s event. The iconic Scottish setup is no doubt a course close to the American star’s heart, having won around the links in 1970 and 1978, as well as playing his last ever Open Championship there in 2005. In recognition of his remarkable efforts in the sport and the competition he will be granted the honour by the Royal Burgh of St Andrews Community. This will be presented to Nicklaus at the Younger Hall in the Scottish Town on July 12th, two days before the 150th Open Championship kicks off. During the ceremony Nicklaus will not be the only golf star being recognised for achievements and contributions to the game of golf. Fellow former Tour favourites Lee Trevino, Jose Maria Olazabal, Catriona Matthew, Sir Bob Charles and Sandy Lyle will also receive recognition. The four players - who have over 240 professional wins between them - will receive honorary degrees from the University of St Andrews, an accolade Nicklaus collected in 2008. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy leaves practice range in hysterics after takedown of golf icon Sir Nick Faldo  The 82-year-old’s citizenship award is no doubt a prestigious one, as he becomes the first man to receive the honour since fellow golfing icon Bobby Jones - who won the 1927 Open Championship at the Old Course - in 1958. Nicklaus joins a lucrative list, and becomes just the third honorary St Andrews citizen to descend from the United States. The other two of course include 13-time major champion Jones, and one of the States’ founding fathers in Benjamin Franklin who received the honour back in 1759. Speaking at last week’s Memorial Tournament, Nicklaus said he was ‘delighted’ and ‘humbled’ with the honour. DON'T MISSTiger Woods' rival lauds PGA and Masters progress with 'the state' golf legend has been inHow much Dustin Johnson and co stand to earn at controversial first LIV Golf Series eventJon Rahm almost hits female TV worker accidentally as he throws club in frustration He said: “It is going to be a truly memorable occasion for me and my family." The 82-year-old went on to add: “I retired in 2005, and I had great memories and I didn't want to go back to St. Andrews. “And then when they wrote and asked me if I would accept being an honorary citizen, I couldn't turn that down. There's no way in the world I could turn that down, not with Bobby Jones and Benjamin Franklin the only other two Americans who have done it. So, I'm going back." 