Arsenal have failed with an opening bid in the region of £51million in an attempt to secure the services of Napoli forward Victor Osimhen, according to reports. Mikel Arteta is believed to be keen on adding to his forward line between now and the start of next season, with the Gunners having lost Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette since the turn of the year. Arsenal have long been credited with a desire to land Osimhen, who scored 18 goals for Napoli in all competitions over the course of last season. The north Londoners have already firmed up their interest with a concrete offer for the 23-year-old but will be forced back to the drawing board after seeing their advances turned down by his current employers, according to Il Mattino.It is claimed that Napoli have decided to reject Arsenal's initial bid of around £51m in order to hold out for a bigger fee in exchange for Osimhen's signature. The Italian giants are believed to have slapped a price tag of £85m on their prized asset and will not be bullied into letting him go for a reduced sum over the coming weeks and months.Newcastle are also said to be keeping tabs on Osimhen's situation and have been tipped to join the bidding for his signature in the not-too-distant future. It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will ultimately be able to snap him up at the expense of the Magpies, who will have plenty of funds to spend on new players this summer due to their newly-found Saudi backing. JUST IN: Arsenal risk Youri Tielemans problem if Gunners complete exciting move Arsenal are believed to have other irons in the fire, though, as they chase the addition of a new forward to lead the line for them next season. They are said to be in talks with Manchester City over a potential move for Gabriel Jesus, who is widely expected to leave the Etihad Stadium before the first ball is kicked at the start of the new campaign.The Gunners have also been tentatively linked with the likes of Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Alexander Isak and Jonathan David in recent months and could decide to move for any of the aforementioned trio before the summer window closes on the first day of September. Arteta has already outlined the qualities that he will be looking for in his bid to land a new first-choice striker when quizzed on what he wants to achieve in the market back in March."He puts the ball in the net, that’s priority number one," the Spaniard told Sky Sports. "Any successful team needs enough goal threat in the squad. Without it, you have nothing. "You can play good football but you need enough goal threat in the team. The other thing is that he has to complement the other people we have, personally and on the pitch, and for that, we need the right profile."We need a profile where you can exploit his qualities at the same time as the qualities we already have, so we don’t have to transform our way of playing again to adapt to that specific player."He has to have a certain age, a certain level of experience, and he has to be able to come here and play under the pressure of being at Arsenal." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here