Over the past couple of weeks, Will Taylor (played by Dean Andrews) has been searching for Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) after he faked his death in September last year. While he is yet to find Jamie, Friday’s Emmerdale revealed his estranged wife Andrea (Anna Nightingale) might have a secret brother, who is now living in the village. Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) learned a few months ago Jamie is still alive and has been paranoid he will return for their son. After explaining all to Will, who she accidentally shot thinking he was Jamie, he stated he would find Kim Tate’s (Claire King) son and warn him to stay away. But so far, Will has not had any luck despite Gabby insisting Jamie has been living with Andrea’s mother Hazel (Kate Anthony) and their daughter Millie (Willow Bell). There’s also still no concrete evidence Jamie is alive so to find out the truth so Will has hired a private investigator. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen Mike told Will they need to do a DNA to check if Jamie is alive and asked for some of baby Thomas’ hair. In a surprise twist, the man Mike had found did not share DNA with Thomas but he was linked to the Tates. Mike explained the mystery man was the son of Hazel’s ex-partner meaning he has a link to Andrea. The man in question has not been revealed to viewers yet but many fans believe he is drug dealer Jason, who has made brief appearances in the village. It’s not known if Andrea knew about her step-brother as she was estranged from Hazel for some time. But the mystery man may have learned what happened to Andrea from Hazel and want revenge for his sibling. Could Kim, Will and Gabby be about to get a big surprise as Andrea’s brother arrives to make their lives hell for treating his sister so badly? Taking to Twitter, fans have shared their theories over who the man Mike thought was Jamie Tate could be. DON'T MISS...Where is Emmerdale's Katie Sugden star now? [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Triple exit for beloved villagers in tragedy [THEORY]Emmerdale's Sally Dexter 'refuses to leave' if story isn't resolved [INSIGHT] User @Sofaneilas tweeted: “Ooooo So Andrea had a brother? Watch it be Marcus, Jordan or that Drug guy who's dueling Leyla hahaha #emmerdale.” Meanwhile, @ASuperGav posted: “I see Andrea’s twin has been recruited again #Emmerdale.” @JordanPhelps suggested: “Theory: Andreas brother is the guy who sold Leyla the drugs last week. Because why else bring it up #Emmerdale.” Fans will have to wait and see if Andrea’s bother’s identity is confirmed in the coming weeks but there could be a much bigger problem on the horizon for Gabby. After Mike’s DNA test for Will, viewers are certain Jamie is not actually baby Thomas’ father. Mike revealed the DNA from Thomas did not match that of the man who he believes is Jamie. This led to Will believing Jamie is actually dead, however, some viewers think the man could be Jamie but it just confirms he isn’t Thomas’ dater. Eileen M Cumiskey shared: “The DNA not matching doesn’t mean that it’s not Jamie Tate. It could also mean that Thomas is not Jamie Tate’s son. #Emmerdale.” Emmerdale airs weekdays on ITV at 7.30pm and for an hour-long episode on Thursday.