The live-action Hulu series Woke, starring New Girl’s Lamorne Morris, has been cancelled this week after just two seasons. In addition to the sitcom star, the cancellation was also bad news for NCIS: Los Angeles star Eric Christian Olsen, who served as executive producer on the series away from his long-running role as Special Agent Marty Deeks. One of Eric’s first projects as executive producer, Woke, has been cancelled by Hulu after two seasons. The comedy series followed comedy star Lamorne as cartoonist Keef, who begins to hear the voices of inanimate objects after a traumatic experience of racial profiling. It was loosely based on the life of American cartoonist Keith Knight, who co-created and served as a writer on the series. After the second season was released all at once in April last year, the streaming service has now decided not to continue with the surreal series. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen As well as being one of Lamorne’s first post-New Girl main roles, Woke was also the first time NCIS star Eric had stepped up to produce a television series. He has also written two episodes of the LA-based spin-off, the latest, Live Free or Die Standing, being directed by his co-star Daniela Ruah. On Twitter, Lamorne has since reacted to the news of his latest television role coming to an end. “When #Woke & #Cancel cultures collide. This is a riddle by the way,” he wrote on Friday. Earlier in the month, Lamorne was confirmed to have been nominated for a Black Reel TV Award alongside the likes of Donald Glover and Don Cheadle. In response to the achievement, he quipped: “Can I win this even after being cancelled?” Writer for the series Kyra Jones also tweeted: “I’m exhausted today, but so grateful to have had the opportunity to break into TV with this incredible show. “I got to write about social justice AND eating p***y and to me, those are one and the same.” DON'T MISS:SEAL Team season 6 theory: Major death sealed by casting news [THEORY]Kevin Costner admits wife has reservations over Western role [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones’ Emilia Clarke spills first Jon Snow details [INTERVIEW] Fans of Lamorne and the series were saddened by Woke’s cancellation but were assured it hopefully won’t be long until the actor is back on screens. @JaeLinda8 replied to his latest post: “Can’t wait to see your next project though. You’re not done yet!” Scarlett Humphries responded to Kyra: “This f*****g blows. “I started watching this year because of your tweets about it and was really looking forward to more.” And @MoonEarthVenus said: “Great show on the wrong streaming service. “Who watches HULU for original content? I hope it goes to a new platform like HBO Max, Amazon Studios, etc.” Could another streamer recognise Woke’s potential and pick it up for another season? Time will tell but, for now, both Lamorne and Eric will be focusing on their next TV ventures. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 premieres Sunday, October 9 on CBS. Woke is available to stream on Hulu. UK release dates have yet to be announced.