According to trichologist, Stephanie Sey, our bodies release high levels of a hormone called cortisol when under pressure or experiencing “heightened” anxiety. This can then increase the production of sebum - an oily, waxy substance that protects your hair and skin. But too much of it can ultimately lead to an itchy scalp as well as hair loss. Ms Sey explained that there are three ways stress may be ruining your locks without you knowing. “Increased levels of stress can lead to excessive hair shedding known as telogen effluvium,” she said. “During stressful periods, your hair may be shocked from the growing phase to the resting phase resulting in shedding a few months later. “Stress can often trigger excessive tugging of hair when styling or habitual scalp scratching.  READ MORE: Dementia: Scientists identify vitamin deficiency that may cause decline - millions at risk “These habits will damage your scalp and affect the condition of your hair.” She added: “Stress can weaken your body’s natural defences against naturally-existing microbes in the scalp which will lead to dryness and flakiness.” Having a good hair care routine is “important” during stressful times, Ms Sey said. “Use a good quality shampoo and conditioner for your hair type and refrain from over-using heat,” she explained.    “When drying your hair after washing, wrap your hair in a towel instead of vigorously rubbing it and use a wide-tooth comb to detangle.” As with many conditions, diet can also play a part. She commented: “Processed foods like fast-food and ready meals are typically high in sugar, salt and unhealthy fats as well as chemical additives. “These foods typically have very little in the way of the nutrients that our body needs to stay healthy, such as vitamins, minerals and antioxidants.  “The hair is the very last system in your body to receive nutrients (as it is one of the least essential), so if your body is not receiving adequate nutrients, your hair will likely be affected. “Do your best to eat well as it will impact how you feel and look. “After a month or so you will start to notice a difference.” She recommended adding plenty of protein and minerals to your diet.  “Pump up the protein – meat, fish, beans and eggs,” she said. “Add more minerals – nuts, seeds and leafy greens. “Feed your strands with silica – oats and bananas.” 