Yet this is just the latest in a string of royal scandals, disastrous tours and family feuds, which all point to one conclusion: the monarchy is not fit for purpose. The monarchy raises a family on a diet of sycophancy that leaves the princes emotionally immature and ill-equipped for serious responsibility. Charles and William appear to be thin skinned and intolerant of being criticised or challenged, presumably they have been taught from a young age that their every action, thought and utterance is of great importance to the rest of us.Andrew is even worse, often described as arrogant, boorish and lacking any self-awareness or judgement. A rogue prince who thinks they can do no wrong and rules that allow them to do whatever they like is a recipe for corruption and scandal. Imagine if he were the next in line. At the same time this very underwhelming family are raised to occupy public office, whether as heirs or spares. That gives them unique access to the halls of power here and abroad.Here in the UK Prince Charles is given complete and unlimited access to all Government papers and documents, while being able to secretly lobby any government minister he likes, knowing that nothing he does or says can be released to the public under our Freedom of Information laws.As shocking it is to have it reported that Prince Charles was personally handling bags stuffed full of cash it is also hardly surprising. Just last year I reported Prince Charles to the police on suspicion of offering honours in exchange for donations to another of his charities.On that occasion a letter was published in which Michael Fawcett, a close aide to Charles, appeared to promise to secure a knighthood and British citizenship for Mahfouz Marei Mubarak bin Mahfouz, a Saudi billionaire charity donor and businessman.The letter appeared to show the offer was connected to the promise of a donation to the Prince’s Foundation. Charles has long-standing relationships with countless people of questionable character, including other Middle Eastern royals. Since the Arab Spring of 2011 he has met with Arab royals at least 95 times, according to detailed research done by the news site Declassified UK.They will say he conducts these visits at the request of the British Government, but it is because the royals have close relationships with these dictators that the Government believes they might be of some use.So, it should not be surprising to find out that Charles is handling huge sums of foreign currency given to him by a man accused of human rights abuses and connections with Al Qaeda. But it is shocking and worrying, because these kinds of transactions may well be the tip of the iceberg.Is someone like Sheikh Hamad going to be giving money to one of Charles’s lesser-known charities out of a sense of altruism or because he expects something in return?Given the unfettered access Charles has to the halls of power in the UK, and the total secrecy that surrounds his lobbying of our elected government, a republican cannot help but wonder if the possibility of corruption and foreign influence via Clarence House exists. And it is not a problem fixed by passing over Charles when the succession comes. William will eventually also enjoy the same access to politicians, information and money that his dad has. The problem is not fixed by changing the line of succession, it is fixed by abolishing the monarchy and all the dodgy practices that go with it.