Tottenham are reportedly interested in signing Roma defender Roger Ibanez amid claims Alessandro Bastoni will not leave Inter Milan. Roma are managed by former Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho, who would likely have a big say in whether a deal happens this summer. Spurs boss Antonio Conte is desperate to improve his defence this summer. Inter and Italy star Bastoni is one of his top targets in that position. However, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says Bastoni wants to stay at the San Siro despite strong interest from Spurs. Therefore Conte is looking at alternative options. Italian outlet CalcioMercato claims Conte has kept a close eye on Roma star Ibanez. The report says Roma would consider a sale at around £25million (€30m). READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear  Ibanez joined Roma from Atalanta in January 2020, initially on loan, before securing a permanent move for a fee of around £6.8m. So the Serie A side could be in for a huge profit on the 23-year-old. Ibanez has made 64 league appearances for Roma in his two full seasons at the club. He was a regular under Mourinho and the Portuguese may have a big say on his future. Mourinho was sacked by Tottenham in April 2021 and didn't leave on the best of terms. The former Chelsea boss had led Spurs into the Carabao Cup final but was relieved of his duties in the week before the match against Manchester City. Spurs lost the game and their trophy drought from 2008 continues. Mourinho admitted it "hurt" being sacked without being given the chance to win the club silverware. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Kalvin Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interest [REPORT]Leeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signing [TRANSFERS]Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transfer [RUMOUR]  He told Sky Sports ahead of the Europa Conference League final: "I am in the maturity of my career and also my life where I don't have bad feelings. I just try to accept the things the way they are. Yes. Yes it hurt. "I react in a funny way when I speak with some English journalists at press conferences. I always say the joke about qualifying for the [Europa Conference League] Final, I hope not to be sacked this time, because it's something that doesn't happen to too many coaches. "This time I cannot say I'm the privileged one, because it happened to me. I don't have regrets. I don't have bad feelings. There are lots of nice people in Tottenham and I wish them the best. Even to Mr Levy. "But for a guy with my career and my history I think it was a strange thing to happen. But in the end it opened the door for me to be in Rome and I'm very happy to be in Rome."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here