Manchester United are determined for their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong to not be dragged out any longer, it has been claimed. The Barcelona star is Erik ten Hag’s priority transfer target at Old Trafford. And the Red Devils are hoping to make a breakthrough this week as they seek to bring the 25-year-old to the Premier League. Manchester United have spent the last few weeks negotiating with Barcelona for De Jong, who will be allowed to leave the Nou Camp this summer after three underwhelming years. And, according to Forbes journalist Sam Pilger, the Red Devils don’t want their pursuit of the Netherlands international to ‘drag out’ any longer. Writing on Twitter, he said: "Talks are ongoing and there is hope of a breakthrough this week. “United are determined not to drag this out any more. Both clubs want to do business and the player wants to come. “It is now about the fee about constructing a deal where everyone feels they have triumphed.” Barcelona had, originally, told United they’d need to match the £89million they paid for Paul Pogba back in 2016 in order to land De Jong. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez But the Red Devils have always been reluctant to go that high, especially given the La Liga giants’ need to sell. Barcelona are aiming to jettison De Jong to balance their finances, despite recently receiving a £555m cash injection. The Dutchman fell behind the likes of Pedri and Gavi in Xavi’s pecking order last term and has often blown hot and cold during his time in Catalonia. United would prefer to strike a deal for De Jong in the region of £60m instead. And, if they’re able to bring him in for that price, he’ll become their fifth most-expensive signing of all time. It would see the 25-year-old jump ahead of Angel Di Maria, who cost the club a big £59.7m upon moving from Real Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2014. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen However, the fee for De Jong would still be less than what United have paid for Pogba, Harry Maguire, Romelu Lukaku and Jadon Sancho. De Jong previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax, with the pair helping the Eredivisie side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League three years ago. And though United don’t have Champions League football to offer, the midfielder is now open to a reunion over at Old Trafford. He isn’t the only midfielder on the club’s radar, however. Christian Eriksen is also in United’s sights, with the Red Devils recently offering the Denmark international a one-year contract with the option of a second. However, any deal for the 30-year-old isn’t straightforward. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Tottenham, who are on an upwards trajectory under Antonio Conte, are keen to bring Eriksen back to the club two years after his departure to Inter Milan. And whether United are able to land both Eriksen and De Jong this summer is something only time will tell. Regarding De Jong, meanwhile, Teddy Sheringham recently expressed fears over the midfielder’s suitability to the Premier League. “There is a massive recruitment job,” he told Lord Ping. “He needs to get players in with the right character and who understand the challenges of playing in the Premier League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Where is he going to find these players? I'm seeing the rumours about de Jong. “He hasn't played in the Premier League and has been playing for Barcelona, who are expected to pretty much beat nearly every other team. “Many of Barca’s domestic opponents roll over for them throughout the season. That doesn’t happen in the Premier League - every game is a battle.” And he added: “The pace and quality of the league could be a shock to the system for ten Hag and a player like de Jong. “United could have a season of absolute chaos again next year.”