Lena Tindall won over the hearts of social media users after being filmed fiercely defending her food from her curious cousin. Prince Louis could be seen squirming and walking around the royal box during the Platinum Jubilee's People's Pageant on Sunday, but his attention was quickly captured when snacks were brought out. Zara Tindall and Mike Tindall's youngest daughter however immediately shut down attempts from the 4-year-old prince to steal her snacks as she slapped his hands away. Lena can be seen swiftly moving away from Prince Louis as he extends his hand towards the food, a stern look gracing the little girl's face. The exchange between the pint-sized royals had Savannah Phillips, who pulled out the snacks in the first place and was looking after her cousin and Prince Louis, in stitches.  Social media users who spotted the moment immediately took to Twitter to praise young Lena and her efforts to defend her snacks.  User @isaguor said: "Mate, everyone talking about Louis but did anyone see Lena? She was a whole mood, especially when she turned up with snacks. JUST IN: 'Great example!' Kate and William praised by Supernanny after Louis' Jubilee appearance "Louis wanted some but she had priorities. At one point it's clear that she says: No, Louis! And she gives him a look. Savannah's reaction says it all." @larissabona added: "Savannah moved seats just to laugh at the mayhem and Zara is doing the same. They represent me! Poor Lena, she wanted to give candy to Prince George!" They also noted that rather than keeping the food to herself, Lena ensured to offer some to Princess Charlotte, who was sitting in front of her, and to her older brother George. @CoffeeGirl_CG said: "This reminds me of my own kids when they were this age with their cousins All 30 + now and sadly still act like that at family gatherings." READ MORE: Meghan's reassuring words to nervous Prince Harry at Platinum Jubilee service REVEALED And @SInSeattle75 added: "Lena’s look is pure evil! They all cracked me up. I love cousins." The Platinum Jubilee allowed the British public to catch a glimpse into the close relationship all grandchildren and great-grandchildren of the Queen share. Most of the Queen's descendants, save Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana, appeared in public at least once during the celebrations to mark the momentum occasion. And Prince Louis stole hearts with his conduct throughout the festivities, pulling faces and waving enthusiastically at the crowds. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry alienated 'diehard royal fans' with attacks on Firm [SPOTLIGHT]Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia step out in the same dress [REVEAL]Harry looks pensive as he and Meghan touch down in California [NEWS] Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge said Prince Louis "especially" had an incredible tie. Louis was seen letting out a howl and clapping his hands over his ears on the Buckingham Palace balcony on Thursday during the RAF flypast as his "Gan Gan" the Queen sweetly told him what was happening. Louis was also spotted being bounced on the knee of his grandfather, the Prince of Wales, during the pageant on Sunday and giving his mother Catherine a kiss on the cheek and a cuddle. In a personal message, alongside images from the weekend's events, they tweeted: "What a fantastic weekend of celebrations. "Seeing people across the nation coming together with family, friends and loved ones has been extremely special. "Thank you to everyone who turned out to show their gratitude to The Queen and her inspiring 70 years of leadership. "From the crowds on the Mall to communities hosting street parties up and down the country, we hope you had a weekend to remember. "We all had an incredible time, especially Louis... "