Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been told that he will not be able to sign RB Leipzig star Christopher Nkunku. The Red Devils are keen to add at least one attacker to their ranks this summer, but the Frenchman appears unlikely to be one. As it stands, Cristiano Ronaldo is the only proven out-and-out striker for Ten Hag to work with at United. Marcus Rashford, obviously, is also an option though has spent the last few campaigns as a winger. Former interim manager Ralph Rangnick made it very clear throughout his tenure that his successor – Ten Hag – would need to sign at least one striker, and numerous stars have been linked to Old Trafford over the past few months. Ajax star Antony is reportedly one option, with versatile forward Nkunku another. But, according to The Independent, Leipzig are not willing to sell Nkunku until next summer. The forward, who can play on either wing and as a midfielder, enjoyed one of the most fruitful campaigns in Europe last season. The former Paris Saint-Germain star scored 20 and assisted 13 in 34 Bundesliga appearances, also scoring seven in the Champions League and six in the Europa League. It has also been reported recently that Leipzig value Nkunku at £100million, thus even if Ten Hag was extremely keen on the 24-year-old, he may be reluctant to splash that sort of money on a marquee signing before even entering the dugout. Signing a midfielder as well as a central defender also remains a priority for Ten Hag. Both areas have been an obvious area on the pitch that needs major changes over the past few seasons, with reports from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s time in charge detailing that the Norwegian wanted to sign a holding midfielder. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links  Barcelona star Frenkie De Jong is United’s main target to resolve their issues in the centre of the park and talks are still ongoing between the two clubs. Ten Hag worked with the Netherlands international at Ajax and brought him into the first team as a young prospect there. And the manager is looking to dip into his more recent crop of former players to solve the Red Devils’ defensive woes by acquiring the services of Jurrien Timber. The 21-year-old was weighing up a move to United, though there are Dutch reports, as per the Metro, speculating that he sees the move as ‘too risky’ with a World Cup on the horizon.