The 19-year-old environment activist took to the Pyramid Stage to deliver a speech about climate change to tens of thousands of festivalgoers. She was introduced by Glastonbury Festival organiser Emily Eavis, who called her "the most inspirational speaker of her generation". Miss Thunberg told them the earth's biosphere is "not just changing, it is destabilising, it is breaking down", and attacked world leaders for "creating loopholes" to protect firms whose emissions cause climate change. The teenager added: "That is a moral decision... that will put the entire living planet at risk." READ MORE: Gabon sees Commonwealth membership as pivot to English-speaking world However, she ended her speech on a positive note, telling festivalgoers they could ultimately make a difference. The environment activist said: "We are capable of the most incredible things. "Once we are given the full story… we will know what to do. There is still time to choose a new path, to step back from the cliff. "Instead of looking for hope, start creating that hope yourself. "Make no mistake, no-one else is going to do this for us. Right here and now is where we stand our ground." Miss Thunberg's appearance was warmly received by the crowd, who joined her in a chant of "climate justice" when she had finished her speech. But not everyone was impressed by her appearance at one of the world's biggest music festivals at Worthy Farm in Somerset. READ MORE: Prostate cancer: Doctor Hilary shares 'invisible' early signs to spot Twitter user Peter Willetts (@pwilletts1950) wrote: "Oh no. Why oh why? Glastonbury does not need her. Beyond belief. "Totally unnecessary. I thought she had gone quiet." "Chamelia" (@Chamaerion) tweeted: "She should have used the platform to raise awareness for the people there cleaning the rubbish they leave behind themselves in the festival days." Fellow Twitter user Kate Clark (@kateclark26) said: "No one cares." DON'T MISSBoris given Brexit lifeline as MPs sensationally BACK Brexit bill [LATEST]Boris summer cabinet reshuffle - Who will stay & who will go? [ANALYSIS]‘Effective’ way to banish patio weeds - ‘kills them straight away’ [ADVICE] Dave Read (@Yamanx1) simply commented: "Utter nonsense." Twitter user "akadaz92" (@akadaz92) took aim at the BBC, which is broadcasting Glastonbury throughout this weekend. They said: "Just another load of hot air and party political broadcast by the BBC." Miss Thunberg's appearance comes five years after Jeremy Corbyn took to the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury to deliver his own speech. He arrived on stage with Glastonbury founder Michael Eavis, who referred to the then-Labour Party leader as the “hero of the hour”. Mr Corbyn told tens of thousands of festivalgoers: “Politics is actually about everyday life. It’s about all of us: what we dream, what we want, what we achieve and what we want for everybody else. “The commentariat got it wrong, the elites got it wrong. Politics is about the lives of all of us. "The wonderful campaign I was a part of and led, brought people back to politics because they believed there was something on offer for them.”