The UK celebrated the Queen's seventy years on the British throne this weekend. She became the first British monarch to reach the milestone, having ascended to the throne on June 2, 1953. Leaders from around the globe were effusive in their praise for her dedication to public duty. US President Joe Biden wished the Queen a "joyful celebration" in a posted video. He said: "Throughout your reign, the relationship between the United Kingdom and the United States has grown stronger and closer than ever". His wife Jill also left a message, saying: "Throughout the years, the joy your visits to the United States have brought Americans and your solidarity with the American people in times of tragedy have deepened the friendship and profound connection between our countries." While French President Emmanuel Macron sent his own heartfelt congratulations to the 96-year-old sovereign. He described her as the "golden thread" that binds Britain and France, as well as praising her for being a "source of wisdom for the leaders of our two countries". Macron said: "From the dark days when your family welcomed General de Gaulle in your home, to his joy to welcome you in his, you have been a constant presence and a source of wisdom for the leaders of our two countries. "Celebrating you today is to celebrate the sincere and deep friendship that unites our two countries, and your devotion to it. "Your Majesty, it is my privilege to extend to you, on behalf of the French people, my heartfelt congratulations on your Platinum Jubilee." He added: "You are our friend, such a close ally, our example of service to others." Even the Pope took time to acknowledge the Queen's long reign on the British throne. READ MORE: Queen gives viewers 'goosebumps' as she waves during Platinum Pageant The pontiff said: "I send cordial greetings and good wishes, together with the renewed assurance of my prayers that Almighty God will bestow on you, the members of the Royal family and all the people of the nation blessings of unity, prosperity and peace." However, neither Ursula von der Leyen or Charles Michel saw fit to congratulate the Queen on her singular achievement. Their silence was described as a demonstration of the bloc's "pettiness and small-mindedness" by a former adviser to Margaret Thatcher. Neil Gardner told Express.co.uk: "It is absolutely appalling that the European Union has not congratulated the Queen on her Platinum Jubilee. "This is a demonstration of the pettiness and small-mindedness of the ruling EU elites. DON'T MISSJoan Collins pays tribute to Queen as she shares fondest memory [NEWS]Queen beamed onto priceless solid gold State Coach as a hologram [REVEAL]David Beckham's 'awkward' encounter with Prince Harry over Meghan row [SPOTLIGHT] "They clearly resent Britain's success and no doubt secretly envy the achievements of the British people." "They cannot even bring themselves to send a message of congratulations to a 96-year-old monarch who has been on the throne for 70 years. "The vindictiveness and the spite of some in the EU is simply breathtaking to behold. "I think the celebrations have been a huge triumph for Great Britain - it is a historic moment and a demonstration of Britain at its very best and across the world. "The vast majority of leaders have sent their congratulations and expressed their admiration for Britain. "But in Brussels, EU chiefs cannot even bring themselves to recognise the immense achievement of the Queen and the significance of this historic moment for the British people and this speaks volumes about the nastiness of many of the EU elites."