NCIS Hawaii is the third spin-off to come from the NCIS mothership, having made its big debut in September last year. Having finished its first season on CBS in May, fans are already excited to see the drama's return so they can get to know the new NCIS team even better. One character viewers are particularly interested in is Agent Lucy Tara (played by Yasmine Al-Bustami) who has been at the heart of the show's main romantic storyline. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii.Agent Lucy Tara was taken aback when she bumped into her former fling FBI Agent Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) in the NCIS season one premiere. There is plenty of will-they, won't-they moments, teasing the women getting together when they take that big leap and make their relationship official. This is until Lucy discovered that Whistler already had a girlfriend, someone she didn't actually break up with before making the move to Hawaii. Lucy subsequently broke it off but after taking Ernie's (Jason Antoon) advice, Whistler knew she had to give a big gesture in order to win her back. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson The team and their loved ones gathered at Agent Jane Tennant's (Vanessa Lachey) house for a party in the series finale. Lucy was disappointed when Whistler didn't initially show up but when she was talking to Ernie, she showed up and started singing Adele's Make You Feel My Love. The rest of the guests were looking on from the balcony as Whistler confessed her love to Lucy. To get her to stop talking, Lucy kissed her ex-girlfriend and so the series ended with the couple getting back together. NCIS Hawaii's Agent Lucy Tara is played by 28-year-old actress Yasmine Al-Bustami. Prior to joining the NCIS franchise, Al-Bustami was probably best known for starring in The CW's vampire drama The Originals as Monique Deveraux in 2013. Some of her other work has included Unimaginable, You Get Me, Orbital Redux, I Ship It and Lucky. Most recently, Al-Bustami was Ramah in the historical drama The Chosen last year. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass' exit sealed in murder twist [THEORY]NCIS season 20 theory: Bishop to make surprise return in actor clue [CLUE]NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell recalls moment wife almost got him ‘fired' [CAST] NCIS Hawaii producer Jan Nash opened up to The List about Lucy and Whistler's relationship being introduced from the get-go. The first lesbian character in the franchise was Tammy Gregorio (Vanessa Ferlito) in NCIS New Orleans but she came into the show in season three. Nash said: "We want these characters to feel like they have full lives. "They have families, they have interests, they struggle with things — and certainly relationships are a part of that. "It is not a situation where either of them is a straight woman who was suddenly, magically attracted to somebody else." There will be plenty more to come from Lucy and the rest of the team in the near future. CBS renewed the police procedural for a second outing earlier this year and is expected to return in the fall of 2022. NCIS was also renewed for season 20 and NCIS Los Angeles for its 14th series. NCIS Hawaii is available to watch on CBS in America. A UK release date has not yet been announced.