Princess Charlotte surprised royal fans as she arrived in the royal box outside of Buckingham Palace to watch the Platinum Jubilee concert. The adorable seven-year-old donned a red dress and smiles widely as she took her seat near her mother Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, brother Prince George and father Prince William. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The fourth-in-line to the throne exchanged a few words with Zara Tindall who, sitting behind her, helped the child take her seat by moving away from the chair a pillow. As Queen + Adam Lambert opened the concert by performing their iconic We Will Rock You, the adorable girl was spotted clapping her hands and following the rhythm. Following her parents' lead, the child was also spotted applauding at the end of the song. Charlotte, who is believed to be attending her first-ever concert tonight, seemed attentive and engaged during the whole show. When the royal box was urged to imitate one of late Freddy Mercury's iconic screams, Charlotte was spotted in stitches. George and Charlotte were the only two great-grandchildren of the Queen in attendance. Some 30 members of the Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and the Wessexes, were in the royal box and were spotted singing many of the songs performed on stage. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were not in attendance, as previously announced by their spokesperson. READ MORE: Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan Meghan Markle and Prince Harry decided to spend the day with their children, as their daughter Lilibet 'Lili' Diana turned one today. Charlotte and George were the only great-grandchildren of the Queen in attendance at tonight's event. The monarch herself was not among those seated in the royal box, but is believed to have watched the spectacle from her residence in Windsor. And she still managed to be present during the show, as at the beginning of the concert the BBC aired a heartwarming clip featuring the Queen and Paddington bear. The skit started with the adorable bear joining the Queen at the Palace for tea. Paddington, known for his love for marmelade sandwiches, thanked Her Majesty for having him as a guest. The 96-year-old monarch looked on as the bear eagerly drank the whole tea set on the table and reassured him she did not mind his manners. After he dropped the teapot into the cream cakes and splattered one of the Queen's aides as a consequence, the monarch was left in stitches. He then said: "Oh dear, perhaps you would like a marmalade sandwich? I always keep one for emergencies." To his surprise, Queen Elizabeth replied: "So do I, I keep mine in here for later" before pulling a sandwich out of her handbag. MORE TO FOLLOW