Nate Diaz has publicly asked for his UFC release as he teases a boxing fight with Jake Paul - the YouTuber turned boxer who has been at the centre of several multi-million pound showdowns. Diaz has one fight left on his UFC contract and has been out of action for over a year. The Stockton southpaw has repeatedly demanded he be released from the company and claims the UFC won’t book him to fight. In March he took to social media to issue a request, tagging the UFC and UFC president Dana White in a tweet. "I would like to request to be released from the [UFC]," Diaz wrote on Twitter. "I apologize for asking online but [you] don't give me a fight [ASAP] I've got s*** to do." After he received no response, Diaz protested by urinating outside the UFC Performance Institute and has now issued his latest appeal. In a tweet with a video of Jake Paul knocking out former UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley, Diaz wrote: “UFC release now please or give me fight with anyone in July or August I have bigger s*** to do.” That bigger challenge appears to be Jake Paul. Rumours began to arise that the pair would face off last year after Paul claimed he would ‘knock out Nate Diaz after he knocked out Woodley’ 12 months ago. But Diaz may have to wait in line for his shot at Paul. According to Paul’s coach, Danny Smith, ‘The Problem Child’s’ long-awaited grudge match with Tommy Fury is ‘90 per cent done’. Talking to Vegas Insider, Smith said: “I'd probably say that we're around 90 per cent done but we're just waiting on their end. We're good on our end. Whatever particulars that need to be worked out their end that's what we're waiting on." MORE BOXING NEWS... Tyson's two-word response on dealing with fans after plane punch-up Fury promoter 'expects' Gypsy King to unretire and could fight Joyce Whyte mocked as Joyce makes fight offer to man who Fury 'outclassed' When asked whether the Fury fight is the best next step for Jake, Smith responded: “I think so without question. And I like it because Tommy is a very fast foot guy, very fast hands and he moves around and understands distance and range, he boxes fairly well. It's going to be really, really good. He's not a huge puncher, but decent, with the right hand he is pretty decent. I think that it's a really, really good step up for both guys to be honest with you. The reason I'm picking Jake to beat Tommy is because Jake has more of a dog mentality, the bigger puncher, and he's willing to trade." Paul recently announced that his next fight will take place at Madison Square Garden, New York City on August 6 against an undisclosed opponent, likely to be Fury. The event will reportedly be broadcasted live on Showtime PPV with featherweight world champion Amanda Serrano also on the bill.