High blood pressure is a very common condition that affects more than a quarter of all adults in the UK. Some exercises could help to protect against high blood pressure, however. These are the exercises you should add to your workout routine. High blood pressure, which is also known as hypertension, is a serious medical condition that increases the risk of some deadly complications. Hypertension puts extra stress on the blood vessels, which are responsible for delivering blood to the body's vital organs. People with high blood pressure are more at risk of heart attacks and strokes. But there are a number of easy lifestyle changes that could help to protect against hypertension. READ MORE: High blood pressure: The eyesight issue that’s a possible sign Walking at a moderate pace reduces blood vessel stiffness, according to cardiologist Wesley Tyree. Stiffer blood vessels makes it harder for blood to flow more easily throughout the body, he wrote for medical website HonorHealth. Biking, or even stationary cycling, could also lower blood vessel stiffness, he said. Aim for 30 minutes a day of cycling, or three separate 10-minute sessions, for the most noticeable effects. Strength training raises blood pressure temporarily, but has an overall positive impact in the long-term, said Dr Tyree. It helps overall fitness, which has a knock-on effect for blood pressure, he claimed. Adults over 60 years old would particularly benefit from regular swimming, he added. The exercise helps patients to control their blood pressure, and could even lower your systolic reading by 9mmHg. DON'T MISSBlood pressure: Doctor’s 4 top nutrients to reduce hypertension [ANALYSIS]Supplements: Taking omega-3 could offer ‘substantial reductions’ in BP [LATEST]High blood pressure: The veg that ‘significantly’ lowers hypertension [EXPLAINER] Dr Tyree said: "The benefits of exercise are not realised if the exercise is not sustained. "So, the 'use it or lose it' theory is true. "You can lose gains after stopping exercise for two weeks. "Moderate exercise for 150 minutes per week or vigorous exercise for 75 minutes per week is the standard recommendation." You could also lower your blood pressure by making a few changes to your daily diet. The easiest way to lower your blood pressure is to cut back on the amount of salt you eat. Adults should avoid eating more than 6g of salt in a 24-hour period - the equivalent to about a teaspoonful. Everyone over the age of 40 years old should check their blood pressure at least once every five years.