Ozark premiered its fourth and final season in April which, much to fans’ dismay, officially closed the chapter on the Netflix crime series. Following its end, showrunner Chris Mundy opened up about a major change in season four and detailed its difficulties.  After Ozark premiered in 2017, its gripping storyline was a huge win with fans as the show secured a spot on Netflix’s top 10. A number of cast members from the series also went on to win coveted awards for their portrayals, which saw Ozark become an acclaimed series. As a result, fans were eager to watch the return of its fourth season after an almost two-year hiatus from its previous instalment. Although the series returned and was a huge success with fans, its comeback also brought on some difficulties for the showrunners behind the scenes. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Out of all the instalments of Ozark, season four was the longest with 14 episodes and the only one with two parts. This change in format was tough for the show’s producer Chris Mundy, which he detailed in an interview with GoldDerby. He explained: “We thought of it as two different seasons just because people were going to experience it that way. “So, we just had to break it that way, we had to feel like episode seven really came to some sort of end, at least emotionally.”  Mundy continued: “The (episode) eight needed to start up like a final, real chapter and then when you pasted it all together they had to make coherent sense. “Especially because we were hoping they would run the way they did, which is pretty close together so people didn't have to wait a long time.” Reflecting on this challenge, the showrunner reflected: “It was a little tricky and just that way, so you know it's one season but it’s not its two seasons but it’s not. Mundy went on to explain Ruth's (Julia Garner) emotional ending in episode seven was the hinge as she kicked off episode eight full of vengeance. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Creator shares the true meaning of Byrdes’ car crash [INSIGHT]|Ozark's Jason Bateman's major next role confirmed after Netflix finale [INSIGHT] While the final season of Ozark continued to follow the Byrde family and their money-laundering complications, Ruth played an even major role. In the mid-season finale, she had found the dead body of her cousin Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) and his wife Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery). Ruth was left beyond heartbroken as the pair had been married for less than 24 hours and in her rage, she unleashed anger on the Byrdes. Although, she initially blamed them before learning the Cartel leader's nephew Javi Elizonndro (Alfonso Herrera) was who pulled the fatal trigger. 