The Governmental department revealed that 321 migrants in seven boats had crossed the English Channel over a 24-hour period. It comes after the Government abandoned plans to send the first flight of asylum seekers to Rwanda earlier this week. It is believed that more than 10,000 people have crossed the English Channel in small boats so far this year, according to figures collated by the BBC. The figure is believed to be more than double what it was during the same period last year. About 8,400 migrants crossed 2020, and more than 28,000 made the journey in 2021.  In April, Boris Johnson announced controversial plans to send some asylum seekers to Rwanda as part of a five-year trial. However, the first flight to Rwanda was cancelled on Tuesday due to a last-minute ruling from the European Court of Human Rights. British Home Secretary Priti Patel said she was disappointed that “legal challenge and last-minute claims” meant the plane did not take off but vowed to pursue the heavily criticised policy. In a statement, Ms Patel said: "We will not be deterred.  READ MORE: IDS delivers KEY message to May on how to handle EU in Brexit talks   “Our legal team are reviewing every decision made on this flight and preparation for the next flight begins now.” But Yvette Cooper, the shadow home secretary, said: "Ministers are pursuing a policy they know isn’t workable and that won’t tackle criminal gangs. But they still paid Rwanda £120m and hired a jet that hasn’t taken off because they just want a row and someone else to blame.” The legality of the Rwanda policy will be tested in a full-court hearing next month. The scheme is thought to be aimed mostly at single young migrants who arrived in the country through "illegal, dangerous or unnecessary methods" such as in small boats or lorries.  Home Office figures state that in 2021, 75 percent of all small boat arrivals were men aged 18 to 39. The 321 people who arrived in the UK on Saturday is the highest number in a single day so far this month. MOD statistics for June indicate that 377 migrants crossed the Channel over a three-day period from June 1 to June 3. Another two boats were detected carrying 79 migrants on June 7, while a further 111 migrants in three boats arrived in UK waters on June 12. 