Delighting audiences with its tense investigation into two shocking killings that shatter an already fractured community, pleas for another ticket to TV’s favourite mining village have been answered. Filming for series two of the critically acclaimed drama is set to start in 2023 and will still be partly inspired by true events from the award-winning playwright, James Graham’s past. Just like the first-time round, the next instalment will feature six 60 minute episodes and transport its millions of viewers back to the pit villages of Nottinghamshire. The new storyline will continue following themes of examining the lives and legacy of those governed by Britain’s industrial past. Viewers can expect to entangle themselves in stories from ‘red wall’ community towns, the controversial deployment of so-called ‘spycops’ and explorations of how seismic ripples from the past can come back to haunt the present. On creating what has been coined TV’s greatest drama of recent years, James Graham said: “I’ve been so deeply moved by the response to Sherwood. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret “These stories come from my home, and I want to specifically express gratitude to my community for whom I know these subjects can be difficult, but - I hope - important ones to explore. “It’s a county of great stories and legends, past and present, and I can’t wait to show audiences more. “It’s also a joy to see our incredible cast be so celebrated, along with lead director Lewis Arnold, who I owe a great debt, and Ben Williams. “It’s been the honour of my life to give voice and character to a place I love.” Being brought to life once again by House Productions, producers are excited at the prospect of digging deeper into the wider communities highlighted in Sherwood’s world. Executive producers Juliette Howell and Tessa Ross said: “No single place is defined by just one story. “It was always our intention, and hope, that James would get to return to the wider community of Nottinghamshire to explore more characters and their stories, delving into the issues and relationships that have long shaped them. “We are so grateful to the incredible team, including the brilliant Lewis Arnold and the phenomenal cast who have inhabited these beautifully complex characters which have so resonated with viewers.” DON'T MISS...Sherwood fans slam BBC over Wimbledon schedule shake-up [REACTION]Has Sherwood season 2 been confirmed by the BBC? [LATEST]BBC's Sherwood 'gasp-inducing' plot twists keeps you watching - review [REVIEW] Following the massive success of its debut this year, BBC bosses are hoping for another powerful performance from the series’ cast and crew. Ben Irving, Acting Director of BBC Drama, said: “We are thrilled that James Graham and the team at House have agreed to return to the world of Sherwood a second time. “This series has been met with an incredible reaction from audiences thanks to the amazing work of all involved." Details are being kept tightly under wraps for the moment as fans will be keen to know if the star-studded cast will return. So far, it's not been confirmed whether the likes of David Morrissey in his role as Ian St Clair will return. However, viewers can rest assured Express.co.uk will keep BBC fans updated as more news from the second series is revealed. Sherwood is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.