England's NHS website - often the first port of call for people checking symptoms - previously used the word "women" to talk about these diseases. It used to say: "Cancer of the womb (uterine or endometrial cancer) is a common cancer that affects the female reproductive system. It's more common in women who have been through the menopause." But it now says: "Most womb cancer usually starts in the lining of the womb (endometrium), this is also known as endometrial cancer." To see the word "women" being used, patients have to click further into the website. The change in wording has come under fire, from both users of the site and researchers into birth and childcare. They fear those with poor language skills, who already have "worse health outcomes", could find it difficult to understand the NHS website. Dr Karleen Gribble, of Western Sydney University, lead author of a review on the importance of sexed language in birth and childcare, said she thinks "desexed language" is "well intentioned" but could put health at "risk". She acknowledged there were some parts - subheadings - that still used the word women but added: "The very first thing needs to be who does this apply to - who needs to listen to the rest of this? Then you can give them information." Users of the website took to Twitter to attack the move. One wrote: "This is getting ridiculous." Another critic added: "If we aren't women then what are we? This is so wrong." Other examples on the NHS website - part of NHS Digital that is now under NHS England - include referring to ovarian cancer as affecting "the two organs that store the eggs needed to make babies" and over 50s. It previously said: "Ovarian cancer, or cancer of the ovaries, is one of the most common types of cancer in women." The ovaries are a pair of small organs low in the tummy that are connected to the womb and store a woman's supply of eggs. Ovarian cancer mainly affects women who have been through the menopause (usually over the age of 50), but it can sometimes affect younger women." Groups such as Ovarian Cancer Action have not adopted this terminology and instead say: "Ovarian cancer is the fifth most common cancer in women with around 7,000 new cases diagnosed in the UK each year." NHS Digital defended the wording, saying: "It is not correct to say that there is no mention of women on the ovarian, womb and cervical cancer pages. We have updated the pages to make them as helpful as possible to everyone who needs them."