Only nine percent correctly identified that pineapples grow at the centre of their own plant, with nearly half (49 percent) believing they grow on trees. The research also revealed a lack of agricultural knowledge in pre-teens, with a quarter (24 percent) believing some fruit and vegetables come from animals, or even the sea. Only two in five know of apricots, while just 40 percent of youngsters are aware of satsumas, and only 35 percent have heard of nectarines. The research was commissioned by Robinsons, to mark the launch of “The Big Fruit Hunt” game – an Augmented Reality experience that challenges players to collect virtual fruit from their surroundings, and enter a prize draw to win prizes. Spokeswoman Charlotte White said: “We were surprised by some of the statistics our research showed – especially with how many children were unaware of certain fruits. “And it also seems it's not through lack of interest, so could be as simple as providing more engaging ways to encourage children to learn more. “It’s also refreshing to see children would like to look into growing their own produce.” However, the research demonstrated that nearly a third (31 percent) think fruit and veg is from the supermarket, while 13 percent believe they come from animals, and 11 percent think we get them from the sea. More than a quarter of those polled, via OnePoll, also believe all fruit and veg is grown in the UK. Despite confusion about how and where they are grown, over half (54 percent) have tried to grow their own fruit and vegetables, and 64 percent would be interested in learning more about how to do so. On average, youngsters are eating three pieces of fruit and veg a day – mostly because they think they are good for them, although half eat it merely because their parents tell them to. However, nearly two-thirds (62 percent) are interested in learning more about where their fruit and veg comes from. Robinsons has teamed up with the National Schools Partnership to create bespoke, unbranded educational materials, to be delivered in over 350 schools to teach kids about the origins of fruit and veg. Charlotte White added: “We know kids want to learn more about fruit and veg, and we’re really excited to be providing ways to help them get a greater understanding of the food on our plates, in an engaging and insightful way. “We hope our educational materials will fill this knowledge gap, and the Big Fruit Hunt game offers families a fun and exciting way to spend time together outdoors during the school holidays.” TOP 20 FRUITS KIDS AGED 6-12 ARE LEAST FAMILIAR WITH: