Anmer Hall, a four-storey, 20-room apartment located on the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, is used as a base for the family outside of London. Prince William and Kate had fans in awe as they gave a glimpse into a kitchen during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations over the weekend, prompting speculation it could be Anmer Hall. Fans are eager to see inside the luxurious ten-bedroom country home on the Queen’s estate. The Duke and Duchess love spending their time at the second home with children Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. Over the weekend, the family were seen baking together ahead of the celebrations. It is not known if the video was filmed at Kensington Palace, their London pad, or at Anmer Hall. However, during the pandemic, the family spent the majority of their time at the second home.  Both Kate and William took royal engagements from there during the height of the lockdowns. It is believed that the couple spent upwards of £1.5 million renovating the property, with Kate taking charge of interiors, reports OK! Magazine. Prince William gave an insight into his office while chatting about football over Zoom during this time, with the background showcasing floor to ceiling bookcases. The royal couple were seen previously filming in what is believed to be their living room.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Warning as Harry and Meghan now on 'B-list' And there has been some sweet family photographs taken there, including Princess Charlotte’s first birthday where she was captured on a plaid patterned armchair. The younger royal was snapped on a wicker chair in what commentators believe is her nursery – which has been used by Prince Louis since then. She was also seen posing in front of a day bed covered in coordinating scatter cushions, and Prince George was spotted clutching his baby sister while sitting on a cream upholstered chair. The home previously featured a swimming pool and tennis court, but reports have said the Duke and Duchess decided to switch this out for an artificial lawn because of their young children.  DON'T MISS:Kate opens up on Louis after tot stole show during Jubilee events [COMMENT]London emergency: Stratford station evacuated  [PICTURES]'Looked pretty serious' Police swoop to tape off quiet city street [INSIGHT] It is also reported that Kate insisted on ensuring the kitchen was suitable for young children. Discussing the kitchen filmed in the recent Jubilee video, interior designer Benji Lewis told FEMAIL: “Whilst the overall feel of the kitchen is homely, it’s unfussy and unpretentious. “It’s certainly not a kitchen in which one would feel required to stand on ceremony, there’s nothing flashy about it, on the contrary it’s very normal with its simple knobs (some unpainted event), some open shelving and a lick of pale blue paint against soft grey or tan walls.” 