 Photos and videos of the young royals quickly emerged throughout the weekend of festivities to celebrate the Monarch’s 70th year on the throne. Prince Louis, 4, was undoubtedly the star of the show with his excited gestures and ever-changing facial expressions.   Throughout the weekend, particularly on the final day, Princess Charlotte was seen helping her mother the Duchess of Cambridge take care of the other royal children, including her younger brother. During the Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, Zara Phillips, and Mike Tindall’s daughter Mia, 8, was seen looking rather restless and upset as she got a cuddle from Kate Middleton with her face nuzzling the Duchess’s shoulder. Princess Charlotte could be seen stroking Mia’s back as Kate fixed the young girl’s headband.    With the Duchess of Cambridge busy with helping the young members of her family, the young Princess helped her by disciplining Louis. During the carriage ride to the Trooping the Colour parade, the young royal could be seen pulling Louis’ arm down to stop his manic waving. It had very little effect though as the young Prince started waving the minute she took her hand off his. Again, on Sunday when all three of the Cambridge children were out in public, Charlotte brought Louis’ hand away from his mouth to stop him from sucking his fingers. READ MORE: What plants to prune now to help 'successful growth' in the garden   Charlotte then made a gesture shaking her fist at her brother in a warning to stop him from sucking his fingers again when her mother stepped in and spoke to the young Princess. Prince Louis was then seen to be mocking his sister by copying her gesture in an act typically seen in sibling relationships before Kate also puts his hand down into his lap. During the long Pageant, Prince Louis was also seen pulling faces at his mum with him blowing a raspberry at her and at one point putting his hand over her mouth in a way that all mothers can relate to. DON'T MISS: Plotting to oust Boris will end in electoral failure - PATRICK O'FLYNN [COMMENT]Johnson slammed for trying to regain trust with NHS rescue plan [REACTION]Queen should make key political decisions over Boris - new poll [INSIGHT]   Mike Tindall was later seen pulling faces at the young Prince in an effort to entertain him and made a gesture that seemed to say ‘I’m looking at you’ as he smiled at the Prince. It’s not only her younger brother that gets a dressing down, but Charlotte was also seen showing Prince George how to stand on the balcony, which he immediately followed. The two eldest Cambridge children have learnt many lessons in recent months on royal behaviour and etiquette in public. For the first time, the two children were seen on a public engagement in Cardiff with their parents Prince William and the Duchess. 