But nearly two years on, theories have begun circulating around the tensions between Harry and the rest of the royal family, with some suggesting different reasons why the pair decided to step down. A Page Six report suggested that Meghan Markle was behind the decision, with the Duchess opening up about the “intense scrutiny” she faces. If Meghan did make this decision to step down, it would have left Prince Harry contemplating whom to side with over his wife and infant son or the Palace. Harry and Meghan’s children have largely been kept out of the public eye — only a handful of photographs of Archie have been released, while only one of Lilibet had made it into the public domain before last week.    A second theory suggests that Harry simply wanted a “normal” life away from the Firm. In an interview with Mail on Sunday in 2017, Prince Harry admitted that at one time, he wanted out of the spotlight. He said: “I felt I wanted out but then decided to stay in and work out a role for myself.” Prince Harry has openly struggled with the death of his mum, Princess Diana, for which it is believed he widely blames the British tabloids.   Speaking on Sky News, royal author Tina Brown claimed that the Duke of Sussex is "continuing" Diana's legacy by "throwing hand grenades". Ms Brown said: "Harry was the real, kind of, unsettling surprise. In a way, Harry has, sort of, continued his mother's legacy, essentially, of throwing hand grenades". I think that's what they found so destabilising is that Harry, they don't quite know when another one of the guns is going to go off. Which is what we've been seeing, well, for the last four, five years". Another questionable theory is that Prince William “bullied” Harry and Meghan into leaving, though this has no evidence. In a joint statement, the Duke of Sussex and the Duke of Cambridge adamantly denied these reports: “Despite clear denials, a false story ran in a UK newspaper today speculating about the relationship between the Duke of Sussex and the Duke of Cambridge. “For brothers who care so deeply about the issues surrounding mental health, the use of inflammatory language in this way is offensive and potentially harmful.”   READ MORE: Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op Another theory suggests Instagram had a part to play, with some fans speculating a photograph of the Queen with Prince Charles, Prince William and a young Prince George released by the Palace upset Prince Harry. The photograph was dubbed a “line of succession” to the throne. Some thought Harry felt left out by not being included in the portrait, but it seems unlikely a photograph would lead to the decision of stepping down from his duties. A fifth theory is that Harry and Meghan simply wanted more freedom, which the pair did open up about during their interview with Oprah in 2020. Meghan spoke about the change of lifestyle after marrying Prince Harry and joining the Royal Family, including the various protocols she had to follow.   DON'T MISS:Warning issued over strange foam appearing on garden plants [INSIGHT]Malta makes huge post-Brexit passport U-turn for Britons [ANALYSIS]Princess Anne ‘sees straight through’ Meghan Markle claims psychic [PICTURES] The Duchess also spoke of mental health issues she faced after joining the Firm, and how she felt her needs were not handled in the way she would have hoped. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex openly said that they hoped to become “financially independent” and have since started filming for their new Netflix series. The final theory that has been widely circulated is that Harry and Meghan were incensed by Her Majesty. When Queen Elizabeth II gave her annual video Christmas message, viewers noticed a family photo of Meghan, Harry and Archie was missing from her desk, despite there being a portrait of the Cambridges, Prince Charles and Camilla, her father King George and a sweet picture of her husband Prince Phillip. People were quick to question why the Sussexes were not present, but not all the Queen’s grandchildren were represented, meaning it is unlikely this was the sole reason behind their decision to leave.  