Nicola Sturgeon has said that an independent Scotland would play a key role in protecting the world’s seas against Russian aggression, despite the SNP’s determination to scrap the UK’s nuclear submarine base at Faslane. During a speech in Washington, the First Minister said that President Putin’s invasion of Ukraine had cemented her belief that Scotland should join NATO after breaking away from the United Kingdom. The notion was reflected by a foreign affairs spokesperson for the SNP.  In spite of strong rhetoric by the SNP against a nuclear deterrence, the war in Ukraine has sparked a u-turn, prompting the party to announce it would seek to join NATO should it become an independent nation, and may include hosting nuclear weapons. The SNP had previously pledged to remove the Trident nuclear deterrent programme from its home in Faslane and Coulport. A dilemma now exists in the notion that no country is both a member of NATO and a signatory of the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The UK's nuclear warheads and the four submarines capable of firing them are all based in Scotland. There is currently no suitable alternative home for them elsewhere in the UK. Non-nuclear membership of the 28-member North Atlantic Treaty Organization remains the priority for the SNP, who pointed out that other interested members Sweden and Finland do not have nuclear weapons, nor do they have the intention of obtaining them. Yet the news of a change of heart has been revealed in an exclusive article today. READ MORE:Scots independence supporters told to HIDE English hatred Conor Matchett of The Scotsman wrote on Twitter: "SNP may ditch pledge to sign treaty opposing nuclear weapons to join Nato after independence, MP comments suggest No country is both a member of Nato and a signatory of the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons." The news caused an immediate reaction on social media, with many mocking Ms Sturgeon in the process. Peter Jeffries wrote: "Brexiteers...Krankie is completely deluded. "If she gets independence, Scotland will be the guardian of the seas by joining NATO? "She can't even get two ferries built." DON'T MISS:Crime gangs target vulnerable in new scam [REVEAL]UK makes £265m upgrade to Royal Navy's Tomahawk missiles [INSIGHT] Bombshell new poll exposes how unpopular Macron is in France [REPORT]