You’re so active and occupied that other people are expecting you to run out of energy. This isn’t going to happen as you feel so high spirited and confident that whatever goal you set for yourself, you will reach it and you will reach it soon. People around you are growing impatient with a job that is making slow progress. They might suggest cutting corners to speed things up. Their impatience won’t influence you. Instead, suggest they move on to other tasks while you continue with this one until you get results. Your thoughts are turning to the possibility of enrolling on a study or training course. It will be frustrating to find you have just missed out on a one that has recently begun but at least if you get your name down for the next, you will feel a lot happier.  Believe in yourself and in your skills and talents. You’re going through a difficult time but you can get through this. Just breathe, remind yourself of all your past achievements and blow those grey clouds away. The Sun will soon come out again and you are about to shine. One way to avoid hostility is to keep an argumentative friend, relative or neighbour at arm’s length. Don’t underestimate the value of time spent alone. In fact this is needed in order to find answers and organise your thoughts in the midst of the chaos going on around you. Whether you are recovering from an illness or coming to terms with some sadness, removing unhappy reminders that remain around your home will help the healing process. Life is about to become incredibly busy and you won’t want to turn down new opportunities and options that could improve your circumstances.  You are starting to recognise how being unproductive is so time-wasting. You need something to do that stimulates your imagination and creativity. You’re tired of feeling restless and unfocused. Sprucing up your workspace by adding bright colours will help promote a more positive vibe. Someone is starting to lean on you too heavily. For a change, instead of helping them, think about helping yourself. That means turning people away if the demands they are making on you are keeping you from making progress with your own life. Everything is running smoothly but a bit too smoothly for your liking. There is no challenge and nothing to inspire or uplift you. Others around you might be happy with this situation but you are ready to start looking for something new. You want to feel enthusiastic and motivated again.  When normally you prefer to keep yourself to yourself, you could be surprised by the active social life you now seem to be leading. Friends and neighbours are keen to involve you in events they are planning and this gives you a lot to look forward to over the months ahead. You won’t be comfortable with a friend or relative’s curiosity. They’re taking too much interest in your personal business. Even if you have to be curt, explain there are some things you would rather keep to yourself. Private deals and transactions should be kept that way. A friend or relative thinks they can interfere in your life by making decisions for you. They will be annoyed when you decide not to go along with their suggestions. This is your choice relating to your life and it is time you started to challenge their unreasonable behaviour. 