Production has begun on the sun-soaked location of Guadeloupe for the BBC drama's second Christmas special, which will kickstart series 12 of Death in Paradise. The next season won't air until next year, but with confirmation of another festive episode, fans will get their fix of the crime drama before the year ends. After series 11's bombshell discovery for the Commissioner (played by Don Warrington), fans will be eager to find out what happened next. Could the show's stalwart leave the island to connect with the daughter he didn't know about? The BBC has confirmed the festive, feature-length episode which, as well as the Commissioner, will see the return of Detective Inspector Neville Parker (Ralf Little), Catherine Bordey (Élizabeth Bourgine), Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles), Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) and Darlene Curtis (Ginny Holder) as they attempt to work out a Christmas cracker of a case. The last series saw journalist Maggie Harper (Orla Brady) interviewing Julius Rotfeld (David Sibley) ahead of his next chess championship, during which he was poisoned. However, it soon became clear she had other motives for being in Saint Marie. She showed a particular interest in Commissioner Selwyn, who was concerned when he saw her. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert It was soon revealed the mystery woman was the Commissioner's ex-wife. The pair soon began reminiscing and catching up, with Selwyn commenting: "So, how's your life? "I remember reading in one of your articles that you were married." "I was, he died a year ago," Maggie replied. "Steven was a journalist too, and a very loving man." "I'm so sorry," Selwyn commented before Maggie explained: "He was very ill with cancer, so it wasn't a surprise. "Andrina and I - my daughter and I - we had time to prepare." "You have a daughter?" inquired the Commissioner. Magie nodded and told her ex: "She's all grown up now." Maggie was heading back to England when the Commissioner stopped her to find out more. DON'T MISS... Springwatch backlash as fans fume at Megan McCubbin's 'shag' innuendo [REACTION]EastEnders theory: Mitch shaken as brother Avery unveils secret [THEORY]Silent Witness admits they ‘wanted to cry’ ahead of return [EXCLUSIVE] "Please, I deserve the truth," he pleaded with Maggie, who decided to explain everything. She admitted she had been worried he would hate her, and when he questioned why she felt that way, she made a shocking admission. "Andrina, my daughter... that's her," she remarked, showing him a photograph. The Commissioner later spoke to Catherine, and he confided in her about the shocking news that he had a daughter. Could the Christmas special see the Death in Paradise favourite getting to know his daughter?  He might see Christmas as the perfect occasion to reach out to the child he didn't know he had and build a relationship with her. Perhaps he will spend some time away from the island to visit her or invite her to spend some time with him. If so, this could present a new, softer side to Selwyn, who usually keeps his personal life very private. Last year, 2021’s first-ever festive special gained an audience of over 8.8 million, making it the third most-watched show of the festive period. Executive Producer Tim Key commented: “We had been wanting to do a Death in Paradise Christmas special for years and so to be starting production on our second one this year is brilliant. "We’ve got a fantastic story which comes loaded with all the mystery, intrigue and surprise that our fans love to see." Could the mystery and intrigue be surrounding the Commissioner and his family? Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.