Mohamed Salah would prefer to join another Premier League club if he ends up leaving Liverpool upon the expiry of his contract, according to reports. The Egyptian, who shared this season's Golden Boot with Tottenham Son Heung-min, is still yet to agree terms over a new deal meaning his contract is due to expire in the summer of 2023. Salah has already confirmed he'll be staying at Liverpool next season whatever happens but the longer the saga rumbles on, the more likely the 29-year-old looks to leave. The Athletic are now reporting that Salah would favour a Premier League move if he was unable to agree a contract extension. The revelation is likely to place the likes of Manchester City, Chelsea and Manchester United on alert ahead of an interesting 12 months. Although Salah would be expected to move abroad out of respect for Liverpool, there is nothing to suggest staying in England is not beyond the realms of possibilities. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting He has of course previously played at Chelsea prior to his Liverpool days but Paris Saint-Germain, Barcelona and Real Madrid are expected to lead the race for his signature. It's understood that there have been no face-to-face meetings between Salah's representative Ramy Abbas Issa and Liverpool since December. The Reds are reluctant to break their wage structure, which is something they must do in order to match Salah's wage demands. He is currently among the club's top earners with Virgil van Dijk and Thiago Alcantara but is determined to land a significant pay rise in order to agree to a new deal. READ MORELiverpool 'have dream transfer for 2023' after Aurelien Tchouameni's private declaration Tottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Salah has made it clear on a number of occasions that he wants to stay at the club, leaving the ball firmly in Liverpool's court. "I don't know, I have one year left. I think the fans know what I want, but in the contract it's not everything about the money at all," he said. "So I don't know, I can't tell you exactly. I have one year left and the fans know what I want. "This club means a lot to me - I've enjoyed my football here more than anywhere, I gave the club everything and everybody saw that. "I've had a lot of unbelievable moments here, winning trophies, individual goals, individual trophies. It's like a family here." Salah's team-mate Sadio Mane has also been unable to agree a contract extension and now he's set to leave Liverpool this summer. Bayern Munich are at the front of the queue and would love to sign the Senegal international on a permanent deal. Negotiations between the two clubs are set to commence in the coming weeks although Liverpool want a replacement signed first before they will agree to a sale.