In total 66 percent of people in an exclusive TechneUK poll for Express.co.uk said the Prime Minister had failed to act. Just 20 percent believed he was fulfilling what he pledged, while 16 percent said they were unsure. The pollsters spoke to 1,626 UK adults on June 8-9 to gather the results. The findings come amid increased pressure on the Prime Minister to start delivering in office. After narrowly surviving Monday’s confidence vote, Tory MPs have warned Mr Johnson he must start implementing election-winning policies. The Conservatives won the last election largely on the back of the pledge to “get Brexit done”. READ MORE: Boris blasted for leaving part of UK ‘behind in the EU’ Many constituencies in the north of England voted for the Tories for the first time in 2019 in order to finally break free of the EU’s orbit. MPs in the so-called Red Wall seats fear they will be turfed out at the next election if they fail to prove to voters that they have made the most of the opportunities presented by Brexit. Having control was seen as one of the top reasons by voters for leaving the EU. Ministers say the UK’s immigration system is now fairer than when a part of the bloc as those on the continent are treated in a similar fashion to those from the rest of the world. The Government says it is now able to attract the top talent from across the globe to Britain, rather than basing immigration on geographical location. However, the UK continues to struggle to contain illegal crossings in small boats over the English Channel from Calais. DON'T MISS:Pipe down Remainers! Brexit is about the long haul not a quick fix [COMMENT]Unelected peers vow to thwart Boris' plan to stand up to the EU [WARNING]‘Don’t punish the Brits!’ EU nations blow top at VDL for BLOCKING UK [REACTION] Nearly 10,000 people so far this year have reached the UK via illegal channel crossings. Following the results of the polls for Express.co.uk, one Tory MP told this website: “We need to sort the dinghies out. “Constituents repeatedly write to me saying it is one of their biggest concerns. “They’re frustrated that we’ve left the EU but still seem to have a problem with migrants from France.” Another said they were “not surprised” by the poll’s findings, adding: “We need to prove we’re actually doing something about it.” Earlier this week, Mr Johnson promised to focus on delivering on the priorities of voters. The morning after seeing off the Tory rebellion, ahead of meeting his Cabinet, he said: “This is a Government that delivers on what the people of this country care about most. “We have pledged £37billion to support households with their finances, made our communities safer through hiring 13,500 more police officers, and tackled the Covid backlogs in the NHS by opening nearly 100 Community Diagnostic Centres so people can access care closer to home. “Today, I pledge to continue delivering on these priorities. We are on the side of hard-working British people, and we are going to get on with the job.”