Mum Alex Adenaike said her daughter Simi, seven, stood on the throwaway barbeque while at the beach with her family. The barbeque was said to have been buried in the sand but still hot from being used that day.  Ms Adenaike was alerted to the painful incident at Swansea Bay when she heard her daughter let out a “horrifying scream”. Swansea Council has warned disposable barbeques can stay hot for hours after use and anyone who buries them in the sand is “simply irresponsible and thoughtless”. The seven-year-old suffered burns to the bottom of her feet as a result, and may require a skin graft for the injury. Ms Adenaike, from Mount Pleasant, Swansea, said her daughter was initially in too much pain to speak.  She said: "We had only just arrived at the beach and were looking forward to having some fun. "The children started playing almost immediately and had been running around in the sand. "We heard a horrifying scream and my daughter came running back. "She was in so much pain, she was unable to tell us what happened. Eventually we realised one of her feet was very red and blistered.  READ MORE: Putin sends in old men and reserves as Russia 'running low on leaders' "We had some help from some other visitors on the beach to cool down the burn with water and we got her to hospital immediately." The family found the disposable barbeque in the sand and were told by other beach goers that a group had been using it prior to the family arriving. Ms Adenaike said: "This is so upsetting and my daughter is now needing further treatment and possibly a skin graft." She added that there were barbecue bins nearby.  DON'T MISS:Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [INSIGHT]'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [COMMENT]Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits [ANALYSIS] Swansea councillor Cyril Anderson described the incident as "horrendous". The cabinet member said barbecues stayed hot for hours after use and could cause serious burns. The council had installed special bins so people would not leave them behind, he said. "Anyone who thinks that it's OK to bury barbecues or any other waste in the sand on a day out is simply irresponsible and thoughtless to the injuries they can cause to beach users," Mr Anderson added. 