Bloating is one of the most common gastrointestinal complaints caused by gas in the gut. It can be brought on by certain food and fizzy drinks or by swallowing air when eating. But a nutritionist has reassured there is a simple way to ease the uncomfortable feeling in a person's tummy. Expert Gabrielle Fondaro from Barbend revealed what basic exercises bloating sufferers can do to alleviate symptoms. "Simple stretching and basic pilates movements can help relieve the built-up water and gas that causes bloat," she said. "Pilates is also a great way to strengthen core muscles and will help to flatten out your stomach." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Exercises that help strengthen the abdominal muscles are very beneficial because they move some of that built-up gas through the digestive tract. "Celebrities such as Miley Cyrus, Kendall Jenner and Lady Gaga absolutely swear by doing pilates," Ms Fondaro added. She laid out three specific pilates exercises and stretches that are great bloat busters. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] For this, a person needs to lie flat on their back with their arms by their sides and squeeze their legs together, extending them out. Lift both legs a few inches off the ground whilst squeezing glutes and engaging abs. Lift your head whilst looking towards your toes. Raise your arms up and pump them up and down whilst keeping your legs straight up. Hold position and pump your arms 10 times. A person should begin by lying down on their front, extending their arms in front of them and their legs out behind. Then press their pubic bone down into the floor, to anchor the pelvis. Lift the arms and chest and keep the shoulders down and away from the ears and keep the shoulder blades tucked into the back. A person should alternate lifting each arm and leg and continue for five controlled breaths. This exercise will also do wonders for "strengthening the core muscles," experts at Barbend assured. People wanting to try this should start by lying on their backs with arms by their sides, palms face down. Begin to lift the legs towards the ceiling whilst taking a deep breath, then exhale whilst lifting the pelvis and legs up over the head. The thighs should be above the face and feet will be pointing to the wall behind. Try to touch the toes to the floor behind the head and while exhaling, slowly roll back down to the starting position – repeat eight to 10 times.