Emma Raducanu burst onto the scene at Wimbledon in 2021 as she went from home sweetheart wildcard to fourth round fairytale, becoming the first British woman since Elena Baltacha in 2002 to reach at least the third round before she was forced to retire against Ajla Tomljanovic. However, the US Open would prove to be the teenager’s crowning moment - quite literally - as she stunned the world to claim her maiden Grand Slam title in just her second major tournament. Raducanu’s US Open title win was truly historic. She won the Flushing Meadows tournament just months after making her professional tournament, and she claimed the record for the fewest majors played prior to winning a title in the Open Era while she became the first British woman to win a Grand Slam singles title since Virginia Wade won Wimbledon at 1977. She also became the first qualifier in the Open Era to win a Grand Slam title, and she did it without dropping a set as she defeated Leylah Fernandez in the final. As a result, Raducanu flew up the WTA rankings to land at World No. 23. After a months battling injury and coaching changes, Raducanu enters Wimbledon ranked 11th in the world - the highest ranking she has achieved in her career to date. Since her US Open triumph, the Brit has become one of the most sought-after marketed stars in the world. READ MORE: Tennis player at Nadal-run Mallorca Open hit on head by falling board Not only did Raducanu win herself £1.8 million in prize money at the US Open, but she has penned a number of endorsement deals with headline brands including Porsche, Evian and Dior. She is also a brand ambassador for British Airways, Vodafone, and Tiffany & Co. For her clothing and shoes, Raducanu is sponsored by Nike while her racquets are sponsored by Wilson. This has led the Brit to accumulate a net worth of just over £4 million heading into the 2022 edition of Wimbledon. Her lucrative sponsorship deals are being organised and negotiated by IMG’s Max Eisenbud on her behalf, with the agent having previously worked with five-time Grand Slam champion Maria Sharapova. Thanks to her immense success in 2021, Raducanu was also named BBC Sports Personality of the Year and awarded an MBE in the New Year’s Honour’s list. DON'T MISSNadal told he's achieved 'greatest sport achievement of any person'Why no tennis player can copy Russian's plan to avoid Wimbledon banEight Brits hoping to emulate Emma Raducanu in Wimbledon qualifying The deal with mobile phone giant Vodafone is believed to be worth approximately £3 million annually, while she was seen donning Tiffany during her US Open run after signing with the jewellers following Wimbledon. She acts as a global ambassador for British Airways, who fly her to tournaments and training around the world. Raducanu has been signed with Nike for almost four years, although this deal was reportedly renegotiated after she burst onto the sporting stage last year. The Nike outfit which she wore when winning the US Open has been donated to the Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island.