Shaka Hislop has urged Manchester United to move Anthony Martial on “as best you can” and offered a way the Red Devils can offload the Frenchman this summer. Following a failed loan at Sevilla last season, the club are reportedly prepared for the 26-year-old to remain at Old Trafford as they struggle to find a suitor for the forward. United boss Erik ten Hag has sanctioned the sale of Martial according to reports if a suitable offer does arrive, but there appears to be a lack of interest in the man that has scored just eight times for United in the past two seasons. The former Monaco man has two years left on his contract at the club, and ex-West Ham goalkeeper Hislop believes that the club may have to take a financial hit to move on Martial. “If you’re Manchester United you move him on as best you can,” Hislop told ESPN. “The trouble is I don’t know who takes that chance, incredibly talented footballer but given how hard he pushed for that move to Sevilla in January, you thought he’s just not happy, hasn’t settled at Old Trafford for whatever reason but it just hasn’t worked. “He pushed really hard for that loan move and you thought once he pushed that hard he would recognise the opportunity and take it and it was disappointing in the end. “Seeing that, seeing how he pushed for that move, made it happen and then how quickly it fell flat. If I’m a buying club, I don’t know why I’d take the chance, I really don’t, I really, really do not. “Then on very good money at Man United so unless Man United are willing to subsidise to the tune of 75-80 per cent of his wage, I think they’re stuck with him.”  Martial made just nine La Liga appearances after joining Sevilla on loan in January, and his only goal for the club came in the Europa League against Dinamo Zagreb. Under former boss Ralf Rangnick the Frenchman saw limited minutes and revealed that he pushed for a loan away from Manchester to play regular football. "I asked United to leave because I wanted to play,” Martial said in March. “I still have a contract, but they know what I want, so we will see at the end of the season. When [Rangnick] arrived, my objective was to leave. I told him I wanted to leave, and that's it." Martial has been capped 30 times by France, but has not made the last four squads named by Didier Deschamps and will need to be playing week in, week out in order to stake a claim for a spot in France’s World Cup squad this summer.