Will Smith, 53, and Jada Pinkett Smith, 50, tied the knot with her husband in 1997 and the couple shares three adult children together, Jaden Smith, 23, Willow Smith, 21, and Trey Smith, 29, from Will's relationship with his first wife Sheree Zampino. The Girls Trip actress previously spoke out and released a statement on social media as she addressed their marriage. The A-lister took to Facebook and posted a lengthy statement after fans assumed the pair were in an open relationship. In 2013, rumors sparked that Jada and Will had an open marriage. It comes after she stated in an interview: "I've always told Will, 'You can do whatever you want as long as you can look at yourself in the mirror and be okay.' "Because at the end of the day, Will is his own man. I'm here as his partner, but he is his own man." READ MORE: Adele fans rage at singer as she announces new gig 'What about Vegas' The mum-of-two later clarified her comments, writing: "Open marriage? "Let me first say this, there are far more important things to talk about in regards to what is happening in the world than whether I have an open marriage or not. I am addressing this issue because a very important subject has been born from discussions about my statement that may be worthy of addressing. "The statement I made in regard to, 'Will can do whatever he wants,' has illuminated the need to discuss the relationship between trust and love and how they co-exist. "Do we believe loving someone means owning them? Do we believe that ownership is the reason someone should 'behave?' Do we believe that all the expectations, conditions, and underlying threats of 'you better act right or else' keep one honest and true?" She continued: "Do we believe that we can have meaningful relationships with people who have not defined nor live by the integrity of his or her higher self? What of unconditional love? Or does love look like, feel like, and operate as enslavement? Do we believe that the more control we put on someone the safer we are? What of TRUST and LOVE? "Should we be married to individuals who can not be responsible for themselves and their families within their freedom? Should we be in relationships with individuals who we can not entrust to their own values, integrity, and LOVE...for us???" Jada finished: "Here is how I will change my statement...Will and I BOTH can do WHATEVER we want, because we TRUST each other to do so. This does NOT mean we have an open relationship...this means we have a GROWN one." Will later confirmed their marriage status in September 2021, saying that they both felt "miserable" in a monogamous relationship. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham admits she's happy to go braless at 48[LATEST]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen vows to wear 'inappropriate clothing'[ADMISSION]Amanda Holden, 51, flaunts impressive flexibility in mini dress[PICTURES] "Jada never believed in conventional marriage," Will told GQ magazine. "Jada had family members that had an unconventional relationship. So she grew up in a way that was very different than how I grew up." The news came one year after Jada admitted to having an "entanglement" with musician August Alsina, who was 25 at the time. Will and Jada have been married for 24 years. The two met in 1994 on the set of Will's television show, The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, while Jada was auditioning for the role of his character's girlfriend, Lisa Wilkes. After dating for a few years, they got married in 1997 while Jada was three months pregnant with their son Jaden Smith. In 2000, she then gave birth to her daughter, Willow Smith. The couple was embroiled in another controversy this year after Will slapped Chris Rock on stage during the Academy Awards after he aimed a joke at his wife Jada.