And importantly it also looks like HMG is finally tackling the issue of a foreign court, the European court of Justice having the final say in part of the United Kingdom. Despite all the crying, wailing and gnashing of teeth from the Labour Party and their Remainer friends in the Conservative AND Unionist party, none of this should be a surprise as it was set out very clearly in the Command paper of last July, from the Government.  Then, the Brexit Minister, Lord Frost laid out what was needed and yet since then the Europeans have done diddly squat. Yet Sir Keir Starmer tells us legislation is not the way forward but negotiation - how can you negotiate with an organisation which refuses to engage with what you have put forward but instead tell you that their negotiating mandate has not changed. Go figure? Members of the Commons and the Lords should ask themselves are they looking after the interests of the United Kingdom or the European Union. It’s a simple question with a simple answer. The legislation is important as it is long overdue recognition by the Prime Minister and his Government that the Protocol must be replaced with arrangements that respect Northern Ireland’s place within the United Kingdom. As it stands the protocol endangers jobs, drives up costs for customers at a time when we are facing a cost-of-living crisis generally and reduces choice on our shelves. Those who never accepted the UK’s decision to leave the EU will say that this legislation endangers devolution in NI. The Remainer alliance in Northern Ireland (Sinn Fein, SDLP and the Alliance party) will tell you that they want to keep the Protocol as is, even though it is damaging cross community relations and costing our economy dearly – the Road Haulage Association for example tell us that haulage costs have risen by 27 percent as a direct result of the protocol.  In Northern Ireland we have a system of government under the Belfast agreement that only works under consensus, that is, that a majority in both communities agree on the way forward. In January 2020, the Assembly and Executive was reconstituted after a three-year boycott by Sinn Fein under an agreement called ‘New Decade, New Approach’. The agreement was the basis of starting devolution again and in that agreement, there was a commitment by the Government to restore Northern Ireland’s place in the UK internal market. It has taken two and half years but at last the Government is taking action to do just that – and remember all the parties in Northern Ireland subscribe to the New Decade, New Approach agreement - something the Remainer alliance conveniently never mention. Not one unionist representative in the Assembly supports the Protocol, and because we have a system of power sharing not majority rule this needs to be fixed. Progress is only made in NI with the support of nationalists and unionists and devolution is not sustainable so long as the sea border between Great Britain and Northern Ireland remains.  The Prime Minister has an opportunity to show us that he cares about the entirety of the UK not just bits of it and he will need all his resolve to see off the Remain establishment outside and Inside his own Party. As for a trade war by the EU, I understand that the EU can only take proportionate reaction to the actual damage caused by this move to its Single Market. As I don’t believe this move will have any negative impact on its single market the reaction should by definition be minimal. But of course the hyperbole that we will have to endure over the coming months will certainly not be proportionate - all manner of things “might” occur we will be told; indeed, the very sky may fall. The NI Protocol should never have happened. It was a monumental mistake, made possible by misinterpretation of the Belfast Agreement, wilful or otherwise. It looks as if this legislation has the intention of rectifying that mistake. The PM and his ministers must keep calm and carry on. 