Manchester United have been told it will cost £70 million to sign Brazilian winger Antony from Ajax. The Red Devils may be priced out on a move to reunite new boss Erik ten Hag with one of his stars from last season however the club are close to agreeing a £68m deal for Barcelona midfielder, Frenkie de Jong. Antony enjoyed a successful season under the new United boss in the Eredivisie last year, scoring 12 goals as the Amsterdam side went on to win the league title. The Brazilian has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford this season in order to link up with his former manager. However, the price tag has been a stumbling block for the Old Trafford side, with the club reported to have just £100m available for transfers. United’s main priority is to sign a new central midfielder and the club is close to completing a deal for Frenkie de Jong, however, this is taking up a significant proportion of their transfer budget. This may leave the Red Devils struggling to afford moves for other top targets like Antony. The prospects of this move have been worsened as a result of the Dutch champions asking price for the player, with the Mirror reporting that the Dutch champions have placed a £70m evaluation on the player. JUST IN: Arsenal 'make new £34m Lisandro Martinez bid' to pip Man Utd to transfer United could also struggle to complete deals for other Eredivise targets like Lisandro Martinez, Jurrien Timber and Tyrell Malacia. Martinez looks set to join Arsenal after the North London side submitted a £35m bid for the Argentina centre-back while fellow Ajax defender Timber is set to remain in Holland after being warned against a move to Manchester by current Netherlands manager, and former Old Trafford boss, Louis Van Gaal. The Dutchman has decided to prioritise his place in the Dutch squad for the World Cup which he felt could be put a risk with a move to the Premier League. Feyenoord left-back Malcaia looks set to join Lyon after the Dutch club agreed a £15m deal for the player who United were yet to submit a bid for. READ MORE: Barcelona 'issue Ousmane Dembele ultimatum' as Chelsea and Liverpool wait in the wings Ten Hag may be able to complete a deal for Christian Eriksen later in the window however faces stiff competition with a range of clubs at home and abroad after his signature. The Danish international is open to moving to Manchester but would like to see the calibre of the club’s other signings before making a decision. United fans will be buoyed by the news that they are close to a deal for De Jong but will remain concerned by their lack of other business given their struggles last season. Supporters will hope for more names to join later in the window including Brazilian star Antony. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here