The Government last year consulted on whether to raise the age at which people receive free prescriptions from 60 to the state pension age of 66. Whether the change goes ahead or not, millions of people are already exempt from paying NHS prescription charges. It’s never been more important for people to check they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. NHS prescriptions cost £9.35 per item in England but are currently free for anyone over 60-years-old. While proposals to charge the over 60s for their prescriptions are still being considered, millions of Britons are eligible for free prescriptions because they are suffering from certain medical conditions or on a low income. In total 15 groups of Britons are exempt from paying for their prescription charges, while everyone else could save by buying a Prepayment Certificate (PPC). READ MORE: Attendance Allowance: How much will you get via cost of living payment Which 15 groups qualify for free prescriptions? The fifteen groups of Britons who qualify for this financial assistance are those with illnesses like cancer, epilepsy and diabetes. Those with a qualifying illness should be sent a medical exemption certificate through the post by the NHS. Lots more medical conditions qualify - there’s a full list of qualifying medical conditions on the NHS website. DON'T MISSState pensioners may get extra £92 per week for hearing loss [UPDATE]Woman shares way pensioners can make hundreds of pounds extra monthly [INSIGHT]State pension may hit £10,600 yet old state pension will pay just £8k [ALERT] Meanwhile, prescription charges are also waived for people on certain benefits like Universal Credit and Jobseeker’s Allowance if they earn less than a certain amount. When it comes to Universal Credit claimants it also depends on whether the claimant has responsibility for one or more children. Typically, applicants who earned £435 or less, or £935 if they have responsibility for a child, should be entitled to free prescriptions. Nearly 90 percent of the population qualify for this help towards prescription charges. However, if proposals to raise the qualifying age from 60 to 66 get the green light, millions of older Britons will have another expense to bear. Anyone who doesn’t qualify for free prescriptions can still save money by buying a Pre-Payment Certificate (PPC). Britons can buy a PPC for three months or a year no matter what their income. A certificate tends to save people money if they rely on two or more prescriptions per month. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much will a NHS Pre-Payment Certificate save on prescription costs? 