Motorists have been urged by experts to avoid making the “biggest” driving mistakes when embarking on long journeys. Making errors, especially on motorways, can result in unwanted consequences and accidents. One of the biggest mistakes drivers can make is running out of fuel or charge when travelling long distances. Motorists could be putting themselves and others in real danger if they run out of charge or petrol. Researching the route beforehand can also help in locating conveniently placed petrol stations and charging points. However, this is not the only mistake that motorists make. READ MORE: Drivers warned simple car accessory can cause MOT failure and fines Motoring experts at LeaseElectricCar.co.uk have now come up with six of the biggest mistakes that drivers should avoid making. A spokesperson said: “Driving for a long time can become hazardous if people don’t take the right care and attention on the roads. “There are some key, common mistakes people make at the wheel which can be avoided. “We’ve researched some of the top errors and offer some advice on what to do to have a hassle-free and safer journey.” DON'T MISS NHS doctor fined £100 for getting to his car 9 minutes late [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of ‘risky’ hypermiling tricks that can lead to a crash [WARNING] Tourist given three fines for parking in middle of market square [SHOCKING] The list of the most common mistakes is as follows: Stopping without warning or frequently touching the brake in fast-moving traffic is a major cause of accidents - if there is no need to brake in the first place. It can cause a ‘chain reaction’ with other motorists forced to brake which can lead to major problems. This is a relatively simple yet overlooked task for drivers on some of our roads. Whenever you want to make a move out of a traffic lane or back into a lane, you must use the indicators to ensure all of the vehicles around you can anticipate your change of position. Some drivers either forget or just don’t use their indicators properly which spells danger.  Many drivers feel they can cruise in the middle lane of a motorway or the far side of a dual carriageway for miles at a time. But this is not the case as it can cause a hazard to you and other motorists. These lanes are meant for overtaking, so as soon as you have safely overtaken a vehicle you need to prepare to manoeuvre carefully back into the left-hand lane, to allow others to pass. We are taught from the youngest possible driving age that nothing should be done without the mirrors of your car - it must always be ‘mirror, signal, manoeuvre’. However, ill-positioned side and internal mirrors can create blind spots where drivers don’t have the most comprehensive view of the road while driving. Ensure you don’t need to move your head to be able to see through your mirrors at all times. For a long or short journey, ensure the driver’s seat is in the right place for you to be upright, alert and able to see clearly, whether through the windscreen or through the mirrors. Ill-adjusted seats can lead to bad posture, cramp and can deprive you of full visibility.