Modern Warfare 2 fans could get their first glimpse at the next mainline Call of Duty game today. It's believed the 2022 COD game could have some presence at the upcoming State of Play for June 2022, which kicks off at 11pm UK time. Sony has already said some "exciting" reveals are planned from third-party devs, and one of these announcements could be related to the Call of Duty series. RalphsValve, a well-known leaker and Call of Duty insider, has said COD should make an appearance during today's State of Play. Whether that is a gameplay trailer or teaser trailer for Modern Warfare 2 remains to be seen, but the leaker did say Sony has one major announcement up its sleeve it could reveal today. In an article for WhatIfGaming, RalphsValve said the upcoming PSVR 2 headset will be getting exclusive Modern Warfare 2 content. Sony has already confirmed that PSVR 2 will drop during tonight's State of Play, which could make this event the perfect opportunity to announce the news.  In an article online, which talked about what to discuss from State of Play, RalphsValve said: "Sony announced a new Summer State of Play set for June 2nd, featuring a sneak peek at several games in development for Playstation VR 2. We should expect to see a Call of Duty presence for the upcoming event, and a small announcement for the project." The leaker went on to say that the Modern Warfare 2 PSVR2 content should launch alongside the upcoming VR headset from Sony. With the virtual reality headset tipped to launch in 2023 this means the content won't be available when Modern Warfare 2 hits shelves later this year in October.  As always with rumours, it's best to take things with a pinch of salt until official confirmation. RalphsValve did, however, recently get a leak spot on, announcing the time that the most recent Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 announcement was made. That was a teaser trailer for the Modern Warfare 2 artwork and the release date announcement. For anyone that is excited about the potential Modern Warfare 2 news, you don't have long to wait to find out for certain. The State of Play PS5 June 2022 event is just hours away and is being streamed on YouTube and Twitch. 