The expert baker claims these tasty treats are hugely popular in her home, vanishing from the table as soon as she serves them. The easy recipe is made with ready-made puff pastry, Cheddar cheese and chutney. They take minimal time and the recipe below makes 16 servings. Karen Burns-Booth, is the baker behind Lavander and Lovage. She is also the author of the cookbook Lavender & Lovage: A Culinary Notebook of Memories & Recipes From Home & Abroad. Karen has lived overseas in South Africa, where she was born, and in Hong Kong, Cyprus, Germany, the USA and France. "These tasty little Cheesy Ploughman’s Sausage Rolls are hugely popular. "Make these Cheesy Ploughman’s Sausage Rolls for any Jubilee street parties or events you are hosting, as well as saving the recipe for festive and celebratory gatherings, picnics and school (or office) lunch boxes. "I used Farmison pork sausages, Snowdonia Black Bomber Cheese and Mrs Darlington's Chutney, as well as JusRol ready-rolled puff pastry. "They aren't pretty, but they are utterly delectable!" READ MORE: Gravy recipe: 'Make the gravy taste like it's been cooking for hours' Topping: DON'T MISS'Maximum crispness': Roast potato recipe and fresh herbs tip [HOW TO COOK] Delicious vegan gravy 'from scratch' with a 'secret ingredient' [FOOD] How to make the 'perfect' Aperol Spritz for the Jubilee weekend [RECIPE] DON'T MISS'Maximum crispness': Roast potato recipe and fresh herbs tip [HOW TO COOK] Delicious vegan gravy 'from scratch' with a 'secret ingredient' [FOOD] How to make the 'perfect' Aperol Spritz for the Jubilee weekend [RECIPE]  1. Pre-heat oven to 220C/Fan 200C/400F/Gas mark 7. Line a large baking tray with grease-proof baking paper. 2. Skin the sausages, and put them into a mixing bowl. Add the grated cheese, chutney, and the diced pickled onions, then using wet hands, mix well until it is all amalgamated. 3. Divide the puff pastry sheet into 4 long sections. 4. Divide the sausage mixture into 4 portions and roll each portion into a long, thin sausage shape. Wet hands help top the mixture sticking. 5. Place each sausage shape in the middle of each pastry strip, brush each side of the pastry with the beaten egg and fold the pastry over to seal. Crimp the edge with a fork to seal the sausage rolls. 6. Cut each sausage filled pastry strip into 4, to make 16 small sausage rolls in total. 7. Place the sausage rolls on to the prepared baking tray. Using a very sharp knife, make several slits on top of the sausage rolls. 8. Brush the sausage rolls with the beaten egg, then sprinkle with extra grated cheese. 9. Bake in the centre of the pre-heated oven for 15 minutes until the pastry has puffed up and the sausage rolls are golden brown. 10. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes before serving. Can be served cold too. Karen's recipe notes: Make them vegetarian by using Quorn or meat-free sausages. Make them vegan by using vegan sausages, vegan cheese and omitting the egg - use a plant-based milk to glaze them. Can be frozen once assembled and before being baked. Bake from frozen allowing an extra 10 minutes to cook. Use different flavour sausages, such as pork and caramelised onion, pork and leek, pork and apple, beef, lamb or classic British sausages such as Cumberland, Oxford and Lincolnshire. You can lighten the recipe by using reduced fat sausages, reduced fat cheese and light puff pastry. For an extra crunch and texture, add finely chopped walnuts to the sausage mixture. For an extra cheesy taste, use blue cheese such as Stilton.