Philip Curtis, 54, says he is in a struggle to eat daily as he is “degraded” by the nurses looking after him in his debilitating condition. Now, he is issuing a desperate plea for help to get him home to the UK, as he tells Express.co.uk he fears he will “die alone” in the hospice.  Mr Curtis grew up in Sandwell in the West Midlands, and attended Britannia High School in Rowley Regis before moving to the Czech Republic with his girlfriend in 1995. In 2002, he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis (MS), a condition which he said had a “massive impact” on his life. While the pair later married, losing his job to the 2012 financial crisis completely changed Mr Curtis’ life - leading to the end of his marriage and the severe deterioration of his condition. Mr Curtis said after his first MS attack, he “worked hard to change my diet and lifestyle.” While at first this help him to “manage it and live a more or less normal life”, it was “always in the back of his mind”. But losing his job caused his MS to “take a turn for the worse from stress”. Mr Curtis said: “It has now progressed to a state where I only have limited movement in my right arm, and unfortunately I am left handed.” He states the hospice in which he has been staying for three years lacks adequate funding to help him in his condition. The small room in which he is staying is shared with three elderly men, and he adds he has seen “many people pass away”, which he states “is destroying my mental health”. He added: “The British embassy is trying to sort my issue, but it’s a slow process full of red tape. I also do not have the funds to pay to get me home. “As a result, I’m trapped here”. Mr Curtis’ friends are fighting hard to raise the funds for his return, including setting up a GoFundMe page, which has currently achieved £2,030 of the £20,000 necessary to help him. Donate to the appeal here. Due to his condition, the cost of returning to the UK for Mr Curtis has increased “substantially”. READ MORE: 'Absolute chaos' at airports across UK as customers slam staff [REVEAL] While he has been advised that there is a loan available from the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office, this loan cannot be used for medical expenses. An FCDO spokesperson said  they were “providing consular support to a British man in the Czech Republic”. Mr Curtis said: “If I had been cared for by a MS institution I wouldn’t be as bad as I am now. “I am only 54 and am terrified of dying here alone.” Were he to return to the UK, Mr Curtis would be returning to his friends in Sandwell, “although Shrewsbury may be an option as well”. To keep up to date with Mr Curtis' fight to get home, follow his Facebook group here. DON'T MISS: Covid side effects: Infection may lead to ongoing damage to the heart [REVEAL]David Niven: Star's battle with Lou Gehrig’s disease explained [INSIGHT]'Makes me anxious! Woman, 55, with MS fearful of retirement [ANALYSIS]