The Power universe has been slowly but surely expanding over the past couple of years following the end of the original drama on Starz. So far, three of the four announced spin-offs have come out and have received rave reviews from fans. There is still one to go but unlike the rest of the series, it's been very quiet in regards to any updates and potential release dates. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from the Power franchise.Councilman Rashad Tate (played by Larenz Tate) first appeared in Power season four when he was trying to charm his way to the top of the politics world. However, when he lost the race to become New York's next Governor to James "Ghost" St Patrick (Omari Hardwick), he became depressed, wanting to leave the world of politics altogether. This was until Ghost's death and Tate was seen talking to the press about how they were friends in order to try and win him some votes. He was then seen in the spin-off Power Book II: Ghost still trying to win back his career. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series Power Book V: Influence was announced in 2020, along with the other shows Ghost, Power Book III: Raising Kanan and Power Book IV: Force. It is believed that the drama will revolve around Tate and his attempt to work his way up the political ladder. Originally, Influence was Power Book IV and Force was Power Book V but these were later switched, meaning the Tommy Egan (Joseph Sikora) drama would be out first. There has been little talk on Influence, making some fans believe it is no longer happening. However, this is not the case and Power Book V has very much still been given the go-ahead. Actor Tate told Express.co.uk back in January that the creators were focusing all of their energy on another spin-off. Tate said: “The long answer is yes [Power Book V is in the works], there's been conversation about it - but the focus right now is Ghost season two. "The focus right now is Ghost season two and really navigating Rashad through this power world, this particular one." DON'T MISS...Anita Dobson British Soap Awards appearance leaves viewers distracted [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan pays tribute to ‘fantastic’ co-star  [TRIBUTE]Why was season 6 of Outlander so short?  [EXPLAINER] When asked about a possible release date, Tate simply said: “I'm being very honest, I don't know what it is but when I know I'm going to say something.” Going by Tate's comments, production hasn't begun on Influence just yet with energy being given to the other Power dramas. However, it has been widely reported that Influence may premiere sometime in 2023. If this is the case, then fans have got a while yet until they can watch what Rashad has been up to since Ghost's death. Nevertheless, there is plenty to come with the rest of the Power spin-offs. Ghost has been renewed for a third season which is expected later this year and Raising Kanan has got the green light for a second outing. There is also good news for Force as it will also be back for season two in February 2023. The Power franchise is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.