Joe Biden’s approval rating has fallen yet again in a Ipsos/Reuters opinion poll completed on Wednesday, June 22. The maligned US President’s public approval rating fell for a fourth straight week to 36 percent on Wednesday, matching its lowest level last seen in late May. President Biden has been plagued by skyrocketing inflation that currently sits at its highest in 40 years, with Russia's invasion of Ukraine restricting global fuel supply and the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic still constraining global supply chains. School shootings have also come back to the forefront for Americans after 19 young students and two teachers were slain in one of the country’s worst-ever attacks in May. The most recent poll gathered responses from 1,002 adults, including 435 Democrats and 379 Republicans and found 58 percent of Americans surveyed disapproved of Mr Biden, with a mere 36 percent favourable to his performance in the White House. His favourability with the American public has been on a downward trajectory since March 2021, when 59 percent of Americans believed he was running the country adequately. READ MORE: Boris Johnson slams US Supreme Court decision to scrap abortion Mr Biden will perhaps be pleased to know his approval rating has not reached the historic low of his predecessor Donald Trump, who had the lowest ever rating of 33 percent in December 2017, but it is certainly heading in that direction. His approval rating has remained below 50 percent since August when the botched withdrawal from Afghanistan resulted in outrage across America and the world. Men are more disapproving, with 58 percent viewing Mr Biden negatively, compared with 57 percent of women. Democrats are unsurprisingly more likely to view the President favourably, with 73 percent approving of his performance, remaining largely unchanged from the last poll on June 15. In August 2021, 85 percent of Democrats approved of the President. Republicans unsurprisingly detest the troubled president, with a mere seven percent approval rate, compared to 91 percent disapproval. Mr Biden is likely to be expecting an ever further drop in his ratings, particularly among his own party and American women, following the overturning of Roe vs Wade by the Supreme Court on Friday, June 24. Bringing the end to the constitutional right to abortion, the move will allow more than half of states to ban abortion, with an immediate impact on tens of millions of Americans. DON'T MISSJoe Biden caught with 8-point 'cheat sheet' [VIDEO]'US and UK have to burn' Putin's puppet ramps up threat [INSIGHT]Brexit: Biden throws down gauntlet over Boris masterstroke [REPORT] It makes the country one of only four to restrict reproductive care since 1994, and 58 percent of all US women of reproductive age live in states hostile toward abortion. The ruling has angered people across America, with 85 percent of Americans believing abortion should be legal in all or most circumstances. Protestors have already taken to the streets, with flags being burned. After the ruling was announced, Mr Biden said: “I will do all in my power to protect a woman’s right in states where they will face the consequences of today’s decision.” However, he failed to outline what consequences would befall states that have moved to outlaw safe abortions. What’s more, of the Americans surveyed, just 18 percent believe the nation is heading in the right direction. The economy has been the most important issue to Americans for 41 weeks running, with 34 percent of those surveyed ranking it as their most important issue. Crime comes in second on 10 percent, and immigration is third at six percent.