Manchester United need reinforcements this summer, but they don’t appear to have learned their lesson from when they signed Paul Pogba. The midfielder joined the club from Juventus in 2016 but looks set to return to the Serie A outfit this summer after a disappointing spell. Pogba was criticised on a weekly basis at Old Trafford, with his displays lacking consistency and passion that many wanted to see. The France international would always show glimmers of the player that earned him the £89million move, but never truly fulfilled his potential at the club. Numerous reasons were given as to why Pogba failed to hit the heights that many expected – formations, team-mates, managers. But before the midfielder ever returned to the Red Devils, ESPN reported that there was the feeling that he was stalling talks to enable time for Real Madrid to submit an offer to Juve for him. Given his inconsistency, the aforementioned somewhat suggests that Pogba was never one hundred percent convinced of the return to the Theatre of Dreams. But instead of recognising that after letting the playmaker depart on a free transfer recently, United are in the market and persisting to try and convince players to sign for them. READ MORE: Raphinha makes transfer decision affecting Arsenal and Spurs after Barcelona agent meeting Of course, the Red Devils lack the same ‘pull’ that they once had. But the club have been in talks with two players so far this summer that have needed persuading to head to United – Frenkie De Jong and Christian Eriksen. The midfielders are viewed by Erik ten Hag as his ideal midfield duo and made acquiring both of them a priority. Talks with Barcelona over De Jong are reportedly progressing well and a deal is edging closer, but the player initially made it clear that he didn’t want to head to the Premier League. The former Ajax star spoke publicly about his desire to remain at the Camp Nou outfit, though conversations obviously happened behind closed doors in order for the player to now greenlight the move. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPTottenham 'tracking three left-field attackers' in addition to Raphinha and RicharlisonLeeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circleTottenham 'could pull off surprise Leipzig deal' as new defensive transfer target emerges Free-agent Eriksen is also biding his time and considering whether he wants to join United this summer or remain at Brentford, who gave him the opportunity to return to the Premier League following his cardiac arrest at EURO 2020. The Daily Mirror reports that the Denmark international is delaying his decision, wanting to see what business United completes in the early stages of the window. The Red Devils have lacked a true core of players willing to sacrifice everything for the club since Sir Alex Ferguson departed, and although De Jong and Eriksen are two gifted players, they certainly aren’t entirely sold on United entirely. Ten Hag should certainly consider how well Pogba’s time at the club unfolded prior to his arrival throughout this summer’s window, as he will struggle to revive United if every one of his signings have needed thorough convincing to join him at the club.