Amazon shoppers might want to hold off buying new gadgets such as the Echo speaker, Fire TV Stick and Kindle. That's because the online retail giant has just confirmed that it will be holding its yearly Prime Day sale next month and prices are going to plummet. Along with revealing an actual date for Prime Day (July 12/13) Amazon has also confirmed that devices including the Echo Dot , Echo Show 5, Fire TV Cube, Blink Cameras, Ring Home Security, and Fire 7 Kids Pro Tablet are all getting a whopping discount. In fact, from July 8, shoppers can expect to see things slashed by as much as 60 percent with Amazon saying that its own-brand devices will be dropped in price ahead of the main event. That cut means you might be able to grab a 4th Gen Echo Dot for as little as £20 - one of the lowest prices ever. As well as its gadgets getting those hefty discounts, Amazon has also confirmed that shoppers will be able to take advantage of other deals including four months of free Prime Music and money off blockbuster movies and rentals, such as Spider-Man: No Way Home, via Prime Video. READ MORE: If this Amazon rumour is true your Kindle is about to look massively outdated The only thing you need to be aware of is that you'll need a Prime account to access the mega bargains. Prime costs £7.99 per month, or £79 for a year upfront, and includes free delivery on products as well as other benefits. If you've never used Prime before, you can get one month for free which means if you sign up today you can take part in the Prime Day sale without paying a penny. SEE THE FREE PRIME DEAL HERE The 48-hour event kicks off on 12th July at 00.01am (GMT) and runs through to 23.59pm on 13th July “Our Prime members across the UK will find the widest selection and best deals yet this Prime Day,” said John Boumphrey, UK Country Manager of Amazon. “From thousands of local British small businesses our members love, to the national brands and popular products they trust, Prime Day will help people save money, have fun, and also shop small. But that’s not all – don’t forget, Amazon donates to the charity of each customers’ choice when they shop with AmazonSmile.”