What was he thinking! Still, in the interests of political balance, on the opposite benches the eyeballs of one Labour MP it seems undignified to name seemed to be conducting their own not always successful battle to keep determinedly away from Ms Rayner's derrière as she stood to berate the Deputy PM. Such, it seems, despite this being the third decade of the 21st century, is Commons life. Trebles and micro-aggression all round! Prior to proceedings in the House, and despite a cost of living crisis, war on European soil, and a general feeling society just might be on the cusp of irreversible dystopian breakdown, Twitter had been all aflutter with will-they won't-they flirt speculation. One tweeter even pronounced there was "definite chemistry" between Mr Raab and Ms Rayner. Perhaps. But only in the way there is chemistry between nitro and glycerin. Sorry to disappoint the social media romantics but the Stockport bruiser had her bovver boots on and she meant business. And she kicked off rather well, welcoming the two new Commons members who took their seats courtesy of Tory trouncings in Wakefield and Tiverton and Honiton, adding: "No wonder the Prime Minister has fled the country!" Cue howls of derisive laughter from the Labour faithful. But she strayed into trouble with a confusing stab at Boris's recent pledge to "limp on" as she put it, into the 2030s. Dom could barely get to his feet quick enough with a "I'd like to point out we want the Prime Minister to go on longer than she wants the leader of the opposition to go on." A not-so-oblique reference to her not-so-secret Party ambitions. And suddenly we were seeing Angela's caught-with-her-hand-in-the-biscuit-barrel face. A face we would see considerably more of as PMQs went on. The problem with Ms Rayner, for me, is she's great on her feet but sometimes mistakes volume for rapier-like intellectual fleche. She's good in the way a bright sixth former would be good if Raab was on a visit to her school. Her enthusiasm for the task at hand does her credit and there is no doubt the woman has immense presence. But, like I have said before, would you really want her given access to the nuclear codes? Not, one assumes, as a committed unilateral disarmer, she would ever use them. A point Raab hammered home at least twice as Angela attempted to unravel the Tory commitment (then lack of commitment) to defence spending. Boris, you see, told everyone in his 2019 manifesto he'd be spending at least half a percent above inflation on defence. With inflation now on it's way to 11 percent rather than the sub-two percent it was when he made the pledge, well, you can see the bind he's in.  But of course Boris is currently off saving Europe from itself and seemingly has little time for the mundanities of balancing the economy and digging us out of this awful cost of living crisis. Plus ca change. Elsewhere Ian Braveheart Blackford (SNP Ross, Skye and Lochaber) seemed a little off his game. He even took to repeating something Nicola Sturgeon said yesterday, an arcane but awfully William Wallace quote which ends with the rousing pay-off: “Well we say ‘yes’ – and we are the people!” But they didn't did they guys? The people of Scotland said no. And they are the people. It sounded as nuts today as it sounded yesterday. But in the deluded world of the SNP where cash flows like a Speyside spring, no-one does drugs, no-one dies young and the Scottish NHS is staffed by unicorns this 100 percent reversal of the facts is not so much a deceit as a party policy. By the close of PMQs, despite one member of the Twitterati saying she felt sorry for "poor sap" Mr Raab facing the Rayner hairdryer treatment, the poor sap had done rather well. No budding cross bench romance though I'm afraid. In fact I rather suspect today has done little more than confirm Ms Rayner's suspicions that the Deputy PM has always been a bit of a winker. 