The BBC Weather meteorologist noted there will be "a bit of jeopardy" throughout the weekend due to the high pressure currently in charge across the UK. Mr Taylor said that whilst most are likely to enjoy dry and sunny spells, Britons should also prepare to bring out their brollies as a few showers will impact the outlook during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. The forecaster said: "It's a case of keeping a close eye on the weather. "It wouldn't be a long, extended weekend without a little bit of jeopardy in there, would it? "We certainly get off with a fine start, blue skies overhead. "There are some fog patches around in parts of Wales, some dense patches of fog too in eastern parts of England as well but that whole shifts. "For many today is actually going to be a dry day with sunny spells but there will be a few showers cropping up here and there." He continued: "You'll have to watch out for an area of low pressure, very small area of low pressure but that will bring some bigger impacts on Northern Ireland as we go through the day. "Largely dry, sunny, some fog patches especially in eastern England, where it will clear. "Bit of a chilly start out there, temperatures only a few degrees above freezing for some. "But notice how we go from clear skies, cloud bubbling up as we go into the afternoon, one or two showers developing, mainly Wales, England, and Scotland, but Northern Ireland turning wetter. JUST IN: UK Jubilee weather forecast: Britain set for THREE days of sunshine before Sunday thunders  "Some of the coolest conditions today, 13C-15C, up to 18C in Scotland, 20C in southeast Wales, it's going to be 20C-22C to the southwest of England." The BBC Weather forecaster added: "Into this evening and overnight we will see some rain spread across Northern Ireland, then across the Irish Sea into southwest Scotland, northwest England, north and west Wales. Away from that, it stays dry. "Temperatures not dropping as much tonight although some parts of northern Scotland, southeast England, and East Anglia a bit on the chilly side as we head into Friday. DON'T MISS BBC Weather: Jubilee weekend set for mix of sunshine and showers [INSIGHT]Tips for driving an EV in warm weather [ANALYSIS]Britain set for thunder and 'sustained' downpours in Jubilee 'washout' [VIDEO] "But a bit of a damp start across England, north and west Wales, a complete contrast to today. "That rain will fizzle out through today becoming light and patchy, but there'll be a few showers, one or two through the Midlands, southwest as well. "A good part of Scotland will stay dry with some sunshine, feeling warm and staying dry with some sunny spells in the Southeast and here we could get to 22C."  