The Duke of York, 62, was due to attend the annual racing event this week alongside other members of the Firm during the carriage procession. But according to the Times, a source said he decided to stay away, in a decision made "without fuss", following the controversy generated by his desire to attend Monday's Order of the Garter ceremony at Windsor Castle.  Prince Andrew was said to have missed the event after the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge spoke out against his participation in the event. The decision appears to have been made at the last minute, with his name still appearing on the order of service. According to Finding Freedom author Omid Scobie, the Duke was left "crushed and confused" after he was banned from attending. Writing in his column for Yahoo News, Omid, known for his biography about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, said source said Andrew was "crushed… [and] a little confused".  The Duke of York reportedly believed that he had been given the go ahead to attend the event alongside other working members of the Royal Family. Omid said the monarchy’s "reluctance to completely remove Prince Andrew from all aspects of royal life" is "damaging" and "reflects terribly on the family". He added: "The reluctance was… clear when Andrew was allowed to walk the Queen in front of the world’s media for Prince Philip’s televised memorial service, and when he was given the go-ahead to attend some of the Platinum Jubilee events." "Every chance Prince Andrew is given to try and rehabilitate his image is a step closer to further damage and shame for the institution of the monarchy. It’s a disaster waiting to happen."  READ MORE: Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan and Harry Prince Charles and Prince William came together to put a halt to the Duke’s plans to return to public duties, according to royal expert Katie Nicholl. Prince William, 39, told the Queen and Prince of Wales that he would pull out of the Order of the Garter ceremony if his uncle, Prince Andrew, was given a public role. And Katie revealed how Prince Charles was also “particularly resistant” to his brother attending the event in case he “upstaged Camilla's big moment” which she was “thrilled to receive.” Writing in Vanity Fair, she explained how both Prince William and Prince Charles are “adamant” Andrew does not return to public life and want to “ride the wave of goodwill” created by the “success of the Jubilee” without the Duke.  DON'T MISS:Red Arrows route map: Key times and places to catch glimpse of flyover [MAP]Log burner warning as owners told to DITCH home staple over new eviden [INSIGHT]Warning issued over strange foam appearing on garden plants [PICTURES] Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk that the Duke of York doesn’t realise he is an “embarrassment” to the Firm. He said: “The Queen has given him support as a loving mother, but he is an embarrassment to the monarchy. Yet, bizarrely, he does not seem to realise this." Earlier this year, the prince settled the case brought against him by Jeffrey Epstein accuser, Virginia Guiffre, with an out-of-court payment of an estimated £12 million. The Duke has vehemently denied the allegations brought against him by Ms Guiffre in the New York court. The settlement is not an admission of guilt. The Queen signalled her support for her son when she was joined by Prince Andrew at a memorial to celebrate the life of her late husband Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. 