Billie Eilish, 20, was forced to stop her London show after she noticed fans were struggling amid high temperatures. The American pop singer was videoed trying to help fans during the heat. She was recorded telling fans at the O2 Arena last night: “People are fainting and getting pulled out.” Billie Eilish then asks: “Are we okay? Let me know. It's hot.” Gig attendees at the 20,000 capacity venue then told her in the clip that they are being “squished”. They were seen being carried out by security staff amid the huge crowds and highs of 23C in London yesterday. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit She then tells fans to move away from the stage during her Happier Than Ever World Tour before continuing the event. Billie Eilish has been concerned at other gigs too. According to the BBC, she stopped her Happier Than Ever tour show in Atlanta back in February. It came after she asked security to grab an inhaler for someone who was struggling to breathe. At New York's Madison Square Garden, she also told fans who wanted to sit down that they could during her concert. Yesterday, fans were seen using the lights on their mobiles to warn security staff of one person who was having difficulty at the show. Billie was heard telling concert goers: “Take a step back, give everybody some space. “Be polite. If someone looks a little woozy, just tell someone. Don't try to save feelings.” DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] She thanked security staff saying she “appreciated” them and restarted the show after three minutes. Fan safety was also a concern this month at a British music festival. Love Saves the Day gig goers slammed the organisers for their poor management as thousands of guests were allegedly crushed as they tried to escape torrential rain storms, according to The Mirror. At the festival at Bristol's Ashton Court on June 2 and 3, a total of 60,000 festival goers planned to attend the event. The event had to be stopped after severe rainfall. This led acts to quit, people ripping fences out of the ground to hold above them as cover and even using wheelie bins as protection from the freezing weather. It only became worse as people tried to leave, with the exit gates being described as a “mass exodus” as everyone rushed to get home. A spokesperson for the festival organisers said in a statement to the aforementioned publication: “Despite the challenging conditions, at no point was our event safety management plan compromised. “Our team worked together dynamically to manage the situation and the impact of the weather.”