The thought of identifying and recruiting a ready-made replacement for Sadio Mane is a daunting prospect for Liverpool. However, it appears a player deemed the perfect "fit" is chomping at the bit to join Jurgen Klopp's ranks.  The Reds look set to lose Mane this summer following the news that the Senegalese striker is ready to embark on a new challenge, seemingly in the form of Bayern Munich. There can be no getting away from the fact, Mane, who contributed 23 goals this season alone, will be a huge loss to Klopp's side, sparking fears from some over the future of Liverpool's forward line. That's without giving though to the speculation surrounding Mohamed Salah. It appears Klopp will be forced to dip into the transfer market this summer to add some firepower upfront in the increasingly likely event that Mane moves on. And it also appears that the attacker's perfect replacement is up for grabs. At the turn of the year, former England No.1 Paul Robinson described Villarreal's Arnaut Danjuma as player capable of "fitting into Klopp's style" while insisting he felt the Dutch winger would succeed in the Anfield attack. Robinson told Football Insider: “I have been really impressed with him at Villarreal. JUST IN: Newcastle transfer target Sven Botman clear on what he wants  “He’s been brilliant under Unai Emery in a team that has done really well in recent years. I don’t think he is a player who would improve Liverpool’s starting XI straight away though. There is a lot of games for a club like Liverpool though so he would have a role to play. "He would not be one of the first names on the team sheet. But he’s certainly a player who would add value to their squad. I could see him fitting into Klopp’s style of play. I think he’d do well.” Back then, it seems Robinson viewed Danjuma as a useful addition to the Reds ranks prior to Luis Diaz's arrival. However, given Liverpool may soon be set to manage the loss of Mane, the Dutchman may well be required as more than just a squad player.  The 25-year-old, who has enjoyed a sparkling first season in Spain, is understood to have drawn admiration from Liverpool in recent months, and it appears the feelings are mutual. Danjuma recently confessed to Dutch broadcaster Ziggo Sport that he is aware of Liverpool's interest before admitting he would "consider" moving on from Villarreal should the opportunity to further his career elsewhere arise. "I was informed that Liverpool were following me closely," he stated. "I have never had contacts with clubs or anything like that during the season - I always know about the situation after the season.  "I will never lie and I think it’s a bad quality if you are not ambitious. If a club came along that offered me a higher platform to play on sport-wise, I would always have to consider it." According to El Periodico Mediterraneo, Danjuma wants to depart this summer and has actively asked his agent to secure an escape. All signs are suggesting he is holding out hope for a move to Liverpool and the Reds should move fast to land Mane's ready-made replacement - a player deemed the perfect "fit". A seamless transition could lay in store.  