The fourth season of Yellowstone saw a very unexpected turn in the friendship of enforcer Rip Wheeler (played by Cole Hauser) and veteran cowboy Lloyd (Forrie J Smith). Paramount Network viewers could only watch on in horror as Rip brutally beat his dear friend to a pulp after he’d broken one of the ranch’s rules by attacking Walker (Ryan Bingham) and Lloyd was left with a broken hand as a result. Luckily, by the time the credits rolled on season four’s finale, Rip and Lloyd had patched things up - with the latter even acting as best man for Rip and Beth’s (Kelly Reilly) wedding - but a recent interview with actor Hauser has teased deadlier action could be on its way if Lloyd steps out of line again. Referring to the regret shown on Rip’s face after he had to break Lloyd’s hand after his face-off with Walker, Hauser said: “Obviously, Lloyd raised Rip in many respects. “And then he, at one point or another because of his way of thinking and John’s (Kevin Costner) way of seeing Rip, he passed him up a little bit - or not a little bit, he did. “Lloyd sort of stayed in a certain place but he is his brother, and, you know, in the flashbacks you see what he did for him as a young man coming up in the cowboy world. “There’s a ton of emotion there because obviously you don’t wanna do that but there’s this certain kind of rule and ethic that cannot be broken and if it is, then people will be dealt with. READ MORE: Kelly Reilly 2022 net worth: How much is the Yellowstone star worth? “And that’s just the way of the game that they play it and would never change and I would do it again and Taylor [Sheridan] would write it again if it proposed itself. “Rip has got some red left in his heart, it’s not all black just yet,” Hauser teased. “So I think doing that to a friend and a brother is not easy but that’s what that moment was about.” While the tease that Rip’s heart could turn “black” in the future may be enough to support the theory, it’s what Hauser goes on to say which could hint at a deadly exit for Lloyd. Hauser went on: “There’s also something too, and I love this about Taylor and I love this about the character and I’m always talking to him about this, is the consistency of character. “It doesn’t matter who you are, it doesn’t matter - if you break these rules and there are certain rules to the game, then you’re gonna be dealt with.” Dropping a harrowing clue, Hauser said: “Sometimes it’s death, sometimes it’s just your hand getting broken. And that’s something that John created, that Taylor created. “That brand and the kind of ethics to that brand, there are rules and so he broke them and that’s how he got that way.” So given Lloyd and Walker will both return in season five - as confirmed by the casting news which has seen both actors reinstated as series regulars - will they be able to live in harmony? DON'T MISS:Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly on ‘heartbreaking’ John Dutton rowYellowstone season 5 confirms major casting newsYellowstone tributes pour in as season 4 star dies Despite buying Walker another guitar after smashing it to smithereens, it’s no secret Lloyd clearly holds a disdain for the singing cowboy. Should Lloyd step out of line again, it’s likely to show to John and Rip that a broken hand and brutal beating weren’t enough. And given Hauser’s statement that no one is above the rules and “death” can be used as a punishment, where else would there be to go to try and get through to Lloyd? Rip may be left with no choice but to take his old pal and mentor to the “train station” to show the rest of the bunkhouse that no one is free to bend the rules. Of course, the theory depends on whether or not Lloyd has finally got the message and that he’ll have to live happily alongside Walker in the bunkhouse. But given how shocking it was to see him attack and even stab Walker in season four, Lloyd’s rage may know no bounds. Season five could set the stage for one of the show’s most devastating and heartbreaking exits yet if John calls on Rip to kill a man who has served so loyally to the ranch. Fans will have to tune in to see if there’s any deeper meaning to Hauser’s word and if the theory will come to fruition. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. Seasons 1-4 will be available to stream on Paramount+ when it launches in the UK later this year.