England boss Gareth Southgate claims that playing for Bayern Munich may have influenced Jamal Musiala to switch international allegiance from England to Germany. The teenage wonderkid featured for the Three Lions at various youth levels before committing to their international rivals, and he is expected to turn out in Tuesday's UEFA Nations League clash. Musiala is tipped to have a bright future at the top level, and recently completed his second season of regular first-team football at Bayern. The attacking midfielder could have been one of England's brightest sparks, having moved from Germany to play for Southampton's youth academy at the age of seven, but instead chose to represent the country in which he was born. The teenager dabbled in German youth football but mainly featured for England all the way up to Under-21 level, before switching to Germany when called up to the senior ranks. Since then, he has racked up 12 caps and could sting England again by putting in a strong display on Tuesday. "We would have liked him to stay, for certain," admitted Southgate. "But when you're training at Bayern Munich every day and you're surrounded by German players, it becomes a bit more challenging. Of course, his family have those strong ties [to Germany]. JUST IN: Chelsea 'rejected' by Antonio Rudiger replacement they could've signed on a free  "We enjoyed working with him in our junior teams and we knew he was going to be a good player. Yes, we would have liked him, for sure, but we've got lots of these situations now where players can play for a number of different countries. Sometimes your heart is going to take you somewhere else, and we have complete respect for that. "It's nice to see him doing well, having met him as a 13-year-old. I'm really pleased for him. Tomorrow, I couldn't care less [he joked], but generally I'm pleased to see him doing well." DON'T MISS: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd target to snub move, Liverpool rejected bid, De Jong latest Musiala aside, England will be looking to bounce back after an unexpected defeat in Hungary on Saturday. Dominik Szoboszlai's second-half penalty made the difference on an afternoon that saw Hungary rack up more shots on target than England and consign the Three Lions to the bottom of their Nations League group. Raheem Sterling and Marc Guehi both missed out on the 1-0 defeat, but Southgate confirmed that both are back in contention to feature against Germany. Fresh from his first international start, James Justin is now set to miss out, while Fikayo Tomori will continue to be rested as a precaution due to a hamstring issue. Both are set to remain with the squad.  "We are going to push," added Southgate. "We want to perform well. We will manage their load. Every one of them wants to play tomorrow night. There is huge motivation in the group. "I don't think the long season was the cause of the result the other day. The heat was a huge factor. To talk about the season is a psychological thing. It is no different to going into the Euros or the World Cup."