Britney Spears’ wedding to Sam Asghari has been struck by drama as her ex-husband Jason Alexander attempted to crash her special day and live stream the whole thing. Police were called to a trespass call at her home and he has since been charged, according to reports. Britney was married to Jason in 2004 for just 55 hours until their union was annulled. She has since tied the knot with husband Sam - but the police were called as Jason attempted to break into her home while live on Instagram. According to TMZ, Jason got into Britney’s home but was restrained outside. In a live stream, Jason could be heard shouting “Don’t put your hands on me!” to Britney’s security officers. READ MORE: Britney Spears marries Sam Asghari in front of star-studded guest list  “Where’s Britney?” he demanded, looking around at the flower arrangements ready for the wedding and branding them “bulls***”. Captain Cameron Henderson of the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office told The Sun: “We are there investigating after reports that somebody was trespassing on the property. “I don't know if he jumped over or how that happened but we are there investigating. I can't confirm who the suspect is, we have deputies on scene trying to figure everything out right now.” It has since been confirmed her former husband has been arrested at the scene.  Ventura County Sheriff’s Department has said Jason had been charged with two counts of misdemeanour battery, one count of misdemeanour vandalism and one count of misdemeanour trespassing following the incident. Shortly before the incident, Alexander posted an Instagram Live story from outside her property in which he said he was there to “crash” the wedding. Officers responded to the alleged trespassing and later arrested Britney's former husband. Sergeant Cyrus Zadeh told the PA news agency an altercation had occurred with security officers, during which items had been broken. DON'T MISS... Tess Daly and Vernon look totally different in pics from early days[LATEST]Joan Collins looks captivating as ever in unearthed swimsuit pictures[PICTURES]Gardeners' World's Monty Don deals with 'emergency' at Longmeadow[UPDATES] “He was able to find his way onto the property and was confronted by security,” Sergeant Zadeh said. “An altercation occurred with the security officers and that’s where the battery occurred... and during the altercation an item was broken so that’s where the vandalism comes into play. “And by being on private property, the trespass comes into play.” Sergeant Zadeh confirmed the incident occurred before the wedding took place and those involved were seeking to prosecute. Jason was originally arrested for an out-of-county warrant but will now face the additional four charges. He was transported from the scene to a police station following the incident and was expected to later be transferred to Ventura County jail. Britney and Jason tied the knot in Las Vegas in January 2004 but their union lasted less than two days, with the marriage annulled after 55 hours. Meanwhile, Britney has married her partner of five years, Sam, in an intimate ceremony at her California home. 