Erling Haaland will be a Manchester City player from July 1, and he's sent fans wild with an announcement on social media. Haaland is following in his fathers footsteps by wearing the famous sky blue shirt, and he posted an old picture to excite his new supporters. Haaland posted two pictures of him wearing a City shirt from when he was a child, and wrote "see you soon" as his permanent move draws ever closer. Every club in Europe wanted a piece of Haaland, after it was discovered that the Norwegian striker had a £51million release clause in his contract that was effective this summer. There was a big tussle to see who would be the lucky recipients of Haaland's signature, but City won the race. Haaland's father, Alf-Inge played for City between 2000-2003, and it's where he received the infamous injury that effectively ended his career. It was Roy Keane that savagely brought him down, and was shown a straight red card for one of the worst tackles in Premier League history. JUST IN: Romelu Lukaku handed Chelsea lifeline by Cech despite Inter talks   The challenge came about after Haaland reportedly mocked Keane at Elland Road for going down injured, while Alf-Inge was playing for Leeds. And Keane later admitted that he's been waiting for his moment to strike revenge, as he said: “I’d waited long enough."  But all these years later, the Haaland family look set to cause Keane misery, as City now have one of the most exciting strikers in world football at their doorstep. City have won the Premier League in consecutive seasons, and have done so without a striker. DON'T MISS  And after years of chasing one, with a failed move for Harry Kane last summer, they finally have a natural no.9. And they have one of the best forwards they could have asked for. It could be a brutal era for the Premier League, with City looking like dominating the division even further. City have already won four of the last five titles, and Haaland could be the missing piece in their bid for Champions League success.  And Pep Guardiola is excited to introduce him to the squad, as he said: "I'm excited in my job but of course, the players make you a good manager. He is an incredible young talent, perfect age. I am pretty sure we are going to help him settle as best possible." There has been a lot of speculation over how much of an impact Haaland may have, and whether he will take as kindly to the Premier League after starring in the Bundesliga. But the mentality of Haaland proves why he is so good, as he boasted his 'focusing' skills. "If I can boast a little, if there’s something I’m very good at it’s focusing, focusing on football and not on things I shouldn’t focus on, shutting out everything." Haaland scored 86 goals in 89 games for Borussia Dortmund, and with the likes of Kevin De Bruyne and Bernardo Silva now feeding him, he can expect to be challenging for the golden boot next season. 