Russia has abandoned Snake Island, the strip of land that became internationally famous at the start of the invasion of Ukraine, in a glorious win for Ukraine. Ukrainian attacks on the island have finally succeeded in dislodging Russian forces after a huge artillery and assault overnight. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy's chief of staff Andriy Yermak tweeted: “KABOOM! No Russian troops on the Snake Island anymore. Our Armed Forces did a great job. "The enemy hurriedly evacuated the remains of the garrison with two speed boats and probably left the island. Currently, Snake island is consumed by fire, explosions are bursting." The Kremlin has denied its troops were driven off the island by Ukrainian forces. Russia's defence ministry said it had decided to withdraw from the outcrop as a "gesture of goodwill" so that a UN humanitarian corridor for the export of wheat can be opened. READ MORE: Boris Johnson ramps up support to Ukraine by whopping £1 billion Snake Island is an uninhabited but strategically important strip of land in the Black Sea, about 186 miles west of annexed Crimea. In one of the most widely circulated clips of the conflict in Ukraine, a recording of the heroic Snake Island defenders telling a Russian warship to “go f** yourself!” became a viral sensation and became a poignant symbol of Ukraine’s defiance against Moscow. In the widely circulated radio exchange, a Russian voice is heard saying: "This is a Russian warship. "I propose you lay down your weapons and surrender to avoid bloodshed and unnecessary victims. Otherwise you will be bombed." Eventually it emerged that they had all survived the attack, and were captured by the Russians. They were later exchanged in a prisoner swap, in exchange for 11 Russian civilian sailors. DON'T MISSRussian debt default: Last time it happened and what happens next [ANALYSIS]Russia TV pundit erupts over NATO expansion as Finland and Sweden join [REPORT]Italian Howitzers for Ukraine stopped by traffic police in Naples [INSIGHT] Despite lacking much in the way of natural resources or a traditional military presence until recently, the island does have great strategic importance for both Ukraine and Russia. The occupation of Snake Island is of vital strategic importance as it enables the control of approach waters to Ukraine’s last three remaining commercial ports. This includes the Black Sea port of Odesa, where a Russian blockade has been preventing the exportation of wheat from Ukraine. Ukraine is one of the world’s main wheat suppliers, and the blockade is still in place as Russia maintains dominance over the Black Sea. This is also a huge blow to President Vladimir Putin, as it weakens his grip on the area and removes some control over Ukraine’s skies as well. The loss of Snake Island also significantly hampers the possibility of a landing operation in Transistria, the pro-Russia breakaway region of Moldova. Western intelligence reports have said this could be an objective of Russia’s war in Ukraine: to reunite pro Russian states via land and sea corridors to bolster President Putin’s influence over the area.