The Moon will restart its transit of the zodiac today as its cycle in Pisces, the 12th and final sign, draws to a close in the early hours of the morning. As the first sign of the zodiac, an Aries Moon transit exudes intrinsic energies to drive forward; expelling motivation to persevere with current goals - or initiate new ones. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 21. The new Aries Moon transit might come as a shock to the system after dreamy Pisces energy diminishes. Live About says: “The Moon in Aries speeds up instinctual reactions and might put us in an edgy, punchy mood. “We're restless to start something! It's a good time for firsts, which means facing your fears.” This inspiring energy comes in perfect time for today’s summer solstice. This marks the astronomical first day of summer in the northern part of the globe, and the start of the second half of the year.  READ MORE: What is a Supermoon? All you need to know about June's Strawberry Moon  This bold and forthright energy can aid with any new intention-setting as spring draws to a close. The Sun will move into the sign of Cancer to mark the solstice and until July 22, we might be more self-protective and insular as a result. Cafe Astrology said: “Our attention turns to our nests – our families, homes, base of operations, and anything that makes us feel safe and secure. “Nurturing and caring for loved ones and pet projects become a sharper focus, and we’re more invested in our personal lives in the month ahead.”  Cancer is a water sign and while in transit with the sun, the cardinal water energy leads through emotions and feelings – which can potentially make this transit a more manipulative period. Cafe Astrology said: “We may not want to grow up and face responsibilities or the outside world during the Sun-in-Cancer cycle. “We should watch for dependence when we’d do better for ourselves otherwise.” However, it can be typically easier to persuade others to follow your lead during this transit, which ties in nicely with Aries Moon energy - especially if you appeal to emotions.  DON'T MISS:NASA takes emergency measures to avoid Russian ASAT debris [INSIGHT]Strawberry Moon spiritual meaning: Inside history and superstitions [ANALYSIS]Hand luggage: 'Space saver' packing method to 'avoid wrinkles' [EXPLAINED]    So if you’re in charge today, expect more of a smooth ride in terms of delegation and seeing tasks through to completion with all hands on deck. Venus will form a trine to Pluto early today, and we might feel “quite pleasantly passionate and focused on a person, situation, connection, or project”, according to Cafe Astrology. This intense transit might make you feel slightly more deeply, but try to be conscious of these heightened feelings as these will subside as days go on, and acting on emotion isn’t always the best route. The Aries Moon will align with Jupiter, which is always a good mood-lighter. Cafe Astrology said: “It’s a time to attend to - and embrace - our needs for self-direction, self-expression, and initiative.” 