Derek Draper has been bedridden since he contracted coronavirus in March 2020 and was hospitalised for 13 months and in a medically-induced coma. However he is now being cared for at home and is making progress and has been out of the house for trips in a wheelchair. The star who spoke about her husband in the new edition of Good Housekeeping, out today, added: “When you nearly lose someone, it certainly brings everything into sharp focus. “In many ways, we’re still learning how we are as man and wife, as so much has changed. It’s the same for the children – they’re having to relearn the experience of being with their dad. And, of course, the biggest learning is for poor Derek.” Kate, who charted her husband’s illness in two ITV documentaries, has been caring for Derek alongside professional care and in December they managed a family trip to pantomime in London. Speaking in January, Kate said: “It was his first big trip out, it took a lot of organising. Thank you to Anton(Du Beke) and the theatre for that. “One of the people who showed us to our seat was in tears and saying, oh, gosh, I can’t tell you how much it helped me was watching the documentary, I was feeling very low.” She said her husband is doing “alright” but added that “his speech isn’t there, but I think you can see that he’s aware that something special is happening.”   At the same time she said she was “thrilled” to get her MBE and has vowed to continue to shine a light on the difficulty people face in getting help in the social care system and the challenges of long Covid. She also stated she hopes to have her husband by her side during the ceremony. “It was amazing! But I haven’t received it yet, so I don’t want to tempt fate in case they retract the offer! I do feel there’s room for celebration, though, and my hope is that if we do eventually have a ceremony, Derek will be further along in his recovery and we can go together. That would be wonderful.”   The mum-of-two said in the new interview she now tries to live in the moment more than ever. She explained: “I try to live in the moment more than ever before. I’ll send an email and think, ‘Okay, I’ve sent the email. I can’t do anything more about that now, so I’m just going to look out the window and notice how pretty the sky is.’”  Kate said she tries to seize “those moments because when you do, you realise that life is just a collection of moments – and finding more good ones than bad ones is probably the secret to it all.” *Read the full interview with Kate Garraway in the August 2022 issue of Good Housekeeping, on sale from 29th June. 