Despite missing the Garter Day procession, the Queen posed alongside her son, the Prince of Wales, and the Duchess of Cornwall. The Garter Day procession took place on Monday in Windsor Castle for the first time in three years. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Edward, the Countess of Wessex and Princess Anne also attended the Service at St George's Chapel. The Royal Family released a picture of Her Majesty standing between Charles and Camilla in the Throne Room in Windsor Castle. The social media caption explained: "Today, The Duchess of Cornwall became a Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'bulletproof' smile drops with Kate & Will - pictures  "Garter Day usually takes place each June and is attended by the Knights of the Order of the Garter, the oldest British Order of Chivalry." For the occasion, the Queen wore a floor-length white dress with silver detail. Her Majesty combined the elegant gown with a matching silver handbag and silver shoes. She was also seen holding a walking stick.  For jewellery, the monarch donned a pearl necklace, her Garter star badge and her Bow Brooch. Prince Charles the Duchess of Cornwall wore their grand velvet Garter robes. The Bow Brooch was passed down to Queen Elizabeth by Queen Victoria and was made in 1858. Jewellery expert Maxwell Stone, from Steven Stone jewellers, said about the diamond-encrusted bow: "There’s a lot of history to the Queen’s bow brooch. "Part of a set of three, Queen Victoria commissioned the trio to be created using a selection of diamonds that she already owned - after her death, they were left to the royal collection, meaning that they’ll be passed down from monarch to monarch in the years to come "Given to the Queen on her coronation in 1952, the diamond bow brooches have a huge amount of sentimental value. "The Queen also wore this particular brooch as part of her Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 2012, so it’s incredibly fitting that she wore it during her final Platinum Jubilee appearance. "Encrusted in three carats of diamonds, I’d estimate the brooch to be worth around £120,000.” Royal fan @katrinacantler commented: "The Queen looks stunningly beautiful!!" Another one, @sarah_jeannex, said: "So happy to see the Queen looking fabulous!!! Hoping she stays well and her mobility doesn’t cause too much pain for her." @itsroyalgram added: "Congratulations to the new members of the order and in particular to the wonderful Duchess of Cornwall for this unique and special award. "The Queen is as beautiful as ever!"