Apex Legends down reports are on the rise today, with gamers saying they've been hit with EA server issues this afternoon. At the time of writing independent outage monitor Down Detector has recorded a huge spike in Apex Legends down reports that began around 5pm UK time. Down Detector UK has registered a peak of more than 1,000 reports of Apex Legends down with the majority of affected players reporting server connection issues. As the reported issues hit Apex Legends players flocked to Twitter to talk about the problems they were facing. One tweeted: "So I guess Apex Legends servers are currently down once again?" While another posted: "@PlayApex why is apex servers down rn". One added: "@PlayApex is your server down?? Can’t play apex on Xbox atm #pleasehelp". And another wrote: "@PlayApex servers down????" In a response to one affected fan, the EA Help Twitter account revealed the Apex team is aware of the issues and are investigating it. The account posted: "Thanks for letting us know. We're seeing the reports and investigating the cause. We'll get it fixed as soon as possible so please bear with us." In other Apex Legends news, fans of the hit EA and Respawn game that are also an Amazon Prime member can right now claim a great freebie. Until July 21 members of Prime Gaming (which is an Amazon Prime perk and is the service formerly known as Twitch Prime) can claim the Gibraltar Easy Breezy skin. This freebie launched on June 16 and can be claimed via the Apex Legends Prime Gaming page. Speaking about it, Respawn and EA said: "Bring on the summertime, and fun in the sun with the new Gibraltar Prime Gaming Bundle! Beat the heat and your opponents with the new tropical “Easy Breezy” Gibraltar skin along with his matching “Island Legacies” Banner Frame and the “Hibiscus Summer” Triple Take Weapon Skin. Make sure having too much fun doesn’t get in the way of you grabbing this bundle while you can! "Unlock the ‘Easy Breezy’ Gibraltar Skin, the ‘Hibiscus Summer’ Triple Take Weapon Skin, and the ‘Island Legacies’ Gibraltar Banner Frame for free with your Prime membership. It’s available between June 16th – July 21st, so check out the Apex Legends Prime Gaming page now for details."