Sassuolo have rejected an opening bid from Arsenal for star striker Gianluca Scamacca as Mikel Arteta steps up his hunt for attacking reinforcements this summer. The Gunners aim to sign at least one striker to fill the void that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette are bound to leave next season. Aubameyang terminated his contract in January to join Barcelona. Lacazette will also leave as a free agent - and is expected to return to Lyon - once his current deal expires on June 30. So despite Eddie Nketiah providing a boost by leaning towards a new contract, Arteta has prioritised a marquee striker addition. Arsenal have been linked with an array of names, including Gabriel Jesus, Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Alexander Isak. However, a new target has entered the fray after a phenomenal season in Italy, and the Gunners are already working on securing his signature. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Arsenal have joined several Italian clubs in the race for Scamacca, approaching Sassuolo with a £35million offer. But the Serie A outfit wasted no time turning it down and are demanding a £45m fee for their most prized asset. JUST IN: Leeds set two conditions for Raphinha transfer with Barcelona in talks Scamacca, standing at 6ft 5, scored 16 league last season and has also broken into the Italian national team, earning four caps so far. The 23-year-old has drawn comparisons with a young Zlatan Ibrahimovic, given the mobile nature of his game in the final third. Whether Arsenal press forward with their pursuit and improve their initial offer remains to be seen. But Arteta will be desperate to replace Lacazette before the new season begins, and the club's efforts to put things into place before the summer transfer window opens next week suggest the same. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo hints at Man Utd transfer decision On Friday, Arsenal confirmed Lacazette would be leaving as a free agent this month, and the Frenchman provided a parting statement for Gunners fans. He said: "I want to keep all the good moments I had in the club because for me, it was just a pleasure to play for a club that, since I was young, I dreamt of. "I'm really happy to have played for five years for Arsenal. I'll keep in contact with my teammates, with the coaches, [and] with the club. I supported Arsenal since I was young, so obviously, I'm going to keep supporting them. I know I will come back to the stadium as well." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.