Ms Kirkwood said: "For England and Wales today it's actually going to be warmer than it was yesterday. "But also across parts of Wales, central and Southern England, some patchy fog to watch out for at the moment but that should lift quite readily. "And then today, sunny spells just the chance of a shower or two. "Now what's happening is low pressure is drifting away towards the East, we've got a front in the South, that's producing some rain.  JUST IN: Can Labour call a vote of no confidence? Keir rages as Boris wins vote 'Unfit for office!'     Ms Kirkwood added: "But let me take your eyes all the way to the Atlantic where we've got a deep area of low pressure. "This is tropical storm Alex and later in the week, it's going to pass by the North West of our country. "And it will introduce some light rain, and the wind will pick up as well. "Today a few showers dotted along the North Sea Coastline, some showers moving along the South Coast. READ MORE: 'Put it behind us!' Boris vows to 'unite' Tory Party after narrowly seeing off rebels     Ms Kirkwood said: "They'll tend to fade, there will be a lot of dry weather, some sunny spells developing and some showers. anywhere through the course of the afternoon "But they will be fairly scattered, this afternoon too, there will be thicker cloud coming in across the South West, and some rain getting into Cornwall. "Before the end of the afternoon, temperatures 21C-22C in the South, we're looking at 11C-19C in the North. "Now as we head on through this evening and overnight, that band of cloud and rain, continues to advance Northwards and Eastwards. DON'T MISS: 'Loose cannon' jet stream to spark erratic heavy rain over Jubilee [ANALYSIS] BBC Weather: Northern wind to deliver 'shock to the system’ [INSIGHT]UK weather: Brits to bask in weekend sun as mercury climbs [REPORT]    Ms Kirkwood added: "There will be low cloud coming in across Eastern and Southern parts of Scotland. "And behind this band of rain it's going to be breezy in the South, there will be some clear skies and showers. "These are our overnight lows 8C to about 14C, now as we head through tomorrow, our rain moves out of England, Wales, and Northern Ireland and into Scotland. "We still have some of that low cloud along the shoreline." 