Singer Mark Owen joined Lorraine's entertainment correspondent Ross King in the USA to touch on his decision to embark on a solo singing career for the first time in over a decade. However, ITV viewers, and even Lorraine, were blown away as he debuted a new look, including long blonde hair and a blonde moustache. Introducing the show and what viewers can expect to see while chatting to GMB's Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid, Lorraine began: "Back with new music and a very different look. "We are catching up with Take That's Mark Owen as he goes solo for the first time in a decade." Viewers were also taken aback by Mark's new look and took to Twitter to express their opinion. @AnnetteB_N8 commented: "#lorraine Marc Owen looking like a Jonny Depp body double." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson @Juani983 added: "Mark Owen now looks like the wish version of Jared Leto. #GMB" @CraigeJones878 joked: "Mark looks more like Kieth Lemon these days #lorraine." Judy Cranes praised: "Well, look at him! Handsome as ever with a little bit of added spice!" Vikkie Raverns applauded: "Well done to Mark for expressing himself and feeling comfortable! He's very 80s, and I LOVE IT! #Lorraine."  However, not all viewers were impressed with the transformation, with @rob_allen88 admitting: "I used to fancy Mark. Not so much now. Lost his touch with the long hair." (sic) Ross joined Mark on the set of James Corden's The Late Late Show, where Mark was performing and debuting his new single. Speaking about his new look, Ross commented: "I am loving the hair!" Mark explained: "I know, the hair started to grow during the pandemic when all the hairdressers were closed. DON'T MISS...Gary Barlow health: Take That star on his eating disorder - bulimia [INSIGHT]Robbie Williams and Gary Barlow’s decade-long ‘feud’ recapped [LATEST]Take That to go on tour with Gary Barlow teasing new music to come [MORE] "And now I have grown quite attached to it, my wife keeps telling me, 'The hairdressers are open you can get it cut', but I don't want to!" After speaking about his new look, the pair touched on his comeback to music and the difference he feels when performing by himself and with the band. Mark admitted: "I am not very good at multitasking, so when we are doing Take That, all my attention goes into Take That, the songs, the shows. "And then when I am doing me, I have to put it all there, I can't do both." Mark's last solo album, The Art of Doing Nothing, was released in 2013, but he is set to take to the stage at the Isle of Wight Festival this month. He is expected to use the gig to debut some of the new tracks he has been working on. Mark and his Take That buddies Gary Barlow and Howard Donald have been on a break from the band since 2019, so they can do their own things. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.