With warmer weather on its way, bed sheets can become filled with bacteria and even dust mites if not washed regularly. According to experts at Dreams, even pillows should be washed, with the average unwashed pillow containing 16 species of fungi. The experts explained: “How frequently we should be washing out bedsheets is something that continues to be heavily debated, with a recent survey showing that almost half of single men say they don’t wash their bedding for up to four months at a time. “Change your sheets twice a week. “Sheets can get extremely dirty during hot weather, but time can be an issue when changing sheets twice a week. “Ensuring you have at least two sets of bedding can help, and a mattress topper can even have heat regulating properties.” When washing sheets, the experts recommended washing them at 60 degrees celsius. READ MORE: Best trees to grow blossom in your garden - suitable for containers They added: “Washing at any lower temperatures will get rid of any dirt, but it will not kill pathogens. “You’ll just be giving dust mites a bath at lower temperatures. “Drying bedding in sunlight is also a good idea, if you can, as the UV light helps to kill microorganisms.” According to the experts, pillows should also be washed at a minimum of 60 degrees celsius. DON'T MISS:'Perfect spot' in the garden to plant roses [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fan shares 65p trick to unblock drains in 10 minutes [INSIGHT]Windsor: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home [PICTURES] This job should be done at least twice a year. Dreams’ experts said: “Like sheets, dry them quickly and thoroughly. “However, as up to a third of the weight of your pillow can be made up of dead skin, bugs, dust mites and more, washing them after hot weather can be beneficial. “In fact, an average unwashed pillow can contain 16 species of fungi. “To avoid this, it can be a good idea to choose hypoallergenic pillows or ones with cooling credentials.” One cleaning job which is often forgotten is the mattress. It is very important to clean mattresses every couple of months, even more frequently in hot water. Depending on the filling of the mattress, it may be able to be vacuumed. The experts said: “To be sure, check the manufacturer’s guide for your mattress. Just be sure to use an upholstery attachment and use the lowest suction setting. “If your care instructions for your mattress allow this, vacuum every couple of months. You can also clean your bed frame too.” For those who can’t find the time to change their sheets twice a week, the experts shared other ways to keep bed sheets clean between washes. They said: “Shower before going to bed and don’t put on lotions before bed. “Remove make-up and wash your face before bed and don’t eat or drink in bed. “Although this will not kill any germs or dust mites, it will help to keep your bedding feeling clean in-between washes.”