NBC’s acclaimed procedural drama Law and Order SVU has been on screens since 1999 and viewers have watched Captain Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) fall in love, a number of times. However, each romance has sadly failed and fans believe they’ve figured out why.  As the show recently premiered its 23rd season finale, Law and Order SVU has held the title of TV’s longest-running primetime show in history, for the past three years. Mariska Hargitay who starred as the fan-favourite Olivia Benson also secured the record for being the longest-running female character in a TV drama. This came as a result of her making her first appearance in the pilot episode of Law and Order SVU and remaining the face of the series. With more than three decades of Benson, fans have seen her try and fail to secure a happy relationship on numerous occasions. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry Netflix doc slammed for Jubilee presence by Ferrari As a result, fans took to theorising why this was the case for the character who was loved at work and was very successful as a commanding officer. One viewer, FewDeer489, took to Reddit and opened the conversation with other fans. They asked: “Why is it that every time Olivia has a romantic relationship or feelings for someone and they feel the same way they leave right after they tell her? “Is it just to show that she never really had anyone to depend on? What y’all’s thoughts?”  In response, another fan, TheNewEnnui, suggested she could have issues with commitment: “I think many of her partners really loved her but she was unwilling/unable to truly commit to them.” MarthaRunsFar added: “She picks people below what she could get because then she doesn't have to reveal her true self. “She'll never choose an equal because then she'll have to be completely honest with them and she refuses to do that.” Whereas a fifth viewer was convinced it was the writer’s decision as not much from her relationships were seen on screen.  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald fumes over filming interruption 'Punch their lights out' [INSIGHT]Law and Order exit: Why did actor Steven Hill leave as Adam Schiff? [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU fans call for Barba’s permanent return [REACTION] They said: “The writers just like to make the breakups extra melodramatic, which leads to the impression everyone tells her she was the love of their life as they're breaking up with her.” However, a number of responders were convinced Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni) was the only person who held the key to her heart. The two were friends and work partners when the show first began and remained close for 12 years until his sudden departure. Since his comeback in 2021, fans have been rooting for the two to finally become an item and the campaign for this became incessant after the death of his wife.  Another Reddit user noted: “Every time she was in a relationship she wouldn’t look at them like she looked at Elliot.” Hargitay was quizzed about a potential romance between Benson and Stabler during an appearance on The Drew Barrymore Show. To which the actress responded: “Olivia Benson is hurt, he left me in the lurch for ten years. She’s frightened.” And exclaimed: “All I know is this Earth is going to shake when that moment happens.” Law and Order: Special Victims Unit is available on NBC in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 