For four seasons, Jason Bateman’s Marty Byrde escaped a number of close shaves with death alongside scheming wife Wendy Byrde (played by Laura Linney) in Netflix’s dark drama, Ozark. Now, with the series ending earlier this year in a rather divisive fashion, Bateman’s work diary will now focus on a major new title on rival streamer Amazon Prime Video. Bateman has been confirmed as one of many A-listers penned to star in Amazon’s untitled Nike drama. Helmed by Ben Affleck, who’ll also star in the project, the series will tell the story of how maverick trainer salesman Sonny Vaccaro established running shoe company Nike and bagged Michael Jordan as its first big-name collaboration. The rags to riches tale will feature Matt Damon in the main role as Vaccaro and began production in LA, USA earlier this week, according to Deadline. And while this is big news for Bateman as it marks his first major project since Ozark finished, he’s not the only big-name newly announced to star. READ MORE: Ozark plot hole: Wendy's part in Javi death debunked as fans question Alongside Bateman, Oscar-winner Viola Davis has signed up to star as the mother to Nike athlete and legendary basketball player Michael Jordan, as Deloris Jordan. Elsewhere in the cast, Chris Tucker - who fans will know best from the Rush Hour franchise - will portray Howard White, a former college basketball player at the University of Maryland. White Chicks and Bel Air actor Marlon Wayans will take on the role of George Raveling, who avid college basketball fans will know was the first Black coach for two conferences. Meanwhile, Chris Messina has also landed a role in the series fresh off the success of Starz drama Gaslit. Messina is going to take on the part of Michael Jordan’s original agent David Falk - the man often seen as the influence behind Air Jordan. Ozark’s Bateman will bring to life Rob Strasser, the boss to Damon’s Vaccaro and Nike executive who was pivotal in signing Jordan to the brand. Other cast members include Julius Tennon, Matthew Maher and Behind the Candelabra’s Tom Papa. With the series only just entering production, fans will be waiting a while until first-look trailers emerge or a release date confirmed. DON'T MISS:'Glad we got to the finish line’ Ozark’s Jason Bateman on the ending Ozark season 4: Hidden meaning in Byrdes car crash 'exposed' ‘Was very hard for me’ Ozark’s Julia Garner on playing Ruth Langmore In the meantime, however, all four seasons of Bateman’s stint on Ozark are available to stream on Netflix. However, a number of the fandom have been left displeased with how the drama came to its climax. After years of scheming and backstabbing against the Navarro Cartel, Marty and Wendy both made it to the end of the series alive and out of jail. While this left a sour taste in the mouths of many, this was exacerbated by the fact that fan-favourite Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) met her demise. However, with rumours of a spin-off in the works, Bateman has recently spoken out on what he thinks Marty and Wendy are up to now following season four’s explosive ending. “They’re going to get going back up to Chicago to continue the plan,” he told Extra at this year’s Fysee. “Hopefully, the ends justify their means. “I don’t know if they get successful with that up in Chicago or not. “My sense is that they’d probably continue to stumble because they think they’re a little bit smarter than they are and those people don’t fare too well,” he concluded to the show. Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.