Rafael Nadal has been given an immediate disadvantage going into his French Open semi-final against Alexander Zverev as a result of the rainy conditions in Paris. The roof on Court Philippe-Chatrier has been closed for his last-four clash, with the Spaniard notoriously playing worse indoors and previously losing to the German inside. Nadal and Zverev will play the first men's singles semi-final at the French Open under the roof of Court Philippe-Chatrier on a rainy Friday in Paris. It gives the 13-time champion a disadvantage heading into the last-four match, given his track record indoors. The world No 5 notoriously does not play his best indoors and does not have titles at two of the biggest indoor events - the Paris Masters and the ATP Finals. But it serves as good news for his opponent, with two of his three previous victories over Nadal coming indoors at the two aforementioned tournaments. Nadal prefers warm and sunny conditions on the clay and had previously expressed his dislike for playing the new night sessions at the French Open as a result, though proved he was a the man to beat t the French Open no matter what the conditions were when he defeated Novak Djokovic in Tuesday's night session. JUST IN: Kyrgios keen to fight Tomic in boxing match as war of words continues  However, the conditions could have a negative effect on Zverev too despite his better head-to-head record against the Spaniard at indoor tournaments. The third seed admitted he also played better in the sun during his quarter-final against Carlos Alcaraz, as he only had his serve broken after the sun set. "I mean obviously when it’s shady and much slower it’s not perfect for me," the 25-year-old said in his on-court interview after beating Nadal's fellow Spaniard on Tuesday. "I didn’t get broken once when it was sunny, obviously the ball was a lot faster, I had to adjust my strings as well." DON'T MISSFrench Open chief apologises for saying men's tennis has 'more appeal'COLUMN: French Open's Nadal error as England fans risk bringing shameRafael Nadal's uncle threatens to stop coaching Felix Auger-Aliassime  But Nadal has still been given some hope as the 13-time former champion at the French Open, as Tim Henman backed him to win regardless of the roof being open or closed. "Look, it's Roland Garros, it's a clay court, it's best-of-five sets. That's Nadal's territory, so I think it favours him," he said of the conditions.