Queen Elizabeth II has just capped off an extended weekend of Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark her extraordinary reign. With 70 years on the throne, the 96-year-old is the longest-serving monarch in British royal history. Against the backdrop of this royal milestone, Prince Charles, the Queen’s son and heir to the throne, is increasingly adopting a central role as the nation’s figurehead, especially given Her Majesty’s ongoing mobility issues. Several details still need to be ironed out over how the Prince of Wales’ will succeed his mother. However, the protocol for some issues around Charles’ succession, such as what will happen to the Queen’s personal wealth, has already been laid out. The monarch’s net worth is £370million — up from £5million from last year — according to the Sunday Times Rich List 2022. In her position as Sovereign, the Queen owns the Crown Estate, an independently run property business, which she takes 15 percent of the profits from. The Crown owns around 1.4 percent of the land in England, as well as holdings such as Ascot racecourse. JUST IN: Harry 'deeply unhappy' at Jubilee as Duke realises 'how much he misses this life' Charles is set to inherit most of Her Majesty’s property portfolio when he succeeds her as Sovereign. Ordinary UK citizens would be expected to pay a 40 percent inheritance tax bill on the part of their estate that is above the threshold of £325,000. However, the unique position of British monarchs means that they are not legally liable to pay inheritance tax. Hart Reade Solicitors says: “A special deal struck with the Government means any assets left by a UK monarch to their immediate successor will be free from inheritance tax, although gifts left to other children or relatives will be taxed in the usual way.” But there are still some drawbacks, because only the reigning Sovereign is exempt from inheritance tax. For the Queen this means that she is only exempt from the tax if her personal wealth is transferred only to Charles. She would therefore not be able to split her fortune between other members of the Royal Family. Fisher Jones Greenwood Solicitors says: “The reasons the Monarch has been exempt from paying inheritance tax is to safeguard the erosion of the Sovereign’s wealth. “The monarch doesn’t work or trade to ‘grow’ their estate as a normal individual would during their lifetime. “If the monarch’s estate was repeatedly subjected to inheritance tax then their wealth would deplete dramatically.” DON'T MISS: 'Great example!' Kate and William praised by Supernanny after Louis' Jubilee appearance [LATEST]Princess Anne’s former bodyguard opens up on royal kidnap attempt—’all changed overnight’ [INSIGHT]Queen’s ‘hidden’ cousins erased from Royal Family in shameful scandal [ANALYSIS] A 1993 deal between the Queen and the Government was struck so that Her Majesty can avoid paying inheritance tax on certain parts of her estate. This means that the Royal Collection of paintings and art the Sovereign owns, and their official residences are not subject to the tax. However, private estates owned by the Queen like Sandringham House and Balmoral Castle will be subject to inheritance tax unless they are held in trust. The Queen gets the profits from such properties – part of the Crown Estate – two years in arrears. This means she will not yet feel the effects of the decrease in earnings the estate experienced between 2020 and 2021. A 22 percent slump in earnings was reported during this period, which was at the height of the pandemic. The Sunday Times Rich List said: “Her stock market portfolio should have fared well over the past year, justifying a £5million rise in her personal fortune to £370million.” It added: “The Queen is the first British monarch to mark 70 years on the throne, during which she has built a substantial private property and investment portfolio as well as preserving historic treasures including art.”