The German Chancellor travelled to Ukraine for the first time since the beginning of Russia's invasion, together with Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi and French President Emmanuel Macron. The three leaders were mocked by Dmitry Medvedev in a racist Tweet. Vladimir Putin's ally wrote: "European fans of frogs, liverwurst and spaghetti love visiting Kiev. With zero use. "Promised EU membership and old howitzers to Ukraine, lushed up on gorilka and went home by train, like 100 years ago. "All is well. Yet, it won’t bring Ukraine closer to peace. The clock’s ticking." Mr Scholz and Mr Macron had been criticised for failing to show their faces in the Ukrainian capital in support of President Volodymyr Zelensky. BBC Europe Correspondent Nick Beake tweeted this morning: "EU big beasts en route to Kyiv. "Zelensky may ask if they took the slow train - visiting weeks after other leaders - but France Germany and Italy are going for the symbolic show of strength. "Ukraine wants EU membership following Russia invasion." The three travelled together overnight in a train used to transport high-profile visitors to Ukraine. "It's an important moment. It's a message of unity we're sending to the Ukrainians, of support, to talk both about the present and the future, since the coming weeks, as we know, will be very difficult," President Macron said as they arrived. Romania's President Klaus Iohannis will join them for talks with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky expected to touch on Kyiv's bid to join the European Union as well as the war itself. READ MORE: Russia braces for new blow as Ukraine 'within striking distance'  The visit has taken weeks to organise with the three men looking to overcome criticism within Ukraine over their response to the war. "We're here, we're focused, we will join President Zelensky to go to a war site where massacres have been carried out," Mr Macron said. Asked why the visit was taking place now, an Elysee official said they had considered it was best to do it just before an EU summit next week that is due to discuss Kyiv's bid to join the 27-nation bloc. The European Commission is due to make a recommendation on Friday on Ukraine's status as an EU candidate, something the biggest European nations have been lukewarm about. "A balance has to be found between Ukraine's natural aspirations to (join) the EU at a very special time, and attention to all the countries which already have candidate status and are stuck in the negotiation chapters and the fact that we must not destabilise the EU or fracture it," the Elysee official said. DON'T MISS:Russia troops on brink of 'deep freeze' as Putin's to halt advance [INSIGHT]Putin's panic as terrifying new Panther tank unleashed [ANALYSIS]Brexit: Brexiteer fury at bitter EU legal challenge [REACTION]  President Zelensky is expected to push his visitors to send more arms to help his hard-pressed army withstand the Russian invaders. Kyiv has accused France, Germany and, to a lesser extent, Italy, of foot-dragging in their support for Ukraine, saying they have been slow to deliver weapons and of putting their own prosperity ahead of Ukraine's freedom and security. A high-ranking official from an EU country said Mr Zelensky was "in a really difficult position: the Ukrainian army not only needs weapons, but is also increasing lack of soldiers." Oleksiy Arestovych, an adviser to President Zelensky, told German newspaper Bild this week he was concerned the three leaders would put pressure on Kyiv to accept a peace deal favourable to Russian President Vladimir Putin. "They will say that we need to end the war that is causing food problems and economic problems...that we need to save Mr Putin's face," he said, referring to comments by Macron this month that it was vital not to humiliate the Russian leader. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg