Warnings have been issued since Vladimir Putin announced Russia’s “special military operation” that the conflict could eventually spill outside of Ukraine. General Sir Patrick Sanders has now insisted the UK must prepare for this possibility. His comments amounted to a suggestion that a Third World War could be around the corner. General Sanders said: "There is now a burning imperative to forge an Army capable of fighting alongside our allies and defeating Russia in battle. "We are the generation that must prepare the Army to fight in Europe once again.” Earlier this week, Boris Johnson met Volodymyr Zelensky in Kyiv for the second time since the beginning of the war. The Prime Minister told the Ukrainian people: “The UK is with you, and we will be with you until you ultimately prevail.” Number 10 offered to launch a “major training operation for Ukrainian forces”. This, it said, could train up to 10,000 soldiers every 120 days. But a new report by Ukrainian and Western intelligence officials highlights that in the Donbas alone, more than this number of troops are dying every 120 days. More still are adding to the total casualty count. READ MORE: Ukraine outgunned '40 to 1' with up to 100 soldiers being killed a day The report, seen by the Independent, claimed Ukrainian forces our outgunned by Russia 20 to one in artillery and 40 to one in ammunition. It said this, alongside other factors, was bearing “a seriously demoralising effect on Ukrainian forces as well as a very real material effect; cases of desertion are growing every week”. The UK has already pledged well over £1billion in support for Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] General Sanders hinted that it could soon be putting very much more into the fight against Russia. He said he was “the first Chief of the General Staff since 1941 to take command of the Army in the shadow of a land war in Europe involving a continental power". The new army head added: “Russia's invasion of Ukraine underlines our core purpose to protect the UK by being ready to fight and win wars on land.” He sees his “singular duty” as being to make “our Army as lethal and effective as it can be”. General Sanders insisted: “The time is now and the opportunity is ours to seize.”