Laura is best known for playing Kerry Wyatt on Emmerdale, the mother of Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) and the partner of Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Over the past 10 years, the character has had some hard-hitting storylines as well as still winning over viewers of the ITV soap with her comical remarks. Having welcomed her first child into the world during the pandemic, the actress is still eager to keep working alongside her responsibilities as a mother, never mind her age. According to the world of the weeknight serial drama, Laura plays a character who is soon to celebrate their 46th birthday. Having been born on July 20 1977, it seems Kerry is closer to turning 50 years old than she is to turning back the clock to her heyday. However, it might surprise viewers to learn Laura is considerably younger than her alter-ego as she is actually 39 years old. This means she is nearly seven years younger than Kerry, having been born on June 19, 1983, and she will have also celebrated turning another year older very recently. It's not known how she marked the occasion but it is likely she celebrated with her partner, Mark Jordon, and their young son. READ MORE: Lesley Dunlop age: How old is Emmerdale's Brenda Walker star? There is still a whole 12 months to go before the actress marks her 40th birthday, which is a landmark occasion for the soap star. Although she joined the cast of Emmerdale when she was 29 years old, this is not where the mother of one's career began. It was in 1999, when she was just 16 years old she made her first appearance on the small screen in a programme called Badger. In 2004, when she was 21 years old, the actress had a cameo role in Byker Grove as a character called Sam who was a journalist covering a teenage pregnancy. The soap star has featured in numerous stage productions as well, doing this alongside her work on the small screen. However, despite being quite young when she started her career in the industry, the actress has always tried to fight against being labelled as a Geordie actress. The soap star, who was born in Newcastle, explained: "I had done a theatre job and the company were going to be doing another play that I really wanted to audition for. "And I remember them saying 'I don’t think you’ll be able to audition for that because you’re just a Geordie actress.' "And I thought, 'Oh my I gosh, no. I am an actress from the North East, not just a Geordie actress’ and that made me at the time feel like I had a lot to prove," she told the BBC. In another interview, she added: "I think actually it is different and people now realise it is not a regional thing." DON'T MISS...'Not innocent!' Emmerdale's Nicola Wheeler issues storyline warning [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: ITV star ditched drink and lost 3st [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT] "Women are very capable, women are in more roles, especially the times we are in at the moment," she told The Chronicle. Despite fighting against stereotypes to forge a career for herself, the actress has also suffered from a condition for over 20 years. The actress has suffered from hair loss since she was 16 years old, which had a huge impact on her self-esteem growing up. Speaking to raise awareness, Laura explained: "I started using synthetic hormones to control my horrendous periods. "What they never told me was certain pills are testosterone-heavy and attack hair follicles, making hair get thinner and weaker, then fall out. "After years of ups and downs, falling out, growing back and so on, I reached a peak," the actress continued in her interview with OK! Magazine. "I got my dream job playing Kerry Wyatt on Emmerdale and – boom – my hair was falling out in clumps. Thanks, universe, great timing! "It wasn’t great for the old self-esteem. I was at a crisis point so I decided to take proper action with professional help." After getting in contact with a local trichologist in Newcastle, Laura started seeing results within six months of starting treatment. The actress said: "What I learned from my hair angel was invaluable. She taught me nobody in this day and age needs to be walking around with thin or thinning hair thinking there’s nothing they can do." It seems Laura's pregnancy a couple of years ago brought back the hair loss but she also learnt to accept what was going to happen would happen. The actress added: "As the days went on, I just stopped worrying. I had bigger fish to fry now and I knew how to get it back. "It’s not the first time my hair’s left me and I’m sure it won’t be the last. It’s really not the end of the world. It’s hair. It grows back. And it did. "I’ve learned to accept I’m a beautiful person whether my hair is shedding or not. I’ve learned that, like everything else, it needs love and special attention to be at its best." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.