There’s no getting away from the fact that scams have risen shockingly during the pandemic - and are continuing to soar. Figures from the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) show more and more Britons are being conned with scammers using fake bank accounts and fraudulent pension schemes. Scams now account for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime according to figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) for 2021. Unfortunately, it looks like it will only get worse as Citizens Advice research shows three quarters of people living in the UK have already been targeted by fraudsters this year. The charity surveyed over 2,000 Britons and found the number of people targeted by scammers was up 14 percent compared to 2021. It discovered the most common scam recorded was for fake deliveries or postal services, with 41 percent reporting they had received a scam from someone pretending to be from the government or HMRC. READ MORE: Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? Almost a third (29 percent) said a scammer had tried to trick them out of their cash through a fake investment or financial ‘get rich quick’ schemes. The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) deals with scam complaints that have not been resolved by the police. Their figures show they helped more than two hundred thousand customers in the past year, many of them related to fake bank accounts and pension schemes. Scams around pension schemes were the most prolific, while there were a growing number of incidents involving fake bank accounts. DON'T MISSBritish Gas customers could get £1,500 off energy bills - apply now [ALERT]'Really sophisticated’ Woman loses £22,000 to scammers [WARNING]Sinful' Britons call for inheritance tax to be axed [UPDATE]35,000 more families set to 'live on much less than they need' [INSIGHT] A woman appeared on ITV yesterday (June 28) to warn others after she fell for a scam where fraudsters managed to “spoof” her bank's telephone number. Millie Clark told This Morning how she lost £22,000 in a sophisticated scam, where fraudsters convinced her they were from her bank, HSBC. She received a call from someone pretending to be from HSBC and when she questioned if they were from the bank the caller asked her to check the reverse of her bank card. The number was the same because fraudsters can “number spoof” which means they can change their number identity to match the bank's. READ MORE: Benefits and freebies you can claim as a carer Meanwhile, there are a number of HMRC scams currently doing the rounds which people need to watch out for. Myrtle Lloyd, HMRC’s director general for customer services, said: "We’re urging all of our customers to be really careful if they are contacted out of the blue by someone asking for money or bank details. “There are a lot of scams out there where fraudsters are calling, texting or emailing customers claiming to be from HMRC. “If you have any doubts, we suggest you don’t reply directly, and contact us straight away. “Search GOV.UK for our ‘scams checklist’ and to find out ‘how to report tax scams’." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea HMRC recently issued three tips to help people spot a scam: Stop: Take a moment to think before parting with your money or information. If a phone call, text or email is unexpected, don’t give out private information or reply, and don’t download attachments or click on links before checking on GOV.UK that the contact is genuine. Do not trust caller ID on phones. Numbers can be spoofed. Challenge: It’s OK to reject, refuse or ignore any requests - only criminals will try to rush or panic you. Search ‘scams’ on GOV.UK for information on how to recognise genuine HMRC contact and how to avoid and report scams. Protect: Forward suspicious texts claiming to be from HMRC to 60599 and emails to phishing@hmrc.gov.uk. Report tax scam phone calls on GOV.UK. Contact your bank immediately if you think you’ve fallen victim to a scam and report it to Action Fraud.