Chloe Madeley, 34, has shared she is struggling spending time alone as the fitness enthusiast reflected on the past. In an Instagram Story, she typed: “Absolutely hate being on my own now I’m pregnant, use to love it. Anyone else experienced it?” (sic) The 34-year-old announced she and husband James Haskell were expecting their first child with a sweet announcement in February. Chloe hasn’t held back when it comes to documenting her pregnancy journey. The TV personality took to Instagram to upload a stunning selfie, showing off her blossoming baby bump. Previously the star remarked she was “Feelin hefty,” as her fans were quick to dish out the compliments to the mum-to-be. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham’s wife Nicola aims thinly-veiled dig at famous family “You look amazing,” one wrote. “Looking fabulous. Not hefty at all,” another added. “Awesome Chloe, looking really well! Hope you are excited and feeling great babe,” one fan wrote. Another agreed: “Looking blooming marvellous." While one wrote: “Nothing more beautiful than a woman growing a new person!!!” “You still look fabulous xx exciting times ahead,” one of Chloe’s fans commented. The star has candidly documented her difficult journey to motherhood, revealing that she and her husband James were on the verge of going through IVF before unexpectedly falling pregnant at the end of last year. Chloe, who is expecting a baby girl, said last month that pregnancy was “f***ing hard”, and said she’s been suffering from vomiting and headaches. DONT MISS:Countdown legend Carol Vorderman says Boris Johnson must 'go now' (PHOTOS)Adele fans rage at singer as she announces new gig 'What about Vegas' (NEWS)Victoria Beckham admits she's happy to go braless at 48 (LATEST) “I love that I'm pregnant. I really love the bump, I love the curves, I'm really into it. “It's magical and I love it, but it's f***ing hard on your body,” she told The Sun. “Every day isn't always pleasant but I love it,” Chloe added. Meanwhile, Richard told the Loose Women how he's looking forward to his daughter welcoming a little one into the world “because she's having a little girl”. He added: "There's something about your daughter having a little girl, it shouldn't make a difference, but it kind of does." The doting grandfather went on to say he loved being a grandparent, and that having children was "like a house”. Adding that having grandchildren is "like getting an extension on it". He added: "It's somewhere new to go and you can always give them back."