The Prime Minister had been expected to make a speech this afternoon at the Northern Research Group (NRG) conference organised by Tory MPs in Doncaster. However, he blindsided his colleagues by cancelling the visit at the last minute to fly to Kyiv to meet with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and discuss the war against Russia.  Mr Tugendhat, who is widely believed to be angling for Mr Johnson's job as Tory leader took questions from attendees at the conference in the Prime Minister's absence. He said: "I've already spoken about a few taxes I'd like to cut and a lot of them are to do with fuel. "We’re seeing the cost of energy rise across these communities that we are lucky enough to represent, for much of the last few months. "I can tell you I can feel the rise in the heating costs. I can feel the rise in the fuel costs around two pounds a litre is something I noticed when I'm filling up the car. READ MORE: Boris facing ANOTHER confidence vote as letters already sent in "So I think just looking at the way in which we charge tax on fuel is incredibly important because the feed-through of that into every other area of the economy is enormous. "We need to look really hard at the tax system on our own power levels and make sure that we liberate people to get out of the way." He again said he would put himself forward if there is a leadership contest. A source close to the organisers said: "That was Tom's leadership pitch. "Boris clearly doesn't mind his rivals swooping in to impress 50 plus colleagues." Conservatives were left furious at the Prime Minister's absence, with some accusing him of coordinating the trip to deliberately avoid coming face to face with his own MPs. Even after learning Mr Johnson was in Kyiv instead of Doncaster, one senior NRG source said: "The PM has shown what he thinks of the north. This was his moment to reset. "Instead, it shows his contempt for us all. We were sceptical he would commit to anything – you have to believe in things in order to commit. But, with 148 voting against, you think he’d show up?" An unnamed Tory member who is attending NRG Conference where the Prime Minister was scheduled to speak said: "Says it all really for the North. PM scheduled to speak and attend and now told he won’t be coming. "Does the PM really care for the North when he doesn’t attend our levelling up conference?" A source close the conference organisers described the move as "a f****** slap in the face for the Red Wall", while another simply said: "What a w***er." Meanwhile, in a reference to the recent leadership tensions for Mr Johnson, a Conservative MP told this website: "The Prime Minister obviously didn't watch Game of Thrones. Otherwise, he would know 'the North remembers'." NRG MPs used today's conference to call on their party leader to give them the power to slash taxes to secure victory at the next election. The renewed anger towards Mr Johnson comes in the wake of the bruising confidence vote earlier this month. He narrowly survived an attempt to be ousted as Conservative leader by 211 to 148, a smaller majority than Theresa May received when she faced a confidence vote of her own in 2018. MP Jake Berry, head of the NRG caucus, said it was "unfortunate" Mr Johnson had cancelled, but added: "At the end of the day, he's Prime Minister of our country and things come up." DON'T MISS:General election 2024: Tories to lose majority [INSIGHT]Boris 'kamikaze approach' on Brexit row a threat to Tories at polls [REACTION]Voters ‘fed up’ with waiting for politician whose fit to lead [UPDATE] In a speech of his own at the conference, Mr Berry unveiled three proposals northern Conservative MPs were urging the Government to enact. Criticising the current tax burden, Mr Berry said: "It’s time to stop talking about being the party of low tax, it’s time to be the Government of low tax. "Let's drive down tax - to level up the North - bring it on." He said he would push Mr Johnson to give regional areas more power over taxes and housing stamp duty, giving local areas the right to decide what is best for them rather than Chancellor Rishi Sunak. Calling for "the freedom to lower taxes", Mr Berry will say: "There are almost as many people living in Greater Manchester as in Wales - yet Wales has power over tax, while Greater Manchester does not. "Giving areas the right to vary tax rates down, will help deliver a more competitive economy. "The Treasury has opposed this in the past." Highlighting that spending in London, per head, is 15 percent higher than the UK Government average, the Rossendale and Darwen MP also called for a fairer funding settlement to level up the UK. He said: "You can’t deliver radical long-term missions without radical long-term funding. "This is why we propose a levelling up formula, which will deliver what the Conservative Party promised for generations to come." In his final demand of Government, urged Mr Johnson to scrap the drive for more people to go to university first implemented by Sir Tony Blair and instead focus on getting 50 percent of young people into high-level apprenticeships. "The sad truth is that Sir Tony’s policy has failed the young people of this country and left the UK at the bottom of the G7 when it comes to productivity," he said, attacking the last Labour Government. A spokesperson for the NRG told Express.co.uk said the NRG conference was "a chance for all members to come together and shape the future of conservativism in the north". They added: "The NRG may be the biggest caucus, and it may be the reason Boris won a majority, but we are nothing without our members. "Express readers understand more than most, the need to fight for a good, righteous cause, come and channel this energy into creating the future of conservativism in the north." 