Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta 'wants progress' on the club's transfer targets as the start of the new season creeps nearer. The Gunners have identified two priority deals to complete, but owner Stan Kroenke's procedure demands could be stalling their activity while rivals continue to strengthen. According to the Independent, Arsenal could announce the £34million signing of FC Porto midfielder Fabio Viera on Monday. The Portuguese giants have already confirmed they've reached an agreement worth an initial £30m, with the rest in potential add-ons. Arteta has also pinpointed wantaway Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus as his first-choice target to replace Alexandre Lacazette once he leaves on a free transfer on July 1. But Arsenal are yet to meet Man City's £50m valuation, and other suitors are starting to circle the Brazilian. While the report states that there's still a belief that Jesus will end up at the Emirates Stadium next season, Arteta 'wants progress' on his required signings. However, the Kroenke family's insistence on every major decision running through them is proving frustrating. JUST IN: Tottenham could offer four players to stop Arsenal signing Jesus Arsenal are also in talks over Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans, available for a cut-price fee ahead of his 2023 contract expiry. The Foxes are yet to receive a formal offer for his services, though, and if a suitable bid doesn't arrive, he could sign a one-year extension to avoid leaving on a free transfer out of respect. Despite Viera's impending arrival, Arteta is keen to get it wrapped up, considering the Portuguese playmaker is more of an attack-minded midfielder. If Arteta sticks with his 4-2-3-1 system, Viera, the Primeira Liga's top assister last season, will likely operate behind the striker, whereas Tielemans would slot into the midfield double-pivot. READ MORE: Man Utd may have clear run at cheaper Frenkie de Jong alternative Arsenal spent more than any other Premier League club in last year's summer transfer window but couldn't take advantage of Tottenham Hotspur's dismal start to the season under Nuno Espirito Santo. While the Gunners improved on back-to-back eighth-place finishes, they failed to hold onto fourth and missed out on a Champions League return. The 2022-23 season will be their sixth on the bounce absent from Europe's elite competition, but Arsenal are expected to heavily back Arteta again. However, like many fans, the Spanish coach is seemingly becoming disgruntled at the drawn-out nature of talks for his top targets, and he'll hope progress is made before pre-season gets underway. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here