Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has hailed new signing Fabio Vieira as a ‘special talent’ and listed three reasons for signing the playmaker from Porto. The Portuguese midfielder has been signed in a deal worth around £34m and is Arteta’s second summer purchase. The Spaniard is keen to add depth to his midfield and has acquired Vieira for three reasons. He said that the 22-year-old is creative, versatile and of ‘high quality’. Arteta told the club’s website: ”I am very excited that we have identified and signed such a special talent. Fabio is a very creative player that will bring high quality and versatility to our attacking play. We welcome Fabio and his family to our club and are looking forward to starting work with him ahead of the new season.” It marks Arsenal’s second signing of the summer transfer window, with Vieira following teenage winger Marquinhos through the Emirates Stadium door. The Portugal international scored six goals and provided a further 14 assists in just 27 Primeira Liga matches last season. TRANSFER NEWS LIVE: Antony to Man Utd latest, Chelsea's Sterling plan “We’re so pleased to have completed the signing of Fabio from FC Porto. Fabio is a player with special qualities who is comfortable with the ball in the final third of the pitch,” technical director Edu added. “We are all looking forward to working with him and enjoying his future contribution to Arsenal. We will now continue to work hard and are looking forward to finishing this transfer window as strongly as possible.” Arteta has been keen to add depth to his midfield after experiencing several injuries and absences in the area last term. A lack of options was partly why Arsenal collapsed in the final weeks of the season and failed to qualify for the Champions League. DON'T MISS...Leeds told Raphinha and Phillips sales can be a positiveMan United outline Anthony Martial stance as Ten Hag faces re-thinkMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen with two clubs in driving seat The 40-year-old is expecting to be one of the busier Premier League managers as he seeks to continue his rebuild of the North Londoners. Signing Marquinhos and Vieira is only the start of another big-spending summer for the fifth-place finishers. Arsenal have also been linked with a couple of defenders and several forwards. Arteta is desperate to sign a new striker given that his attackers were not clinical enough last term. Alexandre Lacazette has departed on a free transfer to Lyon, while Eddie Nketiah has signed a new deal. Arsenal are keen to sign Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City but could need to pay £50m for the Brazilian's services. Leeds winger Raphinha has also been linked to the Emirates Stadium. Meanwhile, Ajax centre-back Lisandro Martinez is reportedly the subject of a rejected bid. Arteta wants to sign the left-footed defender but could face competition from Manchester United. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 