Venus Williams is set to compete in her 24th Wimbledon Championships after requesting a wildcard entry to the mixed doubles draw to play with Jamie Murray. Serena Williams was expected to be the only sister to compete at Wimbledon this year.  Just earlier this month, Venus announced on social media that she wouldn't be playing at the All England Club. “No I’m not playing but I’ll be watching, I’ll be watching Serena,” Williams said on Instagram. But it appears as though she's had a change of heart while practicing at Aorangi Park. Venus has now asked for a wildcard to enter the main draw of the mixed doubles and form a super team with Jamie Murray. While it reportedly hasn't officially been granted, The Times claim it 'almost certainly' will be. And the mixed doubles pairing will likely be among the favourites in the draw given their experience. Venus won two mixed doubles titles in 1998 and reached the Wimbledon final back in 2006. Meanwhile, Jamie has won the mixed doubles title twice at Wimbledon, last winning in 2017 alongside Martina Hingis. There was an English theme in last year's final with Joe Salisbury and Harriet Dart taking on Neal Skupski and American Desirae Krawczyk. Venus also entered as a wildcard in last year's mixed doubles, teaming up with Nick Kyrgios. But the pair were forced to withdraw from the tournament due to the Australian suffering an injury.  The high-profile duo entertained the Wimbledon crowd in their opening round tie against Austin Krajicek and Sabrina Santamaria. And Kyrgios was left heartbroken at having to tell Venus that their journey was coming to an end. “It’s heart-breaking, honestly. I haven’t had that much fun in a long time," he said at the time. “I just got goosebumps thinking the fact I might have to tell Venus Williams I can’t play mixed doubles because of injuries. It’s brutal for me. “I’m respectful in the fact that I’ve now taken another day of her time. She’s been here. She could have been planning other things. It’s brutal.”