Hollywood legends Harrison Ford and Helen Mirren signing on have made the upcoming Yellowstone prequel one of the most highly anticipated new projects for the Paramount Network. Now, the upcoming series has dropped another bombshell, as it will now be known as 1923. The next chapter of the Duttons’ family history will now take place in 1923, rather than the previously announced 1932. Taylor Sheridan’s origin story will feature Harrison and Helen as two more members of the ranch-owning dynasty. It will now follow the end of the First World War and the beginning of the Prohibition era. An official description reads: “1923 focuses on the Dutton family’s next two generations as they struggle to survive historic drought, lawlessness and prohibition, and an epidemic of cattle theft. READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint “All battled beneath the cloud of Montana’s great depression, which preceded the nation by almost a decade.” The series is set to debut this December, with Taylor serving as creator and executive producer. 1923 follows the huge success of Yellowstone’s first spin-off series, 1883. This late 19th-Century drama starred Faith Hill and Tim McGraw as the original Duttons, Margaret and James, as they’re led across the Oregon Trail by aging cowboy Shea Brennan (Sam Elliott). 1883 became the most-watched series ever for Paramount+ after the miniseries wrapped up this February. Its premiere episode drew an impressive 4.9 million viewers, making it the biggest new series to debut on cable television since 2015. With two A-list Hollywood stars at the helm, the streamer will undoubtedly be hoping for similar record-breaking numbers for the new prequel. However, the latest update for the series received a mixed reaction from some viewers, who shared their concerns over the ongoing expansion of the Yellowstone universe. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA fans send tributes as Daniela Ruah celebrates milestone [LATEST]Outlander’s Sam Heughan admits filming is ‘troublesome’ [INTERVIEW]The Boys’ Jessie T Usher teases major change to A-Train [EXCLUSIVE] @Web3dotcom tweeted: “Soon every show will be a Yellowstone spin-off.” While @peaklover16 suggested: “How about four or five more episodes of 1883 to see what happened when they arrived and built their home? “That’s a big part of the story…or maybe you’re going to tell that in flashbacks in 1923?” And Jon Knight asked: “How many prequels are they making?” Yellowstone’s next prequel is also set to be joined by another offshoot, this time taking place in the modern-day on 6666 Ranch. 1923 is just one of nine shows producer Taylor has in production, whose slate includes Lioness, Tulsa King, 1883: The Bass Reeves Story and Land Man. He is also currently working on a second season of The Mayor of Kingstown, led by Avengers star Jeremy Renner. Yellowstone season 5 will premiere Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network.