The Government has said it intends to use domestic law to override parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced plans to legislate last month with the Bill expected to be published in the coming days. While the protocol succeeds in avoiding a hard border on the island of Ireland, it has done so by creating another border within the UK, which is causing problems and threatening peace in Northern Ireland. There are warnings such a move could trigger a trade war with the bloc, although the Government has stressed that it would prefer to negotiate a settlement. Parts of the Bill have emerged in reports this week, including a fast-track for goods going from Great Britain to Northern Ireland, but not to the EU's single market, backed by commercial data and a trusted trader scheme. It also includes a dual regulation regime allowing firms in the province to choose between sticking to either EU or UK standards for goods. UK VAT, excise and state aid rules would replace EU rules in Northern Ireland are also reported to form part of the plans as well as no role for the European Court of Justice (ECJ) in international dispute arbitration.  However, a Government insider told Politico that the Bill would struggle to get through parliament. They said: "If it’s not defeated in the Commons it will be defeated in the Lords and we’ll just end up triggering Article 16, which we should have f*cking done in the first place." Ex-Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib told Express.co.uk that Article 16 should have been triggered in September 2021 after the Government's former Brexit chief negotiator Lord David Frost stood up in the Lords and said the conditions existed to justify its invocation. He said: "[Article 16] is a safeguarding measure. If the conditions existed for it to be invoked that means the UK and Northern Ireland is being damaged by the protocol.  READ MORE ABOUT A PIP PAYMENT RECALL LEAVING A FAMILY UNABLE TO EAT OR SHOWER "The Government should have instantly moved to invoke it. How can the Government acknowledge damage is being done to the country and not take ready made action? It's a gross dereliction of duty." On whether or not the Bill could get through parliament, Mr Habib said: "It depends on what the Bill says of course. "If the Bill is incredibly watered down, if it doesn't get rid of EU supremacy in Northern Ireland or bring Northern Ireland back into the customs union with Great Britain, it may get through, but it won't get past any Unionists. "It would be a pointless Bill to bring if it doesn't genuinely attempt to remove the ECJ and bring Northern Ireland back in."  DON'T MISS: Two missing and five injured after boat capsizes in lake [LATEST] Driver calls judge an 'absolute helmet' for jailing him after crash [REVEALED] Mike Tindall lays bare why Royal Family wanted to flee pageant [REPORT] He added that the Bill could also have a difficult passage through parliament if it does not satisfy Remainers in the Conservative Party, which number 134, according to Mr Habib's estimate. The Brexiteer said: "[The Bill] is going to be used as a mechanism to bring the Prime Minister [Boris Johnson] to heel by those people. "Their aim is to block it to in order to show that he doesn't command the confidence of the party. "It's going to be a troubled time for the Prime Minister next week if he brings [the Bill] forward at all. He's stuck between a rock and a hard place."  According to Politico, the Government's plan was rubber-stamped at a Cabinet meeting on Wednesday. It reports that there was "some last-minute wrangling" before the meeting when Foreign Secretary Liz Truss argued the measures should be hardened despite Downing Street having signed them off. This came after Mr Johnson declared victory in Monday's confidence vote, which saw four in 10 Tory MPs voting against the PM. Mr Habib said: "He's lost his majority. We're going to see the Prime Minister fall in the next few weeks."  On whether or not the Bill could undermine international law, Mr Habib alleged that the EU had already done so. He claimed that the EU knew when it signed the protocol that it would "capture" Northern Ireland from the UK, in what he believed to be a breach of the Vienna Convention. Mr Habib also alleged that signing the protocol also breached the EU's own law under Article 50 that says a country has a right to leave the bloc pursuant to that state's constitutional requirements. He argued: "The UK did not leave the EU, Great Britain left the EU. Northern Ireland remained behind. That is a breach of EU law." 