Manchester United and Tottenham are set to battle it out for Villarreal's coveted centre-half, Pau Torres, this summer. The Spanish defender is being courted by a host of top European clubs and could be lured to the Premier League in the coming weeks. Both United and Spurs are in the market for defensive reinforcements ahead of the 2022/23 campaign and have seemingly earmarked Torres, who racked up 33 appearances and played a crucial role Villarreal's run to the Champions League semi-finals last year, as a potential target. Although it's unclear who will win the race for the sought-after defender, transfer guru Fabrizio Romano has told GIVEMESPORT that there is now a "serious possibility" that Torres will be plying his trade in the Premier League next season. Romano had claimed last weekend that United have 'held talks' with Torres representatives and that a deal could be struck for considerably less than the 25-year-old's reported £52million release clause. The Daily Mail claimed earlier this month that Tottenham are currently trying to use Giovani Lo Celso as a makeweight in negotiations for Torres. READ MORE: Arsenal stance on completing Raphinha transfer as Leeds play hardball Lo Celso spent the second half of last season on loan at the Estadio de la Ceramica and featured regularly under Unai Emery, who could now be given the opportunity to acquire the midfield maestro's services on a permanent basis. Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is keen to sign an elite defensive partner for Christian Romero this summer and would be willing to sacrifice Lo Celso, who is currently out-of-favour in north London, in order to strike a deal for Torres. However, any potential swap deal could be hijacked by interest from Manchester United, who are desperate to remould a squad that limped to a disappointing sixth-placed finish last term. DON'T MISS: Arsenal could beat Barcelona to Raphinha despite 'full agreement'PSG rival Man City for Kalvin Phillips transfer as 'enquiries' madeLeeds United's Raphinha 'open to everything' as Arsenal show interest United's new manager, Erik ten Hag, has so far been left frustrated in his attempts to strengthen his squad. The Dutchman is still chasing a deal for Frenkie de Jong but he has seemingly been snubbed by Ajax defender Jurrien Timber; one of Ten Hag's ex-players who had emerged as a defensive target for United. In the wake of Timber's rejection, Torres could now become United's primary target as Ten Hag bids to bolster a defence that majorly struggled in the top-flight last term, shipping a staggering 57 goals - their worst-ever tally in the Premier League era. Chelsea are another club who have been linked with a move for Torres as they bid to avoid a defensive crisis. The Blues have already lost Antonio Rudiger - who has signed for Real Madrid - and Andreas Christensen this summer after the duo ran down their deals at Stamford Bridge. And their exit leaves Thomas Tuchel with a dearth of defensive options ahead of the upcoming season, meaning that the German could swoop in and join the race for Torres.