Mary Parren, 61, and her husband Brian had travelled from Cornwall to Chatham, Kent, to attend a friend's wedding on June 4. The couple had booked their £180 two-night stay at the Chatham Maritime Travelodge three months in advance. However, what was supposed to have been a relaxing weekend away ultimately left Mary feeling "emotional and distressed", reports Kent Live. Mary, who works as an AP Associate for Ginsters, had been eagerly anticipating the relaxed weekend away and surrounding celebrations. These expectations were soon ruined when the pair saw the state of the room. She claims the conditions were so appalling that the couple only stayed for one night, before abandoning their hopes of attending their friend's wedding. Mary, a former resident of Chatham before relocating to Cornwall, said: "It was a bit of a trek for us. We had a six-hour drive up and we knew we were going to be late because of the traffic. "We got there about 11ish [pm] on Friday, checked in and got given a key to the room. We were given a disabled room, which would have been fine, had it been clean. "We had two children’s single beds, there was no other furniture in the room, just the two little beds. There was a big bathroom, and the walls, the tiles, were just covered in excrement, it was just disgusting.” Mary took numerous pictures of the room during her stay, showing several stained surfaces, the single beds and general lack of furniture in the room. She continued: "The sink didn’t work, it wouldn’t let the water out, the shower was rusty and old, the floor was so dirty you didn’t even want to walk on it. "I couldn’t even shower or wash, it was just too dirty. Straight away I went downstairs to complain but was told ‘that’s all there is, that’s what you’ve got’. "We were just stuck there and I must admit I was emotional, I was so distressed with the room, what were we supposed to do, sleep in the car?"  Unfortunately, due to the experience of the stay, the pair ultimately decided not to attend the wedding. Mary added: "We didn’t go to the wedding in the end, because we couldn’t get showered and dressed in time.  "My main concern is that’s a vulnerable room for somebody, you wouldn’t want to put your vulnerable relative in that room. "It was horrible, I’ve never known anything like it in my life, I’ve been to basic hotels before but you expect clean and it was a health hazard in my opinion." Mary fought for a refund after her stay - filing an official complaint through the Travelodge website.  A Travelodge spokesperson said: "We are sincerely sorry to hear about Mrs Parren’s recent experience at our Chatham Maritime hotel. "We take customer feedback extremely seriously and on this rare occasion, we have failed to meet our normal high standard of service. "We have started a comprehensive investigation at the hotel to address the comments raised and we will take the appropriate action required. "We are also making contact to personally apologise to Mrs Parren and her family today and we have refunded the booking in full."