Fruit flies thrive on high-fructose substances and, as such, are often drawn to fermenting fruit and vegetables which is why you might spot them in your kitchen. Though they are harmless on their own, fruit flies can multiply rapidly and are sometimes a sign of unsanitary conditions in your home. That is why the absolute best port of call upon spotting fruit flies is to have a thorough clean of your space. You should also try to get rid of all of the flies in your home as soon as possible. This is because female fruit flies often lay their eggs on the surface of or inside overripe or rotting fruit. To make matters worse, they can lay up to 500 eggs at any one time. READ MORE: Laundry tips: How to get crease-free clothes without ironing Luckily, you don't need to invest in expensive products to get rid of fruit flies. In fact, a combination of apple cider vinegar and dish soap is often touted as an easy way to eliminate pesky bugs. The method is a tried and tested one, with Reddit users sharing their experiences in a forum. One user said: "I tried to get rid of fruit flies with apple cider vinegar. It worked." DON'T MISSHow to keep flies out of the kitchen when it's hot - 6 hacks [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of mould using white vinegar [INSIGHT]‘Absolute bedroom layout no-nos’ to ‘avoid’ - ‘essential’ item to add [COMMENT] A second explained their exact method for success, writing: "Half apple cider vinegar, half hot water, two drops of dish soap. "[You] don't go through as much vinegar and kills mostly any bug on contact. "I've found fruit flies, regular flies, and spiders in these traps." The stale, sweetness of apple cider vinegar is what attracts the fruit flies. The dish soap works to decrease the surface tension of the liquid. This lures the flies in and causes them to become immediately trapped. You can also use apple cider vinegar on its own, though you will need to create a trap to stop flies from escaping. To do this, fill a bowl or glass with apple cider vinegar and cover with plastic wrap. Be sure to seal the edges before poking some tiny holes in the top. This will attract the flies in, and once in they are unable to escape beyond the plastic wrap.