Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham has got Liverpool fans talking after he described the club captain Jordan Henderson as a ‘legend’ on Instagram. Bellingham is one of the most sought-after prospects in European football with the 18-year-old impressing during two seasons with Dortmund. He has already made over 150 appearances in senior football, including 15 England caps, despite his young age. The German side are unsurprisingly reluctant to part with one of their key players and have hence slapped an £87 million transfer fee on the midfielder. However, this has not stopped Europe’s biggest clubs from maintaining interest in the player. Liverpool are one of the clubs credited with an interest in the player with Jurgen Klopp keen to bring the Englishman to Anfield and his recent social media activity has sent Liverpool fans into a frenzy. Henderson posted a promotional video on his Instagram for his Nike-made documentary series, Never Done. In response to the post, Bellingham simply called the Liverpool skipper a ‘legend’ joining in praise with many of his fellow professionals. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag faces Ajax snub that hands advantage to Arsenal in £45m transfer pursuit The comment was not missed by Liverpool supporters who responded in their droves, with the post also receiving over 1,000 likes. One Instagram user Ramiz_Washit_ responded: “welcome to Liverpool Jude”. While another, ed_keoghan, called Bellingham an "absolute tease". Other comments encouraged the England international to go and join Henderson in the summer. The activity was also noticed on Twitter with popular Liverpool fan account, @Anfieldedition, simply tweeting a picture of the exchange with the caption ‘Jude’ with a shaking hands emoji. However, the reaction was mocked in some other quarters with betting company Paddy Power mockingly writing: “Jude Bellingham has had his move to Anfield officially confirmed by Liverpool Twitter after he wrote the word ‘legend’ under one of Jordan Henderson’s Instagram posts.” READ MORE: Juventus think they can sign 'ideal Paul Pogba partner' from Liverpool this summer Liverpool fans may be forced to wait to see the 18-year-old line up at Anfield with the club not expected to make any more major transfer deals this summer after signing Darwin Nunez, Fabio Carvalho and Calvin Ramsey. However, the club are expected to make a move for the former Birmingham City player next summer when Dortmund are expected to be more willing to do business. Reports suggest that Anfield executives are increasingly confident of gaining the star’s signature this time next year as a result. Liverpool will enter next season with Fabinho, Thiago, Jordan Henderson, James Milner, Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Curtis Jones and Harvey Elliot as their central midfield options. Bellingham has clearly been identified as a long-term target with the player potentially being a replacement for his idol Henderson next year. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 