A German Government source has told Reuters the country is "very confident" NATO will successfully reach an agreement with Sweden and Finland over their bid for membership. However, the move may not be completed in time for the NATO Summit in Madrid, which begins next Wednesday (June 29). The source said: "As nice as it would be to announce concrete steps, it would not be a catastrophe if it needed a few weeks. What is decisive from our point of view is there are no unsurmountable problems." Russian propaganda claims the war in Ukraine has been largely triggered by the expansion of NATO and the possibility of allowing Ukraine to become a member. Sweden and Finland applied to join the Western defence alliance last month, as Russia's brutal war in Ukraine intensified. But the move has faced strong opposition from Turkey, which has accused Sweden and Finland of supporting and harbouring Kurdish militants and other groups it deems terrorists.  On Sunday, Turkish officials were due to travel to Brussels to discuss the country's concerns regarding Finland and Sweden's NATO membership bids. Last month, Turkey gave both countries written demands to address its concerns. But last week, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said the letters from NATO and Stockholm in response were "far from meeting our expectations". Mr Cavusoglu told a news conference in Zagreb on Friday that Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan's spokesman Ibrahim Kalin, who is also his chief foreign policy adviser, and Deputy Foreign Minister Sedat Onal would travel to the Belgian capital for talks. READ MORE: Russian attack fears on Birmingham to see UK deploy high-tech drones  He said: "They (NATO) sent a document, one that could be signed in a trilateral way. "We found these documents insufficient and sent our own document in response. "We said 'negotiations can continue through this'." Mr Cavusoglu added: "Onal and presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin will travel to Brussels on Sunday night and they will carry out work with NATO on this document, but we remind NATO and all parties of our determination on this issue." DON'T MISSRussia tank blown to smithereens in horrific close-up attack [VIDEO]Putin's war could last for years, warns Nato chief [COMMENTS]Ukraine shows off provided howitzer 'Nightmare of Russian occupiers [PICTURES]   NATO leaders are meeting in Madrid next week to further discuss Russia's invasion of Ukraine, as well as the Nordic bids to join the defence alliance. Turkey has insisted it does not see the summit as a deadline, and progress will only be made once its concerns are addressed. For any new members to join NATO, it requires the unanimous approval from all 30 members of the alliance. Turkey has been a NATO ally for more than 70 years and boasts its second biggest army.  Last week, the European Union gave the go-ahead for Ukraine and its neighbour Moldova to become members of the bloc. Ukraine applied to join the EU four days after Russian troops poured across its border on February 24, with Moldova and Georgia - smaller ex-Soviet states also contending with separatist regions occupied by Russia - following shortly afterwards. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, wearing Ukrainian colours, told a news conference: "Ukrainians are ready to die for the European perspective. "We want them to live with us the European dream."