Motoring experts have warned drivers that switching to an EV will not guarantee an instant reduction in costs. This is despite the interest in EVs increasing massively due to the ever-rising petrol and diesel prices. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists can expect to pay 191.05p per litre of petrol. The price is even higher for diesel car owners who need to fork out 198.94 on average per litre. With that in mind, it should come as no surprise that drivers across the UK are thinking about switching to an electric car. However, experts have now warned that choosing an EV over a petrol alternative might not be as cost-effective as drivers think. READ MORE: Drivers warned they risk life in prison for bad driving habits  Firstly, electric cars are much more expensive than petrol equivalents. The average price of an EV stands at a whopping £51,924. Experts at Forbes Advisor said that the figure is twice the price of the average fuel car which costs £26,752. On top of that, models from the same manufacturer can vary drastically in price. DON'T MISS 'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [WARNING] 'Important milestone’: Red Bull unveil RB17 - A new £5million hypercar [REVEAL] Elderly driver urges young motorists to be safe on the roads [ADVICE] For instance, a new Vauxhall Corsa with a petrol engine starts at £17,340 but motorists have to fork out nearly £10,000 more for the Corsa-e. This in turn means that in order to regain the difference in the purchase price, a new EV driver would have to drive over 300,000 miles. And, that figure does not include insurance costs, MOTs and servicing. While some running costs are in fact cheaper for EVs, that is not the case for insurance. READ MORE: Motorists warned that show of 'thanks' when driving can see £1k fine If a motorist wishes to insure a brand new 1.2 petrol engine Vauxhall Corsa, they can expect to pay £243.43 for the cheapest annual comprehensive insurance policy. That figure, however, stands at £334.71 for the Corsa-e. When it comes to the Tesla Model 3, the most popular EV in the UK, the cost of the insurance policy rises to a whopping £579.3 – over two times more than the petrol-powered Corsa. On top of that, drivers looking to buy an EV below £32,000 will no longer receive grants from the Government. Earlier this month, Grant Shapps announced that he was withdrawing the £1,500 plug-in grant offered to buyers of new electric vehicles. The Department of Transport said that success in the UK’s electric car revolution has led the Government to "refocus plug-in grant funding" to encourage other vehicles to "charge up and go green". Laura Howard, a motoring expert at Forbes Advisor, commented: “We’re deep in a cost of living crisis, and paying £100 to fill up the tank with petrol or diesel is beyond affordable for many families already struggling with energy bills and rampant inflation. "Very few drivers will see the pump price indicator race towards three figures with anything other than dread and dismay. “Those fortunate enough to have the money for a new car might consider an EV on the basis of its relatively low running costs. "But they should remember that the purchase price premium means they won’t earn back the higher cost for a long time. "So, anyone looking for immediate savings to ease the stress on their wallet should look for other ways to cut the cost of motoring, from shopping around for a better insurance deal to ditching the heavy roof-rack.”