Sophie Wessex has been making more and more public appearances in the last couple of years, and many of them have been accompanying Kate Middleton. The Countess of Wessex and the Duchess of Cambridge seem to have developed a close bond, with the two women seemingly enjoying one another’s company when out and about. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about the more prominent role Sophie has evidently stepped into. “Sophie is so obviously the royal Firm’s ‘safe pair of hands,’” Judi suggested. “Seeming to have both a strong work ethic and an ability to avoid any projection of drama. “She did have a hiccup or two in the early days but nothing for years. “While the recent rifts and scandals buffeted the Royal Family, Sophie was the one going out on visits projecting an air of calm confidence and stability. READ MORE: Queen Letizia looks sensational in her favourite dress in Madrid  “Sophie also projects a rather firmly loyal approach, too, which could be why she is so close to both Kate and the Queen. “Both women behave in a way that suggests they both like Sophie and trust her, too. “And there could be another, more poignant reason why Kate always looks so relaxed and happy in her company,” Judi opined. “With Diana’s death, William missed a mother but Kate might have missed having a mother-in-law to help her through all the challenges of joining the Royal Family and maybe some of the challenges of marrying a Windsor male, too. DON'T MISS...Best way to store lettuce - fresh and crispy for 3 weeks [FOOD HACK]Nutritionist shares common mistake that hinders weight loss [EXCLUSIVE]Look younger: Beauty fans praise £16 ‘natural facelift’ massage roller [GUIDE] “The sense of friendship and fun combined with a sense of maternal sense and guidance might just come from Sophie instead, who is Diana’s generation of royals and who, like Kate, was a non-royal joining the family. “The two women mirror each another a lot, which suggests empathy and like-minded thinking. “And although they look like friends much of the time, there have also been moments when Sophie was more of a supportive or even protective presence. “Like when she and Edward were the ones providing the ice-breaking chats and smiles on Prince Harry’s last public appearance in the UK.” So is Sophie slowly becoming Kate’s right-hand woman? Today, Sophie attended the Order of the Garter alongside Kate. For the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Sophie was given a front row seat at the Service of Thanksgiving. She also attended several of the garden parties at Buckingham Palace over the last couple of months with the Duchess and occasionally Prince William and Prince Edward. Prior to that, Sophie sat next to, and front row again, at the Christmas Carol Concert Kate and organised. And before that, the National Service of Remembrance at the Cenotaph, Sophie stood beside Kate on the balcony, with Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall on the other side.