And two in five have booked a trip with the hope of finding love – with 30 percent taking along a wingman, and 10 percent pursuing romance alone. Living in the moment (35 percent), being excited (31 percent), and being spontaneous (30 percent), were the top reasons the nation loves a holiday romance. It also emerged a beach break is the perfect type of holiday for finding love – as people feel more attractive (32 percent) and confident (28 percent) with a glowing tan. Sex and intimacy expert, Charlene Douglas, has teamed up with sun cream manufacturers Piz Buin as part of its “Get It On” campaign. The Married at First Sight star said: “There’s certainly high hopes and expectations for this summer when it comes to love and intimacy. “Not only have we not been able to take a holiday, but we have also been told to keep our distance – making it hard for those looking to make a connection. “Although the restrictions have eased for some time, the summer brings with it a new sense of confidence for many, and a chance to put ourselves out there. “And self-esteem is often higher when we are riding the high of a trip away to an exciting or exotic location.” The study also found over a third (38 percent) of those in a relationship have enjoyed a holiday romance while on a beach holiday – but it’s unclear if they are still in that same relationship. Six in ten single adults have also met someone during a getaway – as have 71 percent of divorcees. But for those hoping to find love it can prove to be easier said than done – with “making a move” proving to be an intimidating prospect for many. Just one in ten single adults would have the confidence to ask someone they found attractive to apply sun cream to them. But for those who are apprehensive, the study offered some suggestions of what not to do – with a lack of enthusiasm (26 percent), cheesy chat-up lines (24 percent), and socks and sandals (24 percent) among the top turn-offs. The research, carried out via OnePoll, also found the hot weather appears to impact habits under the sheets, with a quarter claiming to have more sex in the summer than at any other time of the year – while just eight percent get the most action during spring. Charlene Douglas added: “As you consider hitting the beach, or spending any time outside exposed to the elements, ensure you get the sunscreen on to avoid sun damage and embarrassing sunburn, which may well scupper your chances of romance. “If you’re spending time with an existing partner, or wanting to connect with someone you’re dating, you could even consider sun cream application as a safe and appropriate way to incorporate intimacy and touch into your time together.” TOP 10 TURN OFFS: