Lara Lewington, 43, has worried fans after she revealed she'd had an accident, making her take the week off work. The TV presenter admitted she was an "extremely clumsy person" leading to her crash on an electric scooter. Lara shared a selfie, with large red cuts on her head, lip and nose. She captioned the photo in view of her 52,700 Twitter followers: "As an extremely clumsy person, always wobbly on two wheels, the electric scooter ride was never going to be a good idea. "After being cleaned up and stitched up, six days later I’m healing well, and I'm grateful it wasn’t worse. Back on @BBCClick & @PackedLunchC4 this week, cuts ‘n all!" (sic) Many social media users and friends alike rushed to the comments to wish the star well and offer their support. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction Steph McGovern said: "Hope you're ok!" She shared this along with a shocked face emoji, after being left stunned by the accident. JamieJamieson6 added: "Know the feeling.. more than once. "Good to see you're still in one piece (more or less)! Very best wishes." Jramjee commented: "Geeeez!!!! That looks horrific. Thank goodness you're healing and in positive spirits. Feel better soon." (sic) Lara has been married to Martin Lewis since 2009 and the couple share one daughter together. The pair keep their love life quite private, with Martin giving an insight into their relationship with a throwback picture at the end of April. The Money Saving Expert shared a sweet picture of the pair as he thanked her for her support during lockdown. DON'T MISS... Richard E Grant reflects on 'navigating grief' after wife's death [COMMENT] Bradley Walsh's wife Donna showcases stunning figure in pink bikini [PICS] Tom Hanks's 'loneliness of marriage' laid bare [INSIGHT] He wrote: "Two years ago today. Lockdown with Mrs MSE... kindly, brilliantly and dedicatedly acting as producer/floor manager when I had to do my ITV show from home. "She was so professional, stopping her work at 2pm on a Thur, to dedicate the rest of the time to my show. I'm very lucky." Lara responded: "I loved doing this, one of my lockdown highlights - and there were actually a few! "Available for weddings, bar mitzvahs, and producing prime time shows in pandemics." The pair have been married for thirteen years, with Lara working as a journalist with the BBC. During lockdown the couple set up a home studio in the garden with Martin now using the room to present some of his This Morning segment. During his first Money Expert Show from his home studio, Martin brought Lara on screen and gave her a hug to thank her for setting up.