With average property prices up nearly 10 percent in a year, making sure your house appeals to the majority of buyers is easy, if you have the right front door colour. Express.co.uk spoke to paint experts, Lick, about the hottest front door colours, and why you shouldn’t choose grey. Tash Bradley, Lick’s Director of Interior Design and Colour Psychologist, said: “Your front door colour gives an indication into the personality who lives inside. “You want your front door to welcome you home and to greet you with a smile. “Currently, pale pink and lilac tones are very on trend channelling a fun, youthful vibe, full of energy.” “Be wary of grey tones for your front door as the colour can lack personality and make the property feel a little aloof.” READ MORE: Interior: Decorating styles to increase property value by £10,000 If you are someone who likes grey, then there are plenty of shades to choose from. Lick said: “A grey front door is one that suits all eras of architecture and is so easygoing that it’ll work with all manner of masonry paint colours.” If you want to keep things neutral, opt for Grey 01 - “a light grey with sky blue undertones”. If you’re looking for something a little warmer, then Grey 03 is a “warm grey with lavender undertones”. DON'T MISS...Why you should never store milk & eggs in a fridge door ‘Big mistake!' [EXPERT]Nando’s ex-employee shares best meal to order off ‘secret menu’ [INSIDER]Get rid of slugs and snails with clever food hack ‘They hate it!' [VIDEO] For someone who isn’t bold enough to choose black, then Lick’s Grey 08’s “velvet-soft charcoal grey” is a great alternative. Anyone wanting to return home and see a pink front door, Pink 04 is the shade for you. Lick describes it as “Pink and proud. That's right, Pink 04's stronger than a calamine shade of pink but still brings a soft touch. “Note that grey undertone that adds a touch of cool to stop it being too whimsical, with a similarly smooth matt finish for a crisp and tasteful touch.” In terms of how to paint your front door, Lick had some useful advice. “The secret to a flawlessly painted front door? Putting in the time to prep the surface before you even reach for that paintbrush,” they explained. Firstly, you need to remove the old paint - this is done in two steps. Using a paint stripper, apply it all over the door, and leave it on for the manufacturer’s recommended amount of time. Then scrape the paint off until you are left with a bare wooden surface. Wipe down the surface with a sponge soaked in warm water. Next, sand the surface smooth using a piece of fine sandpaper. Once the stripping and sanding are done, it’s time to paint! Pale blue - easy-going, family vibe, relaxed, approachable Dark blue - peace, tranquillity, intelligent Yellow - colour of sunshine, happy, warm, friendly, welcoming, perfect host Pink - creative, outgoing, welcoming, nurturing, mischievous Black - elegant, classic, strong sense of style, mystery Green - feeling of safety, wholesome home Red - stands out, commands attention, passionate Beige - peaceful, calm