As the action-oriented transit in Virgo draws to a close, we’ll be entering the more easy-going and harmonious transit in Libra. A Libra Moon can bring greater balance, diplomacy, and can help attune you better to social cues - but don’t be afraid to rock the boat. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 8. When transiting in Libra, observation skills might come to the fore and reading people and situations might come a little more naturally. Cafe Astrology said: “Those things that are out of balance or unfair can be more noticeable.” With this sprinkle of emotional intelligence will come better responses and approaches to what might seem unjust. Libras like to avoid conflict and restore peace amongst their social circles, so you might find it easier than normal to forgive and forget during these transits.  READ MORE: How to sleep: Sleeping alone or with a partner more beneficial?  However, it’s important not to make peace for everyone else the sole focus while forgetting about how you feel in the process. The Moon School said: “Conflict averse, it’s almost as though this Moon activates a kind of internal equilibrium that we’re too afraid to tip out of balance. “For this reason, beware of that inner people pleaser coming out to play at the first sign of friction in your relationships.” Libras definitely aren’t a stand-on-the-sidelines sign, despite the harmonious energy they exude.  The Moon School said: “Libra is cardinal in modality, meaning it needs to take action, get involved, and initiate.” Which actually, is a bit of a paradox to its typical peace-keeping approach. For this reason, the Moon School said: “It’s important under this lunar sign not to decide to DO something just because it’s the path of least resistance. “As hard as it may feel to rock the boat, waves may not be the worst thing in the world.”  DON'T MISS: Moon breakthrough as vast ‘slabs' of ice could provide water for astro [INSIGHT]‘Great budget-friendly’ way ‘guaranteed' to improve your living room [ANALYSIS]Interiors: How to 'create the illusion of space' in your living room [EXPLAINED]    The Moon will oppose Jupiter this evening, which, according to Cafe Astrology, emits a “borrow from the future energy”. Cafe Astrology said: “We should be careful not to commit to something for which we don’t yet have the resources.” This planet positioning can stir good feelings and generosity, but also a slight lack of control - which might be a shock to vibrations following the organised Virgo Moon.  Astrology King said: “You should feel more relaxed and sociable. “However, your good cheer can turn to unhappiness if your kindness is seen as a weakness by others. “Take care that your overly generous mood is not taken advantage of.” 