Real Madrid have added Gareth Bale to the list of club legends on their website in a move which may stir up further debate about the Welshman. Bale will officially depart Real at the end of June when his contract expires – and most Los Blancos fans will not be sad to see him go.   Bale joined Real in a £86million transfer from Tottenham in 2013 and went on to contribute 106 goals and 67 assists in 258 appearances for the club. The forward leaves having won a remarkable 19 trophies with the Spanish giants, yet has become a divisive figure in recent years. The 32-year-old has slipped out of the first-team under Zinedine Zidane and Carlo Ancelotti, but has still been collecting his reported £600,000-a-week wages. That, as well as an apparent focus on playing golf and turning out for Wales, has left many Real fans to criticise Bale. Nevertheless, his departure has been honoured by Real, who have added his name to their list of legends. Bale and team-mates Isco and Marcelo have been inducted to the club’s online hall of fame. His entry is titled ‘The unforgettable bicycle kick to clinch La Decimotercera' in reference to his famous goal against Liverpool in the 2018 Champions League final.  JUST IN: Newcastle facing ‘lots of work’ to seal Hugo Ekitike transfer Despite his difficult relationship with Real’s fans and the Spanish media in particular, Bale still penned an emotional farewell message when his departure was made official recently. "I arrived here 9 years ago as a young man who wanted to realise my dream of playing for Real Madrid,” he wrote. "To wear the pristine white kit, to wear the crest on my chest, to play at the Santiago Bernabeu, to win titles and to be part of what it's so famous for, to win the Champions League. DON'T MISS Man Utd dealt another blow as Vitinha 'agrees terms' with other club Tottenham have may solution to 'complicated' transfer pleasing Conte Yves Bissouma explains what he expects from Antonio Conte at Tottenham  "I can now look back, reflect and say with honesty that this dream became a reality and much, much more. To be a part of this club's history and to achieve what we achieved while I was a Real Madrid player, has been an incredible experience and one I will never forget.” Bale’s future has been the subject of much speculation, with a move to Championship side Cardiff one of the options touted. “I can't really say,” he said recently when asked about the possibility. “I haven't really looked at everything yet. I have options. I don't have a timescale. I know possible destinations but it's something I need to sit down, first and foremost with my family, and then I need to speak with managers and physios and decide what's the best move for me, my family and my kids.” 