A two-time cancer survivor, Ernie Hudson got rid of cancerous tumours in the prostate and renal area – something that is possible when the disease is caught early. "When I heard the word cancer it was one of the most devastating moments in my life," Ernie reflected. "But we caught it early,” he told Fox59. "Getting tested for cancer saved my life." Prostate cancer There is currently no screening programme in the UK for prostate cancer. Thus, in order to maximise the chances of living longer, you need to know what the symptoms are. The NHS lists the possible symptoms of prostate cancer as follows: These symptoms could be indicative of a common, non-cancerous condition called an enlarged prostate. READ MORE: Hair loss: Popular hair washing tip could be 'bad for your hair' – might lead to hair loss  However, as there is a chance it could be cancer, it's best to see your doctor if you have any of the warning signs. "There's no single, definitive test for prostate cancer," the NHS notes. As part of the diagnostic toolkit, testing might involve a urine and blood sample, in addition to a rectal examination. If caught early, the prognosis can look very good, especially as medical staff can keep an eye on the condition. DON'T MISSHow many times do you pee daily? The optimal number [TIPS]Hair loss: Three 'hair-care' habits causing hair loss [ADVICE]Peter Kay: Comic's experience with 'complex' disease [INSIGHT] As for rectal cancer, which Ernie also survived, symptoms may include: Renal cancer, also known as kidney cancer, is often curable if found early. "But a cure will probably not be possible if it's diagnosed after it has spread beyond the kidney," the NHS notes. This, again, reinforces the key messaging that an early diagnosis saves lives. In addition to blood and urine samples, testing for kidney cancer may include scans and a biopsy. If cancer is found, further testing will inform medics (and yourself) what stage of kidney cancer you have. Knowing how big the tumour is, and whether it has spread or not, is critical in determining which treatments to do. Treatment options may include surgery and ablation therapies, where the cancer cells are destroyed by freezing or heating them. Then there's biological therapies that help the cancer to stop growing or spreading. And then there's embolisation, which cuts off the blood supply to the cancer. Radiotherapy is another option, which is where high-energy radiation targets cancer cells and relieves symptoms.