The former Good Morning Britain host welcomed Marina Purkiss and TalkTV panellist Esther Krakue onto Piers Morgan Uncensored. The panel were discussing the question: “Is the Jubilee tone deaf?” Marina argued the celebrations were unnecessary while Piers and Esther disagreed. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** “I think the Queen does barely nothing,” Marina stated. “She goes on tours…” Interrupting, Piers raged: “Woah, woah, woah. The Queen does barely nothing! “She’s a 96-year-old woman who does a huge number of engagements every year even at 96.” Marina questioned: “Engagements that do what?” Read more: Piers Morgan shamelessly brags about 'beating' Sky News in ratings war “Meeting the British people up and down the ranks of the social ladder from the poorest to the wealthiest,” Piers said. “And that does what for them?” Marina asked and the host replied: “I’ll tell you what she does. “In times of trouble, this woman has given us a sense of calm, a sense of morale boosting. “We saw it with the amazing documentary on the BBC. She has done this her entire life having inherited a crown at 26 years old and she’s still going now. “She’s a calming presence in our country which reminds the world the very best of what it means to be British.” Esther added: “I completely agree and I’m so shocked [Marina] that you said she does nothing. Have you heard of the Commonwealth? What is the Commonwealth?” “Well apparently they go around just offending the Commonwealth at the moment,” Marina quipped. Esther hit back: “No, I come from a Commonwealth country and this woman has dedicated her life to this fantastic institution that has brought so many good values to different people in different parts of the world.” DON'T MISSPiers Morgan rages over MP's claim that 'women can have penises' [INTERVIEW]Anne Robinson hints at move to TalkTV after quitting Countdown [INSIGHT]‘I’m happily married’ Joan Collins hits back at Piers romance probe [VIDEO] Interjecting, Piers argued: “What I would say is when you’ve got a Prime Minister who’s lying through his back teeth, partying, breaking his own laws when he’s ordering the rest of us to go into lockdown, when you have alongside that a woman who has been on the throne for 70 years and has never behaved like that. “She’s always behaved with dignity, decorum, respect.” Cutting Piers off, Marina noted: “Piers, you’re clutching we’re talking about against a backdrop of Boris Johnson – anyone looks half decent.” “That’s true!” Piers replied as he burst out laughing. “The Queen could do something really nice here,” Marina continued. “She could subtly nod to the fact that we’ve got a Prime Minister running roughshod over our democracy and our politics but she doesn’t she only steps in when it benefits her like when she lobbied the Government to change transparency laws so the public couldn’t see her wealth. “I’m sorry I don’t respect that, that’s awful.” Piers Morgan Uncensored is available in the UK on TalkTV, Fox Nation in the US and Sky News Australia.