Tottenham are already moving in for their second target from La Liga as they look to clinch a loan for Barcelona star Clement Lenglet. Antonio Conte is looking to splash the cash in the transfer window this summer. Tottenham have made Villarreal star Pervis Estupinan their next top target as they look to continue splashing the cash at the club this summer. Antonio Conte has big plans in the transfer window. Spurs finished within the top four last season, pipping Arsenal to the spot, and have been looking to make full advantage of that situation in the market. It has helped open doors over transfer targets with several already signed or in the pipeline. Yves Bissouma was brought in from Brighton in a fine coup for Conte's men, while Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic have also signed. Everton star Richarlison is close to joining, as well, in a deal that could be worth £60million. According to Goal, Tottenham are not stopping there and have big plans to revamp their defence - particularly the left side. Barcelona star Clement Lenglet is being eyed in a loan deal from the Nou Camp. The Frenchman has been largely ostracised in Spain while a mixture of injuries and falling out of favour under different coaches appear to have wrecked his Barca career. But Spurs could snap him up to sit on the left-hand side of Conte's back three, due to the fact he is left-footed. But Tottenham have already lined up another signing in the shape of Villarreal ace Estupinan to follow through the door. Often deployed as a left wing-back, the 24-year-old would arrive to give Sergio Reguilon competition. There were times during the season when Spurs were short on both flanks while Matt Doherty was often played out of position as a result of injuries to Reguilon. A right wing-back is also being targeted in the shape of Djed Spence - though talks have stalled. If Estupinan is signed, this would not be the first Premier League club that the Ecuador international has been at after four years at Watford. During that entire time, though, he never made a single appearance for the Hornets. Instead, the defender was loaned out to the likes of Granada, Almeira, Mallorca and Osasuna before he signed for Villarreal in 2020. Under Unai Emery, Estupinan was a key part of the side that won the Europa League in 2021 against Manchester United.