West Yorkshire Police warned criminal street gangs were behind two violent attacks in the city on Thursday. An 18-year-old man was shot in a "targeted attack" on Blenheim Walk, Woodhouse, at 11.51pm. He was rushed to hospital where he is receiving treatment for non life-threatening injuries. Earlier at 7.38pm a 15-year-old boy was stabbed with a machete in East Park View, East End Park, the same day. The teenager is understood to have been chased by two men who "attacked him with a machete". He was also rushed to hospital for treatment after sustaining "serious" injuries. The force has confirmed that, while the two attacks are not being linked, current information suggests criminal street gangs were involved in both incidents. It led senior officers at Leeds District to implement increased stop and search powers across two areas of Leeds. One order, made under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, covers an area of Little London and Woodhouse, bordered by Woodhouse Lane, Meanwood Road and Clay Pit Lane. The other covers an area of Richmond Hill around York Road. Superintendent Russ Hughes, of Leeds District, said: "While there is no specific link between these two incidents, we have sufficient concerns that both are connected to those involved in the street-level supply of drugs and the violence that accompanies it. "Serious violence, such as that we have seen in both these incidents, cannot and will not be tolerated and we will continue to do everything we can to identify those responsible and to take positive action against them. "The use of additional search powers under Section 60 gives officers an increased ability to target those involved in carrying weapons so we can prevent any further offences. Officers from the local neighbourhood policing team will also be increasing their patrols and presence in the areas affected to deter any further incidents and reassure those communities. "We are determined to keep doing everything we can to disrupt, deter and bring to justice those who involve themselves in this type of criminal behaviour, and I know the majority of people in those areas are supportive of that aim. "Scrutiny and accountability are key factors to ensure the trust and confidence of our communities, and we are working closely with local representatives to keep them fully updated following the introduction of Section 60 powers."