Research carried out by smart meter provider Loop has revealed that families could save a sizeable amount of money. Smart meters are increasingly being used to help households reduce their energy bills and track how much money they are losing. This comes as families across the country are dealing with an annual £693 price cap hike on their energy bills. Following comments made by Ofgem’s chief executive last month, households are being told they could expect to see the energy price cap hit £2,800 by October. At the same time, the country is facing a soaring inflation rate of nine percent which is expected to also rise in the coming months. New research from Loop has found that appliances left on standby, such as electric towel rails and underfloor heating, are costing homes a staggering £429 a year. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum This figure, which was found using real smart meter data, is the equivalent to £8.25 per week being lost on energy bills from next week. With the data being determined using smart meters, this shows how the cost-saving device could save families a sizeable sum of money. Experts at Loop believe this number will increase to £512 a year when the price rises again in October. Overall, the “phantom load” of the average home accounts for one third of household energy bills.  The phantom load is the term used to describe the amount of electricity used by leaving devices on, or on standby. Most households will have a unique phantom load, depending on the number of appliances within the house that are left on and how many people live there. It is practically impossible to not have some form of phantom loan as appliances like fridges and freezers need to be left on constantly. As a result, experts are urging households to turn off unused devices as an attempt to reduce their phantom load, and consequently their energy bills. Steve Buckley, the head of Data Science at Loop, shared how those who have smart meters can have better “control” over how much they are spending in energy bills. Mr Buckley said: “Many people I speak to are really worried about their energy bills right now, and sadly the situation is not set to improve for some time yet. “The reality is that the only way we can lower our energy bills right now is to reduce the amount of energy we use and the key to that is measuring our use. “If you measure it, you can control it. If you measure it, you can see the impact of changes you make." Furthermore, the energy expert warned of the dangers posed by a household’s “phantom load” which could further exacerbate people’s money worries. He added: “Understanding whether your phantom load is low, medium or high is the first step towards reducing it and can lead to big savings. “Our free app connects to your smart meter so you can benchmark against other households and track your usage and use the data to your advantage. “You can easily identify the culprits draining your energy and adding pounds to your bills.”