Martin Lewis has detailed his struggle with being branded a "God" after helping people with his Money Saving Expert advice. The star, 50, admitted that he finds the "responsibility" of the job to be "very stressful" as he discussed the response he receives after nearly two decades of sharing his money tips and tricks with consumers. The financial expert was speaking to presenter Gabby Logan when he confessed his struggles with being branded a "god". Gabby asked the star: "So was there ever a point where you thought actually it would be easier if I just walked away, took my money and went and did something completely different? Martin replied that despite struggling with the role, he has never thought about walking away from it. He said: "No, no. There've been times when I found it very difficult to cope with, but not, not walk away for those reasons.. READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on eye-popping display in busty, barely-there top "I've suffered from anxiety a lot. "I find the pressure of the responsibility very difficult," he admitted. The star continued: "You know, it's very, very stressful." Martin went on to recall a moment he was branded a "God" following his money advice. He said: "I mean, I remember back in 2005, three people [who I helped] saying in a week who had got money back in bank charges, ‘you're a God to me’. "And they thought it was fun. I found that very, very hard to deal with. "I'm not going to go into it, but very hard. Very hard to deal with. "And I still find it hard now," he added. DON'T MISS... Trinny Woodall, 58, showcases enviable figure in half-naked post [INSIGHT]Pamela Anderson wows in plunging black gown for third night in Chicago [ANALYSIS]Paul McCartney 'shows support' to Johnny Depp in concert tribute [UPDATE] The financial journalist added that he finds the effect scams have on consumers to be "painful", especially if they include his face. Martin went on: "And when people say, ‘I don't understand what you've said, but I've done it. Cause you said so’. "You know, that's why the scam advert thing gets to me. "When someone messaged me yesterday saying, ‘I know someone who's going to take their own lives because they've lost 200,000 pounds because they put money in an investment that had your name on it.’ "Well, it wasn't me. It was a scam. And that's why that's so painful. So it's difficult," the star explained on her podcast, The Mid Point with Gabby Logan. The star has been offering his money saving advice for almost two decades after setting up Money Saving Expert website from his living room in 2003. Now, the star frequently appears on ITV's This Morning ad Good Morning Britain to offer financial advice to the nation. The Mid.Point with Gabby Logan is available on all major podcast platforms.