Public transport is always more chaotic over bank holidays, as Britons head out to make the most of the time off. But as the much-anticipated four-day Platinum Jubilee weekend kicks off today, you could expect transport to be particularly busy. London will be awash with special events and many will flock to the capital to enjoy them - as well as other various bank holiday events. However, although rail services are doing the most to ensure journeys will run as smoothly as possible, some lines and services are due to be affected, with alternate timetables in place to enforce greater crowd-control. From Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5, it’s been noted that travel will likely be affected, so it’s important to plan ahead to avoid any delays. The big events planned in and around the capital this weekend include: READ MORE: M&S told 'show some respect' over logo change ahead of Jubilee weekend   To ensure you’re as best prepared as possible, Express.co.uk has gathered a list of changes to London tube and National Rail timetables over the weekend. Transport for London (TfL) has confirmed there are currently no planned line closures on the London Underground, but certain stations will be shut. The tube will be running on a Saturday timetable on Friday, June 3, and on Saturday, June 4, services will be running approximately one hour later to assist with heavier traffic from the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert. There are planned changes to station access for the Queen's Jubilee events on Saturday and Sunday for the following stations:  Most travel disruptions will come from the strikes and other various station closures. Here is the current list of special services to take place over the weekend. Tube strikes at Euston and Green Park were rumoured to happen over the weekend, but have now been called off. TFL advises the busiest times will be on Saturday night as the BBC concert and other events draw to a close, as well as during Sunday daytime. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan seen for first time together in UK since Megxit [PICTURES]Royal biographer shuts down Linda Robson in Meghan and Harry probe [ANALYSIS]Why are beacons being lit for the Platinum Jubilee? Poignant meaning [EXPLAINED]     So, expect larger crowds during these times at the stations, especially at the interchange of Bond Street, Green Park and King’s Cross St Pancras. If stations get overcrowded, short-term safety measures, such as one-way systems or temporarily closing stations, could come into effect; so it’s advised to take these possibilities into account on the days of travel. RMT industrial action has been called off for Friday, June 3 but London Underground station staff are due to action strikes on Monday, June 6. Due to the sheer volume of people expected to travel by rail to Platinum Jubilee events, the National Rail has said there will be little major engineering work carried out over the weekend.  It says all major routes into London will remain open, except Hayes to Lewisham. However, some line closures will still be taking place - to view the full list of updated planned disruptions across all National Rail routes and services on each day of the holiday, click the links below: Like TFL, National Rail also advises travellers to plan around possible short-term safety measures and large queues around entrances and exits. 