Tennis star Maria Sakkari has leapt to the defence of Emma Raducanu amid her recent struggles following her lofty heights of winning the US Open. Ahead of their opening matches at the Nottingham Open later today, the Greek star shared some kind words about the British number one, and insisted she needs time to adjust to life on the WTA Tour. “I don’t really know her that well, but people don’t give enough credit to her. She has been playing good,” she told the PA news agency. “It is not easy, if you exclude the US Open, she is 19. It takes time. The level at WTA is very, very high, so it is going to take time for her and every young player just to get used to the level. “She had a three-week tournament in New York and I think now what she is doing is the right thing. It took me a lot of time because my breakthrough was later than other players. Everyone has different times to break through. For me it was two or three years until I got used to the Tour – it always takes time.” Last year Raducanu made history by becoming the first player to win a Grand Slam as a qualifier, and did so without dropping a set. She was also the first female British tennis star to win a major since Virginia Wade in 1977. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu casts Wimbledon uncertainty as Brit 'proud' despite recent struggles The teen defeated Sakkari en route to her epic victory at the US Open and the 26-year-old lauded Raducanu for her remarkable achievement. “She was very young and upcoming and she did something amazing because she came through qualies and won the entire thing,” the world No 5 five added. “I don’t really remember that match because it is more than eight months ago that we played. I remember she was fearless, she was going after every ball and that is what helped her win the tournament. She was confident and she was feeling it and she was enjoying herself on court.” Sakkari is the top seed in Nottingham and is delighted to play in the Midlands, partly due to a Greek connection with the city’s football team, the recently promoted Nottingham Forest, who will play in the Premier League next season after 30 years away. “Nottingham Forest is owned by a Greek person who owns my Greek team Olympiakos, so there is a Greek connection. Being here and having that connection is great,” she said. “Of course, I am supporting them next season. I am excited because Olympiakos, we have a long history in Greece but the Premier League is different. I am excited for them and I was happy when they saw they are in the Premier League. I was travelling so it was impossible to watch them (at Wembley) but I will be supporting them.” Sakkari will open her campaign against Maria Camila Osorio Serrano, while Raducanu will face Switzerland’s Viktorija Golubic. Compatriot Heather Watson, who eased past Katie Volynets in her first match of the tournament yesterday, may be unable to play in the next round. The 30-year-old could potentially play the Bromley local in the last 16 should she defeat Golubic, but is doubtful after suffering an injury, meaning Raducanu may receive a bye. She said: "I hurt my hamstring in the match. At first I didn't think much of it but it got dramatically worse. "The physio didn't even want me to continue and now I'm being advised not to play because it would risk the rest of my grass court season. I have to be smart and just play it by ear. I'm not one to pull out for small niggles." Harriet Dart is also through to the next round after beating Donna Vekic 6-4, 6-3. "All of us British girls are aware of the up and coming players, we have all practised together,” she said following her victory. "It didn't surprise me if I'm honest - we all knew what she was capable of." She will play her next match tomorrow, with her opponent set to be decided today.