Leeds have been one of the most active Premier League clubs in the transfer market with Victor Orta already in talks for a third deal. Leeds confirmed the signing of Rasmus Kristensen this week to take their summer spending to £35million already. Kristensen's arrival follows the £25m deal for Brendan Aaronson with both players coming from Red Bull Salzburg. Jesse Marsch is beginning to put his own stamp on the team and the American coach is being backed by Leeds' board in the market. More changes are expected to be made though and improving their forward line is a priority. Raphinha and Jack Harrison were the only two players to reach double digits in front of goal last season as Leeds only just avoided relegation to the Championship. Patrick Bamford missed a large portion of the season out with injury and his absence was badly felt up top. With a host of Premier League clubs also looking to make changes in the forward positions, Leeds may have to get creative in who they bring in. JUST IN: Kalvin Phillips forced off with new injury in Germany vs England  And Orta appears to have settled on Sporting Lisbon forward Gonzalo Plata as their main target for a new winger. According to Portuguese outlet O Jogo, Leeds are in talks to 'accelerate' a deal for Plata. The 21-year-old spent last season out on loan at Real Valladolid in La Liga 2, where he scored six goals and provided five assists. Sporting have made Plata available for just £8.5m, but Real Valladolid appear unlikely to pay that fee. That has opened the door for Leeds to swoop in and it now looks as though they're closing in on their third signing of the summer. While Plata lacks experience at the top level domestically, he is already established as a regular for Ecuador's senior side and played an important role in helping the nation qualify for the 2022 World Cup. DON'T MISS  While predominantly playing on the wing, Plata has also been utilised through the middle which could be of use to Marsch next season. Leeds aren't expected to finish there as reports have suggested that they're also chasing a central striker this summer. Valentin Castellanos and Junior Adamu have been linked with moves to Elland Road in recent weeks. Adamu is attracting interest from a number of Premier League clubs after his impressive displays for Salzburg last season. And Castellanos is regarded as one of the best strikers in the MLS after he won the Golden Boot last year.