The snaps show the Duchess of Cambridge making the cupcakes with her three children in a kitchen decorated with Union Jack bunting for a street party in Cardiff as people across the UK are set to come together with their neighbours today for the final day of celebrations marking the Queen's 70-year reign. The adorable images, which come after the Cambridges' visit to Wales yesterday, were shared on Prince William and Kate's Twitter and Instagram accounts. The post said: "Baking cakes for the local community in Cardiff to enjoy at a Platinum Jubilee street party taking place today! We hope you like them!" The photos show Kate and her three children gathered around the cupcakes as they ice them. In one image, the Duchess and her daughter share a giggle as they pipe icing. In another, Charlotte weighs out ingredients in a bowl as George watches on, while little Louis can be seen in the background. Charlotte cracks an egg at one point, as Louis sifts flour through a sieve. In another picture, the three children can be seen gathered around a bowl as they prepare the cupcakes, which had cream frosting with blue and red sprinkles. Kate cuts a casual figure in light blue jeans and a red and white gingham blouse. Charlotte wears a blue and white striped T-shirt, while George and Louis are matching in navy polo shirts. The pictures prompted a delighted reaction from royal fans on social media. Twitter user @loveforcambridg commented: "Omg this is just so adorable and thoughtful!! The Cambridges are the best." Another, @GrayDebs6688, wrote: "Beautiful. There is absolutely nothing more lovely than mums and children baking together." A third, @kjgoverns, said: "Could you possibly get any cuter… what a lovely family." One more, @CountessCommon1, added: "Just when I think the #PlatinumJubilee celebrations can’t get any better, out comes this video!! Thank you so much for sharing it with us." The Cambridge children have had a busy time during the extended bank holiday weekend for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. George, eight, and Charlotte, seven, joined their parents for a visit to Cardiff Castle yesterday as members of the Royal Family toured the nations of the UK as part of the Jubilee.  William, Kate, George and Charlotte met performers and crew involved in the special Platinum Jubilee Celebration Concert taking place at the castle in Wales. Later on Saturday, George and Charlotte enjoyed a night out with their parents at the Platinum Party at the Palace. The youngsters sat between William and Kate in the front row of the royal box as they stayed up late to make a surprise appearance. There was a patriotic display from the Cambridges, with Kate in white, Charlotte in red, and William and George in blue outfits.  The family were seen clapping along, singing and waving Union flags at various points in the evening. While four-year-old Louis missed last night's concert at Buckingham Palace, he joined his elder siblings to attend Trooping the Colour on Thursday. The tot stole the show by pulling funny faces as he stood next to the nation's longest-reigning monarch to watch a special flypast. 