Emma Raducanu will be fit for Wimbledon after a scan revealed the side strain she suffered yesterday is not serious. The US Open champion was forced to pull out of the Rothesay Open Nottingham after only seven games because of the injury. But although the British No.1 needs rest and will miss the event in Birmingham next week, she is now planning to play in Eastbourne the week before Wimbledon. The grasscourt Grand Slam, where the Bromley teenager reached the fourth round last year, starts on June 27. Raducanu said: "It was disappointing to go out this week with a side injury and unfortunately I will no longer be able to play in Birmingham. I’m looking forward to being back on the match court soon though to enjoy the rest of the grass season." DON'T MISS: British tennis star provisionally suspended from all tournaments after failing drugs test   Having had to retire from her first-round match against Viktorija Golubic on Tuesday, Raducanu claimed that she had 'no idea' whether the knock was bad enough to prevent her from returning to SW19. "I definitely tried to get through it," she added. "But, in the second game, I called the physio on and, the first changeover, she was trying to do some work. But, from there, even she was like, ‘This is going to be really difficult for you to continue’. "I clearly couldn’t serve and, because of where the location is, I kind of need it for everything, to turn, to move, to serve, to even breathe in and out. So, I just couldn’t really do anything." The teenager has three mid-match retirements on her resume since winning the US Open last year, with the other two coming in Rome and Guadalajara. As such, she and her team have found it hard to slip into a successful rhythm, but Raducanu will have another chance to rise to the big occasion when proceedings get underway later this month. And not just at Wimbledon, with the Eastbourne line-up boasting most of the women's top 10 including Jelena Ostapenko and Karolina Pliskova. Facing up to players of that calibre may be exactly what Raducanu needs to find out where she stands, and whether she can repeat last year's unlikely run.   While the persistent injury blows have left many fans concerned, Judy Murray claims that they are common for youngsters making their way in the senior ranks. "What’s becoming increasingly clear is that Raducanu’s body needs time to mature," she wrote in The Telegraph. "If you strip away the fact she was catapulted into this amazing success following her US Open triumph last September, she is no different to any other young player in the sense that her body needs time to fill out, become more robust and resilient. "It’s a process that simply doesn’t happen overnight, especially when the physical demands on her body are at an all-time high. I remember when Andy was making the step up from the juniors to the ATP tour, he had a number of recurring physical problems." 