Earlier this year, the Queen expressed her "sincere wish" for Camilla to be known as Queen Consort once Charles ascends the throne. Speaking on Vanity Fair's podcast Dynasty, royal author Tina Brown discussed how the royal future could look for Camilla and compared her to Charles' late grandmother, the Queen Mother. Dynasty's host Erin Vanderhoof said: "We don't know when Charles will take the throne, but we do know a fair amount about the transition might look. "The Queen has already expressed her wishes that Camilla be named Queen Consort". Speaking on the podcast, Ms Brown said: "I think that Queen Camilla is going to become as beloved as the Queen Mother. "She's very gracious, very charming, very reassuring and there's a warmth to her that I think is going to communicate well." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry forced Charles to shelve plans to 'marginalise' siblings According to the Daily Mail, upon receiving the new royal title, Camilla will also be given the Queen Mother's platinum and diamond tiara to wear ar Charles' coronation service. The tiara was created for King George VI's coronation in 1937. The statement tiara consists of 2,800 diamonds. The Queen Mother passed away in 2002, at the age of 101. READ MORE: 'It's quite big!' William's cheeky quip as stunning new image with Kate Middleton unveiled The Queen released a statement on February 6 this year, which was the 70th anniversary of her accession. The 96-year-old said in a written message to the nation: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me." She added: "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife, Camilla, the same support that you have given me. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [VIDEO] "And it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” When the Duchess married Prince Charles in 2005, it was made clear by Clarence House that she would carry the title of HRH The Princess Consort. However, it is understood that Charles has harboured a firm desire that his wife should carry the Queen Consort title, as well as be crowned and anointed. READ NEXT: