This week has seen some garages charging more than £2 per litre of unleaded in the UK with the average cost of petrol at a new historic record high of 178.5p. Leading motoring organisation the RAC has described the costs as "frightening". Diesel also rose to record levels, hitting 185.2p per litre, which takes the cost of filling the average family car’s tank to a staggering £101.86. It marks the largest weekly increase for both fuels for months, since before the Chancellor introduced a 5p fuel duty cut in April. RAC fuel spokesperson Simon Williams said: “The cost of filling a 55-litre family car with petrol has now topped £98 for the first time in history as a result of a litre hitting a new all-time high of 178.5p on Monday. “With analysts predicting that oil will average $135 a barrel for the rest of this year drivers need to brace themselves for average fuel prices rocketing to £2 a litre which would mean a fill-up would rise to an unbelievable £110. READ MORE: Drivers could be hit with a £27.50 fee to drive in London “The oil price is rising due to increased demand for fuel across the world as China eases its Covid restrictions and America and Europe go into the peak summer driving season. “All this combined with a weaker pound at $1.2 means wholesale fuel costs more for retailers to buy.” He added: “The wholesale price of diesel is fast approaching 160p a litre which, when you add 7p retailer margin and 20 percent VAT, would take the pump price over the £2 mark. “We strongly urge the Government to take drastic action to help soften the impact for drivers from these never-before-seen pump prices.” DON'T MISS UK new car sales fall to one of the worst levels in 30 years [REVEAL] Drivers could be hit with a £27.50 fee to drive in London [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to limit their speed to achieve best hypermiling results [WARNING] Luke Bosdet, AA fuel price spokesman, said “shock and awe” are the only ways to describe what has been happening at the pump during the half-term break. He added: “Little wonder that nearly half of drivers stayed at home for the Jubilee extended bank holiday. “The forces behind the surge have been oil jumping back above 120 US dollars a barrel for the first time since late March, combined with petrol commodity prices being boosted by summer motoring demand.” Both organisations have demanded more action and intervention from the Government to attempt to address the issue. Mr Williams said: “As it is, drivers surely won’t be able to cope unless something is done to help. “This is fast becoming a national crisis for the country’s 32m car drivers as well as countless businesses.” Many drivers have already made a switch to electric cars in the face of the cost of fuel. Battery-powered cars accounted for one in eight new models last month, compared with one in 10 in April. The number of electric models purchased last month surged to 15,448, a 20pc jump on a month earlier. It was a 17.7pc increase compared with the same month in 2021. Overall, the sales of new cars in the UK have hit one of the worst points in 30 years. The cost of living crisis, the raging inflation, and semiconductor shortages have all had a massive impact on the struggling industry. The number of new UK registrations fell by over 20 percent in May compared to last year. This in turn made May’s figures the second-lowest in 30 years.