The popular area of Playa de Palma in the Spanish Balearics is covered by new tourism drinking laws. This means that tourists at all-inclusives are limited to a certain amount of drinks and new party boats are unable to acquire licences. However, residents in the beautiful Majorcan town have said that issues with tourists continue despite the laws. David Severa, a resident, said: “When (tourists) get together and drink they are unstoppable. “They end up setting fire to beach parasols and breaking litter bins. And there are fights.” He told Majorca Daily Bulletin that he believed the only solution was to stop tourists coming to the area for holidays. READ MORE: Suitcase packing: The 'folding' method to 'carry more' in your bag Another resident said that police are unable to act because so many of the young tourists are drunk. She said: “They could trigger a response that could be dangerous.” Many of the tourists are young and travel from around Europe to visit the popular holiday destination. Another resident said she blamed the local authorities rather than the tourists for failing to control the visitors. Tourism in the Balearics has been a source of contention for a few years with tension between visitors and residents. Resorts including Magaluf have been known for attracting ‘alcohol tourists’ who can cause trouble. Stories of tourism excesses including public sex, fights and vandalism have made headlines around the world. Despite the local Government’s attempts to crackdown on drunken behaviour, many residents have said little has changed. The new laws were introduced in 2020 but have yet to take effect during peak season due to the pandemic. Holidaymakers at Thomas Cook resorts in affected areas will now be subject to a six drink maximum. Shops have to stop selling alcohol after a certain time and bars won’t be able to offer all-you-can-drink deals. However, some residents have said tourists tend to go back on the streets after bars and nightclubs close. Tourists could face heavy fines for breaking drinking laws in the Balearics and could be fined up to 30,000 euros (£26,000) for attending an illegal party. Illegal parties are organised without permission from authorities and often don’t meet safety standards for mass gatherings. Tourists will also be fined if they are caught ‘balconing’, an extremely dangerous action where tourists try to climb on hotel balconies. Several British tourists have lost their lives in balcony accidents while others have been seriously injured.