Gloria Hunniford, 82, had a fall at the weekend ahead of the Party at the Palace celebrations, leaving her with "broken bone" on her face as well as a "red full eye". Due to her injury, Denise Welch was called in at the last minute to replace her on Loose Women today, leaving host, Ruth Langsford, 62, to share her support with Gloria and ring her during today's show. The Loose Women host shared the news at the start of the show, alongside fellow panellists Sophie Morgan, Denise Welch and Coleen Nolan. As the panel discussed the highlights of the Jubilee weekend, Ruth said: "Someone who I was very sad not to see there at the pageant yesterday was our very own Gloria Hunniford, she was supposed to be on the National Treasures bus with her great friend Sir Cliff Richard. "She was so looking forward to it and she was supposed to be on the panel today, so thank you very much to Denise for stepping in." Ruth continued: "But sadly, Gloria had a fall. She was being interviewed on the BBC on Saturday, then had a fall Saturday night and couldn’t go to the pageant. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning "Absolutely devastating. She’s fine. She’s okay." Later on, in the show, Gloria telephoned in to explain what happened on Saturday night. She said: "I'm not on FaceTime or anything, I look as if I've done ten rounds with Mike Tyson and lost really badly. Cliff, you've seen a picture of it haven't you? "Very simply, I tripped on a rug and then dived on my face on a very hard floor. I have a very red, full eye, absolutely terrible. "So there was no way I was going to do a Skype call, I tell you. "I've also broken a bone on my face, it's actually just below my eye, the socket that keeps the eye in place, so I've got to maybe get another x-ray of some sort. But there we go, happy days!" Sir Cliff replied: "You're doing the right thing Glo, because when you have anything extreme happen you should just be calm and collected about it. "But you're doing the right thing, just sit back, relax and watch." DON'T MISS... Lara Lewington sparks concern with 'stitched up' face snap [CONCERN] Naga Munchetty sparks flag fury amid Jubilee 'mockery' claims [BBC] Demi Rose leaves little to imagination in eye-popping maroon bikini [PICS] Gloria has had a TV career spanning four decades and has been a regular panellist on Loose Women over the years. She even recently showcased her singing skills when she took part in The Masked Singer as the Snow Leopard. Meanwhile, veteran musician Sir Cliff sparked concern among many this weekend, due to his frail appearances at the Platinum Jubilee pageant. During the Sky interview Sunday morning, Cliff shared his wish to perform the night before: "I'd loved to have been invited to sing a note and just to be in that production. "The new generation needed to be there. And, hopefully, they'll be around to sing for Charles. And after that, William." Those performing included Craig David, Hans Zimmer, Mabel, Elbow, Sam Ryder, and Diversity. Cliff was pictured yesterday partying on the 1950s bus alongside Chris Eubank, Katherine Jenkins and Bonnie Langford. Gloria was supposed to accompany her friend Cliff, however, her fall got in the way. You can watch Loose Women every weekday on ITV at 12.30pm.