Arsenal have taken a step back in their pursuit of Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans after settling on a deal to land Fabio Vieira from Porto, according to reports. The Gunners have been linked with the addition of a new deep-lying playmaker for some time and have often been credited with an interest in Tielemans, who has established himself as one of the Premier League's finest young talents during his time at the King Power Stadium. Tielemans recently turned down the offer of a new contract at Leicester, sparking rumours that he could push for a move to Arsenal between now and the start of next season. It seems likely that he will be staying with the Foxes for at least another year, though, with Arsenal having cooled their interest in bringing him to the Emirates Stadium, according to Sky Sports reporter Rob Dorsett.It is claimed that Mikel Arteta was only ever looking to sign one new midfielder this summer, with the Spaniard unlikely to move for Tielemans after wrapping up a deal to land Silva from Porto. The latter is expected to travel to England to complete the formalities of his proposed switch over the next few days, with Arsenal set to pay a fee in the region of £34million in exchange for his services.Meanwhile, the Gunners' lack of interest in a move for Tielemans will reportedly boost Leicester's hopes of tying him down to a new and improved deal in the not-too-distant future. The player's relationship with the Foxes is said to remain very positive in spite of his decision to snub the offer of an extension and it seems as though a new contract is not yet out of the question. JUST IN: Man Utd 'focused on two other deals' in addition to De Jong transfer It seems likely that Tielemans will only be looking to renew until the summer of 2024, though, in order to keep his options open with regards to a future move elsewhere. His current deal is set to expire at the end of next season as things stand and it has been suggested that Leicester would look to sell over the coming weeks to avoid losing him on a free transfer in a year's time.However, it seems as though Tielemans will eventually look to move on at some point down the line in order to take the next logical step in his career, even if his next club fails to come calling this summer. Darren Bent recently urged Arsenal to move for Tielemans as well as Silva in spite of their plan to sign just one midfielder to provide some much-needed additional cover for Thomas Partey, who has struggled to maintain full fitness over the last few seasons. "I am hoping there is still an opportunity for Tielemans to come in as well," Bent told talkSPORT on Friday. "He’s a good player, a really good player. You can’t have one player for every position."Arsenal are in Europe again, so I am sure there is more [money]. But he [Partey] doesn’t stay fit, so we need as many good players as we can." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here