Only two people in the world have the ultimate power to decide what will happen next in the James Bond universe. Previously, Daniel Craig was also a main producer on the 007 franchise, but since he made his definitive and categorically final exit in No Time To Die (despite the title, there is no coming back from that missile), the full responsibility now lies with half-siblings Barbara Broccoli (daughter of Bond producer Cubby Broccoli) and Michael G Wilson (Cubby's step-son and also the son of the first Batman actor, Lewis Wilson). The pair were honoured at a glamorous affair this week to celebrate their British Film Institute fellowships. Naturally, everybody wanted to know what is next for James Bond now there is the cleanest slate to start fresh in the sixty-year history of the legendary film franchise. Broccoli had previously made it clear that no discussions would take place about the next James Bond actor or the future direction of the character and the storylines until Craig's tenure in the role was complete on the big screen. With Bond 25, No Time To Die, no longer playing in cinemas, now is the time to start and Broccoli finally gave a time frame for when fans can expect to start seeing what comes next. Over the past few years, even while Craig was still in the role, all eyes have been on Tom Hardy, Henry Cavill and Regé-Jean Page to see who will be the next actor to step into that iconic Aston Martin. Let's not forget perennial fan favourite Idris Elba, of course, but since he turns 50 in a couple of months he is probably sadly ageing out of the race. As before, Broccoli stressed that the choice of actor will follow the decision about what direction to take the entire franchise, most specifically whether the tone will be similarly gritty or lighter, or even something a little unexpected. DON'T MISSNext James Bond: Tom Hardy slips further behind to Netflix warriorJames Bond actor Roger Moore’s staggering fortuneThe Spy Who Loved Me Bond girl on Roger Moore’s ‘naughty’ little trick Broccoli said: "Nobody’s in the running. We’re working out where to go with him, we’re talking that through. "There isn’t a script and we can’t come up with one until we decide how we’re going to approach the next film because, really, it’s a reinvention of Bond. We’re reinventing who he is and that takes time." While there will definitely be no return to the classic Bond behaviour (and categorically no female Bond), Broccoli has previously confirmed it may be time for a new direction: "It’s a big decision. It’s not just casting a role. It’s about a whole rethink about where we’re going."   She has previously explained that the actor they choose will be dictated by the tone the films in the rebooted franchise will take: "Are they going to be more humorous or less humorous, more gritty or not gritty? And then, when we’ve done that, we have to figure out the actor to play it. So, no, it’s not just ‘Oh, who looks good in a suit?’ We have to figure this out on our own." However, she was a little more forthcoming about the time frame at this week's BFI event. As expected, Broccoli confirmed that nothing will be happening immediately: "I’d say that filming is at least two years away."