Chris Packham, Michaela Strachan, Iolo Williams and Megan McCubbin brought the 2022 series of Springwatch to a close on Thursday. However, naturalist Chris issued a warning to viewers when Michaela explained how bird watchers can go and spot the “very rare” bee-eater. Michaela began: “There’s been lots of local excitement about a bird that is very rare to see here and it is the European bee-eater. “Exquisite colours,” she continued. “Should be breeding in warmer climes, southern Europe and often you’ll hear it before you see it. “I say often they are extremely rare to see here but the very exciting news is, not only have they been seen but they’ve been seen to be nesting and this has been verified by the RSPB. “They’ve been seen excavating nest sites locally in a small quarry near Cromer so it’s highly likely they might start breeding that’s the first time in Norfolk so people are extremely excited about this.” Read more: ‘Stop it!’ Chris Packham hits out at Springwatch’s Michaela  Michaela noted there are records of “sporadic breeding” and the last successful fledge was “one chick in 2015 in Cumbria”. “So as I said this is really exciting news and I’m sure birders will be keen to go down and see those bee-eaters which you can do,” she added. Chris jokingly walked away before Michaela summoned him back. “You’re not going anywhere you’ve got to stay,” she quipped. “They’ve set up a platform and they’ve got volunteers keeping an eye on them making sure they’re okay. “But if you want to go do it through the RSPB,” Michaela explained. Interjecting, Chris warned: “And if you do go and you’re a photographer please behave yourselves we don’t want them to be scared away.” Meanwhile, there was one notable absence from the Springwatch presenting line-up. DON'T MISSMegan McCubbin 'has to put up with' Chris Packham's rowdy habit [INSIGHT]'Lay off the gin Michaela!' Chris Packham savages Springwatch co-star [VIDEO]Springwatch viewers horrified by mass bird deaths 'What can be done?' [INSIGHT] Gillian Burke was missing from Winterwatch 2021 with Megan stepping in to help the team. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Chris explained why Gillian was unable to join the team this time around. He said: “She’s absent for this series but we are very much hoping that she'll be back ready for Autumnwatch. “It is merely scheduling difficulties. We’ve all had scheduling difficulties this year because of Covid to be quite honest. “So, the last month I've had scheduling nightmares because I am working on several projects and trying to squeeze them in because they’ve all been backlogged due to Covid, they’ve all built up because they’ve been put off.” “Then we thought well we can finally start it now,” Chris continued. “But it hasn’t proved as easy to start some of our programming as we had hoped. He added: “So, things got backlogged and confused and there are a lot of scheduling difficulties. “Fingers crossed everything will be sorted and Gillian will be back with us for Autumnwatch. “We are very fortunate that Megan is on hand to stand in, but at the same time Gillian is still very much a part of the team.” Springwatch 2022 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.