Emma Heming Willis, 43, praised husband Bruce Willis, 67, in a rare tribute shared with her 352,000 Instagram followers. In a heartfelt statement, Emma reflected on fear as she gushed over the “respect” she had for the Die Hard actor. She shared a throwback video of Bruce taking to the stage to introduce and sing with The Temptations. Emma penned: “My motto is don’t let the fear stop you. Why? Because fear constantly stops me. “Which is another reason I fell for my husband, fear has never stopped him. “I mean what kind of next level confidence does it take to sing lead with The Temptations?” Emma quipped. She continued: “You can say what you want (and boy have they) but this guy has always been led by his passion and has never let naysayers stop him from, well, anything. “And I have so much respect, love and admiration for that man because of it. “Enjoy this little ditty that warms my heart @youtube” Fans soon rushed to the post’s comments section to echo Emma’s appreciation of the Hollywood actor. Mandalove89 said: “He will always be one of my favorite humans of all time. “An unmatched energy and spirit, praying for you all that peace and happiness continue to fill your lives even during the toughest times. #LivingLegend” Nancyeaves added: “Such a stud and so charming. “Takes a lot of confidence to play harmonica with @thewarrenhaynes @scamardostefani” DON'T MISS...Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT]Lewis' wife Lara covers scars with 'heavy make-up' after injury [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose stuns in series of very busty selfies as she returns to UK [UPDATE] Wizardofozlem typed: “Have always loved your hubby and his movies. “He reminds me a lot of my wonderful husband. “How blessed are we to be married to such amazing men.” Bruce was diagnosed with a degenerative brain condition called aphasia and will be retiring from acting, his daughter Rumer Willis confirmed last month. Aphasia is an impairment of language, affecting the production or comprehension of speech and the ability to read or write, according to the National Aphasia Association. Rumer took to Instagram to reveal that her father has been going through some "challenging times". She wrote: "To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. "As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him."