Former F1 star Christian Danner has hit back at Nico Rosberg after the 2016 world champion was banned from the paddock for not being vaccinated against coronavirus. The German warned Rosberg was not exempt to the rules and stressed there were “regulations that you have to follow”. Danner said: “Then he has to stay at home. That's the way it is. When you jet around the world, there are regulations that you have to follow and they also apply to Nico." His comments come after it was revealed Rosberg cannot enter the F1 paddock on race weekends due to the controversial rule. He has appeared as a pundit for Sky Sports F1 this season but has always broadcasted from a remote location. For the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix he was interviewed through video link instead of attending the event. Meanwhile, at the Monaco GP he was in attendance as part of Sky’s coverage from the harbour instead of inside the paddock. After Monaco, Rosberg explained how he was told by a doctor that getting a vaccine made “no sense”. READ MORE: F1 bosses 'ban Nico Rosberg' with stewards 'blocking him' over vaccine  He told Sport1: “I recovered well from the corona disease and therefore have strong antibodies. I also have my antibodies tested regularly. Under these circumstances, my doctor advised me that vaccination would make absolutely no sense.” However, Rosberg’s spokesperson denied the former world champion tried to enter the paddock at any time during the Monaco GP weekend. Speaking to PlanetF1, the spokesperson added: “Nico Rosberg recovered from a coronavirus infection and currently holds a recovery certificate. “He has his antibody levels tested regularly and, on the recommendation of his doctor, does not currently require any vaccinations. In addition, he continues to comply with all necessary hygiene and precautionary measures.” DON'T MISSHamilton dealt blunt assessment by Rosberg: 'Can't win anymore' [COMMENT]Nico Rosberg shares Lewis Hamilton's thoughts on beating Russell [ANALYSIS]Rosberg accuses Hamilton of 'losing way' amid Mercedes struggles [INSIGHT] F1 introduced the new rule requiring all passholders to be fully vaccinated ahead of the new season. F1’s former safety car driver Alan van der Merwe has also been barred from F1 paddocks and was replaced ahead of the new campaign. Posting on social media, Van der Merwe claimed he was not prepared to choose “convenience over health”. He said: “In Switzerland (I'm half Swiss) and other developed countries, prior infection counts as much as a vaccine. “I trust that those countries know what they're doing, and also respect countries' more restrictive rules and not travel there. I am fully aware that I will potentially be less employable or that my freedom of movement will be restricted based on my choices. That I will not choose convenience over my own health does not mean I am making decisions out of selfishness. We all just want to be healthy."