As living expenses continue to rocket, more and more Britons are looking for shortcuts to help reduce their outgoings. The last increase that took place on the energy price cap saw bills swell by an extra £700 per year. Analysts expect things to become even worse before the end of 2022, with a further price rise touted to follow. The new 54 percent rise in the energy price cap means a household using a typical amount of gas and electricity will now pay £1,971 per year. Around 18 million households are thought to be affected by the £693 a year rise, with 4.5 million customers on prepayment meters facing an even greater increase of £708 a year. Record levels of inflation and petrol prices are further compounding financial woes for many Britons. To help soften the blow, Express.co.uk spoke with energy saving experts from GTSE, for their best tips as to how you can make your home more energy efficient.  READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Radiator foils are a great way of maximising the job your radiators do at home. They keep more heat within your property, by reflecting the warmth back into a room, instead of letting it escape through the walls. Costing as little as £7, radiator coils are an easy change you make to your home. Some studies have shown that certain types can save up to £4.02 per radiator, depending on the type of property you have.  Windows account for a whopping 25 percent of heat loss in homes. So, they should be considered as a priority to well-insulate and in turn, keep homes warm through winter. Beyond opting for double glazing, you can buy window insulation kits for £3, which can help as an easy, simple way to keep more heat inside. Although there are plenty of basic ways to reduce water consumption, just through your daily routine, there are also some budget-friendly improvements you can make to your home.  DON'T MISS: How to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture [EXPLAINER]Log burner warning as owners told to DITCH home staple over new eviden [INSIGHT]Princess Anne ‘sees straight through’ Meghan Markle claims psychic [NEWS] For example, you can invest in water saving showerheads, where prices start from around £12 per head. These low-flow heads work by simply reducing the amount of water that needs to run through the shower, without dampening the water pressure. Low flow heads are also a great hack for those that are not on a water meter as they still reduce the amount of water you need to heat up, in turn reducing your energy bills. Using thick, insulating curtains, and drawing them as soon as the evening comes in can help keep the heat in.  Although not as budget-friendly, these types of curtains can be picked up for about £50. Drawing your curtains in an evening reduces heat loss by up to 17 percent, according to research by the University of Salford. Making your home airtight is one of the most important ways of keeping your home toasty warm, and can be necessary if you have not got double glazing. Insulation tape is a great way to reinforce airtight windows, and simply works by expanding slightly to fill any spaces. A spokesman for the firm added: “Given that the cost of living is a struggle for many right now, as well as each of us wanting to do our bit to conserve energy for the planet, these tips are a timely and affordable solution. “They do not alter the home itself and are just helpful additions that will not damage anything, so are very renter-friendly.” 