Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s visit to Ukraine is the second he’s made, following Russian President Vladimir Putin's decision to launch a full scale invasion of the country. The UK has been one of the largest suppliers of humanitarian and military aid to Kyiv since the war began, last February. Mr Johnson’s visit came somewhat as a surprise as he was due to appear at a conference held by a group of his Conservative Party MPs in Doncaster. His arrival was first announced via his official Twitter account, where he posted a photo of himself and Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky. The post added: "Mr President, Volodymyr, it is good to be in Kyiv again." Mr Zelensky’s official Telegram channel swiftly followed up with its own confirmation of the PM’s visit.  READ MORE: Boris confronted by huge number of Tory MPs as they make three demands A message attached to the post read: “Many days of this war have proved that Great Britain's support for Ukraine is firm and resolute. "Glad to see our country's great friend Boris Johnson in Kyiv again." Shortly after arriving Mr Johnson held talks with his Ukrainian counterpart, before conducting a joint news conference. During the discussions the two leaders spoke about supplies of heavy weapons to Kyiv, according to the head of Mr Zelensky’s presidential office, Andriy Yermak.  Mr Yermak added that talks centred on air defence systems, economic support for Ukraine and further sanctions on Russia. A statement from Downing Street confirmed that Mr Johnson had offered to launch a major training operation for Ukrainian forces. The operation claims to have the capacity to train up to 10,000 soldiers every four months, in a move which could "fundamentally change the equation of the war". Under the plans Ukrainian soldiers would be trained in other countries for a period of three weeks each.  DON'T MISS: Have Your Say: What do you want to see Boris do to make Brexit work? [POLL]Russian ammunition warehouse suffers 'multiple explosions' in Ukraine [NEWS]World biggest hedge fund makes £5.9bn bet against Europe [INSIGHT] They would learn "battle-winning skills" as well as medical training, cyber-security, and counter-explosive tactics. The statement added the ambition would be to rebuild and increase Kyiv's resistance against the Russian invasion. Alongside promises of munitions, Mr Johnson has pledged to work with officials in Ukraine to help end the Russian trade blockade of its grain exports. He said: "We are going to work together to liberate the grain, as you rightly say, that has been held hostage right now by Putin, depriving people around the world of the food that they need.  "And of course we will continue... to provide the military equipment - and now of course the training that may be necessary to go with that new equipment - so that you, the Ukrainian armed forces, will be able to do what I believe Ukrainians yearn to do. "And that is to expel the aggressor from Ukraine." The PM told reporters that he plans to “intensify” the sanctions that are currently imposed against Russia, and that the UK is here “to underline that we will give you the strategic endurance that you need". As part of his visit, Mr Johnson also handed Mr Zelensky a biography of the Queen - titled “Queen Of Our Times: The Life Of Elizabeth II” by Robert Hardman. 