Max Verstappen launched an angry attack on his Red Bull mechanics after he lost position to Lewis Hamilton. Verstappen pitted from the lead of the race and expected to come out in second place to chase down Carlos Sainz. However, Verstappen returned to the race just behind the Mercedes of Hamilton, who squeezed him on the exit of turn two. The Mercedes star got through into second place but could only hold off the Dutchman for one lap before Verstappen passed with DRS. But, this didn't stop the Red Bull driver launching a meltdown over team radio as he attacked the team’s call. Verstappen said: "Why didn't you make sure that I ended up in front of him?" His race engineer Gianpiero Lambiase appeared to swipe back at the reigning champion, adding: "You just didn't have the pace." Verstappen appeared to have the race under control, taking a dominant lead in the early stages of the Grand Prix. However, the team decided to opt for a two-stop strategy after pitting during an early VSC period for Sergio Perez's mechanical failure. READ MORE: Sergio Perez out of Canadian Grand Prix as weekend ends early The Dutchman also lost out after a crash for Yuki Tsunoda brought out a full safety car, allowing Carlos Sainz to get a free pitstop in a bid to put him under pressure in the closing stages. The pair battled ferociously at the end but Verstappen held on to win the race. Verstappen’s anger may be down to the importance of this Grand Prix in the world championship hunt. Charles Leclerc’s grid penalty for changing engine parts and Perez’s retirement early on in the race means the Dutchman could stamp his authority on the title. DON'T MISS'Oh s***' - Lewis Hamilton narrowly avoids falling off car in F1 gaffe [COMMENT]Sebastian Vettel booed by Canadian GP crowd during drivers' parade [INSIGHT]Ted Kravitz calls out Sebastian Vettel for promoting oil company [ANALYSIS]  A win for the reigning champion has extended the advantage between him and Leclerc to just under 60 points. A victory will also extend his lead over Perez to 46 points to stake his claim to be the team’s number one focus for the rest of the season. The meltdown is not Verstappen’s first this season after he was recorded shouting at his team after a strategy error at the Bahrain Grand Prix and a DRS failure at the Spanish Grand Prix. Speaking to Express Sport, former Channel 4 commentator Ben Edwards said he found Verstappen’s team radio meltdowns “disappointing”. He said: "Yes I do find it a little bit surprising, that he’s still like that on the radio. I do think he’s maturing hugely and watching his driving style, he’s a world champion, he’s maturing all the time... But I find it a little disappointing when he’s so kind of hard on the team, when yeah sure something’s not right but they’ve got to work together to get the best they can."  