Dr Michael Mosley has revealed that when a person eats plays a "vital" role in losing weight and keeping it off. His 5:2 diet and Fast 800 programme favour intermittent fasting, and the nutritionist insists it's the way forward. "Do you experience rapid weight loss? It's all in the timing," he said. "The foods you choose play a vital role in helping you to lose weight. "[And] for years, we’ve been told that eating little and often is the way to stay slim, but research now shows it is better to leave longer gaps between meals. "Eating little and often is supposed to suppress appetite, but people who do this end up eating more. "Snacking also means that, because you are constantly bombarding your body, you are forcing it to keep on producing insulin and stopping it from carrying out repairs." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake The insulin clears the extra sugar in the blood by storing it as fat around a person's midsection, and this visceral fat is particularly bad for various health reasons. He explained that cutting out snacking from the get-go is a must. "At first, you may find it difficult to kick a snacking habit," he sympathised. "However, you should find that, as your body adjusts to fat-burning mode, burning calories from your stored fat, thanks to your Fast 800 programme, you’ll no longer feel as hungry as you did." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He suggested having a glass of tap or fizzy water, as many people often mistake thirst for hunger. "You’ll soon find it easier to maintain long gaps between meals," he wrote for the MailOnline. He advised a simper routine to begin fasting for those who are new to the method or are struggling to stick to it to reach their weight loss goals. "Start by trying to confine your eating to a 12-hour window (try 8am to 8pm), before attempting a 10 hour window — such as 10am to 8pm," he recommended. "Some people find it easier to skip breakfast and have just two meals a day." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim He added: "Drink enough water outside those windows, as staying hydrated keeps feelings of tiredness and light-headedness at bay. "Eating all your food in ‘windows’ enhances the effect of The Fast 800." Throughout the day, Dr Mosley suggested some foods to consume that will keep people fuller for longer, therefore curb the need to snack. Eat eggs for breakfast - "Boiled, poached, scrambled or as an omelette — they’ll fill you up for longer than toast or cereals," he said. "They’re delicious with smoked salmon and a little chilli or a grilled tomato." Full-fat yoghurt with berries, such as blackberries, blueberries or strawberries, or a sprinkling of flaked almonds. Eat more healthy fats and oils: along with oily fish (salmon, tuna, mackerel), consume more olive oil - "A splash improves the absorption of vitamins," Dr Mosley added. "Use olive, rapeseed or coconut oil for cooking." Legumes, such as lentils and kidney beans, are healthy and filling - "Eat them instead of starchy carbs — sprinkle them in salads or stews to add extra protein," he suggested. Use butter instead of margarine; cheese in moderation is also fine. Nuts are a good source of protein, minerals and vitamins, contain healthy fats and are high in fibre. The expert said: "Nibble, chuck them in salad or stews, but eat few on 800-calorie days, as they’re high in calories."