Raheem Sterling is reportedly only willing to join a club who can offer Champions League football and regular first-team action if he departs Manchester City this summer. The England star is currently being chased by a host of European heavyweights, including City's Premier League rivals, Chelsea, but will consider clubs who are capable of challenging regularly for major trophies. After starring for Gareth Southgate's side in their run to the Euro 2020 final last summer, Sterling began the campaign with his stock at an all-time high. However, the winger is still not immune from Pep Guardiola's rotation policy and is mulling over his future, according to a new report from The Times. The 27-year-old is approaching the prime years of his career and is desperate to be starting games every week in order to fulfill his lofty ambitions. With City seemingly unable to offer that, there's every chance that Sterling could depart the Etihad this summer - even though he has a good relationship with Guardiola. However, Sterling will only leave the Champions for a club who can offer Champions League football and a realistic chance at winning major trophies. READ MORE: Tottenham may gazump Arsenal's Raphinha bid as transfer war heats up The ex-Liverpool man has just 12 months remaining on his current £300,000-a-week deal and is currently being courted by the likes of Chelsea, Barcelona and Real Madrid; all clubs who would be able to match Sterling's ambitions. With Todd Boehly now running the show at Chelsea following his £4.25billion takeover, Sterling would be the perfect marquee summer signing to show that the former European champions are back in business after months of turmoil. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel is desperate to add more firepower to his squad this summer after his forward players disappointed domestically last term. The Londoners are expected to ramp up their attempts to bolster their attacking options in the coming weeks once club-record flop Romelu Lukaku seals his return to Inter Milan on a year-long loan deal - just 12 months after Chelsea shelled out a whopping £97.5m to bring the Belgian striker back to Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISSLeeds 'identify Arsenal target' as Raphinha replacement as exit loomsAntony 'has heart set on Man Utd transfer' to ease Spurs hijack fearsSadio Mane names two Liverpool stars who will fill void after exit Striking a deal with Manchester City for Sterling is not expected to be an issue as the champions boast an abundance of attacking talent. Sterling plundered 17 goals and nine assists last term but City are well stocked after snapping up Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez earlier in the summer window and would not block an exit. The same report outlines that City are also looking to give another of their promising youngsters, Cole Palmer, more first-team opportunities next season if a deal can be struck to end Sterling's seven-year stay at the Etihad. Sterling has won nine domestic trophies since he joined Manchester City in a controversial £49m move from Liverpool back in the summer of 2015, and it's been reported that City would be looking for a similar sum if they are to part ways with one of their longest-serving players.