Have a 10 minute, 30 minute or one hour window of free time? Experts at kitchen supply shop ProCook spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how to make a kitchen sparkle quick. ProCook asked: "Is your kitchen a mess, but you’ve got no time to spare?" The kitchen is the heart of the home, according to the expert, but is often the room that gets incredibly messy very quickly. But rather than dedicate hours to the mammoth task, the secret is to work smart, not hard. Here's how to conquer the cleaning task in just 10 minutes, 30 minutes or an hour. READ MORE: How to avoid 'overwhelming' your open plan living room ProCook said: "A quick win is to start with what is in sight and clearing your countertops can make a world of difference when organising your kitchen." But that's not to say everything should be shoved in the cupboard away from view. "Having items such as herbs and spices accessible can be useful, so atiered spice rack can look great out on display. "Likewise, dry larder ingredients such as pasta and rice can be stored in view with stylish glass canisters." Less attractive goodies can be hidden away in cupboards. Digging around for the right utensils while in the middle of cooking can cause unnecessary stress and take your attention off the most important thing - the food. ProCook provided a handy tip: "If you can organise your drawers by how frequently you use certain items then you’ll have what you need close to hand. "With half an hour to spare, try sorting your cutlery into storage trays, clearing out any unused items clogging up space as you go." One idea is to keep knives in a knife block to stop them from getting damaged in a drawer - and away from any small children. With a full hour to spare, kitchen aficionados can really go to town when it comes to organising and cleaning. According to ProCook, this is the time to take everything out and put everything back in a "streamlined" fashion. And what you prioritise may depend on your kitchen interests. ProCook said: "Keen bakers may want to spend time organising their baking accessories such as storing measuring cups and scales neatly into a box, so everything is conveniently in one place." Trying to shove and squeeze all of your kitchen bits and bobs into a cupboard can be a real struggle. So, look for "smarter ways" to stack pots and pans, for example sets of roasting tins that nest within one another. ProCook's final top tip: "When packing it all away again, remember to place everything back in order of need, with the most frequently used at the front – you’ll be thanking yourself later." These tips should make tidying less daunting and leave people with a more cohesive, accessible kitchen. ProCook promised a "stress-free cooking space" for those who compartmentalise their tidying tasks. Carving out just a small amount of time to organise will reap rewards way into the future, meaning less time in the kitchen in the long run. ProCook are the number one suppliers of Cookware and Kitchenware in the UK.