The Labour leader has been hit by a probe from the independent Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Stone. An update on the Parliament Standards website reveals a formal review on two fronts was launched on June 8. The first matter under investigation is stated as: "Registration of interests under Category 1 of the Guide to the Rules (Employment and earnings)." And the second: "Registration of interests under Category 3 of the Guide to the Rules (Gifts, benefits and hospitality from UK sources)." Seeking to downplay the seriousness of the matter, Sir Keir this morning told reporters he had done nothing wrong. During a visit to Wakefield in West Yorkshire, he said he was "absolutely confident there's no problem here".  The Labour leader told broadcasters the allegations were not a surprise, adding: "My office is dealing with it and will be replying in due course." Express.co.uk understands the investigation was triggered by the former leader being late in making a number of declarations. The rules on employment and earnings say that MPs must register payments of more than £100 which they receive for work outside the Commons. Under the section on gifts and hospitality, they must register benefits worth more than £300, or multiple benefits from the same source if they exceed that value in a calendar year. The probe comes despite Sir Keir regularly vowing he would "clean up our politics" if in No10 and repeatedly accusing Boris Johnson for "sleaze" in Government. Last year when the Prime Minister was himself under investigation by Ms Stone over donations for the refurbishment of his Downing Street flat, Sir Keir attacked him for being "up to his neck" in shady behaviour. DON'T MISS:SIR Tony Blair’s eye-watering fortune laid bare ahead of Queen honour [INSIGHT]Brexit time-bomb for Starmer: 'Last thing he wants to talk about' [reaction]McDonnell slams Labour as he warns 'learn lesson' from Corbyn [WATCH] He said last November: "When there was sleaze in the mid-1990s John Major rolled up his sleeves and he put in place the Nolan Committee on Standards in Public Life – so he was the Prime Minister who said ‘I will clear this up’. "Boris Johnson is the Prime Minister who is leading his troops through the sewer – he’s up to his neck in this."  Ms Stone's inquiry comes while the Holborn and St Pancras MP remains under investigation by Durham Police for a separate incident over claims he broke lockdown rules in April 2021. He has admitted eating and drinking indoors with others when socialising with other households was banned.  However, he says no rules were broken as he was on the local election campaign trail for work. The Labour leader previously criticised Mr Johnson for not resigning as Prime Minister after being fined for breaching lockdown rules. Sir Keir says he will stand down if he is handed a fixed penalty notice for breaking the law. "If the police decide to issue me with a fixed penalty notice, I would of course do the right thing and step down," he said. "The British public deserve politicians who think the rules apply to them." 