Ms Borne submitted her resignation after the Mr Macron's ruling party lost its overall majority in the French parliament. But the French President refused the Prime Minister's resignation "so that the Government can remain on the job and act in these days". The presidency said Mr Macron will conduct will conduct "the necessary political consultations in order to identify possible constructive solutions in the service of the French".  A series of meetings with party leaders will be taking place today and on Wednesday at the Elysee as they desperately attempt to find a solution to the disastrous parliamentary situation. Mr Macron's centrist Ensemble coalition, which has has long-pledged to raise the retirement age and further deepen European Union integration, had been expected to win most seats in Sunday's legislative elections. But in a huge setback, the President's party lost control of the National Assembly in a move that could see France gripped by political paralysis. Ensemble secured the biggest number of lawmakers in the 577-seat National Assembly.  But Mr Macron's camp fell well short of the threshold required for an absolute majority after winning just 245 seats - 44 short of the 289 needed. Marine Le Pen's far-right National Rally party won its biggest ever representation in the lower house. In a further blow to Mr Macron, the left-wing bloc Nupes, led by the hard-left veteran Jean-Luc Melenchon, will form the largest opposition force. France now finds itself in a state of political turmoil following the result from the legislative elections on Sunday.  Mr Macron has a few option at hand, including forming a ruling coalition or leading a minority Government that has to enter into talks with opponents on a bill-by-bill basis. But failing that, he then faces the daunting prospect of calling a snap election to break the political deadlock. On Monday, Prime Minister Borne had said Mr Macron's camp would look to form alliances, but also warned: "The result is a risk for our country in view of the challenges we have to face." THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 