“The unions have got to make a militant stand – and use the strike weapon wherever it’s appropriate “Mick Lynch told us back in 2021 when he got the top job. He also talked about “ warming up his members” for strike action. “ We fully expect to be involved in industrial disputes this year,” he said. So, right from the off this was a bloke who never had any intention of negotiating pay and conditions. He was never prepared to discuss or compromise with the rail bosses. He just wanted to strike. He wanted what he has today. And how smug he must be feeling as he looks in the mirror and sees a man who really didn’t amount to much before he became the RMT boss and who left a job as its acting general secretary in 2020 after claiming he’d been harassed and bullied by the NEC. How triumphant and powerful must he feel now – vindicated even, that the man who was once bullied now has all the power. And how has he used that power? He’s used it to punish millions of decent hard-working people by bringing Britain to a standstill and to try to destroy a country that is struggling to recover from a world crisis. But Lynch’s ugly brand of militancy belongs to another age when union bosses were seen as the “saviours” of the working classes who beat down heartless bosses and Governments only interested in oppressing its people. Trouble is those two groups don’t actually exist anymore. The workplace  has changed beyond all recognition since the 70s and what Lynch rants about actually isn’t happening in the 21st century. But then he doesn’t want to part of the 21st century. He wants to stay stuck in his time warp where union bosses were kings to be feared and revered in equal measure. Never mind that this strike and his determination to take us back five decades will cost a fragile hospitality industry £540m in seven days – an industry that was only just recovering after the pandemic. The rail industry will also take a £150m hit at a time when passenger numbers are plummeting. Lynch’s strike has stopped millions getting to work, it’s stopped patients having operations and getting to vital health appointments. It’s caused unnecessary stress to students sitting exams. It’s stopped the poorly paid – the very people Lynch professes to champion – from getting to work. So, the bullied boy has become the Bully Boy stuck in his 70s twilight zone trotting out tired old tropes about “class wars”, and “workers’ rights” and screaming “down with the rich”. The poor sap can’t see that there isn’t a class war – it’s all in his head. He drones on about solidarity but the kind of solidarity he peddles is hurting this country’s poorest. It’s not a modern day solidarity – it’s an old fashioned, “sell by date” kind of solidarity from a bygone age – a bit like Mick Lynch. He still thinks it’s “the workers v the bosses” when the workplace and the negotiations within it are now far more sophisticated and sensible than that. Maybe Lynch spent his younger years hero worshipping and watching videos of Arthur Scargill and vowed one day to wield that kind of power  Maybe he’s styled himself on RMT legend Bob Crow. But having met Crow on numerous occasions Lynch doesn’t possess a scintilla of his charisma or his humour. He’s just a walking, talking cliché. More importantly Crow was never stupid enough to inflict a national strike that would hurt the country’s poorest. Doesn’t Lynch get that the rich (never mind that he’s one of them on his £124,886 package) he hates so much and wants to punish won’t be affected by this strike. They’ll take taxis to work. Or they’ll work from home. Or they’ll have their meetings via Zoom. But the cleaners, the hospital workers, the hospitality staff, the nurses, the binmen are all going to lose money they can’t afford to thanks to him peddling the old lie that all bosses pay slave wages and spit on their workers. Tell that to the 14,000 Rolls Royce workers who this week were each given a £2,000 lump sum payment by their bosses to help cope with the cost of living crisis. And Lynch has to stop talking about these strikers like they’re on the breadline. They aren’t. An average train driver gets £59,000 a year, an average rail worker is on £44,00. Since 2011 real term pay rises have been 17.2 percent while in the last ten years train drivers have seen their wages rise by a gargantuan 39 percent when the UK average is just percent. So the hellish work environment Lynch describes is also all in his head. In fact what this industrial action has shown is that his members  are some of the best paid in Britain. Because the median salary of rail workers is £46,000 which is almost double the national average of £26,000. Also some of the practices they’re fighting to protect are almost beyond belief – like the one that allows them to restart their breaks if a manager interrupts it to speak to them. Oh and they don’t have to work Sundays and they can retire at 62. The list goes on…. So when Lynch stands up and says “I have to defend my people,” I want to laugh out loud. But how selfish are he and his “people” that as the world is hurling towards a recession, as global inflation rockets, as economies everywhere are in a mess, as Britain is trying to claw its way back after a two year pandemic these idiots choose now to strike for a totally un realistic 11 percent pay rise when many are already on nearly double the average wage. And as Lynch calls for “synchronicity” from other unions – what he’s actually saying is he wants them out on strike with him so he won’t have to take sole responsibility for damaging the country. So yes, if a change in the law will stop these people crippling the country again – I say let’s change it. Let’s not allow bunch of pampered, greedy train drivers and rail workers to cause this country any more pain that its currently suffering. Let’s not allow a tinpot revolutionary like Mick Lynch to dictate how our railways are run. Boris must stand firm against dinosaurs like Lynch. I’ve been a member of a union all my life – but a union leader who punishes the working classes and the poorest paid doesn’t deserve to be in charge of a supermarket trolley let alone people’s livelihoods.