Eysteinn Sigurðarson was introduced in the fourth season of The Last Kingdom as a fearsome new adversary, the Viking warlord Sigtryggr. The powerful warrior eventually became an unlikely ally for Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon), and the star of the hit Netflix drama has recently recalled one of his hairiest moments from filming. Sigtryggr star Eysteinn admitted to accidentally injuring one of The Last Kingdom’s stunt performers during production on season four. After three seasons of the successful historical drama, two of which aired on BBC Two, Eysteinn joined the cast as the Viking warrior and was immediately embraced by the show’s fans. Now the series has nearly come to an end, the Icelandic actor has been paying tribute to the cast and crew who made his time as Sigtryggr so memorable. He paid special attention to the stunt crew who managed to make The Last Kingdom’s brutal fight sequences feel as visceral and authentic as possible. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' “All those stunt guys, they’ve been doing this for decades, some of them,” Eysteinn explained. “They’re so capable, they’re so kind as well. These guys are the sweetest guys on set.” However, the performers’ expertise didn’t stop some of the cast from making some painful mistakes in their hand-to-hand fight scenes. Eysteinn told the Screen Chronicles podcast: “They treat you with such kindness and respect. “And when you f**k up, it’s usually one of them that’s taking the hit.” The Last Kingdom star revealed his opponent was able to shrug the incident off when he committed his own blunder during a sparring match. “I busted a lip on one of those guys on season four,” Eysteinn confirmed. “And it’s like, they’ll never tell you if you really hurt them. They’re just like, ‘No, it’s fine. It’s fine.’” DON'T MISS:Obi-Wan Kenobi fans ‘distraught’ by character death [REACTION]Ms Marvel’s Kamran star pays tribute to Iman Vellani [COMMENT]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to Kevin Costner [INTERVIEW] Thankfully, the series’ stunt team clearly consists of some of the best in the business, as The Last Kingdom’s fights have remained convincingly brutal throughout. Relative newcomer Eysteinn was also able to learn considerably from his physically demanding role as Sigtryggr, which will undoubtedly stand him in good stead for his next projects. “It was a humbling experience coming on this show,” he recalled. “I had done some stagecraft training during my acting school days. “But they whupped my a** into shape, and they just taught me to do it." “And like any challenge that you meet in life, if you go into it telling yourself, ‘I can’t do this’, you’re not going to do it. “You just have to go in there and be like, ‘F**k yeah, I’m going to be the best fighter here’.” Sigtryggr’s death in season five sadly means Eysteinn most likely won’t be back for Uhtred’s final quest in the upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die, which will wrap up the series for good. Even so, hopefully his fan-favourite stint in The Last Kingdom’s final two seasons will catapult his career to success and it won’t be long before viewers can check out his next project. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.