Jude Bellingham appeared to throw up on the pitch during the closing stages of England's draw with Germany in the Nations League on Tuesday evening. The Three Lions managed to rescue a point thanks to Harry Kane's late spot-kick at the Allianz Arena to avoid falling to a second defeat in four days, with Germany taking the lead shortly after half-time courtesy of Jonas Hofmann's opener. Bellingham was introduced to replace the injured Kalvin Phillips in midfield for England and was arguably one of his side's best performers, with the 18-year-old successfully keeping things ticking in the engine room for the duration of the match. He appeared to pay the price for his tireless work in the middle of the park as the final whistle approached, though, as he seemingly vomited on the pitch during the closing stages of the contest. The Borussia Dortmund midfielder was initially named as a substitute but was forced to enter the fold within the opening 15 minutes when Phillips failed to shake an early knock before limping off the pitch and straight down the tunnel. Bellingham went on to deliver a hugely impressive performance in his role as a deep-lying playmaker but was unable to inspire England to victory in spite of his best efforts over the course of the match. Germany took the lead after five minutes of the second half through Hofmann, who collected a short pass before firing past Jordan Pickford from inside the box. England went on to equalise from the penalty spot after Kane was adjudged to have been fouled by Nico Schlotterbeck, with the Tottenham forward sending Manuel Neuer the wrong way to ensure the spoils were shared in Munich. JUST IN: Tottenham 'open talks' with Rashford as agent reveals Man Utd price The result saw England stay rooted to the bottom of League A Group 3 after their previous defeat at the hands of Hungary on Saturday evening. Gareth Southgate's side will be desperately hoping to bounce back with a much-needed win over European champions Italy in their next fixture in the Nations League at Molineux in four days' time. Tuesday's draw with Germany also marked a significant milestone for Kane, who scored his 50th international goal with his last-gasp penalty that rifled into the bottom corner of the net. He revealed after the full-time whistle that he was happy with England's collective performance against top-class opposition ahead of this year's World Cup in Qatar, which is set to get underway in November. I love scoring goals, I have always loved it especially for my country, whenever I can help the team I am glad to do that," Kane told Channel 4. "It is really important to show the mentality. We showed good character to get back into the game and get a result. "We are playing against a very good Germany side. We still have important matches but the World Cup will be here before we know it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here