PIP is a state benefit which is designed to help people over the age of 16 and under the state pension age - currently 66 - with financial support to help with the daily costs of living with long-term illness. These can be both a physical or mental health condition or a disability. Some conditions can come with additional costs which PIP can help to cover, with the aim of helping remove additional stress and strain for recipients With PIP, the important thing to note is that people receive the sum based on the severity of their condition, rather than the condition itself. There are two rates of payments which the DWP pay out to claimants, the standard rate for daily living sits at £61.85 and the enhanced rate is £92.40. The mobility component, which is extra if people need help getting around with the standard rate being £24.45 per week and the enhanced rate is £64.50 per week. If a person is eligible for both enhanced payments then they could claim up to £627.60 each month. Sight loss and vision impairment can affect people in many different ways and individuals may need additional help which PIP can give them. READ MORE: 'A threat!' Pensioner left ‘to scrabble' for cash after energy firm introduced rule change According to figures from the NHS, there are around two million people in the UK who are living with sight loss. Of this, around 360,000 people are registered as blind or partially sighted. The latest Personal Independence Payment (PIP) figures released by the DWP, estimated that around 54,431 people were claiming support for visual defects or diseases as of April 2022. This is a possible shortfall of 305,000 people who are not claiming the support when they could be eligible. The DWP has confirmed that there are 46 visual conditions which are supported through PIP.    These include: READ MORE: Retirement and me: Mum torn between 'selling house or withdrawing pension early' to get by According to the DWP the most common eye conditions that PIP claimants are living with include Retinitis Pigmentosa, Macular Degeneration, Retina and optic nerve damage, and Diabetic Retinopathy. If a person currently uses a white cane, long or short, to help them move safely outside, they may also be eligible for the enhanced rate of mobility. To claim PIP for the first time, Britons will need to call the DWP,with the relevant phone number. This is accessible through the Government’s website.