Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned today that it is "crucial for the world" to stop Russia's invasion. Speaking remotely at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore, he added: “I am grateful for your support. "But this support is not only for Ukraine, but for you as well. "It is on the battlefields of Ukraine that the future rules of this world are being decided along with the boundaries of the possible.” Fighting in the east of Ukraine is intensifying, but Russia's failure to seize major cities such as Kyiv and Kharkiv in the early days of the war surprised many experts. In fact, one expert tells Express.co.uk that the Ukraine conflict has shown Russia's military to not be "strong or powerful". Olga Lautman said: "All of the contracts that are handed to the defence ministry, a lot of that money is stolen meaning that money doesn't get invested in the military. "Propaganda is their most successful tool, they basically led the West to believe that that had this extremely strong, powerful army. "Meanwhile, the army is not powerful or strong, the corruption is also a problem. They also sent so many conscripts who were untrained. "On top of that, morale was low to begin with...the logistics, the morale of the military, the corruption all compiled together has shown in the results. "Also, Russia has never attempted to perform such a large operation. They are excellent at smaller operations, but you'd have to go back to Soviet times to see the military attempt to take an entire country." The Russian army has suffered a surprisingly high amount of losses during the war. Mr Zelensky claimed earlier this week that 31,000 Russian troops have been killed. The Ukrainian president also warned Vladimir Putin that “the day will come” when the number of losses will “go beyond the possible limit” even for Moscow. He added: “More than 31,000 Russian soldiers have died in Ukraine. READ MORE: Schoolgirl stuns teachers after calling Putin a 'DEVIL' at ceremony “Russia has been paying for this senseless war with almost 300 lives of their soldiers daily.” However, an aide to Mr Zelensky has said that Ukraine is also losing men – as many as 200 a day. He also said Kyiv is not ready to resume peace talks with the Kremlin. Mykhaylo Podolyak said: "The Russian forces have thrown pretty much everything non-nuclear at the front and that includes heavy artillery, multiple rocket launch systems and aviation." He also urged the West once more to provide lethal aid to Ukraine He added: "Our demands for artillery are not just some kind of whim... but an objective need when it comes to the situation on the battlefield." DON'T MISSRussia's Ukraine invasion backfires: 'It's going to hurt' [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Exact timeline of Putin's demise pinpointed [ANALYSIS]Russia blasted by German minister over blockade of Ukraine [INSIGHT] The UK has also become embroiled in the hostility – Russia announced this week that two British fighters have been sentenced to death after being captured in Ukraine. State-owned Russian news agency RIA Novosti said Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 would face the death penalty. The two Britons were captured in Mariupol in April during the intense fight for control of the port city. According to reports from Russian media, they have admitted "training in order to carry out terrorist activities". The men were found guilty of "mercenary activities and committing actions aimed at seizing power and overthrowing the constitutional order of the DPR (Donetsk People's Republic). In court, Mr Aslin said: "I was hoping the sentence would be a lot fairer judging the circumstances in which I helped the investigation and also because I surrendered to the Donetsk People's Republic. "I wish it could be different but God will be the one that will judge me when the time comes." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she "utterly condemned" the sentencing, describing it as a "sham judgment with absolutely no legitimacy".