CBS’ hit procedural drama followed the lives and the careers of the Reagan family as they all worked in different areas of law enforcement. However, viewers exposed a huge blunder from season six, which occurred while Danny Reagan (played by Donnie Walhberg) was on a stakeout mission.  The episode titled ‘Worst Case Scenario,’ was another thrilling instalment as the family feared for their lives after the threat of a terrorist attack. Following an attack in the middle east, family patriarch and NYC’s police commissioner Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) learned the city could be next. Elsewhere, Danny was at a hotdog stand with his colleague Maria (Marisa Ramirez) when they spotted a man yelling “boom,” and talking to himself in his native language. To try and prevent an attack, he found a Hazaragi translator who revealed, the guy knew about a plot to bomb the city but didn’t want any trouble.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry Netflix doc slammed for Jubilee presence by Ferrari The translation disclosed he had rented to three men and heard about men angry at America and stated they struggled to get jobs or dates with American girls. He says he noticed them bringing in wire, nails and construction stuff. Although he admitted to not knowing if they were connected to the attacks in the middle east, he confessed to seeing three bombs out with the trash. The man stated his childhood as the reason he knew so much about bombs due to seeing a bomb maker work in his village.  After receiving intel London and Bangladesh had been bombed, Danny and his team were located in a hideout where there were able to watch Naseem’s apartment and his tenants. As the team were on the lookout for potential bombers, viewers spotted a major continuity error with the series and a fan exposed it on moviemistakes.com. They wrote: “During the stakeout of the apartment building, in the exterior shots of the Clyde Motorcycles shop, Danny is peeking out through a ripped paper opening within the letter ‘D’ in Clyde. “However, in the interior shots the black tape letters of the word Clyde differs.” DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald fumes over filming interruption 'Punch their lights out' [INSIGHT]‘Don’t know where the time went’ Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck reflects [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods star Tom Selleck hits back at Magnum PI fashion critics [INSIGHT] The eagle-eyed viewer continued: “The paper is ripped between the two letters 'D' and 'E and that space within the ‘D’ is blocked with moulding.” “Making what is in the exterior shots quite impossible,” they concluded. Thankfully, the stakeout paid off and Danny was able to save the city after taking out the terrorist before their bombs went off. Alongside his team, they spotted two men praying next to their bombs so they went for their detonators and shot the men.  As Blue Bloods recently premiered its season 12 finale, the possibility of fans discovering more blunders is unsurprising. However, fans can look forward to seeing the Reagan family return to screens as the show was renewed for another instalment. Since it first premiered in 2010, Blue Bloods has continued to dominate the network’s ratings as it scored a season’s best with 6.11 million total viewers in the live+ same day tallies. Blue Bloods is available on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 