Marin Cilic has revealed he has been self-isolating after testing positive for Covid and will miss Wimbledon 2022. His statement to confirm the news came just four days after being filmed training in close contact with top-seeded Novak Djokovic on Centre Court at the All England Lawn Tennis Club. On Monday, Cilic took to Instagram to explain that his grass-court season was over after testing positive for the virus. The towering Croatian was hoping he would make it in time for his first-round clash against MacKenzie McDonald on Tuesday but has been replaced by Nuno Borges in the draw. He wrote: "Hey guys. I am sad to have to share with you that I have tested positive for COVID. I have been self-isolating and was hoping to be prepared, but unfortunately, I am still not feeling well. I am heartbroken to miss Wimbledon and end my grass season like this. Looking forward to competing next year!" Worryingly, Cilic practised with Djokovic late last week as both players made their final preparations before the third Grand Slam of the season. Video footage showed the pair with a handful of other players mastering their serves on Centre Court after Wimbledon allowed competitors to train on the hallowed turf before the tournament for the first time. JUST IN: Top 20 memorable Wimbledon moments - including Andy Murray's 2013 win An earlier statement from the All England Club confirmed Cilic's withdrawal due to an 'illness', but now known to be Covid, Djokovic, unvaccinated, would be at risk of becoming infected. The strict protocols Wimbledon enforced after returning last year have been significantly eased, and Djokovic was in action on the opening day. Up to 15,000 spectators were in attendance as the Serbian fended off a battling performance from Kwon Soon-woo on Centre Court - winning 6-3 3-6 6-3 6-4. He would've likely been tested for Covid before beginning his latest Wimbledon campaign and looked in fine fiddle as he began his search for a seventh title in SW19. READ MORE: Andy Murray sides with Nick Kyrgios in underarm serve row Cilic's absence comes as a big shame following his form in recent months. He was seeded 14th after reaching the French Open semi-finals and the same stage in his ATP 500 warm-up grass tournament at Queen's earlier this month. Nadal could've faced Cilic in the quarter-finals, so avoiding that obstacle is a significant boost in the Spaniard's hopes of winning his third successive Grand Slam this summer. He is vying to lift his 23rd major and move three away from Roger Federer and Djokovic on the all-time list. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here