Speaking on the Postcards from Midlife podcast, Fern Britton, explained her experience working in the TV industry had been turbulent. Fern said: "All those men I worked with, some are better than others.  Speaking on the Postcards from Midlife podcast, Fern explained her experience working in the TV industry had been turbulent. Fern said: "All those men I worked with, some are better than others. "Eamonn Holmes is a dream – Frank Bough was difficult. Shall I tell you a rude story?" She added: "When I joined breakfast time in 1982 or 83, I was either the newsreader or presenter with Frank. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby puts on busty display at Wimbledon "I was the stand in, so whenever anyone was off I would stand in. "So I would present the programme with Frank, and he didn’t like me at all, really. He wasn’t exactly the friendly uncle that he made out." Fern continued: "When I first joined the programme I was taken out to lunch by the whole team at a lovely restaurant in London. "We got to the bit where we’d had pudding and everybody was lighting up a fag, because that’s what you did. "Frank was sitting next to me and he leant back in his chair, looked at me and said, 'Well, I wonder how long it’ll be before I’m having an affair with you – because I do have a very big c**k'." "That’s astounding, isn’t it?," she said. Before adding of his manhood: "On hearsay, apparently he was accurate on that point. "Anyway, he hated me by the end. DONT MISS:Cliff Richard, 81, stuns fans with ‘ageless’ looks at Wimbledon (PHOTOS)BBC's Adele Roberts shares 'surreal' cancer update (NEWS)Liz Hurley, 57, sparks frenzy as she shows off sensational curves (LATEST) "He really disliked me and I had a rather rough time on that programme. "It does toughen you up, but it’s amazing what you pull yourself through." Fern and her ex Phil Vickery announced their decision to separate in January 2020. She still misses "talking through" her problems with her ex-husband, so instead, she shares her woes with her beloved cats. "I miss the opportunity of talking through a problem with another adult, to get their take on it. "So I talk to the cats, who usually have the answer," the star confessed.