  Johnny Depp has thanked his “unwavering supporters” and told them they “did the right thing” after he won all three defamation claims in his case against ex-wife Amber Heard. The Pirates of the Caribbean star was awarded $15 million in damages after a verdict was declared.      Johnny, 58, thanked his fans six days after celebrating the outcome of his defamation trial against ex Amber, 36. The star penned a heartfelt message alongside a video posted to his newly created TikTok account today. He wrote: “To all of my most treasured, loyal and unwavering supporters. “We've been everywhere together, we have seen everything together. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning    “We have walked the same road together,” he continued. “We did the right thing together, all because you cared. “And now, we will all move forward together." The actor went on to express how humbled he felt by all the support he had received.       “You are, as always, my employers and once again I am whittled down to no way to say thank you, other than just by saying thank you,” he penned. “So, thank you. My love & respect, JD,” he concluded his post, which was also shared to his Instagram. Last Wednesday, Johnny won all three defamation claims against Amber and was awarded $15 million in damages by the jury at the court in Fairfax, Virginia. Amber will only have to pay him $10.35 million due to a Virginia law capping punitive damages. READ MORE... Prince Charles 'segregated' Harry and Meghan claims Fern Britton [INSIGHT] Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [LATEST] ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS]      In turn, Johnny was found to have defamed Amber on one of three countersuit claims she launched against him. The Aquaman actress was thus awarded $2 million in damages by the court. Amber was present for the trial verdict, while Johnny was seen socialising with fans at a UK pub just moments before it rolled in. In a statement released after the verdict was announced, he said the jury “gave him his life back”.      "Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed. All in the blink of an eye," he said. “Six years later, the jury gave me my life back,” he added. Amber also issued a statement, which began: "The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. “I'm heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence and sway of my ex-husband.”   