Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) has been trying to keep her drug addiction a secret from Liam (Jonny McPherson) and her son, Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant), for months now. At the moment, Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) is the only Emmerdale local to know about the businesswoman's wayward antics and she has been trying to get her friend to change her ways. Unfortunately, no tactic has worked and it seems as the troubled villager is about to confess the truth, she could end up getting rid of her husband on the ITV soap instead. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Liam becomes concerned about his wife's drinking as he thinks she has been consuming excessive amounts. When he decides to confront his other half about it, Leyla comes up with a quick alibi as she explains Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade) was involved. It seems Priya doesn't get the memo as when Liam asks her what happened, she completely contradicts her business partner's lies. This leaves the medical professional deeply concerned and the next day, Liam decides he is going to question his wife again. Coming up with another reason as to why she's been drinking so much lately, she brings up her stepdaughter, Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger). READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition As the anniversary of Leanna's death approaches, Leyla explains her grief for her loss has led to her excessive drinking. Although she thinks this has got her husband off her back, it only exacerbates his concerns about her as he knows his daughter seems to be a trigger. It's not too long before the doctor tells his wife he knows why she lied about being with Priya and she goes into panic mode. He lays down his thoughts and luckily, he doesn't assume his wife could be using drugs to help her process her feelings. Later in the week, Leyla returns home to find Liam asleep on the sofa as it seems he has had a hard day at work in the surgery. Having just got her hands on another bag of cocaine, she decides to put in on the table next to Liam as she plans to confess. However, this is where the tragedy could arise as Leyla could accidentally leave the substance on the table, not thinking her husband will wake up and see it. In the middle of the night, he could take the bag and in his sleepy state, think his wife had left him some sleeping solution to take. Unfortunately, this could lead to an overdose of cocaine going into his system as he would make a terrible and tragic mistake. When Leyla wakes up the next morning, she would find her husband's corpse and see an empty bag of drugs on the side. DON'T MISS...'Not innocent!' Emmerdale's Nicola Wheeler issues storyline warning [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: ITV star ditched drink and lost 3st [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT] As she pieces together the events of the night, she could realise Liam made himself a drink and put the cocaine in his cup. Although he could have been treated at the hospital for his overdose, the fact he fell back asleep could have been fatal. Calling the emergency services, Leyla would know they would do a toxicology report and discover there were high levels of cocaine in the doctor's body. In order to save herself from being arrested for the part she played in his death, she could tell the authorities her husband was grieving for his daughter. She would explain he had been acting erratic for a few days but she never realised her other half was being harmful substances. However, will she be caught out when the other villagers don't support Leyla's lies about her late husband's mood and behaviour? It could be Liam's accidental death that will finally see Leyla's drug addiction exposed. The actor who plays Liam, Jonny, has previously spoken out about what it's like to work with some of his co-stars on the show. With his character having been in a relationship with Bernice Blackstock (Samatha Giles) in the past, he explained it's a surprise to the actors when they discover who they are being coupled with. Jonny said: "You don't have any choice over who you'll be paired up with, so I feel hugely fortunate to have worked with somebody as funny, fun and professional." "When I first started, it felt like such an honour. Then as you get to know somebody, you become mates and enjoy the work," he added. It might have been known the whole time Leyla was going to be behind Liam's exit from the show and this is why they were partnered together. Having gone through a whirlwind romance and marriage and suffering the loss of Leanna, the pair have faced their fair share of drama. However, will this all be brought to an end as the couple are torn apart forever? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.