Royal celebrations are well underway for this Platinum Jubilee weekend. The Royal Family are constantly on show, which means they have to follow royal protocols. With Jubilee celebrations in full swing, online gifting retailer IWOOT has outlined the Royal Family’s strangest rules they must follow.  These range from secret handbag signals from the Queen, to the banning of shellfish at royal meals. What are the seven strangest rules that the Royal Family must follow? Royals are not allowed to eat shellfish, according to this study. Shellfish is one of the food groups that carry a risk of food poisoning. Therefore, it would be considered too dangerous for royals to eat. Rare meat and water in foreign countries is also not advised for the same reasons. READ MORE: Kate Middleton has 'most popular diet' - 'had to work for attributes'  The popular game monopoly is a forbidden board game. Prince Andrew once said that it gets “too vicious”. For the Royal Family, modesty is key. The royals must adhere to a modest dress code, even when they are dressed casually. For instance, in the Caribbean when Kate occasionally wore shorts, they were usually quite long. Even the royal children have a dress code. Prince Louis, as he is under the age of seven, is always seen wearing shorts and never trousers. Prince George was the same when he was that age, as were William and Harry. Traditionally, trousers are reserved for when children are seen to be more grown-up, which usually happens when they are around seven or eight years old.  It is said the Queen uses her handbag as a signal to communicate. Placing her bag on the floor is a signal that she needs to be saved from an uncomfortable situation. If she places her bag on the table, this means she wants to end the event. The Queen’s corgis are known to live a very privileged life for a pet. According to former royal chef Darren McGrady, there was a daily menu for the dogs.  Myrtle is known to be an essential feature in a wedding bouquet at a royal wedding. This is a royal wedding tradition dating back to Princess Victoria. Royal brides would carry at least one sprig of myrtle in their bouquets. This was done by Kate Middleton at her 2011 wedding and by Meghan Markle in 2018.  The Queen dislikes garlic so much that chefs reportedly do not cook with garlic inside the Palace. The Duchess of Cornwall also revealed that she, and the other members of the Royal Family, are not permitted to eat garlic or dishes containing garlic while at official events abroad. Speaking on Masterchef Australia a couple of years ago she told judge Gary Mehigan that garlic is off the menu. “I hate to say this, but garlic. Garlic is a no-no," she said. The judge asked why this was, questioning: “Because you’re talking, chatting?” Camilla stated: “Yes, exactly. So you always have to lay off the garlic.” The Duchess’ son, Tom Parker Bowles, also previously claimed that his mother and Prince Charles do not like hot dishes like curry because they “come from a generation where they don't really like chilli”. 