Nicola Sturgeon has announced that the Scottish Government is nearly ready to give more details on how the nation's devolved parliament could move ahead with a new independence referendum without the consent of the British government. During the press conference, the SNP leader was reminded that over half a decade had passed already since she first demanded a second independence vote in the aftermath of the Brexit referendum. The BBC's Glen Campbell asked the First Minister: "You stood in this room six years ago in the morning after the Brexit vote and say that an independence referendum was highly likely is that any more believable today?" Ms Sturgeon replied: "First of all, you know, the last six years have been probably the most tumultuous the country as Scotland, the UK, the world has lived through not least, a global pandemic that has persisted for more than two years, although thankfully I hope we are now on the other side of the acute phase of that. "So circumstances over the past six years have changed and have been difficult. "I firmly believe we will have an independence referendum, I believe people will have that choice. I'm setting out to be the first in what will be a very substantial argument for independence and a very substantial exposition of how you made the journey from a majority of people opting for that and becoming independent."  Ms Sturgeon said that as a result of last year's Scottish parliament elections there was "an indisputable democratic mandate" for a vote, which she intended to honour even though British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has refused to issue a "Section 30" order to allow one. "If we are to uphold democracy here in Scotland, we must forge a way forward, if necessary without a section 30 order," Sturgeon said in a speech, adding that work was underway on how to proceed, given the British government contests that the Scottish parliament has the power to grant such a vote. "That, therefore, is the situation we must navigate to give people the choice of independence. "Now that work is well underway, and while I do not intend to go further into the detail today, I can say that I do plan to give a significant update to Parliament very soon indeed."  The First Minister stated: "After everything that has happened, Brexit, Covid, Boris Johnson, it is time to set out a different and better vision. "It is time to talk about making Scotland wealthier and fairer. It is time to talk about independence and then make that choice." Ms Sturgeon insisted when she was re-elected as First Minister last May it was on a "clear commitment to give the people of Scotland the choice of becoming an independent country". She noted that Holyrood had a "decisive majority" of MSPs in favour of independence, as she insisted: "The Scottish Parliament, therefore, has an indisputable democratic mandate." DON'T MISS: Nadine Dorries blasts Remainer Hunt's leadership hopes [REPORT]Everyone who voted to oust Boris as MPs vote in no-confidence bid [REPORT]'Only serves is Labour!' Ann Widdecombe slams Tory MP no confidence [REPORT] Speaking to journalists, Ms Sturgeon added: "Scotland, like countries across the world, faces significant challenges. "But we also have huge advantages and immense potential. The refreshed case for independence is about how we equip ourselves to navigate the challenges and fulfil that potential, now and in future." She continued: "In their day-to-day lives, people across Scotland are suffering the impacts of the soaring cost of living, low growth and increasing inequality, constrained public finances and the many implications of a Brexit we did not vote for. "These problems have all been made worse or, most obviously in the case of Brexit, directly caused by the fact we are not independent.