Queen Elizabeth II celebrates 70 years on the throne this year, and the British public is commemorating the Platinum Jubilee with her. The Government has moved the spring bank holiday and added an additional day off to provide a rare four-day weekend from June 2. As people gear up for a few days worth of street parties, they will want to know which supermarkets are open long enough to meet any last-second needs. Tesco supermarkets usually observe 10-hour opening windows on bank holidays. Shops usually open from 8am to 6pm, but representatives have not confirmed whether these will remain the same during the new holiday this year. Times may also vary between superstore and express locations, so people planning bank holiday groceries should check via Tesco's dedicated store locator. Sainsbury's has opted to shorten its hours slightly over the bank holiday weekend. Instead of running from the usual 7am to 11pm, most locations should open from 7am to 9pm. Again, times may vary across locations, so people should check the Sainsbury's store locator. READ MORE: Have the time of your life this Jubilee at the Wembley dance party Aldi has opted to follow a nationwide bank holiday opening schedule this weekend. Stores will open for 12 hours, following an 8am to 8pm timetable. The blanket schedule will apply across UK stores, with no variations expected. Iceland has not supplied specific Jubilee opening hours this year. Instead, people will have to assume the shop follows its usual opening hours of 8am to 9pm. Some stores may slightly adjust their timings over the weekend, and Iceland also has a store locator shoppers can use. ASDA has not confirmed its exact Jubilee opening times, so people will have to go off the supermarket's usual bank holiday hours. These are usually between 8am and 8pm, reduced from 7am to 10pm on most other days. Once the supermarket has settled on a Jubilee rota, each store should update its hours on the ASDA store locator. As Aldi's chief European competitor, Lidl has opted to follow the same Jubilee timetable. The supermarket will open for a 12-hour stint from 8am to 8pm, reduced from 7am to 11pm. The opening hours should apply uniformly across the UK's Lidl stores. Morrisons has decided to keep supermarket opening hours consistent over the bank holiday. Shops under the chain's management will open for 17 hours, from 6am to 11pm. Most shops follow the same timetable, but some may close earlier, around 10pm, so prospective shoppers should check their local store via the locator. Marks & Spencer will likely follow its usual bank holiday schedule during the Jubilee weekend. Over the last public holiday, most stores opened for 13 hours, from 7am to 8pm. Those could be subject to change, so shoppers should check the store locator. Waitrose operates flagship stores and "Little Waitrose" locations which usually open on different timetables. Flagship shops should open from 8am to 10pm, while Little Waitrose may open an hour earlier, from 7am until 10pm. The supermarket is the only chain on the list with a royal warrant, which it received in 1928 from King George V.