Lewis Hamilton has claimed his back pain "feels 100 times worse", raising more doubt on whether he will compete in this weekend’s Canadian Grand Prix. The seven-time champion said his back needs "some recovering" before the first practice session in just four days' time. However, Hamilton seemed optimistic he would be able to take part as he claimed he was "feeling better already". Posting on Instagram, he said: “Seeing online that a lot of people are concerned about me with how awful it looked out there today. It means so much that so many of you are sending love. I'll be honest it looks terrible and feels 100 times worse. “Definitely some recovering and hard work with the team to do before Montreal to overcome this hurdle. Feeling better already, though, and motivated me to keep pushing. See you next week." Hamilton has complained of back pains all weekend as his Mercedes struggled with bouncing issues. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton backed to be 'different beast' by George Russell The Mercedes star claimed he was biting down on his teeth in pain during Sunday’s race in which he finished fourth. He added: “I can't express the pain you experience, particularly on the straight here. At the end you're just praying for it to end.” Hamilton appeared to scream in agony over team radio during the race and was seen struggling to get out of his car in parc ferme. Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff claimed it was definitely possible Hamilton could miss the next race due to injury. He said: “I haven't seen him, and I haven't spoken to him afterwards. But you can see this is not muscular anymore, this goes properly into the spine and can have some consequences." DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton admits he was 'praying' for Azerbaijan GP to end  [COMMENT]Mercedes apologise to Lewis Hamilton after Brit spotted in agony [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton in hint over Canada GP appearance following back pain [ANALYSIS] Wolff also stressed Mercedes will bring a reserve driver to Montreal to make sure their cars can take part in the weekend. This means either Stoffel Vandoorne or Nyck de Vries will step in if either Hamilton or George Russell feel unable to drive. The former Williams man also complained of issues during the race and suggested action needed to be taken on safety grounds. He said: “No one is saying this to try and get any advantage. You've got the Ferrari drivers and even Max [Verstappen] was saying how tough it is… Something will happen there's no doubt about it.”