Writing on Twitter Margaret Thatcher’s former aide Nile Gardiner slammed the US President for "bowing down to Russia" for refusing to send the rockets. The Foreign Policy analyst and Telegraph contributor tore the Biden administration apart claiming they were appeasing Russia.  He wrote to his Twitter followers: "Weak and pathetic: The Biden Administration bows down to Russia, again. "The US will not send Ukraine rocket systems that can reach Russia, says Biden." The 46th US President made the announcement on Monday when he told reporters at the White House: "We're not going to send to Ukraine rocket systems that strike into Russia." The US President did not appear to be ruling out sending a specific weapons system but rather placing conditions on their use.  Mr Biden and his team are working on a new package of military equipment which is expected to be announced in the coming days. Ukrainian officials have requested longer range weapons such as the Multiple Launch Rocket System, or MLRS that can fire rockets hundreds of miles away. The MLRS was under consideration, but not weapons with long-range strike capabilities outside of battlefield use, a senior administration official told Reuters. The Ukrainian government, however, believes that more longer-range weapons could help it turn the tide in the war against Russia. READ MORE: EU countries: The five countries that could leave the bloc next Mr Biden wants to help Ukraine defend itself but has been opposed to sending weapons to Kyiv that could be used to directly attack Russia. CNN and The Washington Post both reported on Friday that Mr Biden was considering sending the MLRS along with the High Mobility Artillery Rocket System. The Biden administration and US allies have been increasingly willing to give Ukraine longer range weaponry such as the M777 howitzers. This is partially because Ukrainian forces have been much more successful at battling Russian forces than US intelligence officials had predicted. DON'T MISS:  MH370: Engineer who came ‘closer than anyone’ to solving mystery [REVEAL] Ukraine LIVE: Putin chemical plant strike fills city with toxic fumes [INSIDE] Disillusioned Russian soldier threatens general with cooked grenade [SPOTLIGHT]  A US official told Reuters that Washington and Kyiv had a shared "understanding" about the use of certain Western-provided weapon systems. The official said: "So far, we've been on the same page about the thresholds." US officials have also warned about the mismatch between Russian President Vladimir Putin's military ambitions and the performance of his troops. In the next few months the war could go in a "more unpredictable and potentially escalatory trajectory," Director of National Intelligence Avril Haines told a Senate hearing this month. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned the West that supplying weapons to Ukraine capable of hitting Russian territory would be "a serious step towards unacceptable escalation," according to remarks published on the Russian foreign ministry website last week. 