Cameron Norrie, 26, is fighting for a place in the third round of Wimbledon this afternoon. The British number one takes to court one at 2:35pm where he faces Spain’s Jaume Munar in the second round. Norrie booked his place in today’s match after overcoming Pablo Andujar 6-0 7-6 6-3 in a convincing win on Monday. His first-round victory kickstarted the British charge at this year’s championships, as rising star Emma Raducanu and veteran Andy Murray also progressed to the second round. “All my mum’s side and my dad’s side are Welsh and Scottish. I still have family in Scotland. “My roots feel British. I was born in South Africa, brought up in New Zealand, then I lived here for three years in London between 16 and 19.” Norrie also admitted that his mixed accent has caused confusion in the past when he has been on his travels. He said: “In America they have no clue. I think it’s a mix between British and New Zealand.” Norrie’s mother, who was a long-distance runner, was apparently the one who introduced him to tennis. However, his father David was also sporty, having been the number one ranked squash player in British universities. The proud Scot did not take kindly to his son’s swipe at his strong Scottish accent. Speaking to Scottish newspaper The Herald in 2018, David said: “I wish he would stop saying that about my accent. “But I have kept it, of course. Why wouldn’t you? I’ve been away for 36 years. “Or 39, if you count England as being away. Which I think you do!” DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic's bitter family feud with Roger Federer: 'Not a good man' [LATEST]'Who’s going to turn that down?' Christopher Walken's odd lion tamer career before acting [INSIGHT]Björn Borg’s rage in feud with John McEnroe stunned American: ‘I was totally shocked’ [ANALYSIS] As Norrie appears at Wimbledon today, it is now five years since his debut at the All England Club. In his first match at the tournament in 2017, he was beaten in straight sets by Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on the opening day. Norrie, who had been studying for a sociology degree in Texas before the Championships, received some help from Murray ahead of his first Wimbledon match. Speaking about his fellow Scot, Norrie said: “I played juniors there. I’ve not been there many times, but I was there a few days ago practising with Andy. “He’s such a great role model and he’s at such a high level that it rubs off on you.” Coverage of Norrie vs Munar will be shown live across the BBC this afternoon.