Amber Heard has denied reports she has been axed from Aquaman 2 and her role as Mera recast with Nicole Kidman instead. The actress lost her defamation lawsuit against ex-husband Johnny Depp earlier this month. A source had told JustJared: “Warner Bros. decided to recast Amber Heard‘s role after screen-testing the movie. “They are going to be doing reshoots with Jason Momoa and Nicole Kidman.” But a representative for Amber firmly denied this was the case, telling Express.co.uk: “The rumour mill continues as it has from day one -- inaccurate, insensitive, and slightly insane." Amber claimed in court that Warner Bros “didn’t want to include” her in further films due to her legal woes with ex-husband Johnny. “I fought to keep my job, and the biggest movie opportunity I had to date, Justice League, with the option to [star in] Aquaman," she alleged in evidence. “I had to fight really hard to stay in Justice League because that was the time of the divorce.” A petition to have Amber removed from her role in the sequel, starring Jason Momoa in the titular role, garnered 4.6million signatures. The news comes as Johnny won all three defamation claims against Amber and was awarded $15 million in damages by the jury at the court in Fairfax, Virginia, at the start of June. Amber will only have to pay him $10.35 million due to a Virginia law capping punitive damages. In turn, Johnny was found to have defamed Amber on one of three countersuit claims she launched against him. The Rum Diary actress was thus awarded $2 million in damages by the court. In a new interview, she said she didn’t blame the jury for reaching the decision they came to. DON'T MISS...Mick Jagger's son comforted by mum as he sobs over dad's Covid battleEamonn Holmes breaks silence on hospital dash and thanks NHS 'angels'‘Had no alternative’ Trinny Woodall was once forced to sell her house The trial was widely discussed, debated and mocked on social media throughout its duration. Posts on both TikTok and Twitter appeared to overwhelmingly favour Johnny, who was celebrated by fans following the verdict of the six-week trial. During the court case, the TikTok hashtag “Justice for Amber Heard” had received 27 million views, while one for Depp rose to 20 billion views. In an interview with Savannah Guthrie on NBC's TODAY,  Amber said: “I don't care what one thinks about me or what judgments you want to make about what happened in the privacy of my own home, in my marriage, behind closed doors. “I don't presume the average person should know those things. “And so I don't take it personally,” she added. “But even somebody who is sure I'm deserving of all this hate and vitriol,” the actress claimed.