Motorists attempting to drive through Corporation Street in Derby between 7am and 7pm will be automatically fined. The rule was enacted in 2020 and has left some drivers baffled and others furious. Since being introduced in 2020, Derby City Council has given out 31,174 fines to motorists. And, while 4,000 of those were appealed, only 342 were successful, DerbyshireLive reported. Several drivers have taken online to express their views on the ‘unclear’ signs around the bus lane. Colleen Ward said: "It's as unclear as it could be, I was there recently for the first time in decades. Never go there. It's a disaster of a place." READ MORE: Lee Roach commented: "This road needs to be reinstated to how it’s been for 50 years, it serves no purpose other than a money-making scheme for the council. "When they changed it, it was supposed to be a temporary measure due to Covid and lockdowns, the council’s then managed to make it permanent by sneaking it through the back door, disgraceful." Christina May added: "They either need to make it bus-only 24/7 or get rid of it totally because they don't see the signs or understand them and it’s too late by the time they realise. "I just avoid the road altogether now." DON'T MISS Major parking laws scrapped as drivers 'right to feel infuriated' [REVEAL] Drivers warned of new law tomorrow which may see them jailed for life [WARNING] Many electric car drivers 'confused' days before new charging rules [INSIGHT] While Christina Marlow said: "Most motorists are pretty law-abiding so to catch 4,000 says to me that this is a money-making venture. The signage is poor, especially if you don’t know the area." Others, however, defended the council and urged drivers to follow the rules. Malcolm Spencer said: "If you can’t read the road signs which are clearly in view, you shouldn't be driving in the first place." Guy Diver added: "The signs have been there for ages. READ MORE: Motorists forced to pay over £8,000 to drive in Westminster “No sympathy whatsoever for anyone who can't see or understand, they shouldn't be driving." A spokeswoman for Derby City Council told the Local Democracy Reporting Service: “All signage in the area meets the necessary regulatory requirements and this is something which has been tested by the traffic penalty tribunal, where two separate independent adjudicators have concluded the restriction is marked and signed to meet the legislative expectations. "Since the introduction of PCNs for the scheme on Corporation Street, the number of fines issued has dropped by 36 percent since enforcement commenced. “The scheme on Corporation Street is a key part of removing unnecessary traffic from the city centre and creating an improved environment for pedestrians and for the use of adjacent public spaces. "It has critical benefits for public transport, improving journey reliability and punctuality, removing the historic congestion, and meets the priorities of the national bus strategy. “Any revenue generated as a result of PCNs is used to directly improve highways and transport within the city.” When approached for further comment, the council said: “The council does not have to comply with a request if it places a substantial and arduous burden on the council. “The council has determined your request is ‘manifestly unreasonable’ because to search for the information would involve checking 342 electronic PCN appeals at 30 min per appeal would take the council 171 hours. “It would also divert a manager from his day-to-day work priorities to deal with the request.”