Boris Johnson will unveil plans that will allow ministers to unilaterally modify aspects of the Northern Ireland protocol. Civil servant Philip Rycroft, however, discouraged the UK Government from taking unilateral actions as he warned the move is “high risk”. He stressed “if every country took that approach [as the UK], that would be the end of the international order”. The new bill could lead to a “trade dispute with the European Union”, he warned after stressing businesses in Northern Ireland at the centre of the issue want “the two sides to negotiate a way forward”. Mr Rycroft told Times Radio: “The UK signed up to this deal not that long ago, there are provisions within the deal for dispute resolution, and now the UK government is saying ‘we don’t like what’s going on and we can’t make progress on the negotiations’. “So effectively, we’re going to gut the whole deal. “If every country took that approach to its international obligations, that effectively would be the end of the international order. “So what the UK Government is doing, I think, is high risk. “That is a country that is aspiring to international leadership, and this is not a good look.” He added: “At the end of the day, the only resolution to the issue around the Northern Ireland protocol is going to be through negotiations. “It is about sitting down with the European Commission, even if they don’t like the idea very much, and thrashing through these issues. “The European Commission tabled a series of proposals to ease some of the concerns about the way the protocol operates. READ MORE: UK could face wrath of retaliatory tariffs from EU over NI Protocol  “And I’ve not seen anything to suffuse the UK government has engaged seriously with those proposals. “If you listen to the fold really mastering all of this, that’s businesses in Northern Ireland, what they’re saying is the two sides need to negotiate a way forward. “Let’s not forget that one of the big consequences of introducing a process that might lead to unilateral action is to increase uncertainty for businesses in Northern Ireland, but actually uncertainty for businesses across the UK. “Because if this escalates, the risk is essentially a trade dispute with the EU. DON'T MISS: Smart meter CHAOS as Britons billed for usage outside of their homes [WATCH]Appleby Horse Fair horror: Police face off against mob [LISTEN]Smoke rises from Smurfit Kappa plant as tons of cardboard on fire [INSIGHT] “This may disrupt further our trade relationships with our most important trading partner. “The threat of that will affect investment decisions and so on, frankly the last thing we need with the state of the economy as it is now”. In light of the new Brexit bill announcement, the EU warned the UK government that the move could break international laws. A similar warning came also from Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney who warned his counterpart Liz Truss that a unilateral post-Brexit bill could prove “deeply damaging” as it could lead to a possible rupture in relations between the EU and UK. Boris Johnson dismissed the possibility of the EU retaliating, insisting it would be a "gross overreaction." He said: “I disagree with that. Why? Because I think our higher and prior legal commitment as a country is to the Belfast Good Friday agreement, and to the balance of stability of that agreement”.