Oasis rocker Noel Gallagher has suggested the Royal Family's appeal is "dwindling" as the musician suggested people only cared about getting a day off work for the Platinum Jubilee. The performer also shared that "the monarchy as a thing is a bit farcical". Speaking in a new interview, the 55-year-old addressed the recent extra bank holidays for the Jubilee celebrations that commemorated Her Majesty's incredible 70 years on the throne. Noel said that the music business should "not stop for the monarchy". He admitted he was surprised to see his colleagues taking time off during the celebrations as the music industry doesn't stop. He said: “Some of the people who work for me, I was like, ‘See you tomorrow’. They went, ‘Oh, we’re off tomorrow. We’ve got the day off for the jubilee’. READ MORE: Amanda Holden sets pulses racing as she goes braless and flashes legs “I was like, ‘f***ing royalists in the music business?’ I’m not having the day off, you’re not having the day off’. Anyway, they all had the day off.” He claimed the 1977 Silver Jubilee was more of a big deal. “Now, it’s appeal is dwindling, like religion,” he said. “There are other things for people to be interested in."  He continued: “I’ve got a security guard who is a royalist, he’s very much ‘this great country’, one of them. “But they are dwarfed by people who are like ‘whatever, thanks for the day off but whatever’." Noel added to The Mirror: “The monarchy as a thing is a bit farcical – and if anybody thinks we are one’s subjects then they are very much mistaken.” The rocker added he felt sorry for Prince Charles and Prince William as they were born into the institution. DON'T MISS... Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's daughter is image of parents[LATEST]Amanda Holden sets pulses racing as she goes braless and flashes legs[PICTURES]Nadia Sawalha, 57, strips to underwear as she mocks Kim Kardashian ad[INSTAGRAM] The Don't Look Back In Anger singer admitted he does not "hate" the royals. He reiterated what he had previously said in the 90s adding he was never a royalist. But said he would never declare himself as an "anti-royal". This isn't the only time singer has hit out at members of the Royal Family. In June 2021, he branded Prince Harry a "f*****g woke snowflake" for publicly criticising the Royal Family. The musician, who has a notoriously sour relationship with his own brother Liam, 49, said he sympathises with Prince William for having a brother who is "shooting his f*****g mouth off". The rocker also criticised Harry for "dissing your family" - referring to Harry and Meghan's recent Oprah special where the Duke of Sussex addressed his mental health documentary. Noel urged the royal to "shut up" during an interview with The Sun.