Jasmine Harman continues to wow viewers after revealing she embarked on a journey to a healthier her. The A Place In the Sun host was mistaken for being pregnant last year by fans, and decided to cut out certain foods to curb her bloating. At the time, Jasmine explained that "it's not surprising someone thought I was expecting", admitting she believes bread was perhaps the biggest issue. But she has been working on "mindful eating", surprising fans by dropping 20lb in just five months. So, what did she do? The TV star revealed she didn't follow a very strict regime and instead was just cautious about what she consumed in a day. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake In progress pictures posted to her Instagram account, she wrote: "Progress shot: I’m currently away so I have not got any bathroom scales with me. "It’s actually very refreshing not to be obsessing over the number on the scales, but I did bring my measuring tape and I can still take photos for comparison. (Can you see the difference?!) "There is just two weeks between these two shots and I’m looking at the first one thinking 'it’s not surprising that someone thought I was expecting'. "There may be various reasons why I was so bloated, but I feel that bread may be a big contributing factor. I love bread. I could quite happily eat bread at every meal." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] She went on to note that she stopped eating lots of bread for a few weeks and "really noticed a difference". "I’ve not been following a very strict regime, it’s more like 'mindful eating' under the watchful eye of @plantpoweredcoach_ who has been helping me to think about my food/drink choices and keeping me focussed," she added. "But it’s really helping me to feel more in control and more confident in myself." Not only did the presenter adopt a new way of eating, but she began to exercising properly too. Following the three national lockdowns, Jasmine admitted she had fallen victim to "emotional eating and drinking". This in turn saw her pile on the pounds as she found being cooped up during the last lockdown "harder than ever". But she turned that time to herself into something positive. Jasmine shared at the time: "If you’d asked me a year ago whether I’d ever stop exercising or would I binge eat a whole tub of vegan ice cream I’d have thought you were crackers. “I was so committed to the healthy new me, and had been for about 18 months. "There was no desire to eat junk or overeat or drink alcohol every day. I loved my exercise classes at @davidlloydpurley so much!" She added: "It’s easy to slip into a downward spiral of depressive thoughts & lethargy when the world seems to be falling apart. Mindset is everything." Now, fans continue to gush over the Channel 4 star's new appearance, and she revealed her confidence soars due to her slimmer figure. If you are suffering with an eating disorder, you can contact Seed for help and support or speak to them by calling 01482 718130 for advice.