The Los Alcores de Carmona distillery is built over ancient Roman baths with a spring, from which the natural waters create microclimate conditions in the distillery, and plush green grass surrounds the various terracotta buildings. Succulents grow among Roman tools discovered on the site, and in one corner, I discover an enticing waterfall. Deciding against plunging into the water, I’m offered some cold, plump strawberries. I’ve not seen ones like it - a perfect refreshment in the near 40 degree Celsius heat. The rest of these strawberries will be macerated in alcohol, giving all of their colour, sweet flavour and aroma in the creation of Puerto de Indias Strawberry Gin. It’s the first strawberry gin to reach the market, Juan Miguel Pérez, Puerto de Indias International Director, tells me over a ‘perfect serve’ of the spirit, served with lemonade and a fresh strawberry. He also shows me their new LGBTQ+ themed rainbow bottle. Launched in Pride month, it’ll be available year round, and the charity LGBT HERO will receive £5 from every rainbow bottle sold. After a tour of the distillery, and a masterclass on creating my own gin, I immerse myself in Spanish spirit as I take my ‘perfect serve’ and find a spot in the shade to enjoy a special surprise performance by a local Sevillian flamenco group. Carmona is a short drive from Seville, and the evening is only just beginning as I arrive at my home for the night, Hotel Kivir. As the sun sets over the city, diners are starting to head out into the city. First, I capture the captivating panoramas of the waterfront from the roof garden. Tomorrow, I’ll take in more of the horizon - and eye up the swimming pool - over a delicious breakfast of fresh eggs, fruits and pastries. But right now, it’s time to cross the Triana Bridge for dinner reservations at Maria Trifulca, situated on the banks of the Guadalquivir river. We start our celebrations with another glass of Puerto de Indias Strawberry Gin and lemonade. The shape of the bottle is inspired by Seville’s Torre del Oro, which, dining al fresco on the roof terrace, I can see on the skyline. I tuck into the restaurant’s “real” seasonal tomato and can’t resist trying the mushroom and truffle croquettes - which are almost immediately devoured by our group. I’ve ordered the fettuccine with mushroom, truffle and egg yolk - a delicious and generous portion of pasta, finished in a pecorino cheese round. I have a full day of exploring the city ahead of me, but the evening simply can’t end without sampling the Payoyo cheesecake. After a fantastic breakfast, with freshly squeezed orange juice and coffee, we head out into the centre of Seville. We travel through the city by horse and carriage, taking in the breathtaking buildings and exciting atmosphere. Today happens to be a bank holiday, and residents are dressed in their finery for Corpus Christi festivities. We arrive at Catedral de Sevilla just as the procession goes past the cathedral. After taking it all in, we take a walk around, then pause by the adjoining Alcázar palace and observe the different styles of architecture. Onwards on our tour, we pass the Torre del Oro and make our way to Plaza de España in the Parque de María Luisa. The tree roots are a natural work of art, and this leafy park offers welcome respite from the sun to city workers and tourists alike. We finish this part of our outing by travelling over to the neighbourhood of Triana, and back to the bridge of the same name. We meander along the orange tree-lined streets of Triana, smelling the luscious leaves as we go. Down some steps, we find ourselves on the bank of the Guadalquivir River. Amid blooming shrubbery, there's a small jetty, where a crew meets us for our next adventure. Welcomed with refreshments, we hop aboard and soak up the Spanish sun. As we begin our journey on the waterway, I capture a glance across the water - the Torre del Oro stands tall on the skyline, overseeing the bank holiday festivities. Our return to reality is looming, but there's still so much of this city to explore. Back on land, we cross the bridge back to Seville, for lunch reservations at Casa Anibal. The restaurant interior is phenomenal. Through a grand arched door, we find rattan chairs, pink feathered lamps, and all kinds of patterned furniture. There's fantastic service too, and the eatery soon fills up with excited diners. Having already indulged in copious slices of Manchego, I opt for a fig salad as a main, which turns out to be incredibly flavoursome and generously served. I pair it with the Puerto de Indias Blackberry Gin and ginger ale - a delicious combination of flavour to toast the trip. Quenched and more than content, I take a final gaze at this beautiful city.