Manchester United are facing heavyweight competition for £35million Palmeiras wonderkid Endrick. The 15-year-old, who is yet to make his debut for the first team, is set to sign his first senior contract when he turns 16, next month - but clubs are already lining up for his signature. Although it is not believed that United have made an enquiry about the striker yet, they are now facing competition from Paris Saint-Germain, who are the latest side to join the race alongside Barcelona and Real Madrid. According to Brazilian journalist Jorge Nicola, Endrick’s first professional contract will include a £35m release clause in its first year. After that, his release clause will then go up to £43m and £52m and given Palmeiras only own 70 per cent of the player’s economical rights, they are unlikely to knock the price down of an eventual sale. “This also helps to explain the hurry from Barcelona, Real Madrid, PSG and Manchester United [in securing a sale],” Nicola added.   Speaking about the interest from European clubs, Endrick spoke with enthusiasm about English football: "I watch the Premier League a lot. It’s a vibrant game, and the results are often unexpected, while in other leagues you know who’s going to win, most of the time. READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations “It’s natural for any Brazilian kid to want to go to Europe, because that’s where the most important games and competitions are. But I don’t think about it too much. It’s not my next step. My next step is to play well for Palmeiras. I know that to be able to play in Europe, I have to perform to a high level at Palmeiras, and to play for Palmeiras I have to be outstanding for the youth team." His displays at both club and international level for Brazil under-16s has attracted much interest. He recently helped Brazil under-16s to silverware in the Montaigu Tournament, the 15-year-old was the top-goal scorer in the competition. “It’s inexplicable what has been happening in my life recently,” he said back in April. “I always say in every interview that it is important to maintain my head in the right place, be continuing being humble and not get too excited about amything, and understand that awards is the result of work built collectively.” DON'T MISS Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn  The youth striker began his career at Palmeiras, joining at the age of 11 and in the last four years he has scored a whooping 167 goals in 171 games for Palmeiras’ youth ranks. During his time with the under-17s and under-20s in 2021, he netted 20 goals in 46 games. Earlier this year, he won Player of the Tournament award in the 2022 Junior Sao Paulo Cup where he netted seven times in as many games, leading Palmeiras to silverware. Meanwhile, United will be keen to land the promising striker as soon as possible, as appearances for the first team will certainly attract more competition that they do not need. Meanwhile the Red Devils who continue pressing to make their first signing of the summer, as Ajax's Antony looks set to make a switch to Old Trafford.