Controversial, talented, divisive, entertaining - for all the terms used to described the career of Nick Kyrgios, one word that never crops up is boring. For all the kudos earned by his undeniable ability, the Australian is regularly tainted by indiscipline and ill-tempered rows. And you suspect that's just the way he likes it. This year, he captured the first Grand Slam title of his career, albeit it a doubles crown. He and compatriot Thanasi Kokkinakis had home fans captivated as they prevailed at the Australian Open, netting themselves almost £50,000 each for doing so. Indeed, it contributed handsomely to the 27-year-old's overall career earnings, which according to sportskeeda, stand at just over £.7.32 million. Suffice to say, some of that has been returned to authorities in fines, with the star forced to fork out £46,000 in a week this year following discrepancies in his behaviour at Indian Wells and the Miami Open. His reputation hasn't harmed his ability to secure sponsorships and endorsements though, having signed contracts with the likes of Yonex, Nike and headphone giant Beats. His bad-boy image has undoubtedly cost him on this front too though, with Australian clothing company, Bonds, ending their partnership with him in 2015. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz buries Daniil Medvedev rivalry to back Russian's Wimbledon cause The Canberra man has his own business interests too though, and is the founder of sports athlete media company PlayersVoice. He's also an investor in the digital platform, and has co-hosted the No Boundaries podcast with another ATP player, Alexander Babanine. And his income has been put to good use, with his luxurious home in Canberra complimented by another house in the Bahamas. He also has a small car collection also which consists of brands such as BMW, Mercedes Benz and Range Rover - and it's all helped the star boast a net worth of over £12.2 million. DON'T MISS:Rafael Nadal's uncle Toni makes Novak Djokovic plea to Stefanos Tsitsipas before WimbledonAndy Murray issues public rejection of Saudi Arabia and outlines previous big money snubAndy Murray opens up on heartbreaking coaching rejections and talks up Wimbledon chances To his credit though, Kyrgios has also put his money towards charitable causes, helping raise funds for those affected by the bushfire crisis in Australia in 2020. He also created the Nick Kyrgios Foundation that offers sporting opportunities to underprivileged youth. This week, he'll look to add to his net worth with a good run at Wimbledon, a tournament in which he reached the quarter-finals in 2014. He opens his campaign with a first round match against Paul Jubb on Tuesday.