Halifax’s latest House Price Index has unveiled that property prices across the UK increased by one percent in May, with Northern Ireland and the South West top for annual house price inflation. Russell Galley, Managing Director, Halifax, said: “The average cost of buying a home in the UK is up one percent or £2,857, on last month, and has now risen for 11 consecutive months. “Annual growth remains in double digits, at 10.5 percent, although this is the slowest rate of growth seen since the start of the year. “The average cost to buy a home in the UK is now £289,099, hitting yet another record high. “Despite the very real cost of living pressures some people are experiencing, the imbalance between supply and demand for properties remains the primary reason driving the continued climb in house prices.” Mr Galley said the extent of the impact of property price inflation continues to be linked to the type of home house hunters are looking to buy. READ MORE: Use cinnamon method to ‘kill’ houseplant pests including gnats He added: “Compared to May last year, you’d need around £10,000 more to buy a flat, but an additional £50,000 for a detached home. “This clearly creates a knock-on effect for those looking to make their first home move, as the rungs on the housing ladder have become increasingly wider.” Despite this, Mr Galley said the housing market has begun to show “signs of cooling”. He said: “Mortgage activity has started to come down and, coupled with the inflationary pressures currently exerted on household budgets, it’s likely activity will start to slow. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares 65p trick to unblock drains in 10 minutes [COMMENT]How often to wash bedding in summer to kill dust mites [INSIGHT]What plants to prune now to help 'successful growth' in the garden [EXPLAINER] “So, there is perhaps one green shot for prospective purchasers, with overall buying demand down compared to last year, we may be past the peak sellers’ market.” Northern Ireland topped the table this month for annual house price inflation, seeing prices rise by 15.2 percent, which is an average of £185,386. The South West also recorded a strong rate of annual growth at 14.5 percent, equating to £305,173. Wales’ inflation stood at 13.7 percent, where a home is now a record of £216,120. Nine regions in the UK registered double-digit annual inflation, with only Yorkshire and the Humber, Scotland and London in single figures. Buying a home in the capital would still cost an average £541,942. According to Halifax, over the past decade the cost of home has risen by 74 percent, or by £123,016. The strongest inflation has been in London, followed by the East of England, and the East Midlands. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea London house hunters now need £247,638 more than those looking 10 years ago. Richard Davies, Managing Director of Chestertons, said: “May of this year even surpassed May 2021’s performance when we had the added Stamp Duty incentive. “We registered a monthly year-on-year uplift of 57 percent in buyer enquiries and 19 percent increase in offers being made. “These statistics confirm that buyer confidence has returned despite economic challenges and that house hunters are eager to find their property before any further interest rate hikes.”