Goodwood Festival of Speed never fails to deliver with hundreds of thousands of spectators attending events across an action-packed four days. This year’s festival will run from Thursday, June 23 to Sunday, June 26. Spectators attending the festival will be able to see the new ElectraMeccanica Solo. Described by organisers as one of the “quirkiest” EVs, the car is an all-electric urban three-wheeler. It has two wheels at the front and one at the back. Looks-wise, it has a fairly conventional face and a streamlined rear end. READ MORE: Electric cars are now £9,000 more expensive after EV grant axing It has been previously described as a more refined version of any urban mobility solutions drivers have seen so far. Kevin Pavlov, CEO of ElectraMeccanica, said: “The way we know travel today is outdated. “Everything, from infrastructure to fuelling, parking and delivery, was built for and around the car instead of people. “As our needs, lifestyles and behaviours change, so too must the way we get around. DON'T MISS James Bond supercars up for auction at Goodwood Festival of Speed [REVEAL] The UK’s most fuel-efficient cars named - Mercedes, Volvo, Volkswagen [INSIGHT] Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station [ADVICE] “At ElectraMeccanica, we’re embracing and building for that long-awaited change – and modernising mobility for what it needs to be today. “I’m immensely looking forward to seeing the UK’s reaction to SOLO first-hand at Goodwood.” The car was produced in Vancouver, Canada. It is coming to Goodwood from the other side of the world and gives spectators a glimpse of the future of urban motoring. The price of the car in America before tax and fees stands at $18,500 (£15,100). The vehicle has a 100-mile range and an 80mph top speed. It can only be charged using a maximum of 110 volts. It takes around 2.5 hours to get to 85 percent. The Festival organisers said: “We wonder whether we’ll see it reach that heady speed when it takes to the Hill. “Yes, alongside its presence in Electric Avenue, it’ll be making runs up the Hill, in the tyre tracks of Le Mans winners, F1 titans and multi-million-pound supercars. If nothing else, we love a bit of variety at FOS. See you there.” The Electric Avenue is a new feature that will be introduced this year. The feature will showcase all things EV with cars presented by marques from all around the world. This will include well-known hatchbacks as well as electric supercars. Spectators will also be able to enjoy a number of interactive features. The exhibition will show off all the latest EVs as well as those that will be launched in the future. Experts will also be available at hand to answer any burning questions about the state of electric motoring. Festival organisers said that they will not reveal the exact details of the exhibition just yet but added that it will involve “city cars, saloons, SUVs, sportscars and hypercars – whatever kind of EV you’re interested in, you’ll be able to see it in Electric Avenue”. The event will also play its part in spreading EV awareness. The organisers said: “The Festival is the greatest celebration of motorsport, automotive culture and future tech there is, and as the UK moves towards a deadline of 2030 for the electrification of all new cars, showcasing and exploring an electric future has never been more important.”