A-Train (played by Jessie T Usher) has been trying to keep it positive in this season of The Boys after debuting a fresh new look and developing some questionable projects for Vought. However, conversations with his brother Nate (played by Keyes) and a confrontation with racist Supe Blue Hawk (Nick Wechsler) could send him into a spiral as the smash hit Amazon Prime Video series continues over the next three weeks. The Seven’s speedster kicked off this season by debuting an African-inspired costume and ramping up his political activism. However, episode five, The Last Time to Look on This World of Lies, quickly proved his shallow gestures won’t be enough to make a difference. “Something that’s very interesting about A-Train is, a lot of times, the decisions that he makes are very surface level,” Jessie told Express.co.uk. “He does not consider the full length of the steps that he’s taking when he steps out on the ledge.” READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna In Friday’s episode of the satirical superhero drama, A-Train wants to better serve his community and demands a public apology from Blue Hawk for over-policing black neighbourhoods. Unfortunately, his statement quickly descended into chaos when his justifications were met with furious responses from the crowd and the Supe turned violent. Nate tragically gets caught in the subsequent brawl, and A-Train is distraught to learn his brother won’t be able to walk again. The Boys star explained: “I feel like this was a perfect example of that.” “He knew that something was wrong, and he kind of wanted to get back in touch with where he came from and the things that matter to him in some form. “His answer is, you know, a new look! He never considered what that would mean.” A-Train began this season with good intentions, but has soon realised he’ll have to do much more if he wants the world’s Supes to change their mindset and really start making a difference. “He never once thought about the community that he’s trying to reach,” Jessie went on. DON'T MISS:Game of Thrones fans slam HBO plans for Jon Snow sequel [REACTION]Naga Munchetty forced to step in after BBC sound issues [VIDEO]Abbott Elementary boss sparks frenzy with season 2 update [LATEST] “And what it would mean to show them some different versions of himself, like how they would receive it. “He never considered those things, and it’s the same thing with his brother.” Thankfully, Nate did manage to escape the brawl with Blue Hawk with his life, and will hopefully continue to offer some sage advice for A-Train’s inner-turmoil. “His brother is a very clear example of that,” Jessie said. “He has multiple conversations with his brother where he says, like, ‘This is what I want to do.’” “‘But have you thought about X, Y and Z?’ He looks to A-Train and A-Train is obviously like, ‘No! I have not actually, and I don’t plan to because I just want to get back in the Seven and get my numbers up.’ That’s basically what it is.” While A-Train’s motives haven’t been the most well-intentioned so far, Nate’s injuries and his experience with Blue Hawk will undoubtedly serve as a wake-up call and could inspire more action in season three’s remaining three episodes. Jessie continued: “But, naturally, he did step off that ledge and now he’s in the deep end of these things; now he has to confront the actual problem. “He cannot just comb over the issue the way that he thought he could, and the way he’s been able to in the past, just finesse his way through things. “It’s not necessarily how it works for him anymore. He’s dug himself into a pretty deep hole, and the only way through it is through it. So, yeah, our guy has got some work ahead of him.” There are just three episodes left of the current season of The Boys, and viewers are surely keeping their fingers crossed for fan-favourite A-Train to make it into the newly confirmed fourth instalment. The Boys season 3 continues Fridays on Amazon Prime Video.