Not only his battle with cancer, which has “fortunately been resolved”, the MP went on to say that he has seen the disease affect some of his other relatives “very dramatically”, prompting his work with the Select Committee which is working to improve cancer survival rates. Hunt admitted that although “they are getting better” there is still an urgent need to “raise money” and “raise awareness”, which he hopes to do when running 5K (3.1 miles) at Stoke Park, Guildford, this summer. The South West Surrey MP shared: “Every member of my family has had cancer. I have had a minor one myself which has fortunately been resolved. “So, it’s touched my family very dramatically and I know it has touched many, many families. “My work on the Select Committee has shown me there are lot of things we can do to improve our cancer survival rates. “They are getting better but the more we can do to raise money and raise awareness, the more lives we’ll save.”  READ MORE: Peter Kay: Comic's 'first hand experience' of 'complex' disease - condition explained  “Jeremy has been an advocate and champion of cancer research, advanced treatments and better patient experiences for many years. “It’s my pleasure to be able to join him at the Race for Life and for us to be taking forward this campaign together to allow the best possible outcomes for cancer patients in the future.” Although not giving any more details on his own battle with cancer, leading charity Cancer Research UK works hard to educate individuals on the potential early warning signs of the disease so cases can be detected early and then treated. The charity explains that there are over 200 different types of cancer that can cause many different symptoms. Cancer Research UK noted: “Sometimes symptoms are linked to certain cancer types. But signs can also be more general, including weight loss, tiredness (fatigue) or unexplained pain.”  Due to the vast amount of cancer types it is impossible to try and remember all the potential signs and symptoms that could occur. However, there are some key warning signs that, when spotted, may lead to early detection. Most cases of cancer develop in individuals aged 50 or over, but the disease can affect someone of any age. Cancer Research UK also notes and encourages the following: “Listen to your body and talk to your doctor if something doesn’t feel quite right.” It is important to note the difference between a sign and a symptom. Both are ways in which the body lets you know of an illness or injury but a sign is often noticed by someone else such as a fever or bleeding and a symptom is more often noticed by the person who has it such as pain or fatigue. Some of the most general cancer symptoms, according to the charity, include the following: 