Mrs Hinch rose to fame after sharing clever cleaning tips and product recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning influencer now has over 4.5 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Inspired by the cleaning guru, fans of hers now regularly take to Facebook pages dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and hacks with one another. One of these hacks includes a 29p method of achieving “softer than ever” towels. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to “soften up” her towels. Loretta Harper wrote: “Can anyone share how to soften up towels when washing them please?” Eventually even the best towels can become stiff, scratchy and not very absorbent. Towels can become hard after washing them if they build up soapy residue and are over-dried. READ MORE: ‘Most underrated’ features that you ‘need’ in your kitchen Loretta’s post was inundated with over 100 comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts ready to share their tips. According to the fans, those who use fabric softener should substitute it for white vinegar for better results. Gail Goddard said: “White vinegar in the final rinse. I never use fabric softener as it adversely affects the cotton ability to absorb.” Tina Clark commented: “The fabric softener stiffens and makes them rough. I use white vinegar. DON'T MISS: Houseplant pests: ‘Effective’ spice trick to deter pests from plants [EXPERT]‘Best time of year’ to fertilise your lawn - ‘boosts the condition’ [INSIGHT]Easy kettle trick to knock £300 off your energy bills each year [TIPS] “They are softer than ever when finished off in the tumble dryer.” Anne Patrick replied: “I put vinegar into the machine, omg it’s a game changer.” Susan Draper wrote: “White vinegar in place of fabric softener, it really works. You’ll have no more crunchy towels, they’ll be so fluffy.” Rite Trammel suggested: “Try a cup of white vinegar in the rinse, skip softener - it builds up a residue that hardens in fabric.” READ MORE: How to remove weeds from patios and pavers - ‘quick and easy’ methods Jacqui Powell agreed: “Use cleaning vinegar instead of softener.” Although using white vinegar to clean towels might sound odd, the acidity of the vinegar works to strip the residue making them fluffy and absorb again. Add one cup of white vinegar into your wash for the best effects. If the treatment does not work after one wash, it may be due to a large build-up of residue on your towels. In this case, you may have to rely on a second wash with white vinegar. This acidic ingredient can be picked up from supermarkets such as Asda and Tesco for 29p. To dry towels, Mrs Hinch fans suggest drying them outside, then adding to the tumble dryer to finish. Anne Ambler said: “I hang mine out until nearly dry then pop them in the drier. It always makes them lovely and soft.” Carol Barber commented: “Dry on the line then finish in the tumble dryer with two ice cubes. Works every time.”