British heavyweight boxer Derek Chisora has warned he would have ‘smashed’ the house up and ‘robbed’ the students who heckled Anthony Joshua, which led to the former world champion entering their place and threatening them. Chisora is currently gearing up to face Kubrat Pulev on July 9. Last month, Joshua received abuse from Loughborough University students as he is using the area as the base of his training camp to prepare for his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk. After they suggested Joshua had a weak jaw and was ducking rival Tyson Fury, the Brit decided to confront them in their residence. Joshua declared ‘none of you will like it’ when he breaks their own glass jaws for speaking to him like that, before warning them that ‘you don’t know who you’re talking to sometimes’. The students can be seen standing awkwardly in silence in the video, clearly intimidated by the two-time heavyweight world champion and what he had to say. Chisora believes Joshua was too lenient amid blatant disrespect from the teenagers. Speaking to talkSPORT on Friday, the 38-year-old said: “I would have done much worse. READ MORE: Hatton thinks Fury will unretire due to 'boils on backside' “No, I wouldn’t have taken my shoes off. I would have smashed the whole house up. I’d have robbed them afterwards as well. “Nobody shouts abuse at me, mate. I give it.” Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn defending him over his actions and claimed the students made several ‘unpleasant’ comments to the 32-year-old. He added: “I think the most remarkable thing was before he entered their apartment, he actually took his shoes off to have the conversation. “A lot of people would have just steamed in. I understand the split opinion on it, but to be honest with you good on him. DON'T MISSFury's coach open to training Justin Bieber as he offers sparringJoshua's new coach claims star is more talented than three main rivalsDaniel Dubois labelled ‘hardest hitting heavyweight’ in world boxing “This is not Twitter, you want to stand there and scream out of a window, abusing someone. By the way it was a bit deeper than 'you've got a glass jaw'. Trust me, there was a lot of unpleasant things said and it got worse and worse.” After years of speculation and simmering tension between the duo, Fury and Joshua’s potential fight last August was cancelled in order for the Gypsy King to finish his epic grudge trilogy with Deontay Wilder. Fury characteristically mocked Joshua for the video with the students by tweeting: “I have this effect on the best of them.” Joshua is going to be back in action this summer as he tries to reclaim his world titles from Usyk in their contracted rematch. The Brit lost his WBA (Super), IBF, WBO and IBO heavyweight titles to the Ukrainian, and he will be desperate to win them back despite losing home advantage with the match slated to go down in Saudi Arabia rather than London. 