 With thousands of drivers now using hypermiling methods to save money on petrol and diesel, one expert is warning motorists to be safe when saving fuel. Rule 122 of the Highway Code deals with coasting, which is a term used to describe a vehicle travelling in neutral or with the clutch pressed down.  It can reduce driver control because engine braking is eliminated, causing the speed of the vehicle when going downhill to increase quickly. Increased use of the footbrake can reduce its effectiveness and steering response will be affected, particularly on bends and corners. It may also be more difficult to select the appropriate gear when needed. Failure to have proper control of a vehicle can result in a potential fine of £1,000 or even discretionary disqualification. READ MORE: New law will force homes to have an electric car charger next week  John Wilmot, chief executive at LeaseLoco, explained: “Coasting is no longer beneficial to energy efficiency due to the fuel system in the majority of modern cars. “When we drive downhill in gear our engine ECU detects that the accelerator isn’t engaged and cuts fuel from going into the fuel injectors. “We use no fuel or very little when driving downhill in gear. However, when we drive downhill in neutral our engine and wheels become disconnected. “This forces a small amount of fuel to be sent to the engine due to the car not receiving the rotational power it needs from the wheels, instead of drawing that power directly from the wheels.” DON'T MISSElectric car drivers report staggering change in driving attitudes [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of massive £2,500 fines for having Jubilee decorations [WARNING]EU car ban: MEPs vote to ban all petrol and diesel car sales [IMPORTANT] DON'T MISSElectric car drivers report staggering change in driving attitudes [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of massive £2,500 fines for having Jubilee decorations [WARNING]EU car ban: MEPs vote to ban all petrol and diesel car sales [IMPORTANT]  As fuel prices continue to break records, petrol has reached a staggering average price of 182.31p per litre. This is an increase of almost 18p in just a month, with diesel also hitting a new record cost, setting drivers back 188.05p per litre. Because of this, it now costs more than £100 to fill an average 55-litre tank of petrol. Edmund King, AA President, said: “Enough is enough. The Government must act urgently to reduce the record fuel prices which are crippling the lives of those on lower incomes, rural areas and businesses.  “A fuel price stabiliser is a fair means for the Treasury to help regulate the pump price but alongside this they need to bring in more fuel price transparency to stop the daily rip-offs at the pumps. “The £100 tank is not sustainable with the general cost of living crisis so the underlying issues need to be addressed urgently.” Two percent of low-income households will have to sell their car and not replace it because of costs, with more than a quarter cutting back on their food bills. Almost a quarter of low-income drivers are buying less fuel for their car and 11 percent are now using public transport instead.  Two-fifths of all drivers (39 percent) are closely watching the MPG figures their car displays. Luke Bosdet, the AA’s fuel prices spokesperson, said the £100 petrol tank has been “dreaded” and is “particularly nasty” for workers after the Jubilee weekend. He added: “The more than 8p-a-litre leap in average petrol costs over a week has been a huge shock but at least, for now, the threat of the £2-a-litre average on forecourts has receded. “Meanwhile, the Government indicated that it was listening to the AA’s call for the type of price transparency that has spurred competition in Northern Ireland, and has driven fairer pump prices on the Continent for years.” The Government has indicated that it is looking at the AA’s call for the type of pump price transparency that has helped drivers in Northern Ireland, and has been long established in many European countries.