The man, dressed in black, was seen picking up the dog in Hednesford, Staffordshire. The incident was captured by the dashcam of a passing motorist at around 6.10pm on June 6. At first, the man is seen bending down and picking up the animal in the distance.  As the car passes, the man appears to be holding the dog around its throat. The video surfaced on social media and has reportedly prompted numerous calls to Staffordshire Police. The motorist, who wished to remain anonymous, told Birmingham Live: "It looks like he picked up the dog by its throat. It is horses for courses - whether it was its neck or throat or whatever. I don't think you are supposed to pick up animals by the neck and throat. In comments on Facebook, people are saying 'the scruff of the neck'. But it didn't look like the scruff of the neck - to me, the scruff of the neck is the back of the neck. Other comments were saying 'you are not supposed to pick adult dogs up by the scruff of the neck'. "I'm not a dog owner, I don't own any animals, I'm out of the equation as to how you pick up a dog - but to me, that was quite disturbing. "From the comments that I have had on Facebook, a lot of other people think the same. It was rather concerning when I did see that. "Whether it was a malicious thing he thought he was going to do, or if it was for a reason, I honestly don't know.  "I don't know why he was carrying it by the neck and I don't know what happened when I went past him." He added: "It made me angry. I am not an animal keeper but you wouldn't grab your kid by the neck and pick him, or her, up. So you wouldn't expect that for an animal. You just can't do those sort of things, it is just wrong, cruel." The motorist said he was aware that "quite a few people" have reported the incident to the police. In response, a Staffordshire Police spokesperson said: "Police were notified of a video circulating on social media on Sunday (June 12) whereby a man with a dog was recorded in Hednesford. "The man has come forward to officers and a referral has been made to the RSPCA." The RSPCA confirmed it has been contacted over the matter. A spokesperson said: "We are so grateful to people who report suspected animal suffering to us and we would like to reassure people we will always look into and, if necessary, investigate any complaints made to us about animal welfare." 