  Rita Moreno, 90, discussed the moment Marlon Brando sent her to have an abortion when she became pregnant while the two were dating. Abortion only became legalised across American in 1973, which meant women were forced to resort to unsafe measures if they wished to pursue the procedure.     Yesterday, the US Supreme Court overturned the 1973 landmark Roe v Wade decision, meaning that some states will be able to limit a woman’s right to have an abortion. Rita was in a relationship with the late Godfather actor Marlon for eight years after the pair met in 1954 on the set of Napoleon biopic, Désirée. The Westside Story actress detailed her horrific botched abortion shortly after Roe v Wade had been overturned yesterday. “Marlon found a doctor through some friends,” she said. READ MORE: Harry Gration dead: BBC journalist dies aged 71     “He was a real doctor – Marlon paid him $500 – as opposed to something in a back alley.” Rita remembered how she had been left bleeding after the procedure because the doctor hadn’t performed a full abortion. “Marlon took me to the hospital. I had what they told me was a ‘disturbed pregnancy’,” she added to Variety. “The doctor didn’t do anything really, except make me bleed. In other words, he didn’t do it right.     “I didn’t know it then, but I could have died. What a mess. What a dreadful mess,” she added gravely. Rita went on to suggest she could see things “going back to back alleys” in the wake of the Supreme Court’s decision. She continued: “I’m really nervous and frightened and horrified that this is taking place. I can’t believe that some of those people are telling us what to do with our bodies." The actress added that although she “saw it coming”, the outcome had still left her “stunned”. READ MORE... Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux [LATEST] Dame Deborah James' fearless efforts as she plans out final days [UPDATE] Monty Don in woeful farewell before Gardeners' World is pulled off air [NEWS]     Rita first disclosed her abortion in her 2011 book Rita Moreno: A Memoir, and again in her 2021 documentary Rita Moreno: Just a Girl Who Decided to Go for it. Many other celebrities have spoken out against the Supreme Court’s decision, which has set women’s abortion rights back by almost 50 years. Billie Eilish even took time out of her Glastonbury headlining set yesterday to address the controversial news. The singer said: “The song we’re about to do is I think one of the favourites that we’ve written and it’s about the concept of power and how we need to always remember how not to abuse it.     “And today is a really, really dark day for women in the US. I’m just going to say that as I cannot bear to think about it any longer at this moment.” Taylor Swift tweeted: “I’m absolutely terrified that this is where we are - that after so many decades of people fighting for women’s rights to their own bodies, today’s decision has stripped us of that.” Oscar-winning Actress Viola Davis stated: “And so it goes….Gutted. “Now more than ever we have to use our voice and power! WE the people.” If you have been affected by this story, advice and support can be found at Sands. You can call them on 0808 164 3332 or email helpline@sands.org.uk.   