When Leaha Ureel, 22, realised she wanted to be a housewife and be provided for, she broke up with her partner Alan Ureel, 23. The couple rekindled their relationship a couple of months later when Alan, a contractor, "stepped up to her standards". The pair are now happily married. Leaha has strict demands for their dates - such as expecting her chair to be pulled out for her, her wine to be poured and for the bill to always be covered by her other half. She is also sharing some of her "red flags" to look for if other women are looking for a provider in a relationship. These include them not tipping the waiter, commenting on prices or underdressing. Leaha, from Sterling Heights, Michigan, US, said: "Alan and I first met when we were young, and I then realised that I wanted to be provided for. "He stepped up - now he arranges and takes me for dates at least twice a week. "He always pays and pulls my chair out for me. I love to cook, and we go for coffee dates together. "I love being a housewife and I want others to know that it is OK to aspire to have this lifestyle. It's like being a stay-at-home mum - just without the kids." Leaha realised she did not want to spend her life working after finishing college and picking up a job as a waitress at a restaurant. "I wanted time for myself and to have someone to provide for me," Leaha said. "Alan wasn't able to provide for me at that point so we broke up. But a couple of months later we got back together, and he promised to provide for me." Alan set up a home renovation business to be able to support Leah and give her the lifestyle she desired. "Now I go for walks with the dogs and spends lots of my time cooking," she said. "We get to travel and Alan is flexible with his work so we can go for coffee during the day. "I like him to take initiative and book a restaurant for a meal or choose what we are doing." Now married, Leaha loves all the chivalrous acts her husband does for her. "He always gets doors for me, or pours my wine or pulls my chair out," she said. "He does it without asking. He's a real gentleman." Leaha is now sharing her tips and red flags for women who want to have a lifestyle like hers. "I don't think there should be shame over wanting to be a stay-at-home girlfriend or wife," she said.  "It's your life so you choose how you would like to live it. I'm married now but I wouldn't date someone who doesn't pay the bill or pours the wine. "It's a red flag if they don't tip the waitress or underdress. I think it's bad if they reschedule last minute or comment on prices. I'm not ashamed to be a stay-at-home wife."