Today's Epsom Derby is one of the biggest days in the racing calendar and has this year coincided with the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend celebrations. The Queen is a lover of horses and was due to have one horse racing in this afternoon's event - despite not being able to attend herself. The Queen's horse Just Fine was due participate in today's penultimate race - the World Pool Northern Dancer Handicap - however, it has been pulled from competing. With four days packed full of activities to commemorate her 70 years on the throne, unfortunately, the Queen will not be in attendance at today's Epsom Derby. The 96-year-old has been experiencing episodic mobility problems and has pulled out of attending the races and Friday's thanksgiving service after "discomfort" during Trooping the Colour on Thursday. Instead, Princess Anne will represent the Queen at Epsom Downs today. Read More: Queen may miss Epsom Derby to attend Lilibet's first birthday party This is only the third time the Queen has missed the Derby in all her 70 years on the throne. Instead, the Queen will be watching the event from the comfort of Windsor Castle. Phil White, London regional director for The Jockey Club, said on Friday: "It is a rare occasion that the Queen is unable to join us at Epsom Downs but we are delighted she plans to enjoy Derby Day on television. "We have big plans to celebrate Her Majesty's contribution to horseracing and the nation, and these will continue in full tomorrow. "The Derby is a unique race and we are looking forward to welcoming people in their thousands to help us create a spectacular carnival atmosphere." More than 100,000 racegoers are expected at Epsom Downs today, but if you haven't bagged a ticket you can watch the races live from the comfort of your home. ITV1 will be showing the Derby and four other races. Coverage begins on ITV1 at 12.40pm. You can watch live via ITV Hub or channel 103 on Sky, Freeview, Freesat and Virgin Media. Racing TV will show all the events from Epsom, including all seven races and the build-up. You need to be a subscriber to Racing TV to access the live stream via its website and app. The full schedule of the Epsom Derby is as follows