Formula 1 veteran Felipe Massa has encouraged Daniel Ricciardo to rise above the scrutiny he's encountered after failing to impress at McLaren. The former Red Bull man moved to Woking in 2021 but has mustered just a single podium finish for the manufacturer in 29 race starts. That lack of results hasn't gone unnoticed, either, after McLaren chief executive officer Zak Brown hinted there were "mechanisms" that could allow for Ricciardo to move on this summer. The Australian has even been faced with speculation regarding retirement, though he's said such talk only makes him want to succeed more. And Massa has put his faith in Ricciardo to bounce back following a difficult 18 months. Having endured rough patches of his own while racing for Ferrari, Williams and Sauber, the Brazilian called on McLaren's man to rise above the hate. “I think when you are at the level of Daniel Ricciardo, he’s an amazing driver, the level he has as a driver is really high, he’s unbelievable, so he cannot be worried for this talk,” Massa told F1TV during the Monaco post-race show. “Because this talk is small compared to what he can do on the track, so you need to concentrate on what you need to do on the track, you need to concentrate on ‘if I have the contract or not for next year, it doesn’t matter’. READ MORE: Red Bull chief Christian Horner makes Sergio Perez pledge as star threatens Max Verstappen  “You need to put that inside. This is not the problem to worry [about], the problem is different, it is to understand how to be happy and how to enjoy, to give the result.” Ricciardo's best finish so far this season was a run to sixth in Melbourne, having failed to finish higher than 12th in every other race. Lando Norris currently sits seventh in the drivers' standings, meanwhile, four places and 37 points ahead of his team-mate. Massa went on to say Ricciardo needs to start competing with a smile on his face once again, having seemingly lost a lot of his ability to enjoy the sport. He highlighted that aspect of revelling in one's work, a sensation he's confident Ricciardo can recapture. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton makes strong claim amid ongoing Mercedes misery - 'we could get it wrong'Ferrari left furious over five-figure Monaco GP fine amid Carlos Sainz's 'dangerous' claimCharles Leclerc disagrees with Lewis Hamilton as Mercedes star's woes continue   “And you know George Russell was saying [in Monaco] ‘I’m happy, I’m enjoying, things are easy,'" added the South American. "You need to be happy, you need to enjoy the relationship with the team. And maybe he [Ricciardo] is just needing to get the smile back and enjoy.” Ricciardo will look to give his season a lift and convince bosses when the season resumes with the Azerbaijan Grand Prix on June 12. His hopes of doing so look positive considering he won the inaugural race in Baku back in 2017, though confidence (or a lack thereof) could prove crucial on this occasion.