David Beckham has taken to Instagram to pay tribute to the Queen ahead of the Platinum Jubilee weekend. The footballing star, 47, shared a series of photos of the monarch as he praised her for her "inspirational leadership" before adding that he can't wait to celebrate with a "great British party".  In view of his 73 million followers, the footballing legend penned a brilliant tribute to the monarch  David wrote: “Today, we celebrate our Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. 70 years of service and inspirational leadership of our country.  “Let’s come together and commemorate her remarkable reign with a great British party these next few days.”  He also shared the snap on Facebook, where he added in the comments he added: “Have a wonderful day everyone!” READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo Fans rushed to the comments to share their thoughts on the jubilee and give their well wishes. Janette Galloway wrote: “I’m so so proud to be celebrating with friends and family for our queens platinum jubilee … “We are so fortunate to have such a wonderful and dedicated lady who has given us all 70 fantastic years … “I wish you many wonderful years our queen. Xx” (sic) Kamila Taha said: “I’m from Syria. I’m so impressed with her majesty “Hope her long and happy age. Happy birthday our Queen.” Muthu Krishnan Veerasamy said: “Queen Elizabeth II has been an inspiration to all the peace loving people around the World. “Her 70 years in the throne celebrating the "Platinum Jubilee" is a wonderful achievement. Congratulations and God bless her.” DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) Kathryn Burrett commented: “Excited about the Platinum Jubilee Celebrations this weekend. “The Queen has certainly given her life for Our Country. I am amazed at this wonderful woman, wife, mother, grandmother and great grandmother but still being an inspiration to us all.” It comes after many Royal fans camped out in the rain in order to see the Queen take to the balcony today. Tents began appearing on the road to Buckingham Palace on Monday. Maria Scott, 51, travelled nearly 300 miles from Newcastle to meet up with her lifelong friend and fellow royalist, John Loughery, 67. They decorated their tents with Union Jack towels and flags - and a life-size cardboard cutout of the Queen. Maria told the Daily Express last week: "I arrived here on Monday and set everything up. If you want to get a good spot, you have to get down here early. "I went to William and Kate's wedding, I went to the Lindo Wing for every one of the children being born - and I was here for Harry and Meghan's wedding."