Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has personally contacted Raheem Sterling as part of his bid to sign the England international, according to reports. The Blues are looking to spruce up their squad and attacking options ahead of the 2022/23 season, when they will attempt to hunt down Premier League champions Manchester City and Liverpool. It's been a challenging year for the German and his side, who have had to deal with a number of difficult issues away from the field of play but now Todd Boehly's takeover is complete, the Blues are ready to make a statement in the transfer market. City have already landed Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez, while a deal for Kalvin Phillips is also understood to be close. Liverpool have also secured the services of Darwin Nunez from Benfica. Now Chelsea are looking to up the ante with Sterling top of their summer shortlist. According to The Telegraph, Tuchel has now reached out to Sterling as part of his charm offensive for the 27-year-old - with a bid at the ready. READ MORE: Chelsea 'could offer Leeds target' in Raphinha swap deal proposal to pip Arsenal to deal City are seeking to demand up to £60m for the four-time Premier League winner, who is expected to depart the Etihad Stadium this summer. Chelsea are reportedly ready to test the water with an offer in the region of £50m and there's a feeling a deal is there to be done for Sterling. Pep Guardiola's side have already agreed a £45m deal with Arsenal for Gabriel Jesus to balance the books and the Brazilian is expected to complete his move to north London next week. Tuchel wants to overhaul his attack with Romelu Lukaku set to re-join Inter Milan on loan following his disastrous £97.5m club-record return to Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony Hakim Ziyech is also expected to depart with AC Milan among those interested in the Moroccan. Sterling is deemed the perfect replacement given his wealth of experience. He is also a proven winner having won 10 trophies at City. Timo Werner is also heading for the exit door and he could be used as makeweight in a deal for Matthijs de Ligt. The German's agent has already held talks with Juventus over his client earlier this summer. Everton striker Richarlison is also on Tuchel's radar and he is expected to leave Goodison Park to pursue a new challenge. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer Everton striker Richarlison is also on Tuchel's radar and he is expected to leave Goodison Park to pursue a new challenge. Tottenham are also in contention for the Brazilian international, who is valued at over £60m. Barcelona's Ousmane Dembele is another player of interest as he continues to discuss a new contract with Barcelona. Chelsea are yet to make a final decision on the future of Armando Broja, who is attracting interest from West Ham and Newcastle. Ideally, Tuchel wants to run the rule over the Albanian frontman before deciding whether to keep, loan or sell him. Tottenham are also in contention for the Brazilian international, who is valued at over £60m. Barcelona's Ousmane Dembele is another player of interest as he continues to discuss a new contract with Barcelona. Chelsea are yet to make a final decision on the future of Armando Broja, who is attracting interest from West Ham and Newcastle. Ideally, Tuchel wants to run the rule over the Albanian frontman before deciding whether to keep, loan or sell him.