Brian Cox’s acclaimed television performance has already landed him several major awards and nominations, including a Golden Globe for the first season of Succession. With at least one more season of the HBO smash hit on the way, Brian’s co-star J Smith-Cameron has revealed what it’s like to act opposite the star of stage and screen taking on one of his most iconic roles. The actress best known as Waystar-Royco’s general counsel Gerri Kellman called Brian “scary” and “terrifying” to work with. Thankfully, Gerri is more than capable of standing up to his impossible demands and tantrums as one of the company’s best assets. Even so, the Waystar fixer opened up a can of worms last season when her illicit quasi-affair with Logan’s son Roman (Kieran Culkin) was unveiled in one of the most awkward moments in Succession history. Season four, which is headed into production soon, could make or break Gerri, but Smith-Cameron is still confident in the interim CEO’s ability to stand up to her tyrannical boss. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement “To my knowledge, she is maybe the only person to have yelled at Logan Roy and got her way,” she explained. The Roy family was left in tatters at the end of season three following the exile of Logan’s oldest son, Kendall (Jeremy Strong). With Shiv (Sarah Snook) still vying for the CEO position, the Roy childrens’ revolt against Logan blew up in their faces in spectacular fashion in Succession’s season three finale. The Waystar heirs finally witnessed the full extent of their father’s fury, which their co-star revealed can sometimes feel all too real when Brian is on set. “Well, he’s scary,” Smith-Cameron told GoldDerby. “But I’m also so fond of him. He’s a great guy, and an actor’s actor.” Scottish star Brian has been in the business for well over 50 years, making him by far one of the most experienced members of the Succession cast. Beginning his career as a Shakespearean stage actor, his breakout came when he portrayed the first screen version of Hannibal Lector in the 1986 film Manhunter. He has since appeared in popular films such as Zodiac, X-Men 2, Braveheart, The Bourne Identity and Her. On television, Brain has portrayed Death in Good Omens, the Ood Elder in Doctor Who and appeared in the BBC’s epic adaptation of War and Peace. DON'T MISS:Stranger Things theory: Vecna kills Eleven in foreshadowing clue [THEORY]Outlander star worlds away from Jamie Fraser in new role [LATEST]The Boys’ Victoria Neuman star pays tribute to newcomer [EXCLUSIVE] Smith-Cameron praised the star: “He’s a thespian. He really relishes… What makes a scene great is conflict. “So, even though your character is dreading the conflict, the actor in you is relishing it.” While Logan is arguably scarier than some of Brian’s famous villainous roles, the cast relish the opportunity to go toe-to-toe with one of TV’s worst fathers. “It’s what makes the scene, right?” the actress added. “Otherwise, there’d be no drama in it. “He’s wonderful to act in scenes with, but he’s a little terrifying!” Season four of Succession is reportedly starting filming later this month, so, hopefully, it won’t be long before fans get their first details of Logan’s next twisted schemes. Succession seasons 1-3 are available to stream on HBO Max in the US and NOW in the UK.