The Prime Minister survived an attempt by his own MPs to get him booted from Number 10 after he won a confidence vote. But on the streets of Nottingham, voters insisted this did NOT mean he has been let off the hook and he must now do more, in fact, to convince them over rising inflation and living costs. Local authority worker Darren urged Whitehall to lower fuel duty to help suffering Britons, as many petrol stations are now charging £2 or more a litre, taking the cost of a tank of petrol to £100 for the first time. He told Express.co.uk: “The Government is making quite a bit of money from this increased petrol cost.” Darren added Mr Johnson could also “take off VAT from other things that are needed”, noting: “That would really help the purse strings in most people’s families and help them feed the kids.” He also said that if the Prime Minister’s administration was “a little more creative”, it could introduce measures that would make a “major impact” – “we could be doing more to help people put food on the table”, he insisted, “but we’re not doing it”. Retired market trader Richie Elliot, 73, pointed out young Britons are being denied an opportunity to make their own way because of the ongoing crisis. He said: “I’ve had a brilliant time in Nottingham. I made a lot of money when I was young – at 27 I worked in the markets. “Now there’s not much chance to do anything.” Pensioner Barbara Finch said simply: “I think it’s doing to get worse", as she pondered the cost of living. Frustration on the streets over Mr Johnson’s policy agenda did not end there. A visually impaired wheelchair user told Express.co.uk of her “inconsistent” and insufficient receipt of care from a company accredited by the local council and working in partnership with the NHS. Often, her carers call in sick, and when they do, there is no cover. Staff say they are under too much pressure, but she believes “that’s not my problem”, noting: “I don’t feel as though I’m getting my money’s worth.” The young woman, who didn't want to be identified, said: “I blame Boris Johnson for not doing enough. He should pay more in to social care. I feel that this should be a priority.” She was fearful of being “struck off” by her care provider for speaking out if she was named. READ MORE: Voters ‘fed up’ with waiting for politician whose fit to lead The lack of care was not merely an inconvenience but is making her “struggle to sleep at night”. She has become more “anxious” and added: “I don’t feel like I’ve got anyone by my side.” She added the government "uses Covid as an excuse sometimes" for issues delivering good policies. Regardless of the “excuses”, she added: “I feel like my quality of like is really being impacted.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Voters who expressed support for the Prime Minister found it much easier to find praise about his personality than his policies. One pensioner, Pamela celebrated the fact “he has a lot of charisma”. Sandra agreed: “I like him because he’s jovial.” Few also expressed any hope that Sir Keir Starmer would do a better job were he to occupy Number 10. But for others, this was merely academic. Far more important for the disabled lady was the fact “I don’t know which way to turn”. The young man helping her voluntarily that day mused: “You can judge a society by how it treats its weakest.” It took little prompting to hear a verdict: “Obviously in this case, they’re not during a very good job.”