Liverpool remain in contact over a deal for Aberdeen full-back Calvin Ramsay, who they will look to make their second signing of a busy summer. The Reds are continuing to spin several plates after already wrapping up a deal for Fulham youngster Fabio Carvalho. Liverpool are also juggling negotiations with Bayern Munich over the future of Sadio Mane. The Senegal international was the subject of an opening offer from the Bavarians in recent days but the bid - worth £21m plus £4m in add-ons - was turned away by Liverpool. Bayern are expected to return with a second offer in the coming days but in the background, Liverpool are working on another signing. According to Fabrizio Romano, contacts are ongoing behind the scenes for Scotland youngster Ramsay. READ MORE: Liverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star Raphinha He tweeted: "Contacts are still ongoing between Liverpool and Calvin Ramsay's camp. He's considered an opportunity, still waiting to progress in talks with Aberdeen. "Ramsay would be more than happy to join Liverpool, up to the clubs." The Times are also reporting that Liverpool are looking to wrap up a deal this week. The 18-year-old right-back would be expected to provide cover for Trent Alexander-Arnold. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star RaphinhaLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting His arrival could also spell the end of Neco Williams' time at Anfield following an impressive loan spell with Fulham. The Cottagers are yet to return for the Wales international, who helped his country qualify for the World Cup in Qatar on Sunday with victory over Ukraine. Liverpool would be looking for around £10m in order to agree to a deal. The Champions League finalists are expected to open the bidding for Ramsay in due course. An offer of around £4m is expected from the Reds and Aberdeen are ready to sell in order to overhaul their squad. Ramsay played 24 times in the Scottish Premiership last season, scoring one goal. Bologna and Leeds have also shown interest but Ramsay now looks set to complete his dream switch to Anfield. The potential signing would be one for the future, although first-team opportunities could await Ramsay next season.