Prince Albert and Princess Charlene of Monaco arrived in Oslo, Norway on Wednesday to attend the opening of the exhibition "Sailing the Sea of Science" at the Fram Museum. King Harald and Queen Sonja hosted a lunch for Prince Albert, Princess Charlene and their twins Hereditary Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella at Bygdø Royal Farm in Oslo. Crown Prince Haakon, Crown Princess Mette-Marit and Princess Märtha Louise were also present at the lunch.  The couple, who have been married since 2011, was photographed at the event sharing a kiss. The pose looked slightly awkward with their heads turned away from each other, leaving some distance between them. Judi James, a body language expert, exclusively analysed the photo for Express.co.uk. She also compared it to a family group shot of the Monegasque Royal Family, where they looked radiant and happy.  Judi said: “Their group pose with their children does include some more synchronized body language than we have seen for quite a while. “Both stood so close their inner arms or torsos appear to be pressed together, even though Charlene has angled her head in the opposite direction,” the expert noted. How did this compare to the couple’s kiss? Judi opined: “But the kiss looks far less well-executed.  “However much fans want to see the couple connecting happily again, this self-conscious-looking pose does little to help apart from as an intentional gesture. “I.e., a ritual that at least suggests both of them are keen to register some levels of unity and affection.” What is it about the pose that makes it look “awkward”? Judi claimed: “Their torsos look awkward and Charlene’s hand does little more than touch Albert’s back.  “Both appear to have puckered for the kiss but it’s a polite-looking pucker, suggesting this was a greeting or a farewell ritual.” The Princess of Monaco was recently in South Africa recovering from various infections and is now appearing to be on the mend. Judi added: “There have been so many rumours around this couple and Charlene has clearly suffered from ill-health. “So it might be wise for fans to not invest too much in any body language poses yet as the pressure to perform for the cameras can become defeatist in itself,” she suggested.  Prince Albert opened the exhibit which honours his ancestor, Prince Albert I. He also had help cutting the official ribbon from his son. They were joined by the ancestors of some of those who joined Prince Albert I on his exploration of the Arctic. Young Gabriella and Jacques were later seen enjoying the exhibition and learning about the exploration. 