Having spent yesterday attending the Spanish Association Against Cancer headquarters, today, the First Lady of America and the Queen of Spain joined forces once again, this time to visit a Ukrainian refugee centre in Madrid. Jill Biden was spotted on the streets of Spain doing a little shopping yesterday afternoon, in a beautiful pink floral dress. Today, she kept with the floral theme but opted for a navy short-sleeved dress and heels. Jill chose a dress by designer Oscar De La Renta for today’s appearance. It is navy, with large a floral display across the middle. The dress featured short sleeves, a split jewel neck and a pleated skirt that landed below the knee. The product description explains: “Colorful pansies sprawl across this tonal floral-jacquard of this midi tailored with precise seams that release at the skirt for a stunning silhouette.” READ MORE: Jill Biden turns heads in pink dress and espadrilles in Madrid It is currently available to buy on Nordstrom for £3,020.81. On her feet were a pair of navy suede court shoes. Jill accessorised with a variety of gold jewellery. Thick gold hoops in a medium-size were worn on her ears, while several gold chains were layered around her neck. On her wrist was a small gold watch and bracelet. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Couple shed 27st after fears they were going to die [INTERVIEW]Food storage hack: How to keep celery crunchy for 4 weeks [GUIDE]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £12k to double overall value [VIDEO] Photographs showed Queen Letizia meeting Finnegan and Maisy Biden, Jill’s granddaughters. The Spanish Queen embraced the young ladies and the briefly shared a conversation together. Jill told Queen Letizia yesterday about her granddaughters coming on the trip to Spain with her. The First Lady said: “I brought my two granddaughters. READ MORE: Queen dons two 'jewelled badges' with 'sentimental value' in Scotland  “We stayed up and, you know, had a glass of wine,” the Daily Mail reports. The Biden family’s visit to Spain comes ahead of the annual NATO summit, which is being held in Madrid this week. President Joe Biden is set to arrive in Madrid this afternoon. One of the main talking points in the summit is said to be the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Jill has a colourful wardrobe for her visit to Spain. She kicked things off with a beautiful matching red jacket and skirt. The jacket had gold button details and she paired it with a pair of nude heels.