F1 returns to Canada this weekend for the first time since 2019. The Circuit Gilles Villeneuve has not been able to host races in recent years due to the Covid crisis, but the iconic track is back once again. All eyes will be on Montreal as Max Verstappen looks to extend his lead at the top of the standings. The F1 calendar has seen plenty of new venues in recent years, mostly as a result of Covid. The Algarave Circuit in Portimao, Portugal, made its debut in 2020 and even returned in 2021. And last season saw Saudi Arabia enter the world of F1 along with Qatar's Losail International Circuit. This year, fans have already been treated to a new circuit at the Miami Grand Prix, and the US is also preparing for another race in Las Vegas next year. With F1's stock only growing, other countries and venues are keen to get in on the act. Where could the sport head to in the future? In January, Colombia's president Ivan Duque revealed the country is looking at putting forward a proposal for hosting a grand prix. He suggested that a semi-urban track could be built in the port city of Barranquilla, on the north coast of Colombia. Mr Duque said at the time: “Dreams, as a team, we are capable of making them come true. “Mayor Pumarejo says there is an option to present a project to have a Formula 1 circuit. “That seems far away, but the mayor has already been in talks with the Formula 1 team. “Adaptations have to be made, but it can be a semi-urban circuit on a layout that will be reviewed by the organisers. READ MORE: F1 news LIVE: Toto Wolff has Mercedes promise, Russell's new target, “Given it is a sporting proposal, the mayor has our support.” One country that is a lot closer to a deal is South Africa. After last week's Azerbaijan Grand Prix, F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali flew straight to South Africa for talks over the potential return. Lewis Hamilton has been one of the most vocal advocates of a race at Kyalami, situated north of Johannesburg. The venue hosted F1 races between 1967 and 1985, and again in 1992 and 1993, and could return to the calendar as early as next year according to reports. Germany is a country synonymous with motorsport thanks to legends such as Michael Schumacher and Sebastian Vettel. The Nurburgring is also one of the most famous tracks in the world, and could once again host races in the future. Track officials said in January that they are open to discussions with F1 CEO Mr Domenicali. A race was last held at the German track in 2020 when the Eifel Grand Prix replaced one of the cancelled events during the pandemic. DON'T MISSFIA's stance on Mercedes complaints amid Horner's 'bitching' claim [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen warned after brutal reaction to Charles Leclerc failure [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton backed to be 'different beast' by George Russell [INSIGHT] Mr Domenicali said last year there “should be an open discussion to sound out how Formula 1 can return to Germany”. But the F1 CEO also added: “Unfortunately, I don’t see any real interest from Germany in becoming part of the Formula 1 calendar again. That’s a shame and actually hard to believe. I hope this will change again in the future.” Nurburgring officials responded to these comments, saying that they are planning to bid for the German Grand Prix to return to the track, but only under “economically sensible” conditions. Last November, it was reported that the UK could host a second F1 race. Silverstone is a staple of the calendar, but the Daily Mail reported that that US investment firm 777 Partners were in talks to host a race in the UK's capital. The proposed circuit is said to be located in east London. Josh Waters from 777 partners was quoted as saying: “We are hopeful that it is coming. We are hugely excited about it. “There will be an electric atmosphere as the greatest athletes in the world, along with an international fanbase and the world’s largest companies as sponsors, descend on the Docks for race weekend. “More importantly, we will build a world-class sports and entertainment complex that can serve the community year-round and revitalise the surrounding areas. "It is the type of thing you really can't quantify until it actually happens, but the impact is dramatic." London Mayor Sadiq Khan appeared to back the idea, saying in a statement at the time: "London is always open to hosting the world's biggest and best sport events - from the final of UEFA Euro 2020 to the NFL, and the Cricket World Cup to Major League Baseball. "The Mayor believes that it should be possible to organise a race in London in the future and has asked his team to explore options with F1."