Barcelona are considering a swoop for Manchester City star Bernardo Silva. According to reports, the Portuguese has informed the club of his desire to leave the Etihad to join the Spanish giants.  The feeling is mutual at the Nou Camp, with Barca already lining up a potential deal for Bernardo in the eventual sale of Frenkie De Jong. Manchester United have expressed their interest in the former Ajax man and given their current financial situation, it would be the only way to sign the Portuguese. City are willing to let the midfielder go and would only initiate talks if a valuable offer comes in. But as it stands, the club are currently waiting on a proposal. On Monday, Guardiola and City representatives will travel to Catalonia to discuss a friendly game between Barcelona and City that is set to take place at the Nou Camp on August 24. The fundraiser game is being played in support of former Barca coach Juan Carlos Unzue who is suffering with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez It will also give the Catalan side an opportunity to discuss a potential deal for Bernardo, despite him still having three years left on his current City contract. Since his £43million move from Monaco in 2017, the 27-year-old has made over 250 appearances in a Citizen shirt. Bernardo’s ability to play either out wide or as an attacking midfielder is an element that appeals for Barca boss Xavi who rebuilds his squad. Meanwhile, De Jong continues to be linked with a move to Old Trafford as a top priority for Erik ten Hag. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagThree players want to join Man Utd this summerWhy Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen  The 25-year-old has been identified as a principal summer target to command midfield, an area that has been an issue for some time now. The Red Devils have already submitted an offer of £56m, but Barca is demanding a higher value.   United are not going to give up on their pursuit that easily, however, as reports suggest a second bid could happen this week. The club CEO Richard Arnold who met up with fans on Sunday, ensured the club is doing “everything possible” to land the Dutchman.   The club CEO Richard Arnold who met up with fans on Sunday, ensured the club is doing “everything possible” to land the Dutchman. He said: "As a club we're doing everything possible to get the deal done, I've been up for days trying to get it done, the money is there but there's things standing in our way which I can't say." Although reports suggest De Jong would prefer to stay at the Nou Camp, Barca are willing to let him go for the right price to land Bernardo. That would soften the impact of losing De Jong.