Liam O’Rourke sold his games console and PSVR headset to two separate customers on eBay and left the tech off at his nearest drop-off point for delivery company Evri, formerly called Hermes. However, the people he had sold the devices to contacted Liam to say they actually received an ASOS T-shirt and Boohoo jacket respectively. Liam has had to pay back the buyers and has been embroiled in a lengthy battle with Evri to get it to refund the items. While Liam has since had the PS4 refunded, the company insisted the VR headset was not covered as it contained a camera. After negotiating with Evri, Liam has been told he will receive this refund by the end of the week but he's hit out at the delivery service, saying it needs to get on top of the issue. Speaking to Surrey Live, Liam said: "The guy who brought the PS4 said 'where's my PS4' I said 'well, I've sent it'. I logged onto my Evri app and saw the parcel was a bit misshapen by the person's feet. I said to him it's been delivered and he said 'why have you sent a jacket?'. "Both of the buyers thought it was me pulling a fast one. I had to justify myself and say to them 'look guys this has happened to people in Sheffield and London, this isn't me'. Both of them were saying it was for their sons while one missed a birthday and had to buy another one. "They were both really cross. I was trying to get the money from Evri so I wasn't out of pocket but eBay just took the money. I was out of pocket in the region of £250. I was planning to use the money to pay for some decorating at home and instead I had to shuffle money around to make that payment."  Liam, from Woking, Surrey, said he will no longer be using Evri's services again and said he is prepared to pay extra for what, in his opinion, is Royal Mail's more reliable service. He continued: "Everything they said was trying to get out the way of paying the claim, that was their motivation rather than just looking out for me. I'm definitely not going to be using Evri again, I will be telling everyone else not to use them as well." A spokesperson for Evri said: "We successfully deliver 700 million parcels each year and occasionally sometimes things do go wrong. We’ve spoken to the customer and a goodwill gesture has already been paid."