Andy (played by Kelvin Fletcher) has been mentioned a couple of times on Emmerdale since he left six years ago, with his daughter Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) still living in the village. Due to the circumstances behind his departure from the ITV soap, he hasn't been able to see any of his children. However, it could be he will somehow feature in upcoming scenes as he is contacted by his eldest and learns what has been happening to her in recent months. Thursday's instalment of the village-based drama began with Sarah ready to leave the Dales, telling Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland) she needed to get away. Earlier in the week, her grandmother Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins), had completely forgotten her birthday as she was too focused on her son, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham). Even when he was sentenced to three months in prison, the young man's mother was still more interested in him than her granddaughter. Sitting in the café, Andy was brought into the conversation as Sarah tried to explain to Chloe why she was so desperate to go. The youngster said: "Why did I have to get the short straw? I've got a mother who only cares about me when it suits her." READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' "I've got a dad on the run, a gran as a narcissist and I'm dragging myself up with a stranger's heart and no one even cares," she continued. This was a blow to Chloe, who was the sister of the woman who donated her heart to Sarah so she could live and the youngster apologised. The dust soon blew over as the pair began talking about planning a possible party to mark Sarah's birthday, seeing as Charity had forgotten. However, the air soon turned frosty again when the young woman and her grandmother had a row in the street as the latter had just been to visit Noah in prison. Having had enough, Sarah said to Chloe: "I have to get away, away away. I don't want to spend another second of my life in this dump where no one cares about me." "That's not true, I care, and anyway, where would you go?" Chloe replied, with Sarah telling her: "Anywhere but here. "But you can't tell anyone," she continued before later in the episode she was seen packing up her bags and getting ready to leave. Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) caught her in the act and although she tried to talk her out of making an exit, the youngster was adamant about her decision. This led the matriarch of the Dingle family to call Charity and tell her what was happening and by the end of the instalment, it seemed Sarah was going to stick around for one more night. In this time, she could be solidifying her plans with Andy to help her flee from the Dingles. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURES]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] Having not had contact with him for years and still feeling resentful of this, Sarah could have reluctantly made a call as she knew he could help her. Andy fled the village in 2016 as the police were after him for attempted murder, with Chrissie White (Louise Marwood) framing him for shooting her father, Lawrence White (John Bowe). It was actually village villain Lachlan White (Tom Atkinson) who did it but she was wanting to do everything in her power to stop her son from going to prison. Although Lachlan is now in jail as his reign of terror came to an end, Andy is still wanted for escaping police custody. Therefore, any attempt him coming back to the village is putting his freedom at risk so he could agree to help Sarah if she left with him. Sarah would agree, knowing it would be her only choice of getting out of the village and once they were far enough away, she could make it on her own. Having been so absent from his daughter's life, Andy would want to try and repair their relationship as they go on the run together. However, he would have no idea he is going to be a pawn in Sarah's plan, making her more of a Dingle than a Sugden. Will he manage to convince his eldest to stay with him or will he be left on his own once more after putting everything on the line? The actor who played Andy, Kelvin, has previously spoken out about the reason why he decided to leave the show after 20 years. Kelvin said: "The storylines on Emmerdale were great, the show was great, and the morale around the place was great. "But I found myself in this weird position. "They had given me this sense of belief and sense of confidence, and I felt that artistically, I was really coming into my own. "Having played the same character for 20 years, I had a real appetite to do other things, play different characters, and work in different areas. "I just wanted to try things which you've not really got the opportunity to do when you're in Emmerdale, as your commitment is so full-on," he told The Bolton News. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.