Polestar has revealed a high-performance version of the Polestar 2 EV, designed to go up against the likes of the Ford Mustang Mach-E GT. The limited edition car will only be made in a run of 270 and hits zero-60 in around 4.2 seconds. The limited-production BST edition 270, which is available with a single matte-black stripe and the number "2" on the bonnet has been made due to the enthusiasm shown to a one-off model at the Goodwood Festival. Each Polestar 2 BST edition 270 is hand-finished to exact specifications, using zero-tolerance performance parts and packs some 469bhp from dual motors. A 78Kwhh battery will push the car from a standing stop to 60mph in just 4.2 seconds. Polestar boss Thomas Ingenlath said: “We had a great reaction to the specially modified Polestar 2 we showed at the Goodwood Festival of Speed in 2021 and the response made it clear, we should create a version like that for production.” READ MORE: Tourist has car flooded after parking in harbour and ignoring advice It sports 21” Gloss Black Diamond Cut Alloy Wheels, unique to the BST edition 270 and fitted with made-to-measure Pirelli tyres.They pair a powerful look with optimal steering response, stability and road contact.The BST edition 270 is available in just three colours, Snow, Thunder, or Thunder with a satin 3M Battleship Gray wrap. It features special Ohlins two-way adjustable dampers with auxiliary adjustment chambers mounted under the bonnet, a 25mm lower ride height, a front strut bar and 20 per cent stiffer springs. Joakim Rydholm, Chief chassis engineer said: “This car is what happens when we are given the freedom to go beyond our limits.” DON'T MISS Parents warned of ‘morning after’ drink driving [WARNING] 15-year-old girl caught teaching dad how to drive [SHOCKING] Drivers face £2,500 fines for arguing while driving [REVEAL] The mass production of performance EVs like Tesla’s Model S Plaid and Kia’s EV6 GT aim to pair practicality with supercar speed. All retail from upwards of £50,000 and are generally constantly connected to the internet in order to receive software updates when released. It comes as traditional ‘petrolheads’ may soon be harder to find. Countdown’s Susie Dent predicted that a number of incredibly common petrol-related words could become extinct by 2032 as electric cars take over. This includes petrolhead, clutch and gears as well as phrases like “miles per gallon” and “take your foot off the gas”. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: “What is certain is that the language of the electric car will become as familiar to us as the vocabulary of the 'motor car' did at the turn of the 20th century. “We will be regularly 'juicing' our battery - perhaps with just a 'trickle' - whilst hopefully avoiding all recriminations of 'charge-hogging' from our neighbours." That’s despite the average cost of charging an electric vehicle increasing quicker than the prices of diesel and petrol, according to a recent analysis. The average cost of charging an EV has increased by more than a fifth due to the soar in electricity prices. A recent analysis carried out by the RAC showed that the cost of charging an EV using pay-as-you-go public chargers in the UK has risen by over 20 percent. The RAC added that drivers will now have to pay 44.55p per kilowatt-hour.