Manchester United and Tottenham will be left scouring the transfer market for alternatives this summer if they miss out on Christian Eriksen. The Dane reportedly attracted a host of scouts against Austria on Monday night, but there remains a possibility that he could stay with Brentford, where he excelled last season, to cement his spot in Denmark's World Cup squad. In case the Bees prevail, Express Sport analyses four alternatives United and Spurs could pursue, starting with the Red Devils. Interested parties were offered hope when Wolves' technical director Scott Sellars recently admitted that all at the club are 'realistic' about the midfielder's future. The Portuguese fits a similar profile to Eriksen, who has orchestrated play from deep since joining up with Brentford, and Neves has plenty left in the tank at 25-years-old. But his services won't come cheap. The Telegraph claim that Wolves are demanding £70million for his signature, which would tear through a healthy chunk of Erik ten Hag's transfer budget and leave him scrambling for bargains in other areas of the pitch. DON'T MISS: Seven England fans arrested in Germany ahead of match including two 'for Nazi salutes' Another cultured player who can fire shots from long-range and spray a variety of passes around the pitch, Tielemans is widely expected to leave Leicester City this summer as he approaches the final year of his contract. He could be available for as little as £25m. The Belgian supposedly wants Champions League football next season, but Arsenal remain heavily linked despite missing out on fourth spot. As such, United would not be disadvantaged if they decided to rival the Gunners in pursuit of the Belgian, who scored six and assisted four in the Premier League last campaign. READ MORE...Gareth Southgate says Bayern Munich stars created Jamal Musiala issue for EnglandBayern may have shot themselves in foot with bid for Liverpool's Sadio ManeChelsea 'rejected' by Antonio Rudiger replacement they could've signed on a free The Southampton midfielder has become a force to be reckoned with in front of goal, and he finished last term with 15 Premier League goal contributions for the second season running. Famed for his impeccable free-kicks, Ward-Prowse is also an accomplished passer and a tenacious tackler. The Daily Mail claim that Spurs are 'lining up' the Saints star as Antonio Conte nails down targets for his summer spree. At 27-years-old, Ward-Prowse is three years younger than Eriksen, but with his contract not due to expire for another four years his services are likely to come at a premium. The Scotsman could be sold on by Aston Villa this summer as Steven Gerrard plots to build on a squad overhaul which is already underway. Deals for Diego Carlos, Philippe Coutinho and Boubacar Kamara have already been agreed, the latter of which would increase McGinn's competition for midfield minutes if he sticks around. The Daily Mail state that Spurs are preparing to offer him a lifeline. More energetic than Eriksen, but perhaps more hit-and-miss too, McGinn has been followed by a number of top clubs since Villa's return to the top-flight in 2019/20, and he could finally get a big move this summer.