It was a weekend to remember as Britons came together to mark the Queen's seven decades on the throne. There was a stunning military parade on Thursday, a special Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, and a concert at Buckingham Palace on Saturday. The celebrations came to a conclusion on Sunday with a pageant and carnival procession in London - as well as street parties across the nation. Now, some have shared their concerns online over what the fallout could be. Twitter user @MeetJess said: "How many cases of monkeypox and/or Covid will come out of this year’s Jubilee? "And do people realise that this will affect the entire world?" Replying to the tweet, many agreed. @VioletEglantine noted: "16th century London understood airborne pandemics better." @RonLafleur2 added: "Mass gatherings all around. No masks. Mind-boggling." In a separate tweet, aid worker Kate Pritchard said: "Approx 117,000 cases of COVID in the UK today. Over 200 cases of monkeypox. "Multiply that by 12 million parties to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, no masks or social distancing. You have denial, stupidity & a lot more sick people shortly." There have now been 780 confirmed cases of monkeypox in countries where the virus is not usually found, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). READ MORE: Putin warned that West will 'decisively and directly' attack Russia if red line crossed That is roughly triple the 257 cases it reported a week ago. The UK has the most cases, with 207, followed by Spain with 156 and Portugal with 138. Even before the Platinum Jubilee, medical professionals had sent warning for Britons to remain vigilant. Consultant in Health Protection at UKHSA South West Dr Charlotte Bigland said: "Monkeypox is circulating nationally and internationally, so it’s important to for people to stay vigilant. "There has been a notable number of cases identified among people who are gay, bisexual and men who have sex with men, so we are asking these groups in particular to be aware of the symptoms, particularly if they have recently had a new sexual partner. DON'T MISS Putin’s war ‘backfiring’ as US strikes nuclear deal with Ukraine [REVEAL] Biden humiliated as Russia and Iran strikes major 20-year energy deal [INSIGHT] The NATO weapon that Putin ‘really fears’ [REPORT] “Anyone with unusual rashes or lesions on any part of their body should contact 111 or their local sexual health service for advice. "If you think you might have Monkeypox, please phone ahead before attending a healthcare setting in person so we can ensure a good clinical experience." The WHO has advised that while the current risk to human health for the general public "remains low", the public health risk could "become high" if the virus becomes widespread. No deaths have been reported as a result of the current outbreak and, in most cases, the virus clears up on its own within a few weeks.