With over 60 percent of the UK classed as having hard water, limescale is a problem for many. It presents itself in a powdery-white crust and lingers around taps, sinks, toilets, shower screens, and anywhere else you might find water. Limescale is a substance mainly made up of calcium and magnesium, which is left behind when hard water evaporates. Fans of cleaning guru Mrs Hinch have shared their top tips for removing limescale on dedicated cleaning pages on Facebook. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove limescale from the end of her bathroom tap. Emma Carter wrote: “Any ideas of what can get the ends of these taps to sparkle again, and look clean? They're driving me nuts!” Limescale build up isn’t just unsightly, but it can actually cause damage when left too long to set. A build-up of limescale can restrict the flow of water and reduce the efficiency of your taps and showers. READ MORE: ‘Obvious’ signs you have low water pressure - how to ‘boost’ As time goes on and the longer it’s left, it could cause you to use the appliances for longer than you usually would, which could boost your energy bills even higher than they already are. Unfortunately, there appears to be no finite solution to ensure limescale doesn’t reappear, meaning it tends to be a constant battle for those in the bathroom. According to Mrs Hinch fans using lemons is an “easy” yet “cheap” way to remove limescale without the “need to scrub”. Jenny McDowell said: “Its easy. I just cut a lemon in half and screw it onto the end of the tap and leave it as long as possible,  ideally overnight. “Then in the morning the limescale should just wipe away so there’s no need to scrub. Amazing stuff and cheap as anything.” DON'T MISS: Monty Don shares ‘by far best approach’ when deadheading roses [EXPERT]The Queen’s ‘must-have’ plants for every royal garden [INSIGHT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [TIPS] Lianne Edmunds agreed: “Place half a lemon on the end and leave for a couple of hours.” Aggie Timber commented: “Some of the ends of taps unscrew, see if yours does. If not, leave half a lemon on the end of your tap for a few hours and the limescale should disappear.” Susan Reader wrote: “I use a lemon to soak off the limescale and it works so well and doesn’t damage the taps at all.” Karen Henderson suggested: “Push half a lemon on it and leave.” When pushing the cut-side of the lemon into the end of the tap, it is important to make sure the lemon is tightly enclosed around it. Rotating the lemon back and forth until it latches even tighter will help. This also assists in letting the acidic juice break down the build up. Those cleaning a larger fixture like a shower head, place multiple lemon halves over the entire area. The acidic nature of lemons provides antibacterial and antiseptic properties, which help to kill bacteria, mould, mildew, and even in some cases, rust. Lemons are solid cleaning agents and perfect resources to clean away pesky limescale. A pack of four lemons can be picked up from Asda for as little as 50p. This works out as under 13p per lemon.