The US President was filmed holding a piece of paper which clearly outlined what he should do in a televised meeting with wind industry executives. The 79-year-old was instructed to speak to specific people and to thank them before leaving. The eight-point plan referred to President Biden as "YOU" throughout. News of the sheet has sparked concerns the US President has "serious cognitive failure". Sky News Australia's presenter Peta Credlin said: "These cheat sheets aren't big detail but they say things like say hello to participants. "This says to me he has serious cognition failure. I think it's extraordinary." Radio broadcaster Luke Grant added: "The final line should have been, 'please don't hold this sheet up so the media get it on the camera'. READ MORE: Putin faces MUTINY as Russian troops join Kyiv forces "I feel it's a little unkind but there is clear decline and to think you need an instruction sheet when you're a foot away from a big button." It comes just two years after Mr Biden released a medical assessment which describes him as "healthy and vigorous". Dr. Kevin O’Connor of The George Washington University released a three-page medical summary of president's health. Mr Biden, who survived two brain aneurysms in the late 1980s, has not had any serious medical issues since. Texas Republican representative Ronny Jackson has claimed US President Joe Biden does not appear to be "physically or cognitively fit". He has urged the president to be tested as his job is "demanding". It comes following multiple incidents where Mr Biden has sparked health fears with the public. DON'T MISS 'US and UK have to burn' Putin's puppet ramps up threat [VIDEO]Biden takes over UK nuclear defence in £2.6bn deal [INSIGHT]Putin's mouthpiece lets slip sinister plan for American prisoners [ANALYSIS] Speaking to Fox News host Sean Hannity, Mr Jackson said: "He's not physically or cognitively fit to be our president right now. "I know what the rigors of this job are, physically and cognitively - it's demanding. "He's not inspiring confidence. It's sending the wrong message to our adversaries." He added: "We need to know that we can trust our president, and we need to know that he's in charge of what's going on and someone else isn't pulling the strings behind the scenes because that's what it looks like now." READ NEXT: Safest country in the world for Britons - full listDementia: The way a loved one dresses could be a signUS swimmer saved by hero coach after fainting speaks out on ordealAirbnb creates fund for world’s funkiest holiday lets - photosUkraine LIVE: 'Bomb London first!' Putin ally vows to 'destroy' UK'