The husband of Princess Anne's daughter spoke about the past outstanding bank holiday weekend of royal celebrations. And he revealed the four-day-long weekend also featured intimate family moments, including a "good cousins' lunch". During his podcast The Good, The Bad & The Rugby, he told his co-hosts Alex Payne: "We had a good cousins' lunch on the Thursday. That was a highlight!" The rugby champion did not share further details of the get-together, which took place after the Trooping the Colour parade and the RAF Flypast. While Mike didn't mention who joined him and his wife Zara for lunch, royal editor Rebecca English said she did not believe Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were among the attendees. Responding to a tweet by the Daily Mail diary editor Richard Eden, in which he asked whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended the lunch, Ms English responded: "I don’t believe they did. "The Sussexes returned straight to Windsor." On Thursday, most members of the Royal Family came together to watch the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade. Among them, were also Meghan and Prince Harry, who were spotted joking with the children of both Peter Phillips and his sister Zara. In one adorable picture, Meghan was seen jokingly pulling faces at Savannah Phillips. READ MORE: Belgium mocks royal blunders in Queen’s Platinum Jubilee tribute In a second, the Duchess was seen putting a finger on her lips while watching Lena and Mia Tindall, the daughters. As they are no longer working royals, Meghan and Harry did not join the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch 70 aircraft passing above the monarch's residence in London. They were seen after the end of the event leaving the Mall in a car while waving at well-wishers. The Sussexes are believed to have a good relationship with the Tindalls.  On Friday, after they attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Prince Harry and Meghan were spotted chatting with their cousins before heading back to Windsor. Zara, Mike and their three children are also believed to have been among the guests at the relaxed birthday party thrown by the Sussexes for the first birthday of Lilibet 'Lili' Diana on Saturday. The royal cousins are said to be very close, with Mike revealing a few years ago that many of them are in a WhatsApp group. He mentioned again the group a few months ago, after the Duchess of Cambridge, was taught rugby fundamentals during a visit to Twickenham Stadium to celebrate her appointment as patron of the Rugby Football Union. The England champion said he contacted one of the current team players to know how the Duchess had fared during the special training session. Mike said an episode of his podcast: "I text Ellis [Genge] and said, 'Mate, please tell me anything she messed up on' so I could sort of… family WhatsApp group, get to her, and he said, 'No she was actually pretty good, and she was really good at kicking,' and I was like [sighs]. "But she has this competitive nature." During the latest episode of his podcast, Mike also enthused about the Jubilee celebrations. He said: "It was outstanding, to be fair. It was just great to be a part of." The Tindalls attended several events throughout the four-day weekend. On Saturday, they were at Epsom Down to watch the races alongside Peter, Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence. A few hours later, they joined other members of the Firm, diplomats and politicians in the Royal Box to watch the spectacular Party at the Palace, a concert which took place on the doorsteps of the Queen's residence in London.