The attack occurred in the Pologovsky district of Ukraine and was justified due to the shelling of settlements in the area by Russian troops. It was carried out by members of the 44th Artillery Brigade of the Ukrainian Ground Forces, the brigade confirmed.  They had support in the form of aerial reconnaissance from the 81st Airmobile Brigade of the Ukrainian Air Assault Forces. On Wednesday, the brigade said that they had undertaken the attack after Russian forces had fired on local villages in the area. They said: "Artillerymen of the 44th OAbr of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, with the support of aerial reconnaissance of the 81st brigade of the 5th BTGR, bombed the accumulation of enemy equipment and ammunition in the Pologovsky district. "It is known that Russian troops fired at three settlements in the Pologovsky district. Enemy shells hit Gulyaipole, the villages of Dobropolye and Upper Tersa.  "Earlier, the Russian military left some positions in the Melitopol and Vasilyevsky regions. "As it became known, they moved in the direction of Kherson region." It comes as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has said that the battle for the city of Severodonetsk may decide the outcome of the war in the eastern part of his country. He said: "In many respects, the fate of the Donbas is being decided there." READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Blow to Putin as Ukrainian troops DESTROY vital weapons  Mr Zelensky added that his troops were inflicting heavy losses on enemy forces in the area. However, the region's top Ukrainian official has admitted that their troops have been pushed back to the outskirts. Serhiy Haidai, governor of the Luhansk region said special forces had retreated after Russia "started levelling the area with shelling and air strikes". However, according to the BBC, he told local media that Russia does not have control over the whole city. DON'T MISS: North Korea humiliation after Kim’s missile hit own city [REVEAL] Milan airport chaos: Hundreds of flights GROUNDED over strike [INSIGHT] 'Evil' Putin acts according to 'own dark logic' [SPOTLIGHT]  He said: "Our [forces] now again control only the outskirts of the city. "But the fighting is still going on, our [forces] are defending Severodonetsk. "It is impossible to say the Russians completely control the city." The governor added that around 15,000 civilians remained in Severodonetsk and the nearby city of Lysychansk. On Wednesday, Russia claimed that Ukraine was suffering "significant losses in manpower, weapons and military equipment" in Donbas. 