On ITV’s This Morning today, the money saving expert answered a listener's question on the energy bill rebate and who is entitled to it. Maria, who called into the show, has children who are university students and with the rising energy costs, she wondered if the Government help goes directly to them or their landlords. Martin said: “If we’re talking about the £400 help that’s due to come in around October it’s pretty simple. “The £400 will be a reduction on energy bills, there are technicals around it but conceptionally it will be a reduction on energy bills so the question is who pays the energy bill.” As the students pay the energy bills directly, Mr Lewis explained to Maria that they will get the £400 reduction on their bill. It won’t be given to their landlords as the bill is paid by them. Despite this rule being “the same for everyone”, the money expert warned of some problems with the rebate and deciding who it goes to in rental accommodations. READ MORE: Nationwide offers 5% interest rate plus £125 to switch in competitive savings offer As a way to mitigate the effects of soaring energy bills this winter, the Chancellor announced that each household would receive a £400 rebate to put towards energy bills which doesn’t have to be repaid. The Government is providing a package of support worth £37billion in 2022 to 2023 which includes the Energy Bills Support Scheme. Through the scheme, domestic electricity customers in the UK will receive a £400 reduction in their electricity costs from this October. Those who pay for their energy via direct debit and credit will have the money credited straight into their account. Meanwhile, those on pre-payment meters will have the money applied to their meter or paid with a voucher. The energy price cap increased 54 percent in April 2022 and is now at £1,971, a record high. Government guidance states: "Households will not need to apply for the Scheme, and in most cases we expect electricity suppliers to apply the reduction automatically to bills from October 2022. "We are working hard to design the delivery of this and there may be some variations in how consumers receive the benefit, depending on how they pay for their energy, for example whether by direct debit or through a prepayment meter.  “However, all households with a domestic electricity meter should receive the £400 reduction.” The Government has not given exact dates for when the rebate should be applied by, stating they will start "from October". British households will receive £400 over the next six months, helping them through the coldest times of the year from late 2022 to early 2023. Ministers have not added a requirement for people to sign up beforehand. As energy firms will handle the discount, they can apply it directly to accounts in their care. This Morning airs 10am on ITV.