The decision of ground and cabin staff to back potential industrial action will have appalled people across Britain. The pandemic wrecked the travel plans of millions of us and many households are yearning to get away; family reunions have been cancelled too many times in recent years and in these high-stress days it would be cruel for a trade union to shatter summer plans. A decision to strike would be an act of self-destruction that would send a wrecking ball crashing into a struggling sector. There is a vital role for trade unions and the option to strike is a defence of last resort against exploitation. But industrial action would hurt livelihoods far beyond the airline and torch any goodwill among the public. If staff refuse to go to work when families are desperate that Britain avoids a recession and instead returns to normality, they should not expect to be forgiven in a hurry. Instead of sabotaging travel plans and damaging the recovery, unions should sit down with management and hammer out a common-sense deal. A pilot scheme allowing pharmacy staff to send patients for cancer checks if they spot symptoms could prove a life-saver. When so many of us struggle to get a GP appointment, it makes sense that pharmacists should be able to use their expertise to protect public health. They played a vital role in making the vaccination programme a success and these highly trained specialists often have a bond of trust with patients. If cancers can be identified at the earliest possible stage then families throughout Britain will be spared heartbreak. And if the pilot scheme works well, pharmacists should be empowered and encouraged to fight disease in new ways. The return of Royal Ascot and the spectacle of England winning the second Test against New Zealand remind us of the power of sport to delight and inspire the nation. Yes, we face a raft of challenges, but the sight of Jonny Bairstow delivering cricket magic at Trent Bridge reminds us of the almost mythical capacity of Britons to stun the world with skill and creativity. The Queen’s three-year-old colt Reach for the Moon is exciting attention, and the mood of the country will be electrified by summer sporting dramas to come. These joyous competitions will blow away our tangled worries and renew our belief that hard work, confidence and tenacious ambition can unlock triumphs over daunting odds in every community.