 Parking etiquette is one of the most important unspoken rules of the road, but one driver disregarded that last week. A passer-by spotted the Audi vehicle outside a small parade of shops in Birstall, Leicestershire.  The convertible can be seen parked over two parking bays in front of a fish and chip shop. Also in the picture, two much larger vehicles, including a Land Rover, can be seen fitting into individual parking spaces. The local who spotted the car took to Facebook to vent their frustration with the driver. They questioned: “Why do people park like this? READ MORE: Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station  “Genuine question, is it for a particular reason or is it just ignorance?" The post left people divided with some suggesting that “ignorance came as part of the territory” of owning an Audi, Leicestershire Live reported. One said: "It’s called a complete lack of consideration! I’d stick a wheel clamp on it and a £100 fine." Another added: "It’s a convertible and an Audi…….says it all." DON'T MISSNew 2022 Range Rover Sport unveiled [FIRST LOOK]Incredible array of supercars make their debut at Goodwood [PICTURES]Drivers to be fined £160 from today for straying into cycle lanes [WARNING]  However, one person thought it was not just Audi drivers, but many others, who took advantage of parking spaces. They said: “Unfortunately this is the attitude of the modern driver. I see this a lot these days everywhere.” Drivers can receive a penalty charge notice (PCN) for parking across two bays even if they accidentally cross the lines in a car park. Fines can range from £25 to £100 in public or private car parks with charges increasing if drivers refuse to pay.  This can also apply to residential parking spaces where traffic wardens could judge the car to be over the allotted space. The RAC advises drivers to always ensure their car is parked within the bays at all times. They added operators are known to issue tickets to motorists who have peaked over the lines of their space. Drivers with larger vehicles like SUVs and vans are more likely to accidentally breach the parking areas, especially in narrow bays.  Other local residents of Birstall tried defending the driver, saying they may have had a valid reason for parking in the manner they did. One said: “Might have had a baby car seat. Can’t physically get them back into the car if you park in a regular space." Another suggested: “Maybe the car next to him didn't park properly.”