Harry Winks and Lucas Moura could be used in a potential swap deal for Everton forward Richarlison, as Tottenham hone in on the Brazilian. That's according to The Telegraph, who claim that Tottenham are seriously interested in signing Richarlison, but don't wish to shell out the kind of fee that Everton are looking for. Everton apparently value Richarlison at 'well over £50million' which has led Tottenham to discussing a potential swap deal to cut costs. Antonio Conte is being heavily backed this summer, and the Italian has already signed Ivan Perisic on a free deal, while loan moves for Dejan Kulusevski and Cristian Romero will be made permanent. Tottenham are also reportedly close to agreeing a deal with Middlesbrough for Djed Spence, who starred on loan at Nottingham Forest last year. With Moura losing his place to Kulusevski, Tottenham are looking to offload the winger this summer, and he could be joined by Winks now that Spurs have reportedly agreed a deal with Brighton to sign Yves Bissouma. In the perfect contrast of cutting costs and offloading players deemed surplus to requirements, it could see Tottenham agree a swap deal with Everton. JUST IN: Taylor's Tuesday Transfers: Spurs' Spence bid, Everton eye Chelsea ace The Times reported on Tuesday morning that Tottenham have reached an agreement with Brighton over the transfer of Bissouma, with the Seagulls accepting an initial £25m for the star that's out of contract next summer. And with Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Rodrigo Bentancur all battling for places, surely Winks' time is up at Tottenham. But Conte's excess could become Frank Lampard's treasure, and Everton are chasing a midfielder after Donny van de Beek's loan spell came to an end. They will also be needing a new forward if Richarlison is to make way, and Moura offers a different but similar alternative. DON'T MISS Everton have been approached regarding a potential takeover bid, but with any formalities not set to be resolved in the short-term, a swap deal might be the ideal scenario for Lampard. Richarlison has been linked with a move away for a number of transfer windows, and the Brazil national team regular almost dropped down to the second-tier with Everton at the end of last season. The Toffees were barely able to spend any money last season due to financial restrictions, and although they'd love to raise funds for Richarlison, securing alternative options may be an attractive proposition for Lampard. In an ideal scenario Everton would love to keep the Brazilian, but the reality of that happening is slim - at least not for very long anyway. Both have been pushed out of the team, but would be nailed on starters for Everton. And Richarlison could be the addition that Tottenham need to take them to the next level. Although the Brazilian will have Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Kulusevski to contend with, Tottenham need squad depth for their Champions League return. Rotation will be needed, and even their world-class stars need to be kept on their toes. Richarlison scored 10 Premier League goals last season, and without his input they surely would have been relegated, with Dominic Calvert-Lewin sidelined for most of the season. But with Richarlison entering the final two years of his deal, his value will begin to decrease after this summer. Everton won't want to make a loss on the star they paid £50m to Watford for, and they won't if they can strike a deal this summer. But the Brazilian wants to move on to bigger and better things, meaning that there is a very little chance he will extend his deal, meaning time is running out.