Arsenal have been warned that they will have to pay a premium price to prise Aaron Hickey away from Bologna this summer. The Scottish left-back has emerged as a summer transfer target for the Gunners following his impressive form in Serie A over the past 12 months. Hickey has been heavily linked with a move to the Emirates all summer, with the Gunners known to be in the market for another full-back. However, Bologna's new sporting director, Marco Di Vaio, has warned the Londoners that they will not be able land Hickey on the cheap. Speaking to DAZN, Di Vaio said: "Hickey may be one of the expendable names on the market, but in case of inadequate offers he may stay with us for another year. “We have a good potential to do well and earn more than 50 points. We must be good at financing new signings and finding new players. If we make the right moves, we’ll be able to replace them and keep all the others.” READ MORE: Arsenal 'moving with intensity' for Raphinha in 'recent days' Arsenal are desperate to sign an adequate deputy for Kieran Tierney, who has struggled with injuries this term. Tierney underwent knee surgery back in March and missed the final weeks of the season; although he is expected to fit for the start of pre-season. The Gunners splashed out £7million to bring Nuno Tavares to north London last summer, but the youngster has failed to convince when deputising for Tierney over the past few months. And Tavares could even be farmed out on loan this summer after the Portuguese ace made a string of high-profile errors during his 28 senior appearances last year. DON'T MISS: Arsenal fail to heed Arteta "urgent" warning as contract saga goes onArsenal on course to complete transfer after Tottenham agree BissoumaArsenal boss Arteta tipped to be first Premier League manager sacked A host of clubs, including Atalanta and Marseille, are believed to be interesting in acquiring Tavares services on loan ahead of the upcoming season. However, any deal for Tavares is likely to hinge on whether or not Arsenal can strike a deal with Bologna for Hickey. Brentford are also avid admirers of the 20-year-old, who has racked up 48 appearances and bagged five goals since he joined the Italian outfit from Hearts two years ago. His stunning form last season even resulted in Hickey being shortlisted for the 2022 Golden Boy award. Various reports recently claimed that Arsenal were closing in on a £21m deal for the sought-after full-back - however, it appears that the Gunners and Bologna have not yet come to terms on an agreement that would see Hickey move to the Premier League.