Laurel (played by Charlotte Bellamy) broke things off with Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) earlier this year on Emmerdale when she discovered he had used her identity to take out significant loans. Although they briefly got back together, she was left furious when she thought some drugs found at the Take A Vow office were his and he was feeding his addiction again. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she could be set to start an affair with a rather familiar face in the form of Dan Spencer (Liam Fox). The drama begins in next week's episodes of the weeknight show as Laurel begins to feel lonely without some adult company in her life. Arriving at the HOP, she finds her stepdaughter, Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) and neighbour Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) having a conversation. She tells the pair she feels she is now ready to embark on a new romance following her separation from Jai earlier this year. They are pleased for her, especially Gabby who felt the businessman was not good enough to be in her stepmother's life. As she looks for a potential suitor, she begins to recall her relationships of the past and in particular, her marriage to Ashley Thomas (John Middleton). READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford The vicar was the love of her life and she cared for him up until he died from dementia almost five years ago in 2017. Laurel would know now what she wants from a relationship and she wouldn't want the complications someone like Jai put her through. Dan could be the ideal person for her as he too hasn't had a love interest in quite some time. A few weeks ago, he did sleep with Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) in the shed at the allotment but this was just a one-time thing. Although he has a few friends in the village, he has never really managed to settle since his romance with Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) came to an end. Having needed the support of a carer when he thought he would never walk again a few years ago, Dan knows the struggles Laurel will have gone through with Ashely. He might not be the most obvious choice but he would be able to bring Laurel some happiness and respite from the stresses of life. With a teenage niece of his own in Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell), he knows what it's like to be a parent trying to deal with teenage angst. It might benefit the young woman to have someone like Laurel in her life to who she could talk about the challenges she is facing in her life. Could the two characters become the next super couple of the village or will they realise they are not so compatible after all? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURES]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] However, in the past, the actress who plays Laurel, Charlotte, has spoken about wanting to mix things up in the love department for her character. Speaking back in 2018, a year after Ashley's death, the soap star explained: "When you've been in a couple like I was with John it's hard to see yourself with someone else. "I don't feel like I'm cheating but of course I miss John. "I don't want Laurel to be always the goodie, because that gets boring after a while. This shows a different side to her. "If everyone was happy in Emmerdale, it would be boring. In soap you have to keep twisting and turning a character otherwise viewers will get frustrated and bored," she told The Mirror. So could something more exciting come along for Laurel and will she be thrown into the mix of an already established couple? Discussing the prospect of an affair plot, Charlotte added: "I wouldn't advise anyone to have an affair but at the same time I wouldn't judge her. "When people have affairs it doesn't necessarily make them a bad person. It is about feelings that you try to overcome and Laurel tries to overcome them but it's complicated." The actor who plays Jai, Chris, has also addressed Laurel's romance dilemmas and what he thinks of his character being painted as the villain all the time. Chris said: "I think Jai feels disappointed in Laurel because she has her own problems with being a recovering alcoholic." "I don't know if it's because Laurel wasn't 100 percent behind getting back together in the first place, but it seems quite harsh that she's not more understanding. I think he sees a different side to her," he continued. "There have been times when Laurel's halo has slipped slightly. She hasn't been as kind or as understanding as usual. "There have been a couple of scenes where Laurel's not very nice to Jai at all. "I can't see Jai getting back together with Laurel, given that he pled his innocence and he was absolutely adamant but she wouldn't believe him. "I don't see how they get back from there," he added so will Dan be the man for Laurel in the coming weeks and months? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.