Tour de France 2022 gets underway this Friday as the world's most famous race returns. This year’s Grand Départ is in Copenhagen, with two further stages in Denmark before the race works its way through eastern and southern France. Plenty of Britons are among the big names at this year's race. Chris Froome is racing with Israel-Premier Tech – he is a four-time winner (2013, 2015, 2016, and 2017). Welshman Geraint Thomas, now 36 years old, will be the star name for The Ineos Grenadiers. He won the Tour in 2018, and will aim to add to his two stage wins this year. One man who won't be there is Mark Cavendish. The Manx rider remains the record holder for stage wins at the Tour De France (34). He misses this year's race after missing the cut for Belgian team Quick-Step Alpha Vinyl. Thomas once revealed a hilarious story about his first meeting with Cavendish. They both rode together in the British Cycling academy as well as for one season at Team Sky in 2012. Speaking last year, Thomas was asked what he would have said if someone had told him that Cavendish would go on to break the record for most stage wins. He replied: "I definitely would have laughed." Speaking to ITV, he continued: "He was just some chav from the Isle of Man who wanted to be from Liverpool when I first met him. With his gold Vauxhall Corsa, all supped up, it was terrible. He’s still like that as well." Cavendish had just recovered his form when Thomas was speaking last year. The Welshman praised Cavendish for turning his form around, adding: "It’s just like turning back the clock, you know, I think a lot of people had written him off and he had struggled in, maybe, the wrong environment for him in some of the teams he was at but now he’s thriving at Deceuninck - Quick-Step. It’s great to see him back at his best. READ MORE: Drivers and cyclists go head to head over helmet cam videos "You know he’s someone who just thrives off confidence as well. As soon as he has a few good results that confidence just goes up. He gets on a roll there’s no stopping him." On Cavendish's remarkable sprinting pace, he continued: "We always knew he was fast. I remember when we turned professional and I chatted to Robbie Hunter, who was a team-mate of mine at the time, he was the sprinter in our team and I was like, ‘oh yeah he’s really super fast’. "I’m sure Robbie was a bit like, who am I to say that? I was just some neo-pro, what do I know about anything. "But sure enough he’s just proved that he’s super, super fast. He’s a talented guy and once he’s determined, once he has that goal, like a lot of sprinters but him more than most, there’s no stopping him." Despite being a previous winner, Thomas doesn't enter this year's race as an out-and-out favourite. DON'T MISS‘Appalling’: driver blasts court decision to fine him [INSIGHT]Manhunt for cycling sex beast preying on lone women as 22 attacked [ANALYSIS]Drivers blast ‘arrogant’ cyclists who upload footage [INSIGHT]  But having recently secured victory in the Tour de Suisse, Thomas feels he is not under pressure. Speaking to Cycling Weekly, he said: "I’ve won the race and come second, I’m a lot closer to the end of my career now to the start. "I have a lot of experience, and I just want to enjoy this now. Since November, Dani [Martínez] and Adam [Yates] have been the leaders of the team. It’s still that way. "Obviously, I’m going well, and I want to be there in the mix and help them, take opportunities when they come. I’m just going to try and enjoy myself, bashing elbows and swearing at each other at 60km/h, on a flat road in the wind, I’ll try and enjoy that. That’s how it is, I’m pretty relaxed about it."