The Labour Party's division has been laid bare this week as Sir Keir Starmer's Shadow Cabinet split over the ongoing rail strikes crippling the nation. Senior MPs within the party have joined the picket lines despite a reported warning from leader Sir Keir, who banned his frontbenchers from the strikes. Deputy Leader Angela Rayner gave clear backing to the industrial action in an apparent break from Sir Keir's line on the matter. She tweeted this week: “Workers have been left with no choice. “No one takes strike action lightly. I will always defend their absolute right to do so for fairness at work.” Recent weeks have also seen reports that some within the Labour Party want Sir Keir gone as its leader. Names such as Andy Burnham, the Mayor of Manchester, and Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting have been put forward as potential contenders. But Lord Hayward, an election guru and Conservative peer, believes Labour need to avoid another "white London male" figure. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "I think the Labour Party would have to go beyond Wes Streeting, they might be able to go with Andy Burnham, although he isn't an MP at the moment, because he has some northern pull which I think Starmer is struggling with at the moment. He is seen as too metropolitan. "I would also look at Rachel Reeves and Lisa Nandy. The one thing that is striking about the Labour leadership is that it has been white London males. "The last three Labour leaders, you can walk to each of their houses in 20 minutes. It doesn't show that you want to be a national party when you have a fourth leader, Wes Streeting, from London, and also another white male. "It is almost certain the next Tory leader will be female again, or of an ethnic minority." READ MORE: Have your say: Should Labour MPs denounce crippling rail strikes? The Sunday Times reported recently that Sir Keir has met with several of the Shadow Cabinet and discussed succession planning should he have to resign over an alleged lockdown breach in Durham. But Ms Nandy, Shadow Levelling-up Secretary, denied the story this week branding it “absolute nonsense.” Lord Hayward also told Express.co.uk that Sir Keir has failed to make an impact as leader. The Tory peer believes the Labour leader has left much of the public unsure of what he stands for. He said: "I am both surprised and disappointed at Starmer's failure to have a real impact. As a former senior lawyer, I thought there would have been a phrase or two of his which stuck in people's minds. DON'T MISSBoris Johnson faces test as the 'Battle of Wakefield' draws near [INSIGHT]Ferrari erupts at Sadiq Khan over 'shameful' charges during strikes  [ANALYSIS]'Pick a side' Jon Kay grills Lucy Powell on Labour's stance on strike [INSIGHT] "He has been presented with an open goal on Partygate for eight months, and yet, with the exception of the word 'resign', I can't think of many phrases that have stuck in the mind. "I'm surprised he hasn't adjusted his technique at the dispatch box. It indicates a failure to attract attention. "If you look at the opinion polls from when he had been leader for a year, there were about a third of the population where if you asked what you think of Starmer on any given issue, they would say 'don't know'. "I expected that 'don't know' figure would go down to possibly a fifth of the population. In fact, it is remarkably static. Virtually any question will produce a 'don't know' result."