Megan Markle has been a fashion icon for over a decade, from hitting the small screen in Suits to becoming a royal. But even the best of us have the odd style mishap. Personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Meghan Markle's most recent outfit. Melissa started by emphasising the obvious: the Duchess of Sussex typically looks wonderful. "I have to say that Meghan has great taste and a good figure." But the issue the Duchess has, according to the expert, is that she sometimes "does not pay enough attention to her body shape and proportions". This means that despite her clothes being "gorgeous in theory", they occasionally "don’t look as good as they could" in person. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex is pretty in pink today at Royal Ascot The expert analysed the most recent of these looks. Meghan did look stunning in a Dior Haute Couture pearl coloured coat at the National Service of Thanksgiving over the Jubilee weekend. However, Melissa's trained eye spotted just a few style faux pas that the Duchess could have avoided. She explained: "Meghan is a good height and she’s slim with lovely long legs in relation to her torso. "Having a short torso (nape to waist length) means that anything where the belt is on her natural waist will make her torso look too short for her body." This was the case at the Jubilee celebrations. Melissa continued: "A short torso often goes together with a relatively short neck and you can only wear this high neckline if you have a long neck." This meant that the coat actually "swallowed" Meghan's neck. And it was not helped, the expert claimed, by the Duchess' wide-brimmed white hat - "which she needed for the Jubilee". The expert continued: "There were also a few wrinkles in this coat which definitely shouldn’t have been there, particularly because it was haute couture. "A case of not enough fittings? Definitely a case of not paying attention to detail." The coat dress also didn't do the Duchess' figure justice, according to the stylist. Meghan is extremely slim and toned, but the expert suggested this didn't exactly come across. Firstly, because Meghan was wearing something underneath the coat, it "added pounds to her frame". Melissa added: "Meghan has very slim legs so she needs to avoid a skirt with too much volume as this will make her legs look too skinny. "The Dior coat was a prime offender here." In contrast to Meghan, other female royals were able to create a "slim silhouette" through their choice of garments. Kate Middleton, for example, wore a dainty butter yellow dress which nipped in her fabulous waist.