Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has no plans to bring Gareth Bale back to the club, despite the winger's recent World Cup heroics with Wales. The 32-year-old will be a free agent at the end of the month after running down his contract at Real Madrid. Since his exit from Real was officially confirmed earlier this month, Bale has been linked with a host of clubs, including Tottenham. Speculation was rife that the Welshman could retire if Wales failed to reach the World Cup, but Bale inspired Rob Page's men to a 1-0 win over Ukraine on Sunday to send Wales to their first World Cup since 1958. Despite Bale's influential displays for his country, a new report from The Telegraph has revealed that Conte has no plans to bring the winger back to Tottenham for a third spell. The report claims that Daniel Levy - who instigated Bale's return to the club on loan two years ago - will not go against the wishes of Conte and managing director of football Fabio Paratici, who are not interested in pursuing a deal for the former Southampton man. That means Bale will have to consider a move elsewhere as he bids to keep sharp ahead of the showpiece tournament, which is due to kick off in Qatar in November. One option that could be presented to Bale is an emotional switch to his hometown club, Cardiff City. The Championship outfit are now bossed by former Wales ace Steve Morison, who could hand Bale a career lifeline. Meanwhile, the report claims that Bale has interest from overseas. MLS side DC United are thought to be interested in Bale, who managed just seven La Liga appearances for Real this year. Despite his limited action in Spain, Bale has continued to inspire his country. The winger produced another dazzling display to get Wales over the line in Cardiff against Ukraine, who dominated the majority of the match. It was Bale's free-kick that was diverted by Andriy Yarmolkenko to clinch a historic result for Wales, who had failed to qualify for the World Cup in 54 years prior to Sunday's triump. Meanwhile, Tottenham are expected to be busy in the transfer market after Conte guided the Londoners back into the Champions League. The Italian has already rubber-stamped the signing of Croatian star Ivan Perisic, while Spurs have also been linked with the likes of Alessandro Bastoni and Gabriel Jesus.