Former Love Island star Amy Hart and First Dates waitress CiCi Coleman joined Richard Madeley and Ranvir Singh on Good Morning Britain to discuss whether daters are “too quick to get the ick”. However, ITV viewers didn’t consider the debate “news worthy” and questioned why it had been scheduled on the programme. An ick is a dating term which describes the moment attraction turns to disgust. Kicking off the debate, Amy listed off her top icks: “Being rude to waiters is my main one because I used to work in the service industry and people would be rude to me all the time. “If anyone is rude to service people then that is a complete no to me. “Bad dancing, weird running, weird shoes and wearing shoes with no socks.” Read more: GMB viewers lash out at remainer protester 'Get some security!' Richard interjected: “I agree with that you’ve got to have socks with shoes. “When you say bad running, this has been a common one this morning people saying they saw their partner-to-be running for a bus and that was it it was all over. Why is running a problem?” Amy replied: “My boyfriend did it he ran for a taxi in a weird way and I was like, ‘What are you doing?’ “He said, ‘It was a joke, it was a joke,’ so I did allow him.” GMB viewers were confused by the debate and took to Twitter to comment. @Stuie_Tweetz tweeted: “I thought GMB was a news show not an awful comedy show. Since when the hell is anyone from Love Island classed as news worthy.” @AnneWest39 questioned: “Really!! Is there no real news to report.” “Omg is this really what this programme has come to I thought it was supposed to be a news & current affairs programme,” @JT__8500. (sic) DON'T MISSMadeley shuts down claims Prince William can modernise monarchy [INSIGHT] 'I'm not talking twaddle' Richard Madeley hits back at RMT boss [VIDEO]Susanna Reid absent from GMB as ITV confirm return date [INSIGHT] @derrickfarr wrote: “@amyhart1707 Jeeeeez ! I didn't think this 'program' could sink any lower. The 'ick' ? Wheres my remote ?” @JosephFairless shared: “#GMB I used to really enjoy this show. The journalism was always respectable. “If ‘getting the ick’ is really a topic you think people are going to switch on when there is so much going on in the world then somebody needs to reconsider their position.” Elsewhere in the debate, CiCi explained the difference between “the ick and your relationship non-negotiable”. She said: “When you’re going into a relationship you have your standards, your beliefs, your boundaries that is slightly different from what I think the ick is. “The ick can be something like someone said weird and you think, ‘Oh god that’s creeped me out I’ve got the ick.’ “Whereas if it’s like Amy said about the weird run I can see how that would turn into the ick but you’re still in a relationship with that guy so it wasn’t put you off.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.