Tui, Britain's biggest holiday firm, is still selling holidays from Manchester leaving this weekend. Seven-day breaks to destinations such as Majorca, Gran Canaria, Morocco and Mexico are being sold for as much as £1,500 per person. The travel operator announced on Tuesday that it has cancelled nearly 200 flights between now and the end of June. Other operators also cancelled flights, with 31 easyJet flights scrapped at Gatwick on Tuesday. Meanwhile, British Airways cancelled at least 124 short-haul flights at London Heathrow Airport yesterday. According to aviation data firm Cirium, a total of 291 departures from major UK airports were cancelled over the course of last week. UK airports have seen huge queues in the leadup to the bank holiday, with one easyJet passenger describing the situation as "carnage". Speaking to the MailOnline, they said: "Took two hours 45 minutes to get through - most of that was bag drop. "Now on the aircraft, but due to shortage of ground crew, there's going to be another delay of approximately 50 minutes." Another said they had to wait for more than two and a half hours to get their luggage after landing at Gatwick just before 3am. He said it was "simply not good enough". Unite's General Secretary, Sharon Graham, said that British aviation bosses "should hang their heads in shame". But Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel magazine, accused people of playing "the blame game". He said: "The blame game over staff shortages and flight cancellations is no help at all to passengers, who need instant action to bring an end to the airport chaos that is causing so much misery and leaving many people out of pocket, with little hope of getting all their money back." The police were called in to help with chaos at Manchester airport earlier this week. But a Home Office source described it as an "appalling waste of police resources from airlines who should know better". Speaking to the Telegraph, they added: "Airlines need to get a grip and focus on delivering for their customers. DON'T MISS: Travel Chaos: BRITISH passengers sensationally blamed for holiday hell [REVEAL] Britain set for thunder and 'sustained' downpours in Jubilee 'washout' [INSIGHT] Britons told NOT to kill wasps and build 'bug hotels' instead [REPORT] "They can’t expect the state to repeatedly bail them out. "This is all a problem of their own making. They treated staff appallingly through the pandemic. "They didn’t innovate and didn’t come up with a solution but just came complaining to the Government." However, the Liberal Democrats have called for the Government to go further and deploy the army to help ease the queues, saying that "drastic action" much be taken. Sarah Olney, the party's spokesperson said: "The chaotic scenes at airports up and down the country have been nothing short of a complete disaster. "We need drastic action now to tackle this travel carnage and break the logjam. "That's why drafting Britain's best and brightest logistics minds from the Army to get things moving again is a no-brainer. "Conservative ministers need to get a grip on this chaos at the 11th hour to save the jubilee weekend. "Empowering the Army to run point from a command centre would do just that."