It is important to understand though, please don’t blame the garage forecourts, they are not at the heart of the blatant profiteering. The foul stench of avarice is further up the diesel and petrol delivery network and it is rife. In fact, many garage owners are held to ransom in contractual relationships they cannot change at short notice. With ridiculously higher than necessary prices at the pumps, the Government cannot afford to ignore supporting the economy and drivers from being continually fleeced. When oil prices rise and fall, millions of drivers have absolutely no idea what subsequently, they will pay at the pumps each time they fill up their vehicles. It is never, ever, the same price. There is no consistency, logic or clarity to the way pump prices are calculated. It remains a closely guarded secret in the fuel supply chain. Gluttonous fuel wholesalers must explain why diesel prices in particular are currently so high at the pumps, compared with unleaded petrol. It makes no sense whatsoever because derv wholesale costs are in fact considerably less than petrol. For example, on May 30 2022 the wholesale price of diesel was 9p less than petrol, but the price of diesel at the pumps was 10p more than unleaded. This deceitful rip-off price gap between petrol and diesel shows why the independent pricing watchdog, PumpWatch I have longed called for, is not only prudent, but way overdue and essential to help reduce the current cost-of-living crisis. On top of yet another diesel-gate, oil businesses and fuel wholesale companies must also justify why profits per litre at the pumps have doubled for both petrol and diesel in the last three years compared to the previous six years. And there is of course, what has alerted Boris to introducing PumpWatch, that matter of the 6p Duty + VAT cut announced in the Spring Statement that still has yet to materialise in full at the pumps. The RAC say just 2p was passed onto drivers. In fact, FairFuelUK believes with that welcome fuel tax cut and if PumpWatch had already been in place, diesel for example, should be 10p to 15p per litre lower at the pumps. If such lower prices were in place now, what would their impact do for the economy, inflation, and disposable income? They certainly would fend off a looming recession. So, Boris, introduce PumpWatch, cut fuel duty and VAT by 20p per litre and set up a Competition and Market Authority enquiry to make clear to everyone the methodology behind the secret and opaque world of pump pricing in the Fuel Supply Chain. Do all these, and your government’s popularity will rocket.