Gary Lineker was critical of England manager Gareth Southgate’s decision not to play Liverpool full-back Trent Alexander-Arnold in Tuesday’s 1-1 draw with Germany. The former England striker tweeted: "England trail and continue to struggle to pass the ball to each other and create anything, while the best passer in English football remains on the bench. That would be @TrentAA if you weren’t sure." Alexander-Arnold did not get on the pitch as Southgate started full-backs Kieran Trippier and Kyle Walker. He did praise Southgate for one of his substitutions however, and said: "The introduction of @JackGrealish has made a difference. You have to take chances to make things happen at this level." Harry Kane scored his 50th goal for England from the penalty spot to cancel out Jonas Hofmann's second half opener, and Lineker was full of praise for the Tottenham Hotspur striker. "50 goals for @HKane. Fabulous achievement." Lineker wrote on Twitter. "England play so much better when they have a go. Too much talent to play overly cautious and it doesn’t play to their strengths." Speaking to Channel 4 after the game, Kane said: "Really nice feeling [to score]. I had a couple of chances earlier, the first one was over the bar and Manuel Neuer made a good save for the second. We kept going and played our best football in the last half an hour. Good to get the goal and a shame not to nick it at the end. I love scoring goals, I have always loved it especially for my country. Whenever I can help the team I am glad to do that. Former Everton midfielder Leon Osman was also impressed with Kane. "Harry Kane stepped up in that crucial moment," the 41-year-old said. "He had a good game. He was the one brought down for the penalty. He put it in the net with real assurance. "England started the second half really slowly. Once they had to chase the game and especially once Grealish came on, they looked the team we believe they are. They believed they were going to get the goal back. You felt they were going to get that goal. They had a coule of chances before the penalty." England remain bottom of the Nations League group A3, with one point following their opening game defeat to Hungary. The other match in the group saw Italy defeat Hungary 2-1, with Nicolo Barella and Lorenzo Pellegrini scoring for Roberto Mancini's side.