The ITV soap which has been on air for 50 years received the most-coveted award of the night. Emmerdale's award came just minutes after Paige Sandhu who played killer Meena Jutla won Best Leading Performer, which was voted for by viewers. The cast erupted in cheers as the it was called out as the winner, before taking to the stage. Karen Blick, who plays Lydia Hart, spoke on behalf of the cast and told viewers: "It means the world as it is a public vote. “Well done to the whole team who did not go off-air for the whole of the pandemic. "It is an absolute honour in our 50th year, there is going to be more drama in the Dales.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Triple exit for beloved villagers in tragedy The actress added: “This is for everybody back in Yorkshire for the ADs, we are delighted and honoured. “Now we can go to the bar! Now we can go to the bar!” Viewers were thrilled with the result as @LucasMichael tweeted: “Emmerdale deservedly the big winner there. They had a great 2021. “They've got a lot to live up to for the rest of the year. Glad to see that Eastenders took home a few as well. The one soap I religiously watch #SoapAwards.” @CallumKeith999 posted: “#SoapAwards #Emmerdale with a clean sweep of the Viewer Voted Categories! Huge congrats to them and all of the other soaps that won in their respective categories! Here's to another year... hopefully.” @AmyJoanne shared: “I've not watched Emmerdale in years but seen clips here and there of storylines so i have to say well done to them #SoapAwards #soapawards2022.” It was just one of many awards won by the ITV soap with the Dingles winning Best Family. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu makes dramatic entrance in ethereal gown at Soap Awards [PICTURES]Gemma Atkinson fans cry as she says dad died so nephew could live [VIDEO]Emmerdale fans ‘uncover’ Andrea Tate’s brother living in village [THEORY] Sam Dingle star James Hooton dedicated the award to late actor Andy Devine who played Shadrach Dingle in the show for almost a decade. He said: "He died in January and none of us knew about it until recently. This is for him." Mark Charnock also accepted the award for Best Dramatic Performance for his stroke storyline. The actor said of his win "not enough is being done" to fundraise for research into stroke and "more needs to be done". He added he will always "be in debt" to the two stroke survivors who helped him research for the role. Speaking on the red carpet before the ceremony he remarked: “I wasn't expecting the nominations which makes it such a lovely surprise, the most important thing is trying to get the storyline right for people who have gone through it so that was the main thing. "It was challenging to film but only in a sense that we wanted to get it right, so the main thing is the response from people who have gone through it which has been fantastic." British Soap Awards is available to stream on the ITV Hub now.