Receiving a damehood from Prince William at her home may have been one of Deborah James’ proudest moments but it seems as though meeting the charity campaigner had a similar effect on the royal as he was ‘overawed’ by meeting her. Russell spoke about the impact meeting the Bowelbabe had on the Duke of Cambridge during Wednesday's Lorraine on ITV. Lorraine Kelly paid tribute to her friend on Wednesday after it was announced Deborah had passed away at home on Tuesday evening after a long battle with bowel cancer. Speaking about the 40-year-old, the Scottish presenter told royal editor Russell when she received her damehood from Prince William in May, she thinks it was one of Deborah’s proudest moments. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams label of 'British' players 'Raducanu's English!' Speaking about the day she received the honour, Lorraine said she knew it meant a lot to her with Russell highlighting that it was also one of Prince William’s proudest days. “One of her proudest moments, her family’s, but Prince Williams too. "I know that he privately told people how absolutely overawed he was by meeting Deborah. "He described her as ‘brilliant, brave, inspirational.'"   Russell continued: “He went on to tell people at the Royal Marsden, where he is president and will benefit so much from the amazing amount of money Deborah has raised, how incredible she was. “Her legacy will live on. You talk not only about her legacy but also her inspirational zest for life in her final months. “She was still out and about living her best life as she put it. “Going to Glenbourne, she was seen at Royal Ascot, she went to the Chelsea Flower Show. She was really doing it for everyone going through a hard battle and some of the tributes you’ve heard today are phenomenal.” DON'T MISS:Gloria Hunniford recalls daughter's final days after Dame Deborah Lorraine Kelly breaks down in tears paying tribute to Deborah JamesBen Wallace loses it at Adil Ray accusation ‘Complete hogwash!’ Lorraine mentioned it was "really unusual" for a senior member of the Royal Family to go to someone’s house, sit in their garden and enjoy a glass of bubbly while making someone a dame. She told Russell it "just doesn’t happen” before adding Prince William was “determined” to make it happen and as quickly as possible as people didn’t know how long Deborah had left to live. After hearing the news of her passing, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared a personal statement paying tribute to Deborah. Taking to Twitter, the royals wrote:"We are so sad to hear the heartbreaking news about Dame Deborah.   "Our thoughts are with her children, her family and her loved ones. "Deborah was an inspirational and unfalteringly brave woman whose legacy will live on." They signed off the tweet with their initials, W and C. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am  