Angela Scanlon joined Jermaine Jenas on the green sofas on Thursday as The One Show’s usual presenter Alex Jones missed another day of presenting duties. Over on Instagram, Alex took to her personal page to send a sweet message to wish Angela the best before she filled in for the BBC talk show. Alex shared Angela’s social media message on her Instagram Stories, adding a kiss emoji for good luck. “Sitting in for my pal, Al, tonight on the One Show,” Angela told her 248k followers. “With Jermaine. Currently getting myself pumped,” she added. Alex’s Instagram page was packed with updates from the TV presenter as she prepared her new role for the BBC, Reunion Hotel. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney She’ll be hosting the six-part series, which will reunite people who were once part of each other’s lives. Her latest post featured herself walking through the hotel gardens in a summery white dress in preparation for the shoot. “Hello, lovely people. I’m here at Reunion Hotel,” she told her 338k followers. “This is going to be a brand new show on BBC Two, and we’d love to invite you to have your own special reunion.” “There’s lovely gardens, it’s a beautiful place. Here are the details.” The presenter then posted a call for viewers to apply for a place on the new show. The advert reads: “Are you desperate to be reunited with someone special from your past? “Is there someone you always wanted to say thank you or sorry to but never had the chance? Or someone you just can’t forget?” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things season 4 theory: Steven and Robin deaths ‘sealed’ [THEORY]The Last Kingdom star exposes Haesten deleted scene [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5: Kelly Reilly teases Beth’s downfall [INTERVIEW] “Alex Jones opens the door of the Reunion Hotel for a once-in-a-lifetime chance to meet them again.” Alex also added a lush snap of an idyllic brick pavilion, which she suggested could be the perfect location for a “dreamy summer wedding”. In an earlier statement, she said: “To be able to play an integral part in the reunion of lost friendships, family members and past loves is very exciting. “I’m so looking forward to checking into the hotel to help bring these heartwarming stories to life, and helping the guests reconnect with a piece of their lives they thought had been lost.” Reunion Hotel will air in early 2023 which could mean Alex will be missing more hosting duties over the coming weeks. On Tuesday’s edition of The One Show, Angela joined Jermaine to speak to comedian Joel Dommett and his wife Hannah Cooper about their new podcast, Never Have I Ever. They also chatted to Eat Well For Less’s Chris Bavin and received some essential gardening tips from Gardeners’ World presenter Adam Frost. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.