Elaine (played by Paula Wilcox) has made several comebacks and exits since she first appeared as the long-lost mother of Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) on Coronation Street in 2020. It has been explained she had a toxic relationship with Geoff Metcalfe (Ian Bartholomew) due to his controlling and abusive ways, meaning she missed out on most of her son's life. However, the tables will turn in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap as she will catch the eye of someone else who is returning to the cobbles. The beloved character returns next week as she makes a visit to Weatherfield to see her son in light of his recent heart problems. She will also catch up with Brian Packham (Peter Gunn), who recently broke up with his partner, Cathy Matthews (Melanie Hill). As the pair are walking past the barbers, they hear someone crying out for help and with no way of getting inside, Brain goes to get David Platt (Jack P Shepherd). Whilst he's gone, Elaine tries to keep Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls) talking as it's clear she has been injured somehow. What Tim's mother doesn't realise is the person who ends up knocking down the door to save the stalwart is Audrey's son, Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce). READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns Seeing how strong he is and how he managed to take the door down with ease, Elaine is nightly impressed and it seems this is the start of a budding relationship between the two characters. The actor who plays Stephen, Todd, has spoken about his character's new romance immediately after he makes his return to the cobbles. Todd explained: "First off quite quickly, there's a bit of a sort of an attraction between him and Elaine. "Historically he was a bit of a toyboy and I love the repetition of that, he seems to be attracted to ladies who are a little bit older than him. "Not as much older as in the past but he definitely isn't after the younger women on the street," the soap star said. Discussing Stephen's relationship past, Todd added: "I think he's looking for some security. "I know someone who lost his mum at a young age and he's always dated older women. There's something of a replacement possibly. "Although he's not lost his mum, Stephen has not had her around, so has he always been looking for something in the women he has dated." It, therefore, seems Stephen and Elaine are going to hit it off as Tim's mother is very maternal and has shown this on quite a few occasions. If they were to get together, it would be a way of Elaine appearing a bit more frequently on the show instead of leaving to return again. DON'T MISS...Corrie's Matthew Marsden details 'crazy' experience with Beyonce [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Sue Cleaver weight loss: Soap star dropped 3st without strict diet [ANALYSIS] However, with Todd explaining his character needs security, this is a huge hint Elaine and Stephen could end up getting married. Stephen would be the first man Elaine has let into her life, let alone marry, since the end of her relationship with Geoff. Although it would seem the businessman is the whole package, Tim could be jealous of being replaced in his mother's life. He also wouldn't want her to go through what she did with Geoff again so he would be super protective of the beloved character. Could she finally be getting her happy ever after or will someone else catch Stephen's eye and divert his attention away from Elaine? Tim having a stepfather would also bring a whole new dynamic to the beloved character as he tries to navigate how he feels about Stephen. As well as comical moments, he could also bond with Stephen as they both didn't have their birth mothers in their life growing up. It would be the start of a new bromance, with Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) feeling more pushed out of her husband's life as he finds someone else to spend time with. However, will she begin meddling with the relationship so she can spend more with her other half? The one benefit she would get from it would be if Elaine is occupied with Stephen, she wouldn't spend so much time doting on her son all the time. The actress who plays Elaine, Paula, has spoken about her stints on the show and how she feels lucky to have been asked back. Paula explained: "Just before the pandemic hit, I was asked to play Elaine in Coronation Street. "I turned up for work on the first day, and within a matter of days, the studio closed because of Covid. So, I came back as soon as the studio reopened to finish my story. "As luck would have it, the producers have asked me back several times since then so Coronation Street and two other series I worked on have kept me busy all through the lockdown. "I’m aware that I’m one of the very lucky ones," she said in an interview with Ring Side Report World News. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.