Netflix’s highly acclaimed science fiction series Stranger Things took the world by storm after it returned to screens last week. Its release seemed to have also rocked the streaming platform after its fourth season smashed viewership records.  Stranger Things’ fourth season was one of the most anticipated shows to return to screens after fans were made to wait almost three years for its release. As season three had ended on a major cliffhanger, fans were eager to see what the instalment had in store for the Hawkin’s group of friends. However, due to the pandemic and a number of unexpected delays, the show was pushed back. As a result, fans swarmed Netflix on the premiere to not only get ahead of spoilers but to also find out the fates of their favourite characters. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry Netflix doc slammed for Jubilee presence by Ferrari Due to this, Stranger Things returned in full force and completely smashed Netflix's viewership records. After season four was released, the streaming platform logged its biggest premiere weekend ever for an original series with 286.79million hours viewed. These numbers broke the original records set by Bridgerton which brought in 193million hours viewed in March. However, this wasn’t the only record the series broke.  According to Deadline, this was the first season of Stranger Things to hold the number one spot in 83 countries. Setting yet another record, the series also reached the Top 10 in all 93 countries Netflix is tracking. Not only was this news great for the showrunners, but also for Netflix bosses after it was revealed they had lost a significant amount of subscribers. In April, the company reported a loss of subscribers for the first time in more than a decade.  DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald fumes over filming interruption 'Punch their lights out' [INSIGHT]Stranger Things plot hole: How did Kali survive the lab massacre? [PLOT HOLE]Stranger Things season 4: Major plot hole from comics explained [EXPLAINER] Contributing to this was the platform's recent increase in its monthly subscription, which was one of the many costs to rise this year. However, with Stranger Things’ recent viewership records it’s likely to have made a significant change for the network. The release of season four also boosted the viewing hours of the show’s previous seasons. As recorded during the premiere weekend, season one raked in 38million hours viewed, season two had 22.2million hours viewed and season three wasn't far off with 24.3million hours viewed.  The show could be in for another huge record when part two of season four returns in July. Speaking on why they chose to split the instalment, the Duffer Brothers stated: “Given the unprecedented length, and to get it to you as soon as possible, Season 4 will be released in two volumes.” Thankfully for fans, Stranger Things will return to screens for a fifth season, however, it will be the final instalment of the sci-fi favourite.  Stranger Things season four, part two will return to Netflix on Friday, July 1. 