The Rossiya-1 anchor ridiculed attempts from Poland to dismiss Moscos'w nuclear threats, insisting Warsaw should expect to come under fire as it lacks appropriate defence mechanisms. Shakhnazarov insisted Poland "should be scared" at the prospect of a nuclear strike as he mocked Russia's neighbour over its apparent lack of scientists and defence personnel. He said: "We'll take whatever we need from Europe and then turn our a** to them. "By its nature, Russia is an empire. Russia is the natural heir of the Tatar Mongols who created the first empire in Eurasia. "About the speech of Duda, which infuriated me to the bottom of my soul, perhaps Poland should remember its borders of 1939. "He says, 'if we fear Russia's nuclear weapons, we might as well surrender. Should we get scared and obey Putin's directives, and fulfill his political goals in Europe just because we fear nuclear weapons?' "Here's what I would say to Mr Duda. It's very cynical, but if you live with wolves, learn how to howl. I would respond that yes, you should [be scared]." JUST IN: Putin’s ‘superweapons’ rendered useless as Russia’s ‘glaring capability gaps’ exposed He continued: "That's how this world works, if you aren't capable of creating such weapons to defend yourself with, if you don't have engineers, scientists, industry, then you have to take into account that other countries will be determining how you live. It's just the way it is." Fellow Putin apologist Vladimir Solovyov welcomed the Russian President for admitting Moscow is now on a path to enlargement after seemingly hinting at plans to extend its goals past Ukraine. Solovyov said: "Putin talks about reinforcing and enlargement because returning means enlargement. READ MORE: Russia readies terrifying 'Satan 2' missile for launch /news/science/1622573/putin-superweapons-sarmat-kinzhal-ukraine-war-russia "What we've lost before now we need to take back. This is a totally different formulation of our goal. "Life is getting to be interesting. Since we're going to be enlarging, if we need auto parts, let's enlarge towards the places where those factories are located. "I'm also still peeved about Lake Como villas. Let's enlarge in that direction." Solovyov lost access to his properties in northern Italy after they were seized by the local Government as part of extensive sanctions against Russian oligarchs and prominent figures. DON'T MISS How the UK, US and their allies could respond to a nuclear attack [REVEAL] Putin’s war ‘backfiring’ as US strikes nuclear deal with Ukraine [INSIGHT] Biden humiliated as Russia and Iran strikes major 20-year energy deal [REPORT] Putin paid tribute to Tsar Peter the Great, who he said had taken back territory that was Russia's during a long war with Sweden from 1700 to 1721. He specifically mentioned Narva, which belongs to Estonia, one of the three Baltic States and a NATO member. Estonia's foreign minister Andres Sutt said Ambassador Vladimir Lipayev had been summoned "to condemn recent statements by President Putin including his comments on the Estonian city of Narva." In a statement following Putin's comments, Mr Sutt: "At a time when Russia is ... trying to destroy the statehood and people of Ukraine, it is also completely unacceptable," it added. The Russian leader compared Peter's campaign with the task facing Russia, which invaded Ukraine in February. Estonia was part of the Russian empire for more than two centuries before gaining its independence in 1918. In 1940 the Soviet Union annexed the country, which did not regain its independence until 1991.