Earlier this year, Benjamin Taylor was found critically injured at a bus stop outside Herne Bay railway station in Kent. The 22-year-old had recently booked a taxi home when he was discovered next to an alleyway by a passerby on February 19. The man phoned the emergency services and followed CPR instructions over the phone, reports Kent Live. CPR attempts were continued when emergency services arrived at the scene and PC Harris explained how Benjamin was still alive 10.30pm - approximately an hour after he had been found. He was subsequently taken to William Harvey Hospital in Ashford.  Despite the best efforts of medical staff, he had suffered significant brain injuries and died in hospital four days later on February 23. He was pronounced dead at 1.16pm. Benjamin, who was born in Margate, was first spotted in the area near Herne Bay station on CCTV at 9.07pm, an inquest into his death at County Hall in Maidstone heard yesterday (June 7). Enquiries were carried out by D.S. Julian Kite, who explained that police were satisfied that there was no third party involvement in the incident. He also noted how Benjamin had reported feeling "low and depressed". Benjamin last had contact with his mum to discuss dinner plans for the night, in which he had said he wanted fish and chips. He also had plans in place to meet up with friends in Birchington a few days later, as well as his driving test being booked for June. Assistant Coroner Sonia Hayes recorded a narrative conclusion. She said: "I am satisfied that Benjamin did put himself in this position. "I do understand that he had been feeling low but it is not clear to me what his intentions were. I am conscious that he did this in a place where there were people around. "It may have been impulsive. But I am satisfied that he would have understood that this is a dangerous act. "I am not completely satisfied that Benjamin did not intend the outcome to be fatal. "He may have intended to be found and indeed he was. He later died of an hypoxic brain injury." James Collins, who set up a fundraiser in Benjamin's memory, spoke to KentLive in March. He said: "The response to the fundraiser was amazing. "It literally blew up over night, it was a nice comfort to his family and friends to see just how highly people thought of Ben. "We set the goal amount not knowing it would actually reach it, but at 114 donations and way over target, that shows just how amazing he was to many people. "Ben is so missed, and nothing will bring him back but by helping others in need that is our goal for the future."