Cristiano Ronaldo could link-up with his former boss Jose Mourinho at Roma after the Italian club’s ex-defender Fabio Petruzzi claimed that they were “trying everything” to thrash out a deal for the ace. Ronaldo, who signed for Manchester United for a second time last summer, played under Mourinho for three years during his time at Real Madrid. Ronaldo’s first season back at Old Trafford proved to be a miserable affair as United suffered a dismal season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his interim successor Ralf Rangnick. And speculation has been rife this summer that the Portugal international could be set to call time on his Red Devils career once and for all. The 37-year-old certainly isn’t short of admirers and is now being pursued by Roma, according to a report in Italian publication Retesport, who spoke to Petruzzi. And the club is trying every way to secure a deal. Ronaldo has been one of the best players in world football for the last 15 years and has won virtually everything there is to win in the game. During Mourinho’s second season at the helm in Madrid, Ronaldo bagged a remarkable 46 La Liga goals in just 38 games as Real won the title with 100 points. And Mourinho lauded his compatriot for that wonderful campaign after later returning to Chelsea for a second spell but admitted he no longer had a relationship with the player. READ MORE: Man Utd wonderkid 'has offers from England' as Erik ten Hag faces call   “The relationship does not exist,” Mourinho revealed in 2013. “He plays for Real Madrid and I'm at Chelsea. You would not find us hanging around together. I remember the good and the not so good. “I remember he is a goal machine, he helped me to become a champion, to win the cup and the Super Cup. He probably also helped him and each of us to make history in winning the league with 100 points against the best Barcelona side in history.” DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting' (NEWS)What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd move (INSIGHT)Cristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links (TRANSERS)      Ronaldo is said to be growing frustrated with United’s lack of transfer activity, with some reports suggesting the blockbuster star has handed his club an ultimatum. But new United boss Erik ten Hag has previously revealed he is excited at the prospect of managing the player. “I am looking forward to working with him,” Ten Hag said following his appointment earlier this summer. “Ronaldo is a giant, because of what he has already shown, and I think he is still very ambitious. Of course I want to keep him in. He has been very important for Manchester United this year and can show great statistics.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 