The Duchess of Sussex dazzled in a white outfit as she arrived at St Paul's Cathedral alongside Prince Harry to attend the service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign. Meghan and Harry smiled widely as they left their car and walked up the stairs of the London cathedral. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** However, they were received with mixed feelings by members of the public lined up outside the splendid cathedral. As noted by Sky News commentators, the couple were welcomed by a mix of cheers and boos. Nevertheless, the pair continued to smile while walking inside and while being greeted by clergymen in attendance. The couple held hands and appeared affectionate and in high spirits while taking their seat. While the pair were walking down the nave, Sky News commentator Rhiannon Mills briefly addressed the relationship between the Sussexes and the rest of the Firm by speaking of an "enormous snub". PICTURES: Harry spotted staring daggers as thunderous Duke fumes after UK crowds BOO him and Meghan She said: "Consistently they have said how they love and respect the Queen. "But however the fact it was suggested they did not tell her about their plans to step away from royal life I think was seen as an enormous snub to a woman that so many of us hold in such high regard." Meghan and Harry stressed during their interview with Oprah Winfrey last year they did not in any way blindside the Queen with their decision to exit the Royal Family. Rather, the Duke said while rejecting accusations he took the monarch by surprise with the statement released in January 2020 about the Sussexes' intention to carve out a new role for themselves, he had introduced his plans to her in late 2019 and was meant to discuss them in person upon his return to England from Canada in early 2020. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction During the service, Meghan and Harry sat near Jack Brooksbank and Princess Eugenie - with whom they share a close friendship. On the other hand, the Sussexes were metres apart from Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. This was likely due to the royal pecking order. The Prince of Wales was the highest-ranking member of the Firm in attendance today, as the Queen pulled out of the service after experiencing some "discomfort" during Trooping the Colour on Thursday.  She is believed to have watched the poignant service from her home in Windsor Castle. Meghan last attended a royal engagement of a similar magnitude in March 2020, when she took part in the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey. That marked her second-last engagement as a working royal, followed by a gathering at Buckingham Palace. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex officially bowed out of the Firm as its senior members at the end of March two years ago. They have since relocated to California and have been carving out a new path for themselves as non-working members of the Firm. The pair continue their non-profit work through supporting charities and their own foundation, but they have also struck a number of profitable deals, including as audio and video producers for Spotify and Netflix. Harry and Meghan announced last month their decision to travel back to the UK to celebrate in person the Queen's Jubilee. They crossed the pond with Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, providing the perfect occasion for their royal relatives to meet in person their daughter, born on June 4 last year. Given they are no longer working members of the Firm, they are only attending engagements open to the extended Royal Family. On Thursday, they were not among the royals who stepped onto the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast as the Queen decided only people carrying out royal duties could join her on this occasion. Nevertheless, they may make an appearance at Buckingham Palace tomorrow night, where an extraordinary concert is taking place in honour of the sovereign.