Some 3.4 million pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance which is paid to state pensioners who are physically or mentally disabled. Campaigners are reminding people it could be worth up to £370 a month as well as sharing tips for applying. Around £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year in the UK, something campaigners are highlighting as people struggle to meet the rising cost of living. One of the most underclaimed benefits is Attendance Allowance which is paid to people who have reached the state pension age of 66 who have a disability or condition that affects their everyday life. Pensioners are the group who are most likely to be missing out on benefits according to Age UK. To qualify for Attendance Allowance, pensioners don’t need to have a full time carer, although they will need to prove they need help with certain tasks. READ MORE: UK recession warning: Wages fall at fastest rate for a decade To qualify for Attendance Allowance, Britons need to have reached state pension age and have a disability or health condition which is severe enough for them to need help caring for themselves. They must have needed help for at least six months unless they are terminally ill. However, some people are put off claiming because they claim the process is too complicated. Express.co.uk has come up with eight tips which should help make the process a bit easier. DON'T MISSBritons could slash tax bill by ‘up to £1,220’ but thousands miss out [WARNING]Basic rate taxpayers could face higher tax charge - are you affected? [INSIGHT]State pension: Are you one of 770,000 people due £3,300 a year? [ALERT] Eight tips for filling in the Attendance Allowance claim form: It’s important to remember people can also ask Age UK for help when putting in a claim for DWP benefits like Attendance Allowance. Tom called Age UK to ask for help making sure his parents received the correct benefits and financial support. He said: 'As a result, my dad was awarded a lower-rate Attendance Allowance and got over £400 back in arrears. “My mum was awarded the higher-rate Attendance Allowance and she got more than £650 in arrears.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As well as Attendance Allowance another hugely underclaimed benefit is Pension Credit which could be worth around £3,000 a year. Nearly one million pensioners (850,000) aren’t claiming this despite the face they are entitled. Britons can conduct a benefits check by using the benefits calculator on the Age UK website. Or they can speak to an adviser if they prefer by calling 0800 678 1602.