Chelsea have been rumoured with a blockbuster move for Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar this summer, and the transfer has already been encouraged by the Brazilian’s international team-mate at the club. Neymar could move away from Paris this summer and follow Mauricio Pochettino out the door, with a potential move to the Premier League mentioned. Neymar has failed to win the Champions League since his sensational £200million move to PSG from Barcelona in 2017, and could leave following the appointments of advisor Luis Campos and head coach Christophe Galtier. Neymar’s situation has reportedly been monitored by Chelsea and would be a statement signing by new owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly. On his international team-mate’s future, Chelsea defender Silva has clarified he wants the 30-year-old to join him at Stamford Bridge. “He has to go to Chelsea,” Silva told Brazilian outlet JC. “If it happens, it will be for the best. He needs no comments… So far, I don’t know anything, but I hope it comes to fruition.” French outlet Le Parisien believe that Silva’s comment was not the first one he has made, but just the first in public. They claim that the former PSG captain “did not speak by chance” and has spoken to Neymar on several occasions about a move to Chelsea. JUST IN: Man Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck' He could join Raheem Sterling and Raphinha into Stamford Bridge, as the Blues are reportedly frontrunners for the England star’s signature and are in advanced talks to sign Leeds winger Raphinha, despite late interest from Barcelona. Speaking to talkSPORT, both Darren Bent and Jack Wilshere insisted that they would rather sign Sterling than Neymar if Chelsea had to make that decision. “I would rather take Raheem Sterling over Neymar in the Premier League,” Bent said. “Sterling, you know what you’re going to get.” Wilshere replied: “It is a hard one, I like them both. Going on the cautious side you would take Sterling, because you know what you get. DON'T MISS Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn  “He is proven. If you were taking a gamble and had all the money in the world which some of these teams do, you would probably take both, or just take Neymar.” PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi has claimed that there will be a change of culture at the French giant, and was asked by Le Parisien whether Neymar will remain at the club. “A possible departure of Neymar this summer? What I can tell you is that we expect all players to do a lot more than last season,” he said. “A lot more. They all have to be 100 per cent. Obviously, we weren't good enough to go far. “For next season, the objective is clear: to work every day at 200 per cent. To give everything we have for this jersey, give the maximum and we will see the result. You have to become humble again. You have to change to avoid injuries, suspensions and fouls that change a game.”