Telly addicts will be treated to a new way to tune into content later this year with ITV launching its refreshed ITVX service. This updated free streaming platform, which features over 9,000 hours of telly, is expected to arrive in the autumn and it seems there's plenty to look forward to including exclusive access to new shows and a new way to watch the very latest boxsets. Along with all the usual access to classic TV shows, ITV is promising that those who log in will get the chance to view content long before it's aired on terrestrial TV. Exclusive shows that will be available on ITVX before they come to ITV's main channel include the cold war drama A Spy Among Friends starring Damian Lewis and Guy Pearce. There's also provocative new teen drama Tell Me Everything, and gripping four-part thriller Without Sin starring Vicky McClure. ITV is boasting that at least one flagship show will then launch on ITVX per week with the TV firm saying that this new service will be, "a complete re-imagining of existing catch-up service ITVHub." In addition to the series premiering and streaming exclusively on ITVX, the service will also be launching full series’ of upcoming flagship ITV shows on their first day of broadcast, allowing viewers to binge-watch rather than waiting for each episode to air. Along with those exclusives, ITVX will also include access to UK’s largest free film library and endless documentaries to watch. And it's not just the vast catalogue of content to browse and new shows launching every few days that ITV is borrowing from Netflix and its competitors. ITV X will keep tabs on your viewing habits and interests to intelligently recommended new boxsets and films that align with your tastes. This is found on almost all rival streaming services and is something that viewers have grown accustomed to. “The more you watch, the more ITVX gets to know you, with personalised suggestions," the company says. As we mentioned earlier, ITVX will be free to watch although those wanting even more content beamed to their telly will be able to pay a monthly fee. Those who subscribe to the premium option will get around 15,000 hours of shows and movies. ITV hasn't confirmed a final price for the paid-for subscription, but we'd imagine that it would fall somewhere between £3.99 and £6.99 per month - expect more news on pricing soon. Speaking about the upcoming launch, Carolyn McCall, ITV’s Chief Executive said: "The digital acceleration we are announcing today builds on everything we have achieved in phase one of our More Than TV strategy. ITVX will be a free service supported by adverts, with a compelling subscription proposition. This is fantastic for viewers - it will provide a simplified and seamless experience with thousands of hours of free content made up of both library and original exclusive content. The subscription tier will provide a premium offering and includes all of the content ad-free as well as BritBox and future SVOD content partners."