Doc Martin has been airing repeats of the comedy-drama on ITV ahead of the release of the show's final season. The TV series stars Dame Eileen Atkins as Aunt Ruth, who is the title character's (played by Martin Clunes) aunt. Fans are keen to find out more about the actress, including her age. Doc Martin has been airing for more than 10 years and the final season is due to air in the near future. The series welcomed Ruth Ellingham as the middle sister of Aunt Joan (Stephanie Cole), who died. After her sister’s passing, Joan left the farm to her sister Ruth. Instead of selling the farm, Ruth decided to stay and work on her novel. Dame Eileen Atkins became a fan-favourite for the role, and she would have been about 77 when she first played the character. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans The star is now 88 years old and she celebrates her birthday on June 16, 1934. This means she recently marked her special day and is still going strong when it comes to acting. Her last appearance was in 2019 when Doc Martin aired its ninth season. The show has been off-air since but season 10 is expected to air later in 2022. Back in 2019, the star opened up about filming difficult scenes for the series. She told KCET: "It was an awfully cold day and we were filming on the side of a cliff near Tintagel. "The day started well but by the end of the day, it was raining and nasty. "I remember doing the last scene and everyone shouting ‘do it in one take’. “That’s the perils of location filming. I always seem to get my heaviest scenes at the beginning when it's very cold. "I am one of the coldest people in the world anyway." DON'T MISS... Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details ‘horrible day’ on setDoc Martin original cast: Where are the cast now?Is Martin Clunes leaving Doc Martin? She went on to say how she was wearing "three sets of thermals and heat patches on [my] back". The feisty actress said she wished her character was even ruder in another interview in 2017. "It is not a hard part to play. Shall we say that? I love playing her, yes. I wish she was even ruder and tarter," she told TV Times. The English actress and screenwriter has worked in theatre, film, and TV since 1953. She was married to actor Julian Glover in 1957 and they divorced in 1966. In 1978 Atkins married her second husband, Bill Shepherd, and he died in June 2016. Living alone during the coronavirus lockdown, she completed her autobiography titled Will She Do? Fans will have to wait and see whether she reprises her role in the final season of Doc Martin.  Doc Martin airs on Tuesdays on ITV at 9pm.