Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, 46, will come to Parliament tomorrow with a bill to make provisions about the effect in domestic law of the Northern Ireland Protocol. Ms Truss, who took over her Brexit brief from Lord David Frost, 57, in December, is expected to announce a series of measures which could address Unionist concerns about Ulster's post-EU arrangements. The Government's recent move with Brussels could spark a dispute with disgruntled Tory backbenchers just days after Boris Johnson, 57, saw off 148 rebels who plotted his departure from Downing Street. According to the Telegraph, the European Union will not carry out its threat of a trade war against the UK following Ms Truss' appearance in the Commons tomorrow. The broadsheet also claimed the UK will not be afforded much special treatment for its response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Concerns from Paris and Berlin that Mr Johnson's Government will be breaking international law appear to outweigh gratitude from Warsaw and Tallinn. JUST IN: EU warned as Boris to unleash new Brexit plans TOMORROW 'Lawful and correct!' Dublin is even thought to believe the Brexit-backing European Research Group is now dictating the movement of the bill. However, while the ERG played a pivotal role in the downfall of Theresa May, 65, in 2019, their members were much more divided on whether Mr Johnson should remain Tory leader. Ex-ERG chairman and Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg, 53, claimed the Prime Minister's detractors were "hostile to Brexit" and even said the leadership ballot was a vote "to undermine the Brexit referendum". But Mr Rees-Mogg's comments came while ex-Brexit Minister Steve Baker, 51, and current ERG chairman Mark Francois, 56, publicly declared they had no confidence in Mr Johnson. READ MORE: 'Disingenuous' EU misleading over its Brexit deal plot as Truss set to retaliate However, Brussels is thought to hope the bill is another manifestation of the "madman" strategy. The alleged plan, also known as the "King Kong" strategy, suggests Britain hopes to acquire more concessions through threatening the continental bloc. The Telegraph has also claimed the European Commission has already drawn up a list of tariffs to impose against iconic British products made in the 'Red Wall' and in areas represented to the Tory Party's most vocal Brexiteers. But Maros Sefcovic, 55, will probably say he "takes note" of the bill and repeat warnings about the consequences from the continent. DON'T MISS: Tax cuts and energy bills! Boris urged to make changes to save his job [INSIGHT] Boris a major thorn in Xi and Putin's side as 'poodle' Macron shamed [ANALYSIS] Arsene Wenger warned Brexit could 'kill' Premier League [REVEAL] Mr Sefcovic is also expected to stress that the best solution is a negotiated one. The Government has also claimed negotiation is their preference.