Her Majesty the Queen hasn’t been seen since the Platinum Jubilee, but today she received the Archbishop of Canterbury as he presented her with a special Canterbury Cross for her “unstinting” service to the Church of England. Queen Elizabeth II looked ravishing in a floral dress. The Queen today wore a white dress decorated with pink flowers with green stems at Windsor Castle. She was pictured shaking the hand of Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Queen’s dress appeared to feature a print adorned with dark and light pink peonies. The dress had long sleeves and reached the Queen’s knees. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton’s ‘favourite’ exercises to ‘tone up by summer' It was a beautiful choice for such as summer day and, coincidentally, peonies are currently in season. The Queen accessorised with a pearl necklace and matching pearl earrings. She also wore a silver brooch, pinned to her left lapel. Interestingly, the Queen was without her usual three strings of pearls and wore only one long pearl necklace. Her Majesty also donned her usual gold wristwatch with a black wristband. On her feet she wore her crocodile print-embossed loafers, which feature a small heel and gold embellishment on the front. The Archbishop of Canterbury was in a purple outfit and donned a long silver chain featuring a large cross around his neck. The Queen welcomed the Archbishop in a room in Windsor Castle, which had red carpet and featured huge gold-framed portraits on the walls. The last time royal fans had seen the Queen before today was on Sunday, June 5, as she waved from the balcony at Buckingham Palace on the final day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. For the occasion, Her Majesty donned a simple but eye-catching green coat with a matching hat. The coat featured gold buttons running down the centre. The Queen’s hat was wide-brimmed and had a black, ball-shaped, Pom Pom-like embellishment in the middle, just above the bow that ran along its rim. Her brooch, pinned to the coat, was also a bow, and silver, while her necklaces were her iconic trio of pearls. Fashion expert Miranda Holder told Express.co.uk: “The Queen looked nothing short of stunning as she waved to her public from the balcony at Buckingham Palace on Sunday, the final day of the four-day Jubilee Celebrations. “The crowd couldn’t miss her. Her Majesty wore one of her signature bright colours of vivid green – rainbow colours being a favourite wardrobe strategy the palace often employs to ensure the crowd of thousands could easily spot their monarch. “Monotone colour has become a signature look for the Queen, who, herself a lover of fashion with definite opinions on what she doesn’t and doesn’t like, worked closely with her chief dresser, Angela Kelly when she first started at the Palace in the 90s to give her image a bit of an overhaul. “The result is what we see today: head to toe monochrome colour, from the coordinated hat to the bespoke Fulton Birdcage matching umbrella.”