Cats only require meat in their diet and do not need to consume vegetables, fruits or plants to keep healthy. While these curious creatures can’t always be watched while exploring the great outdoors, there are a few plants you should keep an eye out for in your garden. These are six of the ‘most toxic’ flowers that are considered poisonous to cats. While Cats Protection claims that most cats are “very wary” of eating anything unusual, it’s important to understand the potential dangers that your pet may face in the garden, or even around your home. The animal charity Blue Cross explained if your cat does lick, chew or ingest toxic growth, the danger level will often depend on the type of plant and the amount eaten. Pollen and sap from poisonous plants can also be harmful to cats when it comes into contact with their skin, putting them at serious risk of illness if they start grooming or licking themselves. The best way to protect your beloved feline companion is to avoid keeping toxic flowers on your property altogether, but what exactly should you be leaving out of your green space? READ MORE: How to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture These striking flowers are considered to be one of the “most toxic” plants to cats, according to the Blue Cross. All parts of this plant are harmful and can lead to kidney failure if touched or ingested by your pet. If you don’t catch lily poisoning early, it could be fatal for your cat, so it is crucial that you know what behaviours to look for. Vomiting, low energy, increased thirst and unexplained seizures are all common symptoms of lily poisoning in cats. The Blue Cross said: “If you think your cat has been in contact with lilies or you see lily pollen on their fur, contact your vet immediately, as early treatment can improve their outlook.” Garden-grown lilies aren’t the only variety which pose a risk to your furry friends. In fact, the incredibly popular peace lily houseplant is just as dangerous for cats. Keep this houseplant out of the house altogether where possible, or at least tucked away so your cat can’t reach the pollen-filled flower. Both dogs and cats have been poisoned by lily of the valley - formally known as convallaria majalis. Despite being entirely toxic to our favourite pets, the strong fragrance seems to attract browsing when it is in flower. This delicate flower grows well in damp, shaded areas, so keep an eye out for it in those hidden corners of your garden. DON'T MISS:Property market showing ‘signs of cooling’ despite rising prices [LATEST]House prices: Just one major UK city has falling house prices [ANALYSIS]Windsor: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home [INSIGHT] Most toxic reactions to this popular bloom occur in the autumn or late spring when the bulbs are lying around ready for planting, or once they’re lifted at the end of the flowering season. According to Vets Now, the bulbs are the most toxic part - but any part of the plant can be harmful to your cat, so all tulips should be kept well away. This staple-spring flower contains allergenic lactones which, if swallowed, can lead to vomiting, diarrhoea and depression. Daffodils and hyacinths are also problematic for the same reason. This festive bloom is not incredibly toxic to cats, though the milky white sap does contain some problematic chemicals. These are called diterpenoid euphorbol esters and saponin-like detergents which if ingested will cause digestive upset. Vomiting, drooling, or rarely, diarrhoea may all be symptoms of poinsettia poisoning. While several aspects of this plant are poisonous to both cats and dogs, it is the root which is especially dangerous. This plant contains irritating saponins which can result in clinical signs of drooling, vomiting and diarrhoea if ingested. 