Princess Anne has joined other members of the Royal Family in Scotland for Holyrood Week. The Princess Royal, 71, attended a garden party at the Palace of Holyroodhouse on Wednesday afternoon. For the occasion, Anne chose to wear a ‘Lyra Coat in Moon’ from Shibumi for a whopping £395.  The description on the website says: “Our Lyra Coat is an embroidered silk coat perfect for Mother of the Bride, to wear to the races or opera and is the ideal coat to complement our silk dresses. “This smart pale blue-grey dress coat features a feminine curved collar that compliments the neckline, a half belt at the back which accentuates the waist for a flattering fit, along with a slightly A-Line cut to give the coat a soft feminine touch and turn-back cuffs. “This smart frock coat looks best when worn open. Perfect for all shapes and sizes, this coat suits petite and plus size alike.” Anne wore a turquoise-coloured dress underneath the coat for a complimentary match.  READ MORE: The most unusual hairstyles you might have missed from Queen She could be seen carrying a simple black handbag which she paired with black ballet pumps. It wouldn’t be a garden party without an eccentric hat, and Anne certainly wore a beautiful cream hat to match the outfit. The Princess chose to wear a pair of royal blue gloves for the occasion as well. For jewellery, Anne wore a pair of simple pearl earrings.  She could also be seen wearing a necklace with white, silver and blue beads to perfectly complement the outfit colours. Last but not least, Anne accessorised with a gorgeous art deco brooch. The circular silver brooch had a gold centre and really dazzled on the Shibumi coat. The diamonds formed a halo baguette which was so pretty.  READ MORE: Princess Anne 'natural choice' for Scotland role if Queen is replaced Sir Timothy Laurence, Princess Anne’s husband, also attended the garden party. He wore a pale blue tie and a silver waistcoat to perfectly match his wife’s style. The Clarence House Twitter account posted: “Thank you to all those supporting their communities in Scotland.  “The Duke of Rothesay, along with other members of The Royal Family hosted a Garden Party at the Palace of Holyroodhouse, in recognition of these remarkable people.” Anne and Timothy were joined by Prince Charles, who is known as the Duke of Rothesay in Scotland. They were also joined by Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward. Sophie shone in a pretty pastel pink dress. 