Today, June 12, 2022, is the 19th anniversary of actor Gregory Peck's death, who died in 2003. The star was 87-years-old at the time and died in his sleep from bronchopneumonia at his home in Los Angeles. His wife, Veronique Passani was by his side. Before then, the star had a long and varied life. He won the Best Actor Oscar for his portrayal of Atticus Finch in 1962's To Kill a Mockingbird, and he also appeared in such notable films as Moby Dick, The Guns of Navarone, Cape Fear, The Omen and The Boys from Brazil to name just a few. The actor was very liberal and campaigned against the Vietnam War while remaining a patriotic supporter of his oldest son, Jonathan, who was fighting in that very same war. However, tragedy struck in 1975. Peck's son Jonathan died by suicide aged 31-years-old. This death no doubt rocked the entire family, but Peck himself was particularly affected by this disaster. The actor didn't work for just over two years due to the grief he and his family felt. The National Enquirer also claimed Peck was checked into a psychiatric hospital. Peck returned to the public eye around 1980. And while he was certainly not over the death of his son - a tragedy he likely never got over - he began working again. In October of 1980 the Chrysler Corporation, the car company, had a drastic decline in sales and stock, leaving approximately 600,000 workers at risk of losing their jobs. In those days, a factory job would pay enough to support an entire family - so these 600,000 potential job losses would have affected millions of people, including the children of these workers. And Peck could not let that happen on his watch. READ MORE: Gregory Peck and Rod Stewart’s sweet friendship as close neighbours Peck met Chrysler's chairman Lee A Iacocca in Detroit, Michigan, alongside Frank Sinatra where they signed on as Chrysler "boosters". With this contract, Peck agreed to appear on TV commercials/adverts for the (then) new 1981 K-car compacts. He refused any payment for this work, using just his good name to promote the cars. He explained how he was "extremely concerned" about those affected by the job losses. DON'T MISS...Gregory Peck and Rod Stewart’s sweet friendship as close neighbours [INFO]To Kill A Mockingbird review: It is a solid, conventional production [INSIGHT]How the West Was Won: ‘Idiot drunk’ producer, near-death and more [NEWS] Peck opened up the commercials by saying: "America's not gonna be pushed around anymore." He said in a statement: "That's the difference between good times or hard times for 600,000 families. I told Mr Iacocca I wanted to help." His goodwill and kindness almost pushed him into an even more unexpected job: Presidency. At the time, Ronald Reagan was having a surge of political success, so people started looking to Peck as the next person to step up to the place. California's Governor Pat Brown joked at one point: "If they're going to run actors for governor, maybe the Democrats should have run Greg Peck." T-shirts and badges that read "Vote for Peck" began being made and sold throughout the country - half as a joke, half as pressure for the actor. But he didn't like the idea. Peck later said: "I never gave a thought to running. Not even in my heart of hearts do I have an ambition to do that." SOURCE / SOURCE SOURCE / SOURCE