The former Conservative Chancellor claimed Brexit has "caused a lot of damage to Britain's economy". Speaking to LBC, Mr Osborne said: "Politics can't defy reality… it's not unimaginable in 20 years time, to have a set of economic arrangements with the EU which aren't too distant from the economic arrangements we had when we were in the EU. "In many ways, the people I respect most are the Brexiteers who say there's an economic cost to Brexit, but there are other benefits, such as parliamentary control, and sovereignty over our borders. "What was nonsense and remains nonsense are the people who say Brexit was a great economic move to benefit the British economy, or a great act of free trade. "It was the biggest act of protectionism in British history, and that is only now really, now it's fully implemented, becoming clear, and that's why free trade with Europe has got to be a priority for whoever the government in the next few years." READ MORE: 'Give up your palaces for migrants' Tory MPs demand of Archbishop It comes as Labour has rejected claims it would seek to take Britain back into the EU single market and customs union after a shadow frontbencher expressed the hope it could return. A party spokesman said Anna McMorrin, a shadow justice minister, had been spoken to by Sir Keir Starmer after it was reported that she suggested a Labour Government may be able to renegotiate the UK's deal with Brussels. However, she retained her frontbench role after she issued a statement making clear that she backed the official party line that the UK had left that EU and that Labour was committed to making the existing deal work. The Sun obtained footage of Ms McMorrin answering questions from supporters last week in which she said: "We need to renegotiate the deal, certainly." She added: "I hope, eventually that, we will get back into the single market and customs union, and who knows then." In her statement, Ms McMorrin said: "Labour policy on Brexit is clear. We have left the EU, Labour voted for the deal. "Now it is the job of all of us to make it work." The spokesman said: "That is the Labour Party position." DON'T MISS Nicola Sturgeon’s Indyref2 plot to hide 'many failed policies' exposed [INSIGHT]Did Keir just fat-shame Boris? Time for a Twitter pile-on surely! [ANALYSIS]'Way forward is not tearing up treaty!' Irish host blasts UK diplomat [VIDEO] In the Commons, Boris Johnson taunted her about her remarks when she challenged him at Prime Minister's Questions about comments by his new cost-of-living tsar saying that he "has to go". The Prime Minister replied: "I read the other day that she wants to go back into the single market and into the customs union. "If that's the real policy of the Labour Party, going back to the EU, why won't the Leader of the Opposition admit it?"