The two York sisters were spotted enjoying the Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this month, but did not take centre stage with the likes of Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. However, Eugenie, 32, and Beatrice, 33, are coming to be seen as part of “this fold of young cousins who are all vibrant with their kids”, Royal Family branding expert, Professor Cele Otnes, described to Express.co.uk. Professor Otnes commented: “Those two young women and their husbands seem to almost be on par now with Zara and Mike Tindall.” She added: “They’re not William and Kate, but they’re regarded as contributors.” During the celebrations, Princess Eugenie and her husband, Jack Brooksbank, gave the public their first glimpse at their baby son, young August, at the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. One-year-old August was adorably dressed in a pale blue jumper emblazoned with a Union Jack, with Eugenie sitting next to her husband in the Royal Box. Eugenie bounced August on her knee, posting an adorable video of August waving during the procession over the bank holiday to social media. She wrote on Instagram that the pageant was “incredible”, adding: “To all the people that took part, organised it, made it flawless for us all watching, THANK YOU. You made us all so proud.” Eugenie also attended a special lunch alongside Beatrice hosted by Westminster Council, representing their grandmother as they tried their hands at plate spinning and bowling. During the event, a heart-warming comment made by Princess Beatrice was recorded and later shared online. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow When asked by a member of the public whether she was a royal, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson’s eldest daughter affectionately responded that the Queen, 96, was her “granny”. She said: “My name's Beatrice and the queen is my granny." The princess was then asked, “oh, aren’t you lucky?” by the Platinum Jubilee celebrator. She replied: "Yes, she's my granny. I'm very, very lucky." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Alarmed' William looked 'miserable' after row [LIVE] All hail Queen Anne! Britons WOULD support Anne as next monarch - poll [REVEAL] POLL: Are William and Charles right to block Andrew from Order? [VOTE] The two sisters previously joined Zara and Mike Tindall as they stepped out for the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3. The Queen’s elder granddaughters do not carry out official royal duties, but Zara, 41, alongside Beatrice and Eugenie, remain staple royal figures for events such as the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Speaking after the celebrations, Mike Tindall, who has been married to Zara for over a decade, revealed that the royal cousins attended a lunch together following the Trooping the Colour parade. He quipped on his “The Good, The Bad, and The Rugby” podcast: "We had a good cousins' lunch on the Thursday. That was a highlight!" This comes as reports claim Prince Andrew is "pushing" for his two daughters to take on the official duties of working royals.