Cavachon Mango was rushed to the vet's after she scoffed dried grapes inside the sandwiches. Raisins can be fatal to dogs. Malcolm Morley, Junior Vice-President of the British Veterinary Association, told Express.co.uk: "The problem is not enough people are aware of the dangers. "Toxicity from raisins can cause renal damage. Many owners see their dogs eat these things and get away with it, but that isn't always the case. "The key thing is to avoid dogs eating foods that contain raisins, sultanas, chocolate and xylitol, which can be toxic for dogs." He warned owners that the damaging effects of eating raisins can be fast acting, but might also take weeks to appear. Mr Morley said: "It's important people stop their dogs eating raisins. Be mindful. We don't want this to happen, but if it does, people should take their dog to the vets."  Worried owner Alice Kay, from Devon, said vets had to give her hound an injection to make her vomit to get the raisins out of her system. Alice said: "It was such a scary thing. "No pet owner wants to be facing an emergency when they should be having fun celebrating the Platinum Jubilee, so I’ll definitely be keeping a close eye on Mango to avoid any more emergency visits." Styling assistant Alice was on a Jubilee photo shoot with Mango in Bristol when disaster struck. The pair were getting ready for the pictures when Alice noticed Mango had vanished.  READ MORE ABOUT A WOMAN ON FIRE AFTER BEING DOUSED WITH PETROL She darted inside to find the cheeky pup licking her lips and a platter of finger sandwiches gone. Alice quickly calculated Mango had eaten around 20 raisins, which she knew could be fatal, and called Vets Now who told her to rush the dog in. She said: "Mango was with me as she was going to be in one of the shots, her first 'modelling job'. "We were all out in the garden at the location house, Mango included, but I lost sight for what seemed like just a few seconds and remembered all the food had been laid out inside." Alice ran inside and found two-year-old Mango with yellow all round her mouth.  DON'T MISS: 'What's gone wrong?' Grant Shapps blames airlines for travel chaos [REVEALED] Airport chaos as TUI cancels MORE flights - 'Could get worse' [LATEST] Meghan spotted with little Archie! Duchess seen on rare day out in LA [REPORT] She checked a finger sandwich on another plate and counted seven raisins which led her to believe Mango could have wolfed down more than 20 between. Alice said: "I panicked as I was aware that raisins are really toxic for dogs. "And as she is so small and had eaten a lot, I knew I needed help fast." Coronation chicken was created to mark the Queen’s coronation in 1953. It is among the dishes likely to feature as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations this week.  But vets are warning of the potentially deadly dangers it can pose. Mr Morley explained that barbecues this bank holiday weekend also pose a significant risk to dogs. He said: "A key message this bank holiday weekend is around barbecues. It's amazing how many dogs will wolf thing down from barbecues. "If a dish contains a kebab stick, it can lead to really serious injuries. Dogs can't digest them and they can perforate the esophagus, stomach or intestines. "They won't pass right through and can cause significant damage."  Mango was put on a fluid drip, kept in overnight under close observation and given a course of activated charcoal to help counteract any ill effects. Alice said she was relieved to have her pet home after the near miss in March. She is now backing calls for owners to be especially careful over the Jubilee celebrations when there is a lot more food around. Alice said: "The staff at the clinic were so calm and reassuring and the treatment was brilliant. "I dread to think what could have happened if the team hadn’t been able to help me so quickly." Vets Now medical director Mandisa Greene said: "Eating raisins can be really serious for dogs. They can cause acute renal failure and even death. "Even a very small amount can be dangerous and in Mango’s case she had eaten quite a number." 