Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4, are the "spare" siblings to their elder brother, and heir to the throne, Prince George and this could lead to them not having a defined "full-time" role as royals. Daily Express's royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the future of the monarchy and in particular the youngest member's roles on the latest episode of the Royal Round-up. Speaking of the royal balcony appearance during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, host Pandora Forsyth said: "It does look very slimmed down when you take a few people off of it, I have to say". Mr Palmer said: "Yes, clearly George, Charlotte, and Louis have got a long time yet before they will be during royal engagements as a full-time occupation. "Who knows, maybe even Louis and Charlotte may not have a full-time role in the future". He added that the two youngest Cambridge taking on minor roles would "raise questions" because Prince Harry and Meghan Markle reportedly wanted to be part-time royals before their exit. READ MORE: Royal panic: Monarchy may come 'crashing down' after Queen as Prince Charles 'no dream' He added: "We're told you can't be a part-time royal. "So, anyway let's not go there." Mr Forsyth replied: "Let's not. "We'll be here for another half an hour". READ MORE: ‘No real breakthrough’ Prince Harry saw the ‘curtain come down’ in secret Jubilee meeting Being born in the ruling family, the term 'heir and the spare' is a dominating concept. Prince Harry reportedly struggled with being given the nickname of 'the Spare' when he was growing up. Speaking recently on the royal podcast Dynasty, Omid Scobie, co-author of Finding Freedom, described the nickname as "damaging". Mr Scobie said: "I wouldn't wish growing up as a child and being called 'the spare' on anyone. DON'T MISS Lena Tindall slaps down Prince Louis as she fiercely defends her snack [INSIGHT]Prince Louis copied his dad over Jubilee to 'follow protocol'  [REPORT]Kate has 'strongest of bonds' with Prince Louis and his 'playfulness' [REVEAL]  "I think that that is quite damaging. "Especially if you think how early the press started calling him 'the spare heir'. I think that was quite unfair". For the heir to the throne, such as Prince Charles and Prince William, a path is laid out, whereas for the younger sibling, they grow up as a type of understudy to the heir to the throne. In 2013, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge welcomed their first child, Prince George and the young royal is third in the line of succession to the throne. Princess Charlotte is fourth in line to the throne and Prince Louis is fifth.