EastEnders viewers were blown away by just how low Janine Butcher (played by Charlie Brooks) could stoop in a recent episode of the long-running BBC show. Having now appeared in over 1,000 episodes, Charlie's Janine has appeared on and off in the show for 23 years, with her character leading many storylines. However, as of late, her dark side seems to be running away with her, and many fans have taken to social media to call out the diabolic character and predict her downfall. Earlier this week, Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) decided she wanted to spend some quality time away with her daughter Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill). Their trip away seemed like the perfect time to tell her the real reason why she lost the money for her business. EastEnders Veteran Janine discovered what Linda was planning and was triggered by the thought of Nancy telling her father, Mick Carter (Danny Dyer). Janine and Mick's new relationship is already built on lies, but how would the Queen Vic landlord react when he finds out the truth? Read More: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting In true EastEnders fashion, an argument broke out between Nancy and Linda, and with the young woman storming off and leaving her mother with their broken-down car, Janine found her moment to strike. Arriving to help, Janine quickly discovered Linda was incredibly drunk. With the car eventually fixed, Janine decided to drive Linda and baby Annie home, but their conversation escalated to an argument as the pair discussed Mick. In the heat of the moment, Janine failed to notice she had drifted onto the wrong side of the road and had to swerve to miss an oncoming lorry with the vehicle crashing into a tree. If that wasn't enough to get fans on the edge of their seat, Janine moved Linda's body from the passenger seat to the driver's seat before pouring vodka all over her, making it look like Linda's fault. @melissawoolgarx didn't know what to think and said: "No one makes my blood boil more than Janine Butcher." @Weso3K stated: "The deepest darkest pits of hell are waiting for Janine Butcher. Her levels of wickedness are unparalleled. #Eastenders." "Oh my God, Janine Butcher is a disgusting and vile woman. Can we get rid of her now, please, #Eastenders?" @playsbyme asked. @mishybabez_ tweeted: "What a brilliant episode. Oh my god, Janine Butcher is showing her true colours now! I hope karma comes for her, and she loses everything #Eastenders." DON’T MISS…Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in as Gloria 'absolutely devastated' over Jubilee pageant [LATEST]BBC Breakfast ‘lining up GB News host’ as possible Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Rod Stewart 'disappointed' by Harry and Meghan's treatment of Queen [LATEST] @RyanGSoapKing11 fumed: "Another prime example of how Janine Butcher only cares about herself. "She is such a heartless cow. She'd do anything to keep her secret hidden. Karma is coming to get you Janine #EastEnders." @SkylarJordan praised the actress for her menacing moves: "You gotta hand it to Janine Butcher. There is no one so good at being bad. She turns villainy into an art #EastEnders." Many are wondering how long the Walford villain will get away with what she has done?