Andy Murray has defended his choice of using an underarm serve on Centre Court at Wimbledon, insisting he doesn't understand why others find it "disrespectful". The former world No 1 was back in action on Wimbledon's biggest stage on Monday against Australian Duckworth but found himself a set down early on. Murray managed to regroup and draw level with the third set proving crucial for both players in where the match was going to head. The 35-year-old had broken his opponent early in the set and was looking to consolidate his break. He was just 15-0 up in the game before Murray caught everyone by surprise by utilising an underarm serve. It nearly didn't pay off as Duckworth was able to scramble to get a decent return over the net. But Murray's attempted lob then caught his opponent out before the Brit went on to hold his serve and win the third set. It's not the first time Murray has used the tactic in a match either having pulled off an underarm ace against Carlos Alcaraz at Indian Wells last year. Fans inside Centre Court appeared to enjoy Murray's unique serve choice but other players have experienced boos from crowds elsewhere and often glares from rivals on the opposite side of the net. Kyrgios has arguably been the biggest advocate for using an underarm serve in matches, regularly using the tactic in every tournament. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic was 'in the way' of Cam Norrie in Wimbledon room  Because of the Australian's huge serve, players often step back far beyond the baseline to give themselves a better chance of returning. But Kyrgios has explained in the past that it creates an opportunity for him to drop in an underarm serve every now and again to prevent his opponents from creeping too far back. And Murray can't understand why people find it "disrespectful" when it's a viable tactic if the opportunity presents itself. "He changed his return position. That's why I did it," Murray said. "He was standing very close to return. He was struggling a little bit on the first-serve return, so he stepped probably two meters further back. As soon as I saw him step further back, I threw the underarm serve in. DON'T MISS  "I personally have no issue with players using it. I never have. Certainly more and more players have started returning from further, further behind the baseline now to give themselves an advantage to return. The underarm serve is a way of saying, If you're going to step back there, then I'm going to possibly throw that in." He added: "I don't know why people have ever found it potentially disrespectful or... I don't know. I've never understood that. It's a legitimate way of serving. I would never use an underarm serve if someone was standing on the baseline because I think it's a stupid idea because they're going to track it down and it's easy to get. "If they stand four or five meters behind the baseline, then why would you not do that to try to bring them forward if they're not comfortable returning there? Tactically it's a smart play. No one says it's disrespectful for someone to return from six meters, whatever, five meters behind the baseline to try to get an advantage. "So I used it not to be disrespectful to him but to say, If you're going to step further back to return the serve to give yourself more time, then I'm going to exploit that."