Thanks above all to British support, the Ukrainians smashed that plan and, as former US National Security Adviser John Bolton announced in Churchill's War Rooms this week when launching the Centre for Brexit Policy's British Grand Strategy Report - the first high level policy response to take account of Putin's War - it's not his country but the UK that leads the Free World in confronting Putin. We must banish elite Establishment 'declinism.' Britain is, without challenge, Europe's leading power. So much for the Remoaner predictions of isolation. It is the EU that is falling apart like an over-ripe melon: the Green outer skin revealing the rotten Red pith inside. France and Germany's response to Putin's aggression has been to try to appease him.They sold arms to Russia after the illegal occupation of Crimea. Macron endlessly calls for 'talks' to save Putin's face and now that our Pocket Napoleon is humiliated at home, he tries to push himself as a mediator to that end. Germany is twisting on the hook of structural addiction to Russian oil and gas. That was no accident. It was the result of the ostpolitik of three chancellors, especially Mrs Merkel. At least the hard realities have shattered the 'green' fantasies of windmills and solar panels as Germany rebuilds thermodynamically competent firm power. I hope Mr Johnson takes note and abandons the 'Net Zero' delusions which he suddenly dumped on us, with no electoral mandate to do so. Or else he's toast.Late in the day, longer range Western weapons are beginning to appear on the battlefields. After the war crimes of Bucha were revealed, everyone came to understand that Ukraine's war is our war because if Putin gets away with this aggression, he won't stop there. The Finns and Swedes saw that. So they're joining NATO. Yes, this is a war that Putin cannot win but it's one that - personally - he cannot be seen to lose. That's why we're in the danger zone. In February, Putin's War was supposed to recreate the Russian Empire. He compares himself to Peter the Great. But he really is Ivan the Terrible.Four months have done terrible damage to Ukraine. But that can be rebuilt. Putin has  destroyed permanently both the reputation of modern Russia and a great deal of its best quality forces. And he, Russia's dictator, looks more moon-faced, sick and erratic by the week. He seems to be falling apart just as Hitler did in the ending phase of his war.The more that his conventional forces are chewed up in Ukraine - and they are - the more Putin and his siloviki (strong men) wave nuclear weapons in our faces. This is therefore a moment for very calm and very clear thinking.In fact we have escalation dominance over the narrative but only so long as the Free World stands united. That makes Sir Tony Blair and his fellow Rejoiners who now openly want to disrespect the biggest vote in our democratic history by reversing Brexit, re-subordinating our great country in the powerless outer circle of Macron's vision of the EU, useful fools of Putin unless they cease and desist.The CBP report is a major contribution in the danger zone, facing Putin today.First, it explains how there has always been a spectrum of views about how to manage Russia which, in 1939, Winston Churchill famously described as "a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma". From the time of his Iron Curtain speech in March 1946, one end has been marked by a policy of containment. We understood that communism would do us harm so we built a wall. That became NATO: as Lord Ismay, the first Secretary General said "to keep the Russians out, the Americans in and the Germans down." But Putin's aggression has shifted the dial.Another, earlier, view - long forgotten - was advocated by Sir Halford Mackinder, founder of modern geo-politics, presented to the Cabinet in January 1921. It was written on board HMS Centaur as he returned to England from his too-late-in-time mission as High Commissioner to South Russia in 1919-20. He advocated transformation.Both schools of thought started from similar assessments of Russian conduct but the Containment school inclines more towards the primacy of ideology in explanation; the Transformation school, of geo-politics. Today, geo-politics is back. We need full spectrum deterrence, conventional and nuclear, and firm resolve. Those who desire peace prepare for war.  In all this Britain leads. This is a true, strong Brexit dividend. And all we have to fear is not Putin but fear itself.Professor Gwythian Prins is Emeritus Research Professor at the LSE and a former adviser to the MoD, NATO and the UN. He is a  co- author of the Centre for Brexit Policy Report "DEFINING BRITAIN’S POST-BREXIT ROLE IN THE WORLD"