Emergency services have rushed to the scene to assist those involved in the crash. Drivers can be seen walking and standing on the motorway as traffic is stopped.  Road users have been advised to follow the Solid Square diversion symbol to avoid the congestion. There are currently four miles of queues on approach to Junction 27 which is causing 40 minute delays. National Highways have reported that Devon and Cornwall Police and other emergency services are currently in attendance following the "serious road traffic collision". Writing on Twitter, they said: "The #M5 is now CLOSED southbound between J27 - J28, and traffic remains held on the northbound carriageway while the air ambulance takes off from the scene. Traffic within the southbound closure will be released past the scene shortly. "Please be aware there are approx. 4 miles of congestion on approach to this #M5 southbound closure between J27 (Tiverton) and J28 (Cullompton). This is causing delays of 40 min above normal travel time." National Highways have urged road users to use the following diversion:  READ MORE: Smart meter CHAOS as Britons billed for usage outside of their homes The incident happened on the southbound carriageway between junction 27 and 28, near Willand, at about 12.30pm, and police say the road is shut to allow for an air ambulance to land. There were earlier reports of a collision on the entry slip-road at junction 27 for Tiverton, but this has now been cleared. Police have issued the following statement: "The northbound carriageway is reopening and the southbound carriageway will be closed while we carry out investigations." DON'T MISS:End petrol scandal! Huge probe over fears cut in fuel duty [INSIGHT]We compared breakfasts from Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Waitrose [PICTURES]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance [COMMENT]  The police force incident manager added that there is no further information on the type of vehicle, the number of people involved or the severity of any injuries. Motorists are stuck in "apocalyptic scenes" after a crash closed the M5 in both directions. The road is currently shut in both directions and there are miles of traffic heading north and south. One person stuck in the traffic tweeted: "Stuck not far out from a major accident on the southbound M5. Apocalyptic scenes with both carriageways closed & all vehicles parked. Thoughts are with those affected."