Barbara Schett has warned Andy Murray of “the only question mark” for the Brit going into Wimbledon as the 35-year-old faces James Duckworth in the first round. Murray is fighting to win his third Wimbledon title but has suffered from an abdominal injury during his preparation for SW19. "I mean he must love coming into this year's Wimbledon," Schett told Eurosport. "He's won the title a couple of times. He's played some tremendous tennis in Stuttgart where he's reached the final. "The only question mark is not about the tennis and the way he performs, it's about his body. He's had this abdominal injury, hopefully he's going to be 100 per cent. Andy Murray is a player who can beat anybody on the grass court. He's beaten [Stefanos] Tsitsipas, he’s beaten [Nick] Kyrgios, two favourites to win the title, it's just a matter of the course of over two weeks if he can physically sustain it but he's ready. "He wants to do some major damage, he knows to win the title is a big task, he's got two under his belt, he won the Olympic gold here as well. So I think he's just gonna soak in that whole experience once again, the competition out there on centre court and the support of his home crowd so he's going to love life and just make the most of it." JUST IN: Wimbledon 'tradition' row kicks off as gender-neutral toilets spotted Murray has been reunited with his former coach Ivan Lendl, who worked with the Scot during both of his previous Wimbledon victories and his Olympic gold medal. This is the third time Murray and Lendl have agreed to work together, as the eight-time Grand Slam winner also was by the 35-year-old’s side for his second Wimbledon win in 2016. "I think it's great to see Ivan Lendl and Andy Murray back," Schett added. "Obviously Ivan is giving Andy Murray a lot of confidence. They've been so successful in the past, Ivan knows exactly how players feel in certain situations, especially at Grand Slam events and I think it is very authentic as well and Andy Murray believes in Ivan Lendl. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu opens up on 'surreal' Wimbledon hype and pressureKyrgios continues bitter Wimbledon tirade - 'stupidest thing ever'Wimbledon hopeful has “great opportunity” as ex-coach hails qualities "It already showed how he played in Stuttgart and I'm sure everybody's going to keep a very close eye on Andy Murray how he's going to perform here, but I'm glad to see them back together." Murray faces Duckworth in the opening round at Wimbledon who has had nine surgeries and was described by Annabel Croft as “more bionic” than the Brit. “He [Murray] is playing with a metal hip - we call him the bionic man these days,” Croft said during BBC’s Wimbledon coverage. “I think people have less expectation of him but I tell you there will be a lot of players in the draw who will not want to face him. “Well, I say he is the bionic man - his opponent today has had nine surgeries and one of them was earlier this year. So he is even more a bionic man than Andy.”