The tournament has faced backlash because of the involvement of Saudi Arabia, which many questions on the grounds of persistent and documented human rights violation claims. Organisers of the more prominent Ryder Cup have threatened participants of the LIV Golf Invitational Series with expulsion. And Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood refused to answer when confronted about their involvement in the new tournament. During a joint press conference ahead of the start of Liv Golf, reporter Neil McLeman asked: "If Vladimir Putin had a tournament, would you play that?" Mr Poulter said: "I'm not even going to comment on speculation." The reporter once again attempted to push the golf player into addressing the question: "In a generality, is there any way you wouldn't play on a moral basis, if the money was right, is a way you wouldn't play?" Mr Poulter reiterated: "I don't need to answer that question." JUST IN: LIV golf explained: Saudi-funded tournament which Tiger Woods rejected Mr McLeman then turned his attention to Mr Westwood: "Lee, would you play in Apartheid South Africa, for example?" He said: "You're just asking us to answer hypothetical questions now." When the reporter pointed out he was asking "moral questions", the golf star said: "I don't need to answer that question." The controversial breakaway circuit is bankrolled by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF) and offers a total prize fund of $255 million. READ MORE: Justin Thomas explains why he joined Tiger Woods in snubbing Saudi LIV league  A number of PGA players have resigned in order to take part in the LIV tournament. Dustin Johnson and fellow American Kevin Na have both quit the PGA Tour to play. But Six-times major champion Phil Mickelson will not follow former world number one Johnson in quitting the PGA Tour as he prepares to feature in the opening event of the LIV Golf Invitational Series  Mickelson has been linked to LIV Golf for months but began a self-imposed hiatus from the sport in February amid backlash over comments he made about the breakaway tour. Johnson said on Tuesday he had resigned to compete in the inaugural LIV Golf Invitational that begins this week. He said: "It's hard to speak on what the consequences might be but I've resigned my membership of the Tour and that's the plan for now."