The French Open came to a conclusion on Sunday as Rafael Nadal was crowned the men’s singles champion for a record 14th time, also breaking his own record of Grand Slam titles by picking up his 22nd. After his historic triumph, the 36-year-old shared the “risk” he took by using injections to compete and shared an update on his chronic foot injury ahead of Wimbledon. It was also another title at Roland Garros for WTA world No 1 Iga Swiatek, who won her second title in Paris and extended her match-winning streak to 36 in the process, tying Venus Williams for the longest run of the century. She defeated first-time Grand Slam finalist Coco Gauff to win the title, with the American making not one but two championship matches at the French Open this year. While it was a successful second week for the WTA world No 1, the same couldn’t be said for the ATP world No 1 Novak Djokovic, who crashed out in the quarter-final to Nadal. And he will now drop to No 3 in the world after failing to defend his title from last year, with Daniil Medvedev and Alexander Zverev overtaking him in the rankings. Despite reaching a career-high of world No 2, Zverev suffered an unfortunate end to his French Open run when he went down with a horror injury in the semi-final while facing Nadal and had to be taken off the court in a wheelchair. The 25-year-old has now revealed he tore several ligaments after difficult scenes showed him screaming and crying in pain on court. Express Sport takes a look at the biggest stories from the second week of the French Open. Nadal made history on Sunday by defeating Casper Ruud 6-3 6-3 6-0 to win his 14th Roland Garros crown, and 22nd Major overall. It means he extends his lead in the all-time men’s Grand Slam race, but the 36-year-old shared the “risks” he took to be able to compete at his favourite tournament. The world No 5 has been battling a chronic foot injury and confessed that he used anaesthetic injections in the nerve of his foot before every match to dull the pain, a huge “risk” that could have seen him turn his ankle but said it was the “only way” to play. But Nadal won’t be turning to the injections again, and will be undergoing a procedure to dull the pain in his nerve long-term using radiofrequency this week. The Spaniard confirmed he would only be playing Wimbledon if the treatment was successful, and if it does not work, Nadal said: “I'll have to ask myself if I'm ready for a major surgery that would help me to play again." JUST IN: Federer's coach makes Nadal French Open request after 14th title  Swiatek was the favourite coming into the French Open, having won her last five titles - four of which were at WTA 1000 level. The world No 1 was on a 29 match-winning streak ahead of the tournament and managed to nab seven more wins to tie Venus Williams on the longest winning streak of the 2000s on 36 and lift the Roland Garros trophy for a second time. The top seed needed 68 minutes to beat first-time Grand Slam finalist Gauff 6-1 6-3. Swiatek had won the title in 2020 as a 19-year-old and the world No 54 - making her the lowest-ranked winner in the tournament’s history - and said the second victory was even better. "I'm more aware of how it is to win a Slam, what it takes, how every puzzle has to come together, every aspect of the game has to work. With that awareness, I’m even more happy and proud of myself, because in 2020 I just felt that I'm lucky. This time I felt I really did the work." DON'T MISSHenman changes mind on Nadal and Djokovic as Spaniard wins French OpenFrench Open boss to introduce five sets to women's gameNadal shows elite status with small symbol in French Open final    Zverev played Nadal in the first of the two men’s semi-finals on Friday in what was a tight contest, with the first set alone taking 92 minutes. But the neck-and-neck match came to a devastating end for the German when he fell on his ankle as Nadal served for a second-set tiebreak, and he could be heard screaming and crying in pain. The third seed was taken off court in a wheelchair and re-emerged a few minutes later on crutches to officially retire the match after three hours and thank the crowd, as he trailed 7-6(8) 6-6. On Saturday, he shared an update saying: “Based on the first medical checks, it looks like I have torn several lateral ligaments in my right foot.” Zverev had been in the run to reach world No 1 by winning his first Major in Paris but his dream came to an end following the horrific scenes on Court Philippe-Chatrier. He will still rise to a career-high ranking of world No 2 but is now in doubt to recover in time for Wimbledon in three weeks, where he would be the top seed with soon-to-be world No 1 Daniil Medvedev banned from the tournament.  Djokovic was playing his first Grand Slam since last year’s US Open and has sailed into the quarter-final without dropping a set, where he faced his biggest rival Nadal in a rematch of last year’s semi-final, in which the Serb upset the 13-time champion. But the Spaniard got revenge with a 6-2 4-6 6-2 7-6(4) win to send Djokovic out of the French Open and rob him of his world No 1 ranking. The Serb will now be the world No 3 on June 13, sitting behind Medvedev and Zverev. Djokovic’s coach has also spoken on the loss and admitted he and the 20-time Major champion are yet to discuss the match. “I am in a funk and I can’t sleep,” Goran Ivanisevic told Tennis Majors, adding: “He [Djokovic] was disappointed and tired. It is not the time nor the place to speak about the match in-depth immediately after it was finished.”   While it was Swiatek who walked away victorious in the women’s singles event, Coco Gauff made an impact in Paris as she reached both the singles and doubles finals fresh off the back of her American High School graduation. The 18-year-old started her fortnight in Paris by posing for her graduation photos in front of the Eiffel Tower in the traditional cap-and-gown, and ended it with two runner-up plates. The new world No 13 reached her first Grand Slam singles final, failing to drop a set en route, but was the latest victim of Swiatek’s now-36 match-winning streak in the championship match. Gauff also made her second Grand Slam doubles final with a new partner, Jessica Pegula, less than a year after reaching her first at the US Open with Caty McNally, but the American duo lost out to Frenchwomen Kiki Mladenovic and Caroline Garcia.