This claim was similar to the one made months ago, when Russia accused the US of having military-biological laboratories in Ukraine. Experts warned that Russian President Vladimir Putin made this false claim as potentially part of a false flag operation to justify using chemical attacks in Ukraine. The Kremlin alleges that the Monkeypox virus was actually spread from "four US-operated biological laboratories in Nigeria". Monkeypox is a virus that originated in Africa and lately has spread all over the world. Yesterday, the UK has recorded its highest daily jump in monkeypox cases since records began. The data published by the Government shows the UK has outpaced all other countries and recorded an additional 123 cases. According to reports from Sputnik, a Russian state-owned news agency, Igor Kirillov, the chief of the Russian Radiation, Chemical and Biological Defence Troops stated that the United States has four biological laboratories in Nigeria.  In a briefing, Mr Kirillov noted that while the WHO had concluded that the current strain of monkeypox virus originated in Nigeria, the country is actually another state where the US has placed its biological laboratories. He then cited media reports based on a 2021 Munich Security Conference-Nuclear Threat Initiative simulation that modelled the spread of a bioengineered, highly lethal form of monkeypox. He described the exercise as "an odd coincidence" that would require further verification by specialists. He then called on the WHO to investigate the activities of the US biolabs in Nigeria, claiming that the US has had repeated violations of biosafety requirements and evidence of careless storage of pathogenic biomaterials. READ MORE: Monkeypox horror as outbreak 'differs by about 40 mutations' Mr Kirillov also express concerns about the safety of the smallpox virus samples in labs in the US. He added that poor safety standards in biological laboratories in the US could be exploited by terrorists to cause a new outbreak of smallpox. He then noted that between 2014 and 2021, the US Food and Drug Administration, the US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases in Maryland, and the Center for Vaccine Research in Pennsylvania had all discovered unaccounted for vials containing the virus. He later claimed that these American labs conducted experiments that breached the 1996 WHO resolution prohibiting the storage of smallpox's causal agent in all but one US-based laboratory, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.  Russians have tried this style of disinformation before, most recently accusing the United States and Ukraine of developing a "sex bomb" targeting Russian women and their ability to reproduce. Dmitry Rogozin, the head of Russia's space agency Roscosmos, alleged that the bioweapons were designed to lead to the "weakening" of a nation's immunity and its eventual "extinction". Washington has consistently rubbished claims by the Putin regime that it has been developing bio and chemical weapons in Ukraine. 