It is this notion of rightness concerning scientists and doctors, particularly with regard to how the Mediterranean diet is being discussed. New analysis of the platform has found those searching for the diet are finding large volumes of advice that does not align with Mediterranean diet or is especially healthy. Assistant Professor at the Children’s Nutrition Centre at the United States Department of Agriculture Margaret Raber said: “People will not be able to follow the Mediterranean diet unless they understand what it is and how to integrate it into their home food environment. “Our findings suggest that while users will find some high-quality content created by health professionals, they will also encounter conflicting, vague or even misleading information when exploring #mediterraneandiet on TikTok.” READ MORE: Peter Kay: Comic's 'first hand experience' of 'complex' disease The Mediterranean diet is one made up of mainly plant-based foods and minimal added sugars or refined carbohydrates; it is known to have multiple health benefits. However, Raber said their data showed TikTok users were promoting foods that “are not part of the healthy eating pattern promoted by the Mediterranean diet, such as red meat, refined carbohydrates, sweets and processed foods”. She added: “We need to be vigilant about the information found on social media, particularly if it influences health and wellness decisions. “I don’t think we can fully harness the power of social media for health promotion unless we address the issue of information quality and give the public tools to help navigate these new types of media.”  Raber and others are concerned inaccurate health information promoted on social media could have significant health consequences if people consume foods not part of the Mediterranean diet. While serious, this issue forms of part of a well-known issue with social media, the ability of inaccurate, misleading, or dangerous information to spread quickly. Meanwhile, in the UK, debate has been stirred once again about NHS funding. Last week, Health Secretary Sajid Javid said the NHS “doesn’t need any more money”, a statement criticised by health campaigners and doctors alike. This week, chief executive of the NHS Amanda Pritchard laid out how the NHS was coping at the NHS Confederation Expo conference in Liverpool. Pritchard said the service had “absorbed the current inflation spike, but budges can only ever stretch so far” and added the cost-of-living crisis would increase pressure on the service. She added: “April was the busiest ever for ambulance services in terms of calls and Category 1 incidents, and the second busiest for Accident and Emergency departments.” A&E departments recently made headlines when it was revealed over 1,000 patients a day were waiting for more than 12 hours to be seen in 2021. Pritchard’s comments as the NHS heads into what is traditionally its quietist time of the year. However, this summer looks set to be service’s toughest amid the impact of the cost-of-living crisis, a resurgent Omicron, and the rise of monkeypox. Pritchard said: “The rising cost of living will be felt most by those who are already living with or vulnerable to poorer physical or mental health. “Cold homes, debt and financial insecurity, barriers to accessing care... experience tells us that these factors and more will show up through NHS services over the coming months.”