A number of Tory backbenchers have publicly questioned Boris Johnson’s leadership and called for him to quit in recent months after the Sue Gray report shared details of lockdown parties in Downing Street. At least 54 Conservative MPs have sent letters to Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 Committee, triggering the vote on the Prime Minister’s future which will be held from 6pm to 8pm this evening. Express.co.uk takes a look at which Tory MPs have publicly shared a letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson - and those who have said they will vote against their leader this evening. In February, Peter Aldous stated on Twitter he had submitted a letter of no confidence in Boris Johnson, writing: “After a great deal of soul-searching, I have reached the conclusion that the Prime Minister should resign.” Aaron Bell was elected as part of the 2019 group of Conservative MPs in the so-called ‘Red Wall’ Labour heartlands. In February, he announced he felt the Prime Minister's position was ‘untenable’ and he had sent a letter of no confidence. A firm leadership contender himself, Mr Hunt today announced his opposition to the PM in a tweet which said: "The Conservative Party must now decide if it wishes to change its leader. Because of the situation in Ukraine this was not a debate I wanted to have now but under our rules we must do that. "Having been trusted with power, Conservative MPs know in our hearts we are not giving the British people the leadership they deserve. We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country. And because we are no longer trusted by the electorate, who know this too, we are set to lose the next general election. "Anyone who believes our country is stronger, fairer & more prosperous when led by Conservatives should reflect that the consequence of not changing will be to hand the country to others who do not share those values. Today’s decision is change or lose. I will be voting for change." Read More: Boris Johnson backed to win vote and keep job - Express poll Andrew Bridgen withdrew his first letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson after the war in Ukraine broke out, but the MP for North West Leicestershire announced he had resubmitted it in May. Former health minister Steve Brine called for the Prime Minister to step down in May due to concerns about the partygate scandal. He wrote on his website: “I cannot and will not defend the indefensible.” Steve Baker says the Prime Minister "must go" if he broke the law and will vote against him in tonight's ballot - but agreed it is "highly likely" he will win tonight's confidence vote. He said: “You can hear the level of support the PM has in there… the reality is this is a sad day, the PM has made a strong case (but) if he broke the law he must go, that continues to be my view."  Elliot Colburn told constituents via email he had submitted a letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson following the Sue Gray report about lockdown rule-breaking in Downing Street. The ex-defence minister submitted his letter of no confidence in February and has been a vocal critic of Mr Johnson in the House of Commons over lockdown parties. Sir Roger Gale was the first Tory MP to publicly share he had submitted a letter of no confidence in the Prime Minister in December after partygate. DON'T MISSTory leadership hopeful Mordaunt breaks silence [INSIGHT]Boris' vote of no confidence could see Tories WIPED OUT for 20 years [ANALYSIS]It's time to stick together' BBC's Adler grills Sturgeon over indyref2 [VIDEO]  A former minister in the Department of Health and Social Care, Stephen Hammond released a statement in May sharing he had submitted a letter of no confidence in the Prime Minister following the Sue Gray report. Mr Harper said he had submitted a letter of no confidence after Mr Johnson received a fixed penalty notice for breaching lockdown rules. Ms Kearns was first elected in 2019 and announced she had submitted her letter of no confidence in the Prime Minister due to the partgate scandal. Mr Mangnall revealed on Twitter in February he had submitted his letter of no confidence in the Prime Minister, writing: “Standards in public life matter. At this time I can no longer support the PM.” The Conservative MP in Derbyshire called for both Mr Johnson and Rishi Sunak to resign and confirmed he had submitted a letter of no confidence after the Prime Minister was fined for breaking lockdown rules. Another Tory MP who submitted a letter of no confidence after the Sue Gray report was published, Ms Marie Morris had the Conservative whip restored in May after it was removed in January when she voted in favour of Labour’s vote to extend free school meals. Sir Robert Neill chairs the Justice Select Committee and campaigned for Mr Johnson to become mayor of London. He confirmed in May, however, that he had submitted a letter of no confidence after the partygate report. Caroline Nokes is a former cabinet minister but confirmed she had submitted a letter of no confidence in the Prime Minister once he was fined by the Metropolitan Police. Another former minister, Mr Norman published a letter on Twitter stating that he can no longer support Mr Johnson because of the Sue Gray report and “a culture of casual law-breaking” in Downing Street. Mr Stevenson shared a statement on social media that he had submitted a letter of no confidence in the Prime Minister because Mr Johnson “appears unwilling to bring matters to a head and submit himself to such a vote.” Gary Streeter announced on Twitter in February that he had submitted a letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson due to the damaging impact of the partygate scandal. William Wragg is the vice-chair of the 1922 Committee and has been a vocal critic of Mr Johnson, calling for him to resign despite praising the Prime Minister’s work supporting Ukraine. Mr Wright published a statement on his website in May stating that the Prime Minister must resign due to the findings of the Sue Gray report. He confirmed he had submitted a letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson and described the “real and lasting damage” caused by partygate.