The Duchess of Sussex spoke out about the US abortion ruling in a conversation with American feminist activist Gloria Steinem and journalist Jessica Yellin published in Vogue. But royal commentator Kinsey Schofield highlighted how fans have been patiently waiting for content from Meghan and Prince Harry's Netflix and Spotify deals, with the former actress's Archetypes podcast which will focus on female stereotypes due later this year. Ms Schofield tweeted: "The entire world has been waiting for this woman to drop a podcast that promises to 'dissect, explore and subvert the labels that try to hold women back' and she took THIS conversation to Vogue? "If I were Spotify or Netflix, I would be pulling my hair out." Meghan hit out at the move by the US Supreme Court last week to end constitutional protections for abortion that have been in place for nearly 50 years by overturning the landmark Roe v Wade ruling. She spoke of her and Harry's "guttural" reaction to the decision, saying it told women they "don't matter". She said: "Women are already sharing stories of how their physical safety is being put in danger. "Women with resources will travel to get an abortion, those without might attempt to give themselves one at tremendous risk." Meghan warned some women will be forced to find abortion pills from unregulated pharmacies and "be at the mercy" of doctors and lawyers. She added: "What does this tell women?" READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's appearance at Jubilee stopped them cashing in "It tells us that our physical safety doesn't matter, and as a result that we don't matter. But we do. Women matter." The Duchess said the decision would have a disproportionate effect on women of colour and that is was "difficult to overstate" what it would mean for them. And Meghan insisted the move is not just a women's issue and called on men to get involved However she insisted the move is not just a women's issue, with the ruling representing "a blueprint for reversing rights" including same-sex marriage and contraception access. DON'T MISSMeghan 'dreamed of being a princess like Kate' before Harry meetingHarry and Meghan fans 'turn away' from couple, expert claimsRoyal Family: Sussex’s Netflix series ‘smells of desperation’ Meghan said: "Men need to be vocal in this moment and beyond because these are decisions that affect relationships, families, and communities at large. "They may target women, but the consequences impact all of us. "My husband and I talked about that a lot over the past few days. He's a feminist too." She continued: "His reaction last week was guttural, like mine. "I know that for so many women right now, there is a sentiment of despair. "But, again, we have to band together and not wallow. We have to do the work." Meghan and Harry are living in California after stepping back as working royals in 2020. Their new careers across the pond include lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify. Meghan's Archetypes podcast to “dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that hold women back" is due out this summer. 