Mick Schumacher has been warned the 'brutal' nature of F1 could see him axed from Haas if he continues to struggle this season. The German driver, son of legendary seven-time world champion Michael, failed to score a point in his debut season with the American team in 2021, and that theme has continued this year. An 11th placed finish in the season opener in Bahrain raised hopes that amid new technical regulations, designed to make the sport more competitive, Schumacher could regularly compete for a top-10 finish in this campaign. But things turned sour the following week when he was forced to miss the race in Saudi Arabia after crashing into a concrete barrier in qualifying. Four underwhelming displays followed, before another harrowing incident at the Monaco Grand Prix. The race was red flagged after Schumacher, 23, crashed at the Swimming Pool Chicane, with his vehicle breaking in two in the process. To compound matters new teammate Kevin Magnussen, who was an 11th hour replacement for the campaign after Russian driver Nikita Mazepin was axed, has out-performed him. Magnussen, 29, has 15 points after top-10 finishes in Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and Imola. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton has four-word response on retirement as Wolff's 'insurance driver' emerges And now, former World Rally champion Walter Rohrl has warned his compatriot that he can ill-afford to continue in this fashion: "He simply has far too many accidents at the moment, all of which cost a lot, a lot of money,” Rohrl told Bild am Sonntag. “If nothing comes, they won’t keep going indefinitely. Formula 1 is brutal and cold.” Indeed, Schumacher has cost his team over $1 million in repairs so far this season, in a year where the spending cap for all teams has been reduced. And Rohrl thinks the displays of Magnussen have exacerbated the pressure. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton rules out Ferrari move as Brit vows to stay loyal to MercedesRed Bull hint at special Baku set-up to beat Ferrari and Charles Leclerc at Azerbaijan GPLewis Hamilton feud with Max Verstappen continues as star's main sponsor make 'correction' "That is currently bitter for Mick Schumacher, because Kevin Magnussen, who has returned to Formula 1 after a one-year break, has him well in hand,” Rohrl told the German newspaper. “That puts additional pressure on him, brings explosiveness into the team and doesn’t make it any easier." Haas Gunther Steiner didn't exactly back his driver following the Monaco debacle, releasing a post-race statement where he said the team "need to see how we move forward from here." There are also rumours of Schumacher being lined-up by Aston Martin to replace Sebastian Vettel.