Tommy Fury has been told by Eddie Hearn it would be terrible if he doesn't beat 'average boxer’ Jake Paul. The long-time rivals were due to clash in the ring last December, but the Brit withdrew due to a bacterial chest infection and a broken rib.  Paul’s next fight has been confirmed for August 6 at Madison Square Garden, and although an opponent has not yet been named, Fury’s name will certainly be in the mix. The fight was announced by the 25-year-old on social media. He tweeted: “We going back to back. New York. MSG. Two main events. Showtime PPV. It gets no bigger, it gets no better.” Both competitors are currently undefeated and Hearn told Fury it would be very disappointing if he is unable to hand the YouTuber his first loss. However, the promoter thinks both men have the same chance of winning the fight because of their inexperience. "It's a 50-50 fight, It's a funny one because it's terrible for Tommy Fury if he can't beat Jake Paul, but I don't think he can beat Jake Paul," Hearn told JOE. "Jake Paul didn't like the fact that I said he was average, but they are both average. JUST IN: Derek Chisora would've ‘smashed house up’ and 'robbed' students Anthony Joshua threatened   "I don't mean that disrespectfully and by the way, they are a lot of average boxers. Average is not bad and it's not good. So I said to Jake Paul 'I actually think that's a compliment for you, I'm not saying you're a terrible boxer I'm just saying you're not very good'.   “Jake Paul is a strange one, but I like what he's doing for boxing,” the Brit added. “I did Amanda Serrano vs Katie Taylor with him and it was great fun, it was a big success. “He's putting the work in and he's not terrible. But it'll be a pleasant day when someone chins him.” Paul last fought in December 2021 when he contested a rematch with Tyron Woodley as a replacement fight after Fury withdrew, and knocked him out in the sixth round. Fury meanwhile, last boxed on the undercard of older brother Tyson's WBC Heavywihgt title fight with Dillian Whyte in April, and beat Daniel Bocianski on points. 