Chelsea have reportedly decided they want to sign both Raheem Sterling and Ousmane Dembele this summer, rather than bringing in Sterling as an alternative. The Blues struggled to keep pace with Premier League high-flyers Manchester City and Liverpool last season - and Blues boss Thomas Tuchel is keen to bolster his team’s attack ahead of the new campaign. Chelsea had been banned from making any transfers in the latter months of former owner Roman Abramovich’s tenure after the Russian oligarch was sanctioned following his country’s invasion of Ukraine. But the west London giants have now been sold to Todd Boehly - and the American could be set to oversee a spending spree. According to football.london, Chelsea want to take advantage of Sterling’s contract situation at Manchester City and will target him and Dembele. The England forward has just one year remaining on his deal in the north west and could jump at the chance to move away from the Etihad Stadium after falling down the pecking order last season. Sterling was left out of Pep Guardiola’s starting line-up for both legs of City’s Champions League semi-final showdown with Real Madrid in the spring and was named on the bench for the Citizens’ crucial Premier League clash with Aston Villa on the final day of the season. And with Erling Haaland joining City this summer, the competition for a place in the City forward line has only increased. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has five defenders on transfer shortlist Sterling, who could cost Chelsea around £60million, is still regarded as one of the best forwards in the Premier League and reached double figures for top-flight goals for the fifth consecutive season last time around. The 27-year-old bagged 13 league strikes as City clinched the title on the final day of the season. The ace grew up in London and is reportedly open to a move back to the capital, with the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham also circling. But he could yet opt to move abroad as Real Madrid and Barcelona are thought to be keen to sign him.   If Chelsea can get their hands on Sterling and Dembele, the team could enjoy a fecund season in front goal next time around. According to The Sun, Dembele is up for a switch to Stamford Bridge - but only if Tuchel guarantees him plenty of gametime. The France international has been hit by a string of injuries since joining Barcelona from Borussia Dortmund for mega-money in 2017, although impressed last season after forcing his way into Xavi’s side. Dembele’s contract at the Nou Camp is due to expire at the end of the month. And if the Blues can tempt the winger with the right contract offer, he could soon be plying his trade in England.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here