The Duke of York was seen in a navy shirt and riding hat as he rode in Windsor Castle this afternoon. It comes following reports that the Queen still backs her "intensely loyal" son. An expert claimed that the monarch is keen to keep Prince Andrew around. Andrew Morton, who penned Diana: Her True Story in 1992, told The Mirror's podcast Pod Save The Queen: "She has admired the fact that during the Falklands War in 1982, he was an Exocet decoy which means his job was to protect HMS Invincible (the aircraft carrier) as the Argentines wanted to sink that." He added that his military action impressed the Queen and that he showed a lot of bravery. Last week, it was reported that Prince Charles and Prince William came together to put a halt to the Duke’s plans to return to public duties, according to royal expert Katie Nicholl. The disgraced Prince was set to make an appearance at the Royal Ascot on Saturday, but failed to show up at the last minute.    Prince William, 39, reportedly told the Queen and Prince of Wales that he would pull out of the Order of the Garter ceremony if his uncle, Prince Andrew, was given a public role. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk that the Duke of York doesn’t realise he is an “embarrassment” to the Firm. He said: “The Queen has given him support as a loving mother, but he is an embarrassment to the monarchy. Yet, bizarrely, he does not seem to realise this." Earlier this year, the prince settled the case brought against him by Jeffrey Epstein accuser, Virginia Guiffre, with an out-of-court payment of an estimated £12 million. He denied all accusations and the payment was made without admission of liability. READ MORE: Prince William 'furious' after Kate 'ridiculed'    The nation watched as the Duke of York was tasked with walking his mother to her seat during the emotional memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey in March. At that point in time, it had not been two months since Andrew and his accuser Virginia Giuffre had reached an out-of-court settlement in the civil sex claim filed in New York. Reflecting on the memorial service, Morton said the Queen had used this family occasion, which was not an official state engagement, to show her support for her son. Prince Andrew is thought to be Her Majesty's favourite child, with the pair sharing a close bond. DON'T MISS:Pensions set to rise by 10 percent with triple lock reinstated [INSIGHT]Britons fighting for life after horror moped crash [PICTURES]RMT slammed for striking over outdated rules [COMMENT]   The Duke of York shocked everyone in March when he chose to escort the Queen into Westminster Abbey to attend the thanksgiving service. The monarch came under fire for allowing her son to play such a pivotal role in the day. But since then, she refused him the right to stand next to her during the Trooping The Colour display as only senior members of the Firm were allowed to watch from Buckingham Palace balcony. Prince Andrew was stripped of most of his titles following the accusations.