Former General Secretary of the trade union Unite, Len McCluskey, said “nobody knows what [Sir] Keir stands for” and that absence of anything to vote for would cost him dearly in a general election. He said that Sir Keir’s “greatest asset” was the Prime Minister, whose “extraordinary” behaviour provided a platform upon which Sir Keir Starmer can display himself to the public as a rule-following politician. But, he added, despite Boris Johnson’s antics, a shadow cabinet that has seemingly decided to “say nothing about anything” for fear of having to publicly spell out the prices of potential policies, as well Sir Keir’s own lack of initiative, have left the Labour party positionless.    Mr McCluskey said: “Keir’s greatest asset at the moment, of course, is Boris Johnson. “And the constant shooting in the foot behaviour of the Prime Minister is extraordinary. “But it seems to be that Keir, who wants unity to be his most important thing, that he told me, has failed miserably since we have a divided party. “It also seems to me that his team around haven taken the view of ‘Let’s saying nothing about anything.    “‘Let’s not talk about policies because we might get asked by the media to cost them’. “The reality is, of course, at the moment if there was a general election next week, even with the unpopularity of the Government, and in my opinion it won’t come until late next year, [Labour] will still not win. Keir will not win. “We have to win back our Red Wall seats, our heartland, and he won’t do it because at the moment nobody knows what Keir stands for, what his position is or what Labour stands for.” READ MORE: Starmer has ‘failed miserably’ to unite MPs as Labour ‘will not win' [REPORT]   Comparisons of popularity polls between the opposition leader and Mr Johnson show that despite the latter’s shortcomings, there is little to separate their favorability rate. The PM is reportedly disliked by 52 percent of respondents to a YouGov poll, a figure that is substantially higher than Sir Keir’s 34 percent. But Sir Keir’s favorability percentage is a mere five points above that of Mr Johnson’s, at 34 to 28 percent, in part due to the Labour leader’s lack of apparent policy or character. During Prime Minister’s Questions on Wednesday, Sir Keir strived to use comedy as a means of fending off criticism that he was boring and voiceless. DON'T MISS: PMQ's SKETCH:Keir fat shames Boris! Hope you're going to cancel wokies [INSIGHT] General election 2024: Tories to lose majority [REPORT]Keir Starmer's Corbyn attack on Boris spectacularly backfires [REVEAL]   He ran a lengthy Star Wars comparison, accusing the PM of trying to pull “Jedi mind tricks” on the nation. He said: “As for his boasting about the economy, he thinks he can perform Jedi mind tricks on the country. “‘These aren’t the droids you’re looking for. No rules were broken. The economy is booming.’ “The problem is, the force just isn’t with him anymore. He thinks he’s Obi-Wan Kenobi. The truth is he’s Jabba the Hutt.”   