The Platinum Jubilee will take place this week, with a bumper bank holiday weekend coming up across Britain. And while many in the UK will be enjoying two extra days off this week, the frontline royals will be continuing with their duties and visiting all four UK nations to represent the Queen - including Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "Over the course of the Central Weekend, Members of the Royal Family will visit the Nations of the United Kingdom to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. “Members of the Royal Family will attend engagements in each nation, including public events marking the occasion.” As part of the celebrations, William and Kate will travel to Wales, Prince Edward and Countess Sophie will be in Northern Ireland, and Princess Anne will visit Scotland. It’s likely the pair were chosen to visit Wales given that they will inherit the Prince and Princess of Wales titles when Prince Charles becomes king. READ MORE: The Duke of Duchess of Cambridge will visit Wales on Saturday, June 4. They will visit the capital Cardiff, before leaving to attend the Epsom Derby. This will be their second visit this year. They previously visited Abergavenny and Blaenavon in order to mark St David's Day. Visiting Wales is fitting for Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, not just because they will one day become the Prince and Princess of Wales, but because the couple have previously lived there. The pair had a home on the isle of Angelsey when Prince William was completing his Royal Air Force training, before they were married in 2011. The couple continued to live there after their nuptials, and it was actually the first home they had as a family following the birth of Prince George. As they left the island, William said: "This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both. DON'T MISS'Charging up her batteries' How Queen is still shaking off Covid [INSIGHT]Are Prince Harry and Meghan bringing a Netflix crew to the Jubilee? [ANALYSIS]Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [REPORT] “Catherine and I look forward to returning again and again over the coming years with our family." On Tuesday, the Queen was pictured returning from Balmoral in Scotland to Windsor ahead of the weekend. Buckingham Palace said she arrived back at her Berkshire royal residence on Tuesday, two days before the Jubilee weekend gets under way. On Thursday, The commemorations kickstart with the traditional Trooping the Colour military spectacle on Thursday, which will begin at 10am, where Kate and William will make their first appearance of the weekend. A spokesperson for the Palace said: “After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year’s traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2 will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen.” This means royals like Prince Andrew and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will not be seen at Buckingham Palace. It will be followed by a service of Thanksgiving for the monarch at St Paul’s Cathedral in London, which all Royal Family members will attend.