Steph’s Packed Lunch star Russell Kane has praised the Queen amid criticism of the Royal Family which emerged over the Platinum Jubilee. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the comedian responded to any claims that the 96-year-old simply “inherited privilege”. Self-confessed “royalist” Russell praised the Queen’s “true leadership qualities,” adding that she “doesn’t have to shout or make a fuss to lead”. “Loads of people can become leaders by force of their personality, but it's much harder to become a leader through what you don't say,” he said. “I just love British culture and all things about us. It wouldn't feel like Britain to not have [the Royal Family]. We are proud of it. “You can get yourself tied up in knots about inherited privilege, but there's a certain core crew that I do think should be there on the throne, I think they're amazing.” Discussing the fact the monarch pulled out of several recent public appearances. Russell said he believes she doesn’t want to be seen to be struggling to move around because it’s not “leaderlike”. “I don't know if you remember the Queen Mother, she wasn't seen in public towards the end, because she didn't like to be seen,” he said. “She wouldn't use a wheelchair and didn't want to be seen using a zimmer frame because she thought it was un-leaderlike and not regal. “I suspect Her Majesty has got a similar sort of [thing], it's not vanity, it's a PR-type thing. “You need to be seen as a strong leader, she's always so powerful, she probably doesn't want to be seen having mobility issues, in fact she has stated that. “So, I think she's picking and choosing her engagements so when she does an engagement she can boss it, pearls on, standing up and in style. “That would be my guess, rather than some hideous condition that we are not seeing.” He continued: “I think it's more that she's got these mobility issues, as she's allowed to, at her age, I suspect it's that. DON'T MISS...Dean Martin made a multimillion fortune over his decades-long career [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [TWITTER] Tom Jones' unusual funeral song choice unveiled on his 82nd birthday [UPDATE] “At the end of the day, Charles and William are more than capable of picking up and running with it.” The Queen is now set to miss another major event, with Prince Charles stepping in for her, it has been claimed. Her oldest son and heir, Prince Charles, is expected to attend the opening ceremony of the Commonwealth Games in July in her place. Sources told the Mail that the engagement is "still in the Queen’s diary and that no final decision had been taken, adding: "Decisions on events are taken closer to the time." Although a specific reason for the Queen's absence was not given, it is understood that it is due to her experiencing sporadic mobility difficulties and wanting to pace herself. The Queen made a limited number of appearances during the four-day Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She had to cancel her attendance at the National Thanksgiving Service at St Paul's Cathedral on Saturday, June 4, and she could not make it to her beloved Epsom Derby. However, she did wave at the cheering crowds during two appearances at the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside other senior members of the Royal Family.