The agent of Tottenham's top defensive target Alessandro Bastoni has confirmed his client is happy at Inter Milan - reaffirming his desire to stay at the San Siro next season. The Italian international centre-back has worked his way towards the top of Spurs' summer transfer shortlist but Antonio Conte has his work cut out trying to convince his former player to join him in north London. Tottenham are ready to pay big bucks to land the 23-year-old, who is reportedly valued at £54million by Inter. But the move has been made complicated by Bastoni's stance on an exit, which could now prevent Fabio Paratici from landing his man, Tullio Tinti, who represents the player, expects Bastoni to stay put next season. “He is certainly a big fan of the team he plays for, so he will happily remain at Inter,” Tinti told Sportitalia. READ MORE: Inter Milan 'make second star available to Tottenham' as move 'does not appeal' to Bastoni Tinti didn't entirely rule out a move though, hinting his client would 'adjust' - seemingly in reference to a move to Tottenham. “However, he is also a professional. This is football and he has to adjust," he added. "It’s clear he is very happy to play for Inter and feels this jersey like a tattoo on his skin.” Tottenham are hoping Inter are willing to push through a sale to ease the financial pressure they are facing off the field. Inter are already lining up a swoop for Torino's Gleison Bremer, which could potentially soften their position over Bastoni. READ MORETottenham already discussing third signing after completing Ivan Perisic formalitiesTottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal It's understood the Brazilian, who won Serie A Defender of the Season, is not a direct replacement for Bastoni, though. Spurs do have other options on the agenda though if they wish to explore alternatives. RB Leipzig's Josko Gvardiol, formerly a target of Leeds, is a player they like. Chelsea are also keen on the Croatian too, meaning Leipzig are set to demand mega-money for their talismanic leader. Pau Torres is also of interest with Villarreal willing to accept offers in the region of £45m. Barcelona have also offered Clement Lenglet around to Tottenham and Arsenal, who are both unlikely to pursue a deal. Bastoni wants to reunite with his former coach Conte in the future but for now, a transfer may have to wait. Spurs could still chance their arm with an opening offer though, to seriously test Inter's resolve.