The Nationwide Housing Index released on Thursday shows that house price growth is still in the double digits, with year-on-year growth now standing at 11.2 percent. Prices rose by 0.3 percent in June, down from 0.9 percent growth in May, showing that the market is beginning to slow more rapidly than throughout the year so far. Average prices have now increased by a staggering £26,000 from the first quarter of 2021, reaching £271,613. Annual growth is strongest in the southwest of England, overtaking Wales as the most robust region of the UK. Home values in the South West have grown 14.7 percent year-on-year, with East Anglia, not far behind on 14.2 percent growth in the last 12 months. Welsh growth now sits at 13.4 percent - a 1.9 percent drop from earlier this year. READ MORE: How to sell your home for 10% above asking price using paint House prices in the South East have increased by 10 percent since this time in 2021, and the West Midlands has seen prices go up by 11.8 percent. The North West of England has the biggest flourish in the north in terms of year-on-year values, with house prices increasing by 13.3 percent. Elsewhere in the north, Yorkshire’s house prices have increased by 11.8 percent and the North East is looking healthy on 10.4 percent. Scotland and Northern Ireland are also reporting around 10 percent in price growth, with Scotland’s homes going up in price by 9.5 percent and Northern Ireland’s rising by 11 percent. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea London remained the weakest-performing area, with annual price growth slowing to six percent, from 7.4 percent. Robert Gardner, chief economist at Nationwide, said: “The price of a typical UK home climbed to a new record high of £271,613, with average prices increasing by over £26,000 in the past year. “There are tentative signs of a slowdown, with the number of mortgages approved for house purchases falling back towards pre-pandemic levels in April and surveyors reporting some softening in new buyer enquiries. “Nevertheless, the housing market has retained a surprising amount of momentum given the mounting pressure on household budgets from high inflation.” DON'T MISSInside Pippa Middleton's £17million Chelsea home with James Matthews [INSIGHT]DIY mum transforms ‘unliveable’ Victorian home into minimalist haven [REPORT]House prices: Contracting market could lead to 'sharp correction' [INSIGHT] Commenting on Nationwide’s latest figures, Nicky Stevenson, managing director of estate agent Fine & Country said: “House price growth continues to drift downward in response to mounting pressures in the broader economy. “Increased borrowing costs have come at a time when disposable incomes are already shrinking and the UK is edging closer to recession. “These pressures are bound to stretch affordability in the months ahead with inflation still to peak and more aggressive monetary tightening now being signalled by the Bank of England.” Lawrence Bowles, director of research at Savills, expected house price growth to keep slowing down - but no drop is on the cards just yet. He said: “As the Bank of England warns it may hike the base rate by 0.5 percent in August, the outlook for the rest of the year becomes ever more contingent on mortgage costs. “We predict that rising rates and an evening-out of supply and demand mean we’ll see price growth ease back to 7.5 percent by the end of this year.”