Many Britons are ready to jet off on holiday soon and some may want to use these unusual hotel hacks next time they check-in. Flight attendant Nassim, who has been flying the skies for years, shared the best well-kept hotel secrets and her favourite hacks, which she claimed "not many people know". Nassim said there is an easy way to get "perfect" clothes when there is no iron in the hotel room, and this is her favourite hack. Flight attendants have to wear a uniform every day which often consists of a white shirt which must be perfectly ironed. This is also useful for holidaymakers who need wrinkle-free clothes before heading to dinner. Nassim explained: "I would say if you have anything that needs ironing place the clothes on a hanger and hang it in the bathroom. READ MORE: Deep vein thrombosis on planes: The drinks that can increase risk  "When you shower the steam will sort it out." However, the trick will work if guests have hot showers - full heat – and then hang the clothing items in the bathroom. These can simply be placed on a towel hook. Then, shut the door and let the steam do the trick. It will usually take around 10 to 20 minutes for the wrinkles to be completely gone.  The flight attendant recommended checking the "lost and found" at the hotel as this can save holidaymakers a lot of money. How? She said: "If you forget chargers or adaptors usually the hotel has some in the lost and found. In some places, they will lend it out. "I have done this many times," she explained. "It will also save you time and money as you won't have to go to the shops to look for one." Travellers can ask the hotel staff to check the lost and found not only for chargers and adaptors but also for other items they have forgotten such as clothes, straighteners or other electronic devices. According to a recent Travelodge report, some of the most bizarre items ever found in hotels lost and found are: a pair of Alpacas called Ant and Dec, a 65-year-old luck Bonsai tree, an Aston Martin, a dissertation and a precious 20-year-old celebrity autograph book. Items are "usually kept with the housekeeping department" in the lost and found room for at least three months. Nassim added some hotels also provide free transport to certain places "so it is a good idea to check on that too". The flight attendant also said it is essential guests are nice to the hotel staff as they are the ones who will assist them if they need help. Hotel staff can go the extra mile to help holidaymakers and this will depend on the treatment they have received from them. Nassim explained: "Being nice to the staff at the hotel will work in your favour if you need help with anything you want."