Nick Kyrgios wowed fans at the Stuttgart Open as he fizzed an exquisite cross court return to help turn his tie against Nikoloz Basilashvili. The Australian came back from one set down to beat his opponent in the quarter-final clash. The sensational shot went down a treat with the watching audience, while Kyrgios reacted with his customary nonchalant demeanour. While talent has never been an issue for the 27-year-old, attitude problems and injuries have somewhat stifled his career. He has fallen to a world ranking of 78th this year in a career that regularly saw him challenge tennis’ best, reaching a career high of 13th in 2016. It looks as if he is getting back to his best ahead of the Wimbledon Championships at the end of the month. The tournament will hold a special place in Kyrgios’ memory having beaten Rafael Nadal on his way to the quarter-finals in his breakout tournament. Those in attendance in Stuttgart were treated to an impressive Kyrgios showing as he came from one set down to beat 5th seed Basilashvili 6-7 6-4 6-3. One cross court return was particularly eye-catching with one twitter user describing the Australian as a ‘martian’. However, attitude problems continued to blight the Australian’s performance. The star spent much of the match berating anyone that would listen including the umpire, officials and even himself. This ended up being immaterial as he went onto win. Kyrgios has suffered another stop-start 2022 with a run to the quarter-finals of Indian Wells dovetailing with an early second round knockout in his home Grand Slam. However, he has managed to experience success in the men’s doubles alongside partner Thanasi Kokkinakis, winning as a wildcard pairing down under. The pair achieved the feat of becoming the first ever men’s doubles pairing to win the tournament as a wildcard pick. He chose to sit out of the French Open as he has for the last four years. The Slam comes during the busy summer season where the 27-year-old often spends months away from home. He often makes the decision to sit out the tournament in order to spend some quality time at home with his girlfriend before heading back to the tour. "We decided to go home and have that time,” he explained .”The time at home is crucial because the next trip is three months. That time at home is so valuable, we're both very family-orientated so we have to make sure that circle remains tight." Kyrgios has made a promising start in his preparations for Wimbledon and he is sure to be a big draw for spectators. The Australian will hope he can build on his performances in Stuttgart to go far in SW19.