The Saturday Kitchen studio was decked out with Union Jack bunting for a Platinum Jubilee special of the BBC One cooking show. As part of the royal instalment, presenter Matt Tebbutt made two Jubilee inspired dishes and wanted viewers to vote for their favourite. However, he had to issue a warning to the Queen before describing one option which he branded "filthy".  Addressing viewers at home, he began: "Are you having a street party this weekend or just enjoy the party at the palace on TV tonight?" Matt explained he wanted viewers to vote on a celebratory recipe inspired by the Jubilee he had made. He said: "I have picked two very different but equally inspiring recipes for you to vote for." The first was a twist on coronation chicken, which Matt said was his personal favourite of the two options. READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return "Now this recipe is perfect for any street party," he added. The presenter said he has taken a classic coronation chicken to "another level" before issuing an apology to the Queen. He smiled: "I'm sorry your Majesty but this could be described as a little bit filthy. "So I am going to deep fry some crispy buttermilk chicken thighs and I am going to serve them with a raisin and turmeric chutney and a traditional coronation sauce.  "There is a dash of mango chutney in there and I am going to finish it with chilli and coriander and toasted almonds. "It is the very definition of dirty street food." The second option was a rack of lamb served with roasted garlic on a layer of mint hollandaise sauce with a summer vegetable ragu. "It's packed with asparagus, fennel and broad beans - it's delicious," Matt added while describing the mouth-watering dish. DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt hits out after being snubbed on BBC [LATEST]Matt Tebbutt shares concerns over James Martin's 'loyal following' [UPDATE]Saturday Kitchen's Matt Tebbutt on help from wife with busy schedule [INSIGHT] "There are two tempting recipes fit for the Queen if I say so myself but the choice is yours," he added. Matt went on to discuss a host of Jubilee themed cocktails viewers at home could try throughout the bank holiday weekend. BBC viewers were left divided over the two options Matt presented them with and many took to Twitter to voice their opinions. July Bird added: "The chicken was going to get my vote until Matt mentioned the raisin chutney. Hate raisins."  Caroline quipped: "Has to be filthy fried chicken." Doris Dale, who was also won over by the first option, said: "Filthy fried chicken? Oh, go on then..." (sic) The guests on the instalment included comedian Bill Bailey and Paralympian swimmer Ellie Simmonds who tucked into Anna Haugh's roasted partridge with seasonal vegetables. Saturday Kitchen continues next Saturday at 10am on BBC One. 