Managed by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), PIP is a benefit payment designed to help those with certain health conditions or who have a disability. It is split into different parts: a daily living component and a mobility component which go towards the payment of different things. For each component, there are two different rates of payment, higher and lower, which are awarded depending on the severity of someone’s disability or condition. For the daily living component of the PIP, the lower weekly rate is currently £61.85 and the higher rate stands at £94.40. Comparatively, the disability payment’s mobility component is £24.45 for the lower weekly rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. If someone were to be in receipt of the higher weekly rates of both components, a PIP claimant would receive £156.90. According to the DWP, there are 19 health conditions which make people eligible for PIP. Among these conditions are: READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum  As part of the applicant process, those interested in claiming PIP may need to complete a medical assessment to determine how much they will get from the DWP. On its website, Turn2Us shared how medical assessments can work for applicants depending on their circumstances. The charity stated: “You can take someone with you. It is important that you go, unless you have a good reason not to. “If you cannot go, you need to tell the assessment provider why you can't go and ask them to move the appointment or arrange an assessment that accommodates your disability needs. “As of November 2021, the DWP is starting to introduce audio recordings of all assessments. “If your assessment centre cannot provide a recording yet, you can ask for your assessment to be delayed until the centre has the equipment to provide a recording.” The UK Government has recently been promoting its various disability benefit payments, including PIP, to get more people applying for them. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, emphasised how vital these payments are to those who qualify Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” Those interested in applying for PIP should reach out to their local DWP centre or call the PIP enquiry line on 0800 121 4433.