Following backlash, GB News has revealed it will take up the mantle. More than 500,000 people across 18 districts are expected to turn out for the pro-unionist parade, organised by the Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland. July 12 is a public holiday in Northern Ireland. BBC Northern Ireland usually provides live coverage for the event, but said it would not do so this year, “after careful consideration”. A spokesperson for the order said the decision was reached “without meaningful discussion or consultation”. TUV leader Jim Allister, quoted in the BBC, described the lack of live coverage from the corporation as “scandalous”. He added it was a “slap in the face” for unionists” and was “symptomatic of anti-unionist BBC culture”. The Grand Orange Lodge of Ireland also voiced its “immense disappointment”. READ MORE: Voters ‘fed up’ with waiting for politician whose fit to lead She added: “One of the reasons I joined GB News was to bring a better understanding of Northern Ireland life and culture to a wider UK audience. “GB News stands for inclusion, of all regional voices, and the Orange Parades are core to our voice in Northern Ireland.” DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] The BBC will still cover the parade in an hour-long programme. This will feature events at eight locations. But Douglas Beattie, GB News Northern Ireland Correspondent, insisted such a programme would not be a good enough replacement. He said: “Edited highlights are never the same – you really need live coverage to capture the immediacy, passion and emotion of the Orange Parades, so that’s what we’ll deliver.” Mr Beattie added: “The BBC has huge resources so it’s a challenge to mount this broadcast at such short notice, but that makes it even more exciting. And as we proved with the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, you don’t need to be the biggest broadcaster to win viewers’ hearts.” Express.co.uk approached the BBC for comment.