Money Heist Korea is the show's first reboot, giving the original story of La Casa de Papel a new lease of life. While the characters and the general plot are similar, there is plenty more scope given the geographical and political differences. Here's everything there is to know about season one of Money Heist Korea on Netflix.  Money Heist Korea: Joint Economic Area launched on Friday, June 24, on Netflix. Straight away, the series delved into a hostage crisis in the Korean Peninsula, instantly hooking subscribers. The first six episodes of the action-thriller were dropped on the release date in one go. This isn't the end of season one just yet though as there are still more episodes on their way. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital  Much like other Netflix shows such as Stranger Things, Better Call Saul and Ozark, Money Heist Korea has been split into two parts. In total, the Korean drama is going to be made up of 12 episodes. So there are still episodes seven to 12 to look forward to on the streaming service. As of yet, a return date for Money Heist Korea season one hasn't been announced.   Typically, Netflix releases the second half of shows around one month after the previous has come out. Bearing this in mind, Money Heist Korea season one part two could be released in late July or early August. As of yet, there has been no talk on whether or not there will be a second season. It is probably too early to assess the show's popularity but given how the original drama ran for five series, it does seem likely there could be more to come. DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt issued warning by BBC co-star after Naga Munchetty jibe [WARNING]Doc Martin original cast: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Money Heist Korea Netflix release time: What time is the series out? [RELEASE TIME] Berlin actor Park Hae-soo spoke to Discussing Film about some of his insights into the show. He said: “With this being the Korean version, the biggest change is the set-up. "It is based on Korean history and us being a divided nation. "So that’s going to be something you might want to look out for in particular as you watch it, and that’s something that’s going to differentiate the Korean series from the Spanish original.”   At the end of episode six, the Professor (played by Yoo Ji-tae) asks Seon Woojin (Yunjin Kim) if she can quit the case as she is clearly exhausted. He surprised himself by suggesting that he needs her on the task force team before realising at that moment that he is in love with her. When Seon leaves him for the night, the Professor is met with Cha Moohyuk (Kim Sung-oh) but what could he want? Money Heist Korea part one is available to watch on Netflix.  