Later today Emma Raducanu will begin her second ever Wimbledon campaign as she faces a tough first round encounter with Alison Van Uytvanck. It will mark her very first match on centre court after a surreal year for the British star.  After a promising run to the fourth at SW19 round last summer, the British faithful will be rallying around the tenth seed in the hope she can have a deep run at the All-England Club this year. But does the Bromley local have a significant other that will be willing her on to victory? The teen is currently single, but rumours previously surfaced regarding potential romances, starting with singer HRVY last year. Soon after she captured the US Open title last September, the 22-year-old revealed he is "close" to Emma and claimed the pair "chat all the time". He spilled: "We’re close. We’re good friends. She’s just stunned about winning. I watched the match with my whole family, like the rest of the nation. She is a lovely girl and she makes me proud to be British." JUST IN: Emma Raducanu allays Wimbledon injury fears ahead of her first Centre Court appearance   According to the The Sun, HRVY watched Emma play at Wimbledon in 2021 "and thought she was stunning". A source added he decided to get in touch with her and claimed she was "flattered" by the attention. However, any chance of a romance soon dissipated with the former Strictly finalist reported to be dating former Emmerdale star Mimi Slinger. But just last month, reports claim that the teen had been swapping flirty messages online with MotoGP star Fabio Quartararo. The duo have been racking up likes on each others’ Instagram pages – with Fabio leaving a lobster emoji on one of Emma’s posts and fans questioning if he was “fishing” for her affections. There is also speculation that the pair could have grown close through a shared love for driving high speed vehicles as Emma used to race go-karts and motorbikes when she was a child, and is a big motor racing fan. Following doubts surrounding her fitness, Raducanu reassured fans and the media that she is injury-free and ready to compete at Wimbledon one again. “Definitely looking forward to stepping out on court on Monday. There were moments earlier in the week when we weren’t sure,” she said in pre-tournament press conference yesterday. “We were sort of going to see how the week goes. But it went pretty well. And, yeah, now it’s full steam ahead. Everyone’s really looking forward to it. Yeah, we’re all ready.” 