The multi-millionaire was conned by Vovan and Lexus, a Russian double act who specialise in humiliating famous people in the West. They have successfully tricked Boris Johnson, the Defence Secretary Ben Wallace and other victims include Prince Harry and Elton John. The pair managed to convince Rowling she was speaking to President Volodymyr Zelensky about her charity work in the country and then on June 17, posted a video of the call online. The 12 minute exchange included a claim Ukrainian troops were writing 'Avada Kedavra’, a curse which kills people in the Harry Potter fantasy world, on missiles bound for Russian targets.  During the call the impersonator also appeared to ask her if Albus Dumbledore was gay. The Zelensky impersonator said: "By the way, I ordered that our fighters write "Avada Kedavra" on the missiles that we will launch in Donetsk and Luhansk, so how do you like this joke?" In response the author appears to say: "I love the joke, I love the joke, I really do."  The hoaxers add: "Finally, tell me a secret, I am interested as your fan, is Dumbledore gay? I won't tell anyone, and who did he sleep with?" This prompts the author to smile, and say: "I said in 2007 that I always saw Dumbledore as gay." A spokesperson for the author later called the video a "distorted representation" and "distasteful".  The spokesman said: '"J.K. Rowling was approached to talk about her extensive charitable work in Ukraine, supporting children and families who have been affected by the current conflict in the region. "The video, which has been edited, is a distorted representation of the conversation." Vovan and Lexus, Vladimir Kuznetsov and Alexey Stolyarov, have admitted being sympathetic to Vladimir Putin but deny being Russian agents.  Earlier this year they tricked Mr Wallace into thinking he was talking to Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal in a 10-minute Teams call from the back of his car. In 2020 they convinced Prince Harry he was speaking to Greta Thunberg and her father while Boris Johnson spent 18 minutes speaking to Stolyarov and Kuznetsov as they pretended to be the Armenian Prime Minister in 2018. Elton John thought he was speaking with President Putin when the pair targeted him in 2015. 