EastEnders fans will know Linda (played by Kellie Bright) was close to death following a car accident she got into while Janine (Charlie Brooks) was driving. Horrifically, Janine placed an unconscious Linda, who had been drinking, into the driver's seat and left the scene, leaving Linda to die and framing her for drink-driving. During Wednesday's BBC episode, Linda's family were delighted when she finally woke up. However, when she acted as though she must have been driving drunk, they deserted her in disgust. But could this all be part of a plan she has up her sleeve? Fans have theorised what she may be up to.  Linda had no memory of the accident and as her family grilled her about getting behind the wheel drunk and with baby Annie in the car, she tearfully said she "must have". Janine entered the hospital room prepared to fight her corner if Linda had recalled the incident. However, the appearance of Janine didn't reignite a memory for Linda. Despite this, she did glare at her for a while before stating she had no idea what had happened. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement At this, her family all walked away, disgraced by the thought she would have driven a car while drunk. Her daughter Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) had been convinced her mother wouldn't be capable of such a thing. When Linda first woke up, Nancy tried to get the truth out of her, adamant she was innocent. Linda remembered Nancy walking away after an argument. "What happened when Nancy left?" Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) asked. "Annie was crying, I tried to calm her," she recalled. She added: "I should have got her out, I was upset." She then admitted to having had a drink. As Janine walked in, the two shared a look and Linda said she "must have" driven drunk. Nancy, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and Mick all stormed out, leaving a sobbing Linda in the hospital room. DON'T MISS... Matt Lucas gobsmacked as he discovers Anne Frank connection [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater exits as she starts new life [THEORY]Exasperated Dominic Raab shakes head at Garrawa’s wine probe [VIDEO] But could her silence be part of a secret revenge plan she has hatched? Some soap fans believe so, and many took to social media to explore the theory. Twitter user @Wee_Westie29 wrote: "I'm hoping Linda got her memory back when she saw Janine and is faking her amnesia and that when she gets home, she starts messing with the Carters and Janine to get even at Christmas? #Eastenders @bbceastenders." "She knows for sure. she’s just pretending till she feels better," @nashlikesfood1 replied. @JackBatchelor3 echoed this, writing: "Linda's definitely bluffing. She remembers Janine there. #EastEnders." @RyanGSoapKing11 commented: "Tick tock Janine Linda knows everything and biding her time #EastEnders." "Do we have to wait till Christmas to sort this?" asked i_bloodshot. @trevorsroyle added: "That shot of Linda just staring blankly at the ceiling, she definitely knows it was Janine that crashed the car #EastEnders." EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.