Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy and Everton owner Bill Kenwright were spotted having dinner together on Monday night, as transfer rumours heighten. Both Richarlison and Anthony Gordon have been linked with moves to Tottenham and now fans are starting to believe that a deal is on the cards. Levy and Kenwright were spotted having dinner in Scott's seafood restaurant in Mayfair, according to broadcaster Jon Sopel. Sopel was on the table next to the pair, who shared dinner over what could very well be transfer talks ahead of potential moves this summer. Tottenham have been linked with a move for Richarlison since the start of the window, and Gordon has since been rumoured to be heading to north London too. Sky Sports have reported that Everton are preparing for bids as Richarlison is linked with moves to both Chelsea and Tottenham. But perhaps Levy is trying his best to secure a deal on a personal level, as both north London clubs continue to splash the cash this summer. READ MORE: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop  Richarlison has reportedly been tracked by Tottenham since the star was at Watford, and Gordon is being eyed as one of the stars of the future after a breakthrough year in the Everton first team. But it's not just Tottenham that are looking to sign players from Everton, as Harry Winks is linked with a move in the opposite direction. After joining the academy at the age of five, Winks has been told to find a new club this summer, and the arrival of Yves Bissouma from Brighton has all but confirmed his exit. Tottenham also signed Rodrigo Bentancur in January, and they are now well stocked in the midfield area, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Oliver Skipp also options.  DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting' (NEWS)What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd move (INSIGHT)Cristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links (TRANSERS) Winks could be included as part of any deal for Gordon or Richarlison, and it's likely that the topic was brought up over dinner. But in an attempt to deter Richarlison from leaving the club, former Tottenham star Andros Townsend has risked a potential fall out with his old supporters by telling the Brazilian that moving to the north London club would 'not be a step up'. "I think you're being slightly disrespectful by calling Spurs a step up," he told talkSPORT. "I think Everton is one of the biggest clubs in England, one of the most historic clubs, one of the biggest fanbases. He's already a hero at Everton for what he's done. He's a fantastic player and towards the end of the season the goals he scored to keep us up." 