Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has taken to Twitter to go after royal commentator, Peter Hunt. The TV star said she was “at a loss” and claimed it seems Peter "clearly loathes" the Royal Family.  Peter tweeted a post to his 60,900 followers explaining an image taken of the Royal Family on the balcony of Buckingham Palace following the Platinum Jubilee Pageant.  He wrote: “The Windsor dynasty appears secure as it basks in the jubilee afterglow.  “The transition is advancing smoothly, without fuss or fanfare. The long goodbye is underway.”  Kirstie then responded to the reporter in full view of her own 427,700 followers. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee She wrote: “Everyone has different views on the monarchy, it’s not for everyone by any means. “But as Peter Hunt so clearly loathes the Royal Family, I’m at a loss to know why he wants to earn a living talking about them?” Followers and fans of the Channel 4 presenter then rushed to the comment section to share their thoughts on the subject. @Theimagebarn said: “Not sure if his comments come across as loathing to be honest.  “I read the “long goodbye “ as the process to the unfortunate time when we have to say goodbye to Her Majesty.”  Kirstie responded to the fan, politely disagreeing.  She wrote: “I follow him, and the lack of positive comment is very notable.”  On the same thread, in favour of the Queen, @Foxy_T86 penned: “If only everyone could be so grateful for what that wonderful woman has given for us all.” DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) @BlessingMuseki commented: “Most journalists hate war, but they still make a living reporting about it.” Kirstie responded: “War and The Queen, not wildly comparable, but I take your point.” @Mattanddarren wrote: “It would be lovely if us British could celebrate what we do well, it’s been a fabulous celebration.” @Sarahlustne opined: “He’s in completely the wrong job! “Like Omid Scobie who calls himself a royal correspondent but only wants to talk about the Californians in glowing terms and be rude about everyone else.” Kirstie Allsopp is best known for starring and presenting Channel 4 shows such as Location. Location, Location. Last week, Britain's Got Talent comedian Suzi Wild made a joke about Kirstie relying on a “trust fund”. Following the impression, which also referenced Kirstie “throwing away diamonds”, Judge Amanda Holden defended her friend live on TV. Much to fellow judge Simon Cowell’s surprise, Amanda insisted she “loved” Kirstie while giving feedback to Suzi. In response, Kirstie took to Twitter and penned: “I adore @AmandaHolden always have, she’s gusty, funny and, it turns out loyal." Express.co.uk have reached out to Peter Hunt for comment.