If you're struggling to maintain your Quordle winning streak, or perhaps you're finding it hard to score a victory at all, then you've definitely come to the right place. Your best source for Wordle and Quordle hints, Express Online is back with even more clues for today's Quordle teaser. If you need help with the daily Quordle 142 for June 15, then head to the bottom of the page for some spoiler-free hints. The most popular Wordle spinoff among Express readers, Quordle challenges players to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, for example, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. If you want to expand your Quordle experience even further, then you could join the players creating their very own poems with the four answers. Using the #DailyQuordlePoem hashtag (via the Daily Quordle Poem Twitter page), the aim is to create a four line poem using yesterday's words (this way there are no spoilers). One user posted the following poem with the answers from the June 13 puzzle: "PHASE of full moon makes lovers SWOON, its force pulls the SALTY tides, a lunar MANIA rises, then subsides." Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter S. 2. The first word contains one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. A utensil. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word also starts with the letter S. 2. The second word also contains one vowel that appears twice. 3. Ghostly. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word ALSO starts with the letter S. 2. The third word contains one vowel. 3. Something you'd wear to keep warm. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. Incredibly, the fourth word also starts with the letter S. 2. The fourth word contains just one vowel. 3. It's cold out!