Erling Haaland never seriously considered a move to Manchester United this summer due to being unconvinced about their project, according to reports. His subsequent switch to noisy neighbours Manchester City, who pipped Liverpool to the Premier League title last term, highlights the notion that Erik ten Hag has a monster task on his hands in his first season at Old Trafford. Many clubs were thought to be sniffing around Haaland, who had a £51million release clause in his Borussia Dortmund contract. Bonuses to the striker's agent and father inflated the final bill significantly, but there were still rumours aplenty given his outstanding goals record in Germany. Despite United throwing their name into the mix, GOAL claim that Haaland never gave a move to Old Trafford much thought as he was unconvinced about the direction in which the club was heading. To rub salt into the wounds, ex-Benfica star Darwin Nunez seemingly came to a similar conclusion as he joined arch-rivals Liverpool this summer. The revelation indicates that Ten Hag needs to prioritise creating a structure, an identity and a clear direction - the like of which United were missing under Ralf Rangnick and in the latter stages of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's tenure. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'offended' Lukaku with Conte joke that 'didn't go down well' Even the most ambitious Red Devils fans would admit that they are not as attractive a prospect as they used to be, not just due to their lack of silverware in recent years, but an occasionally hostile atmosphere too. This summer, Ten Hag can only offer Europa League football and they could have tumbled down to the UEFA Conference League if West Ham had won on the final day of the season. Tensions between fans and the club's owners, the Glazers, has also made Old Trafford an unsettled environment of late. United legend Gary Neville wrote on Twitter last week: "The Glazer Family should NOT be taking £11m in dividends this Friday. It isn’t right with the investment needed in the team,stadium and training ground. The clubs cash position is low compared to previous years. An announcement is needed to halt it for the next 3 years minimum." READ MORE: Klopp has perfect Liverpool player to unlock Nunez's true ability All things considered, it may come as little surprise that Haaland opted to snub Man Utd this summer. City can at least boast a cohesive squad under Pep Guardiola, and with a longstanding vacancy up top since the departure of Sergio Aguero, it made sense that the Norwegian would have little trouble getting regular minutes if he signed up to fill it. United also have an attacking vacancy since Edinson Cavani decided against signing a new contract. Cristiano Ronaldo is expected to be Ten Hag's top option through the middle, and while that might have changed if their swoop for Nunez had been successful, recent transfer business suggests that the Dutchman is prioritising other areas of the squad. A lucrative proposal has reportedly been accepted by Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong - the midfielder Ten Hag is supposedly planning to use as the cornerstone of his United project. If the project bears fruit, it could convince players of Haaland's calibre to give more thought to an opportunity at Old Trafford in the future. And with progress being made on the De Jong front, United look to be gathering pace in the summer window as a hijacked move for Feyenoord left-back Tyrell Malacia appears close to completion. Ajax trio Antony, Jurrien Timber and Lisandro Martinez have also been heavily linked with the Red Devils.