Gareth Southgate has made the stunning admission that he would have to consider the implication of picking black players to take penalties at the World Cup. Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Bukayo Saka all received a torrent of abuse on social media of a racist nature after they missed in the Euro 2020 final shoot-out against Italy.  And although he claimed choosing a penalty-taker according to what kind of reaction he might get has “never crossed his mind before”, Southgate admitted to worrying after the final England camp broke down last summer. “When I left The Grove that day I couldn’t help but feel, ‘Have I created this situation here for the boys?’” he said. “But it wouldn’t be right to not pick the players you think are best to take them because of what the possible consequences of them missing would be. “I’ve got to pick them on the belief they are going to score - we know anything else would be ludicrous. We know that’s outrageous to even think about. I’m trying to balance whether the question is about the racism itself, which is abhorrently and unacceptable, and what you’re identifying, that there’s another layer of complexity in making that decision.”   With time, Southgate hopes the problem mends itself with more black players taking kicks in high-pressure situations. “Some of the boys have taken more with their clubs,” he said. “Reece James has, I think, had four in shootouts this year. Trent Alexander-Arnold has had two. Bukayo Saka has now taken a couple for his club, which were massively courageous moments that eptimoised what he’s about. “But indirectly, we have created another layer of difficulty in overcoming a penalty shootout. I have got to take all of those things into consideration and it is incredibly complex.” Southgate’s more pressing concern is bouncing back from defeat to Hungary to beating traditional rivals Germany in Munich.   Phil Foden remains at home with Covid and Fikayo Timori and James Justin Jamesbut Raheem Sterling is fit to play alongside Marc Guehi, who has passed a fitness test. GERMANY (4–2-3-1): Neuer; Kehrer, Style, Rudiger, Raum; Kimmich, Gundogan; Gnabry, Havertz, Mane; Muller. ENGLAND (3-4-3): Pickford; Cuehi, Stones, Maguire; James, Phillips, Rice, Trippier; Saka, Kane, Sterling. REFEREE: Carlos del Cerro Grande (ESP) TV TIME: Channel 4, kick-off 7.45pm 