More than a third (35 percent) enjoy mixing sweet and savoury food together, and named cheddar cheese with apple, and prosciutto with melon, among their favourites. Other unique concoctions include milkshake and fries, mince pies topped with cheese, and salt mixed with porridge. However, 31 percent have a firm ritual for the way they eat their snacks, while half (48 percent) prefer to stick with simpler flavours. The research was commissioned by the cookie brand, OREO, to mark the launch of its new #OREOtwists campaign – which celebrates and debates the different ways people enjoy eating the iconic black and white cookie. When quizzed on why biscuits and cookies make the ideal base for twisted snacking combinations, 67 percent said due to their crunchy texture, while 56 percent appreciated their solid, flat structure. Hilarious brother duo Adam and Ryan Thomas have tried some of the nation’s favourite twists, including biscuits dipped in orange juice and dunked in custard. Ryan Thomas said: “I’ve always been a big fan of experimenting with different twists on my favourite snacks, and I'm loving testing out some mind-blowing flavour mash-ups. “I’m definitely Team Swalty all the way.” Adam Thomas said: “My brother and I have always enjoyed a bit of banter in the kitchen – it’s got to be Team Sweet for me.” The study also found 81 percent actively look for inspiration when it comes to trying new food twists, and nearly half (45 percent) love to test out new flavour combinations they see online. More than two thirds of “culinary creators” are keen for friends (66 percent) and family (60 percent) to try their pairings. However, some need a little encouragement when it comes to sharing – as less than half claim they feel comfortable sharing their unusual snacking combinations with others (46 percent). It also emerged 56 percent trial different ways to eat their snacks, choosing to create their own rituals for eating their favourite foods. And when it comes to the sweet and salty debate, a fifth are team “swalty” – choosing snacks which play on both flavour combinations. But three in ten (29 percent) of those surveyed, via OnePoll, opt for team savoury, while only 17 percent prefer sweet. Katya Savelieva, spokeswoman for OREO UK at Mondelēz International, said: “We know OREO fans have a lot of fun with the way they eat our iconic cookie, and we are proud to celebrate this with our #OREOtwists campaign. “Whether they’re part of the “eat it in one bite” crew, like a third of the nation, or in the “twist and lick” brigade as a quarter are, the nation has come together in telling us about their favourite base for playful flavour combinations.” TOP 20 UNUSUAL FOOD PAIRINGS: