The Commonwealth includes some of the most exciting economies in the world eg India, Pakistan, Australia, Nigeria, South Africa, Malaysia, Singapore and Canada. There are also key strategic countries like Cyprus and Malta. In total, there are 54 countries and 2.6 billion people which is about a third of the world’s population and a quarter of its land mass. Britain has the largest economy but only just. India is not far behind. Some try to write the Commonwealth off by saying these were former members of the British Empire. That’s not true. Both Rwanda and Mozambique were never colonised by the British. The Queen is only head of state in about 15 of the countries. Starting today the Commonwealth Heads of Government will meet in Kigali, Rwanda. This year the meetings have a greater significance than for some time. The battleground for so many of the world’s challenges will be in Commonwealth countries many of which have emerging economies. The cost of living crisis, the fight against Covid and the development of sustainable economies are just some of the joint challenges the community faces. Britain intends to build a greater relationship with Commonwealth countries now that it has left the European Union. Of course, this is not intended to replace EU trade. The EU accounted for around four times the level of trade with the Commonwealth, but with one important difference. Many of the countries in the Commonwealth are growing much faster, albeit from a smaller base. Free Trade Agreements though will accelerate fast because we have so much in common. Most of the Commonwealth countries have similar legal systems where English language and English law is embedded. We have our history in common and many shared cultures and traditions. This is especially important in the fast-growing Asia Pacific region. Our Commonwealth partners in the region are particularly dynamic and free economies. The recent AUKUS deal signed between the UK, Australia and America represented a great example of a joint response to a common threat. Australia needs access to the nuclear technologies that Britain has pioneered with its own submarine fleet. America, which is a key strategic partner in the Asia pacific region, needs interoperability so we can work closer together. Why does all this matter? Because the Commonwealth has been borne out of shared mutual cooperation and trust. The European Union was born out of the exact opposite. It was built to bind two belligerent nations of two world wars so tightly that they couldn’t ever go to war again with each other. Each side imposed regulations on the other so no competitive commercial advantage could be gained. In trying to restrict each other, they restricted the whole. The reason the European Union failed for Britain was the inflexibility of its laws. The forces required to bind together France and Germany were so rigid that ultimately it cost the Union their first departure. The Commonwealth represents an enormous opportunity for like-minded nations to work together. Its future is geared around openness, optimism and above all growth. This should be a golden age for this community. So many of our challenges are common and so much of our future wealth has yet to come. This is an exciting family to be part of. If Britain is the Mother country then she is deciding to spend more time with her fast-growing family than with her neighbours.