Our calendar is peppered with reminders of national days like St. Patrick’s, St. David’s, St. George’s and St. Andrew’s days. In England, in Victorian times there was even an Oak Apple Day or Royal Oak Day. This was an English, Welsh and Irish public holiday, observed annually on May 29, to commemorate the restoration of the Stuart monarchy in May 1660. In some parts of England, the day is still celebrated. The recent Platinum Jubilee reminded us of what national unity feels like. It was a rare and refreshing moment amid the almost constant argument. The shared common affection for HM The Queen, the pride in seeing the guards drill for Trooping the Colour, the spectacle of the fly past and the beacons being lit across the country. All of these, reminded us that we do pageantry well. We love our history and traditions. Perhaps it is because we trust the things which are not changing as fast as everything else around it. The older you get, the more like faithful friends these traditions seem to be. With so much heritage, we’re suspicious of change and yet Britain is a remarkably modern place. We lead the world in research, renewable energy, engineering areas like aerospace and motorsport. A love of your country is not nationalism, it is patriotism. There’s a difference. Nationalism looks down on other countries in hate. Patriotism looks up with love. Is it possible to love a country while being fully aware of its shortcomings? You might love Manchester United, but it won’t stop you being critical of their performance. Neither, should it stop you expressing your love and pride in the club. Perhaps one of the most inspiring things anyone can witness in football is when the crowd continues to cheer their team even when they go behind.  DON'T MISS: Musk mystery as 'four unidentified payloads' spark fears [REPORT] Putin sent warning: UK's 'three-year secret' finally unveiled [REVEAL] Western weapons obliterate Putin's resupply vessel in Black Sea [SPOTLIGHT]  Some clubs are known for this. The crowd becomes the team’s 12th player and the team plays better for it. Which of us would thrive on a diet of constant criticism? Our country is no less different. It should be okay for us to love our country. The BBC of all organisations should know this. It says it is one of the most loved organisations in the country, yet it often fails to show reciprocity. Is it a crime to be proud of our culture, our heritage, our food, our theatre, our industry, our universities, our NHS, our traditions, and our history? These, after all, are the things we have in common. The American philosopher Richard Rorty once said: “National pride is to countries what self-respect is to individuals, a necessary condition for self-improvement.” If we really want this country to become a better place, we must learn to at least balance our criticism of it with praise, encouragement, and hope. We are reforming and modernising our country to move at the speed business and science needs us to. We have opportunities brought by our new regulatory and trading freedoms. We have incredible talent, creativity and innovation. We should celebrate that. 