Eight Britain’s Got Talent acts took to the stage for the fourth semi-final on Thursday as they battled it out for two spaces in the ITV's show Grand Final. Dame Nation, The Frontline Singers and The Phantom were just a handful of the acts that performed for Simon Cowell, David Walliams, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon. Titan the Robot, Five Star Boys, Mary P and Stefano Paolini also performed. Amanda’s Golden Buzzer act Loren Allred completed the semi-final line-up. However, some ITV viewers weren’t impressed with the latest group of semi-finalists. @johngou16364081 tweeted: “Britains got woke is getting worse, it’s just one sob story after another. #BGT.” Read more: David Williams orders Simon Cowell to ‘go home’ after BGT act jibe @janeinglefield added: “Is there anyone in the semis without a sob story?? #BGT.” @AlexAshmore952m remarked: “Like many others have said, not much talent anymore just sob story and having a message. Think it needs to finish now #BGT.” “Again a distinct lack of talent. Perhaps just change it to;’ Britain's Got Sob Stories’ Very few of these people would be on this stage if it was a real talent show,” @hashtagMullins9m vented. (sic) Meanwhile, BGT was caught up in a “fix” row as Loren, the voice behind Jenny Lind’s iconic ballad Never Enough, performed. @jungwonllvr tweeted: “Don’t get me wrong shes a great singer, but shes a professional auditioning for a talent show #BGT. (sic) @maisier1616 agreed: “The whole point of this show is to give unknown people a platform who haven’t been given a chance before, the audacity of Aleshia to say Loren’s had to work harder than other acts because of her fame?? That is literally the opposite effect of what positive fame has #BGT.” After all eight acts had performed, Loren won the public vote and secured their spot in the Grand Final. It was then up to the judges to send either The Phantom or Five Star Boys through to Sunday’s show. DON'T MISSBGT 'fix' row as fans claim dog act was 'robbed' of place in final [INSIGHT]BGT viewers call for change after claiming semi-finals are 'Kids club' [VIDEO] Simon Cowell takes swipe at 'boring politicians' after BGT audition [VIDEO] Five Star Boys received the votes of all four judges which meant they will also perform again. On Wednesday, Tom Ball and Eva Abley earned their places in the Grand Final. Tom sailed through with the public vote after receiving a standing ovation from the judges and audience. He performed Conchita Wurst’s Rise Like A Phoenix. David commented: “I thought at one moment you might just take off and zoom into space with the power of your voice. “This is the best story ever, you are fantastic.” They joined Flintz & T4ylor, Ben Nickless, Jamie Leahey and Maxwell Thorpe. Britain’s Got Talent’s Grand Final airs on ITV on Sunday at 8pm.