A majority of Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) voted to require automakers to cut carbon dioxide emissions by 100 percent by the middle of next decade. This would amount to a prohibition on the sale in the European Union of new cars powered by petrol or diesel. The measure passed by 339 votes to 249, with 24 abstentions, at the vote in Strasbourg, France on Wednesday evening. The largest group of lawmakers in the Parliament, the European People’s Party, had attempted to promote a compromise which would have diluted proposals and allowed sales of hybrids to continue. Another amendment that was put forward by the Greens also failed, which would have brought the deadline forward to 2030. A number of electric car makers have already set deadlines as to when they will switch to making exclusively electric vehicles. READ MORE: New law will force homes to have an electric car charger next week British stalwarts like Aston Martin, Jaguar and Bentley have announced timelines for when they will make the switch. Aston Martin will release its first EV in 2025 and will aim to be 95 percent electric by 2030. Earlier this year, Bentley announced plans to invest £2.5billion over the next decade to become a fully-electric brand by 2030. Jaguar Land Rover set far loftier goals, pledging to be an all-electric brand by 2025, with the first of six electric Land Rovers due in just two years. DON'T MISSElectric car drivers report staggering change in driving attitudes [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of massive £2,500 fines for having Jubilee decorations [WARNING]EU car ban: MEPs vote to ban all petrol and diesel car sales [IMPORTANT] Joel Teague, CEO of Co Charger, reacted to the news and analysed what it would mean for UK car makers. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “The manufacturers are being driven far more by legacy thinking than anything else. “It is remarkable, although obvious, that there are no new car companies starting up to make petrol cars. “The only new car companies starting up are only making electric cars. "The only reason any car company is talking about prolonging production of internal combustion engine cars is because they’ve got some assets and they still want to believe it’s a good thing. “You’ve got people like Jaguar who went really early to saying ‘we’re going all electric’, you’ve got MG and all these other people who are going all-electric. “Others are dragging their feet. I believe those others won’t be around to sell any cars at all by 2030.” The UK Government has pledged to restrict the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2030, followed by a ban on hybrid car sales five years later. Despite some criticism from drivers, Jan Huitema, a Dutch MEP for the Renew Europe Group, celebrated the passing of the bill that he introduced to Parliament. Speaking yesterday, he said: “Great News! Today my report on CO2 standards for cars was adopted. Driving will be clean from 2035. “By stimulating innovation by car manufacturers for more and cheaper electric cars, driving becomes more sustainable and affordable for everyone.” Cars currently account for 12 percent of all CO2 emissions in the European Union, while transportation in general accounts for around a quarter.