Conducted by the University School of Medicine and VA in Saint Louis, the study investigated the impact of multiple Covid infections on the immune system. Their findings were startling. Researchers found there was a higher risk of hospitalisation, lasting health consequences, and death after every infection by the virus. In a statement the authors wrote: “Risks were lowest in people with one infection, increased in people with two infections, and highest in people with three or more infections.” READ MORE: High cholesterol signs: The sensation in your foot that puts you at risk of 'amputation' The authors behind the study believe theirs is the first to characterise the risks of reinfection and the probability of health complications. Data suggested those reinfected with Covid more than once had an increased risk of:• Consequences for the lungs• Cardiovascular complications• Blood clotting• Kidney problems• Neurological problems• Musculoskeletal problems• Mental health disorders• Diabetes. Dr Aubree Gordon of the University of Michigan said the study merited “more research being done”.  This isn’t the first time severe health complications have been linked with COVID-19. The likes of Dr Deepti Gurdasani and Dr Ziyad Al-Aly have both warned of the potential complications of COVID-19. Dr Gurdasani said “reinfections clearly can cause significant mortality and morbidity, and avoiding infection seems to be important”. Meanwhile, Dr Al-Aly has written extensively about the impact of COVID-19 on cardiovascular health. READ MORE: Caught Covid? You could be at a greater risk of permanent decline In a study published earlier this year it was found Covid increased the risk of heart failure, heart attack, and stroke by over 50 percent regardless of race, gender, or ethnicity. Furthermore, the impact of COVID-19 complications is already being felt by patients around the country in a more permanent sense. Around two million people now live with long Covid in the UK. A chronic inflammatory condition, long Covid is the experiencing of long Covid symptoms over a long period of time. Although some patients have been suffering from symptoms for close to two years, there are concerns they are being left behind and forgotten. So far there are currently no effective treatments for long Covid and no cure. This situation is leaving patients desperate as the wait for developments takes a toll on their mental health. All this comes as a new wave of coronavirus begins, one driven by two Omicron subvariants, BA.4 and BA.5.