Hendrix Greyson (played by Benny Turland) was diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis in recent weeks on Neighbours, a devastating consequence of saving his girlfriend, Mackenzie Hargreaves (Georgie Stone), from the fire which engulfed Erinsborough High School earlier this year. It was revealed Sadie Rodwell (Emerald Chan) and her friend, Aubrey Lang (Etoile Little) were behind the inferno and when the heartthrob of Ramsay Street discovered he had an illness which needed to be cured with a lung transplant, he did hold resentment against them. However, he has finally made peace with what's happened and he has made better ground with Sadie but unfortunately, his life will come to its tragic end next week on the Channel 5 soap. The drama begins as Hendrix recovers from having his lung transplant which at first, seems to have been a huge success. His loved ones are jubilant at the news and they start to make plans for the future but as they do, the youngster takes a turn for the worse. Unfortunately, his body rejects the new set of lungs and it's not too long before the doctors tell him he only had hours left to live. Although he is in immense pain, the heartthrob manages to say goodbye to his wife Mackenzie, who he marries before the transplant, and his friends and family. Monday's episode will focus entirely on his last few moments before the rest of the week sees the fallout of his death unfold. READ MORE: Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' There will be lots of different reactions to the news, with the likes of Chloe Brennan (April-Rose Pengilly), Susan (Jackie Woodburne) and Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) and Toadie Rebecchi (Ryan Maloney) all trying to process their grief. As Mackenzie's heart breaks, it dawns on Sadie the gravity of the situation as she once again blames herself for what happened to Hendrix. With the youngster now gone, she is more adamant than ever she should not be living on Ramsay Street as she knows his grieving widow won't be able to deal with seeing her every day. Sitting down with her parents, Wendy Rodwell (Candice Leask) and Andrew Rodwell (Lloyd Will) who have recently moved the family to the area, she could explain she is going to leave. They've already stopped her from going once but she could tell them she is going to live with her grandparents in another area of Australia. Of course, they would be devastated but they would know with Hendrix having died, she isn't going to be able to live happily on Ramsay Street anymore. Will they accept their family is going to be ripped apart and as the show comes to a close, will they stay put or will they leave in the final episodes? With the possibility of two characters leaving in the next couple of weeks, the residents who remain will pull together to support each other. Harlow Robinson (Jemma Donovan), who once dated Hendrix, will do her best to be there for her best friend, Mackenzie. Chloe will get some comfort from her new housemate and love interest, Kiri Durant (Gemma Bird Matheson), as she tries to process losing her stepson. DON'T MISS...Neighbours' Alan Fletcher responds to health concerns [COMMENT]Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT] However, no one expects Zara Selwyn (Freya Van Dyke) to come out with a surprise she was working on with Hendrix before he died. It turns out he was filming messages for his loved ones if he didn't get his transplant on time or if it wasn't a success. Everyone is delighted to see and hear from the youngster one last time and in the coming weeks, they will gather for his funeral. The death was first hinted at a few weeks ago in a trailer for the final months' worth of episodes. Hendrix being the person inside the coffin was kept a secret until last week when the descriptions for upcoming scenes were revealed. Although there have been quite a few exits in the last few months, Hendrix's was always on the agenda before it was announced the show was ending. The actor who plays Hendrix, Benny, had come to the end of his contract with the show and it was convenient the exit was going to play out in the final two months. Speaking about the character's death, the actress who plays Mackenzie, Georgie, explained how emotional she felt filming her co-star's final scenes. Georgie said: "The final episode for Hendrix is really devastating. It was the most harrowing experience I've had on set. "It was really hard to film and I'm sure it'll be devastating to watch. We don't shy away from it. "In those moments where it's hard to watch, we go closer and we really delve into what it's like to lose someone so young and what it's like to experience grief at such a young age." "That goes for Mackenzie and the whole Erinsborough community," the soap star continued in an interview with Digital Spy. "I'd suggest having a support network around when you watch it – don't watch it by yourself." Fans of the show have been taking to Twitter to comment on the news Hendrix would be killed off, with Grianne writing: "Nooo." James added: "This is surely going to be a difficult watch given the journey that Hendrix has been on from when he first arrived to now but Benny Turland will absolutely smash it acting-wise. #Neighbours." Dan commented: "Knowing Hendrix is going to die has broken me. Mackenzie and Hendrix are/were so precious at least they got to have their happy day #Neighbours." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.