Woodwork expert Will Kirk, 37, has become a well-known restorer on The Repair Shop, having featured in it ever since it launched on BBC One in 2017. On the show, he's done his fair share of restoring cherished items and has witnessed several tear-jerking moments, but it seems he is still passionate about the job, having planned to move away from London in order to continue filming the popular programme.   Will and his wife have discussed plans to move away, which the expert explained was a result of working on the hit show. "Next year I'm looking to move out of London," he stated. "I'm looking for a house out somewhere in Sussex, maybe, which is sort of linked with The Repair Shop. "Because I spent so much time there, I have a great appreciation for not being in a city anymore." Speaking to Wayne Perrey on The TV Carpenter Podcast recently, he added: "And the out open spaces and a big garden. Just a bit more space." READ MORE: Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston shares major Better Call Saul cameo hint "Living the dream with a big garden," Wayne summarised as Will agreed. The series is filmed at the Weald and Downland Living Museum in a village in Chichester, West Sussex. The famous barn sees guests come and go, bringing along their sentimental items and emotional stories to go with them. Wayne went on to ask where Will's passion for repairing things came from. "So I went to art school after college and I've never been an academic person," the father-to-be admitted. He continued: "I think in those days, there wasn't so much of a push to be more creative, there weren't any obvious jobs there for you to work towards. "It was like English, maths and working behind a computer in an office somewhere. "So I kind of latched onto the art department which then took me to do an art foundation course. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Lee Juggurnauth shut down as couple clash [LATEST]Ruth Langsford gives update on Eamonn Holmes after hospital dash [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Stacey has bipolar relapse after stress of Jean [THEORY] "I then did graphic design for two years, I failed my first year, I thought it was because of my drinking - I'm not a big drinker, it's not a confession! "I just thought it was Freshers' Week and everything else so then I did that first year, and I failed the year for the second time. "Then I realised, 'Graphic design might actually not be for me'." He admitted he felt like "a failure" until his mother found out about a course in antique restoration, which he excelled in. Will and his wife, Polly, are also gearing up for another major life change as they are expecting a baby girl. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, he recently opened up about how he was preparing for the arrival of his baby, and revealed he had been making a wooden elephant for her. Will beamed: "Baby is due in July, I had an antenatal class last night, changing nappies! "A lot of stuff going on and a lot of times in one day, apparently." He added: "Everyone has asked me about the cot, I think with safety standards, I think I would rather leave it to the professionals. "But I have started making some wooden animals for her nursery, so I started carving an elephant about four months ago, it's not that big, but I am making some small things." The Repair Shop continues on Wednesday at 8pm on BBC One.