Former Tottenham Hotspur striker Gary Lineker has given his view on Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma’s reported £25million move to north London. The Mali star has just one year left on his contract at Brighton and is set to become Antonio Conte’s third signing of the summer after deals for winger Ivan Perisic and goalkeeper Fraser Forster were completed. Lineker took to Twitter as he reacted to news that an agreement was in place for Bissouma to move to Tottenham, writing: “This would be an excellent signing". It is not the first time the Match of the Day presenter has taken to social media to praise Bissouma, as he previously said: "What an exceptional footballer Yves Bissouma is." The 25-year-old has earned plenty of admirers since moving to the Premier League from Lille in 2018. Bissouma has starred in the Brighton midfield this season under Graham Potter, making 26 appearances last season as the Seagulls finished ninth in the table. Lineker is not the only pundit to have noticed Bissouma’s performances this season, as Sky Sports’ Jamie Carragher was impressed during Brighton’s 0-0 draw with Everton in April. "The biggest talking point or bright spark from the game was the performance of Bissouma, who was the man of the match but not just the best player on the pitch, the best player by a mile on the pitch, he really was," the former Liverpool defender said. "You looked at him and he really does look like a top-quality player. "He was excellent at Old Trafford [against Manchester United] for Brighton and he just looked head and shoulders above everyone on the pitch [versus Everton]. "He's been someone a lot of teams have talked about or looked at. I don't think teams will be looking at him, I think they will be bidding for him at the end of the season." Manchester United and Arsenal had been linked with Bissouma before he agreed a move to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and United fans especially have not been happy that they missed out on the Mali international. Bissouma had hinted that he was open to a switch to the Emirates Stadium earlier in the summer, as he reposted several videos from fans linking the midfielder to Arsenal on his own Instagram story. Both clubs do have other irons in the fire however, as Arsenal have been linked with Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans for a similar fee to Bissouma, while United boss Erik ten Hag is eyeing up a reunion with Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, who he coached while the pair were at Ajax together. Old Trafford has also been mooted as a potential landing spot for free agent Christian Eriksen, who is out of contract after an impressive spell at Brentford.