Police cordoned off the duck pond, near to Pear Tree Lane in Fulstow, Lincolnshire, where a forensic tent is protecting the scene. Officers are also guarding the area where investigators are examining the place where the remains were found. A woman living on a nearby farm told Grimsby Live: "The police were here at first light. It was about 4am. Someone found a human skull. It is a shock. "Everyone is asking questions about who it could be and how long they had been there. It is sad because it is someone's brother or sister or maybe a parent. The bloke who found it said it has teeth but no one knows how long it has been there." The woman said she did not know if there were other body parts found at the scene. Another nearby resident said: "You don't expect anything like this happening next to you. We are all curious. There are more investigators who arrived this morning and there is more activity at the scene."  The resident added: "The ditches are usually filled with water. But when it gets hot like today they can dry up." Investigators will be examining the area and trying to establish any link with people on the Missing Persons Register. There will also be work by pathologists to try to match it with DNA lists kept by the National Crime Agency of people who are registered as missing.  The field where the remains were found today runs alongside the former Grimsby to Louth railway line. Lincolnshire Wolds Railway enthusiasts are aiming to extend the line along the former track north towards Fulstow. A spokesman for Lincolnshire Police said: "Police officers and forensics are at the duck pond in Pear Tree Lane, Fulstow, following a report of a human skull being found by a member of the public. "Our force control room was called by a member of the public who reported that the bone was in the pond at around 12.37pm on Thursday. "We believe this may be a human skull, but this will be determined by an in-depth forensic examination of the skull which can take up to several weeks to complete. The area has been cordoned off and we expect to remain in the area carrying out a full search over the weekend and into Monday." 