Boris Johnson’s former girlfriend shared a personal insight into the Prime Minister with Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley. The journalist revealed Johnson had “endearing qualities” but these same qualities meant he was not cut out to be Prime Minister. However, Good Morning Britain viewers hit out at the presenters for the “disgraceful” segment. Reid began: “This is a kind of chaos that Boris Johnson appears to be operating in now, 148 of his own MPs have zero confidence in him and I wondered if he rather enjoyed that?” “No,” Wyatt replied. “First of all, he doesn’t enjoy it when people dislike him or don’t have faith in the Johnson product and secondly, he only enjoys chaos of his own making and he can control it, he can’t control this.” Madeley asked: “Are you saying he’s thin skinned?” “Surprisingly thin skinned yes,” she replied. “Surprisingly sensitive, easily upset by criticism or the thought that people dislike him.” Read more: Kate Garraway praises sense of hope from Jubilee Madeley continued: “He’s toughing it out in public but in private would his head be in his hands?” “I’d imagine so yes,” she answered. “He has a very soft core. I think this would be absolutely hell for him in private. “I don’t think he’s sitting down with a stiff drink thinking, ‘Everything will be alright I’ll tough it out.’ “He’s a bit of an enigma and I think people have the wrong impression of him. “They think he’s a hard shell and a hard man but he’s surprisingly vulnerable.” “You sound like you have a soft spot for him still,” Reid observed. “I think everybody who is friends with Boris or knows Boris does because it’s very hard not to be fond of him because his instincts are basically decent," Wyatt continued. “But the problem is he’s his own worse enemy and he’s very much a people pleaser which leads to all sorts of problems in government because he makes promises he can’t keep, he makes enemies of MPs and while you can do that sort of thing in your personal life it catches up with you in politics.” DON'T MISSMadeley blasts RMT boss as he plans biggest strike for 30 years [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid gobsmacked as she's shut down by Raab [VIDEO]MP hits back at Madeley over Jubilee boos at Boris [INTERVIEW] GMB viewers were enraged by the interview as @donnaelaine17 tweeted: “Wow, I’m guessing the PMs crying into his cornflakes now following that car crash interview with his ex. Will he like being known as a sensitive soul who just wants to be loved? And that he’s totally unsuitable for the job ……… confirming what we already knew!” @brumptonterry added: “Really sinking now @GMB bringing on former girlfriends, desperation! and I’m not really a Boris fan either.” @DaveWhitehous10 wrote: “On GMB this morning they have got Boris Johnson’s ex girlfriend to say how she doesn’t recognise the man now. “This has to stop, this is a total witch hunt and a character assassination. Disgraceful. What do you think Would happen if you got Susanna Reid’s ex partners on?” “What the hell was that all about? GMB scrapping the barrel once again. Let's see some balance and have the finger pointing presenters EX'S on the show,” @SheriNewby vented. (sic) “Tell me again how GMB do not have an agenda against Boris?” @RaverOldskool questioned. However, @Elly22990594 disagreed: “I thought it was a great interview. Petronella’s insight was fascinating and she handled the questioning brilliantly!” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.