Lifesum is a nutrition platform that provides all of the tools needed to improve health through better eating. Depending on your goals and lifestyle, the world’s leading nutrition app offers personalised guidance, with several meal plans and diets. Express.co.uk spoke to nutritionist Signe Svanfeldt, about losing weight and they revealed the most common mistakes people make. “Losing weight can be challenging, but Lifesum helps you along the way with individual recommendations based on your personal needs and health goals,” Signe said. “A common mistake people make is eating too little energy and/or skipping meals. “Lifesum recommends eating a balanced diet with an adequate amount of energy and macronutrients (carbohydrates, protein and fat) - and to have regular meals, which is key to a sustainable weight loss journey. “The app can also help you to maintain your weight once you have reached the desired goal weight.” READ MORE: How to lose weight without going on a diet - 5 easy steps In terms of how much weight loss the average person could see in a month, Signe revealed: “Lifesum is all about sustainable changes, so for those trying to lose weight, we recommend aiming for around one pound per week. “Again, everyone is different and weight loss pace can vary depending on things such as your starting weight, habits, diet, physical activity and more. “But when using the app as directed, around one to two pounds per week is achievable.” There are several diet and meal plans on the app, from intermittent fasting to high protein, climatarian, keto and Mediterranean, but is there one that is better than all the others? DON'T MISS...Look younger: Beauty fans praise £16 ‘natural facelift’ massage roller [SHOP]Interior tips: Why you need to use a compass when painting rooms white [EXPERT]Why you should never boil rice - correct way to cook rice [GUIDE] Signe said: “There’s no one-size-fits all approach when it comes to sustainable, healthy eating - it’s all about what works for you. “The meal plans and diets enable users to eat balanced, nutritious meals, and ensures that they eat enough. “People love the convenience of the app and how it works with their dietary preferences and schedule. “Lifestyles change over time, and we always remind users that this is totally normal, and offer various ways to manage nutrition with new recipes, diets and meal plans.” Lifesum involves an element of tracking calories, some health experts say tracking calories long term is unsustainable. Signe responded: “Lifesum has specific measures in place to educate and safeguard users. This ensures that people enjoy using the app in a healthy way. “Logging what you eat is more than just keeping track of your calories, it helps you to eat a balanced diet and ensures that you get enough energy and macronutrients throughout the day. “For the large majority, keeping a log of what you eat is the first step in building awareness of where you’re at and what you need to do to achieve a more balanced diet. “The act of logging food allows us to provide personalised feedback to help users achieve their desired goals.” Lifesum also tracks water intake, and there’s a reason for this, especially when it comes to losing weight. “Water has many important roles; it helps your brain to function optimally, aids digestion and protects your tissues and joints,” Signe explained. “The app allows users to easily track their water intake, and this is important because, as science suggests, water can help in a variety of ways to lose weight by boosting your metabolism, suppressing your appetite, making exercise easier and reducing overall liquid calorie intake.”