The rock and roll star has had a huge impact on music over the last 60 years with The Beach Boys and beyond. Now stars have sent in their video messages to celebrate Brian Wilson’s 80th Birthday. A video on his official Instagram page was captioned: “Happy 80th Birthday Brian from your fellow performers! Thanks to all these great artists for making this project possible. Visit Brian's website to view a second video featuring Brian's friends and colleagues - link in bio.” Sir Elton John, who is currently on his Farewell Yellow Brick Road world tour, said: “Hello Brian, it’s Elton. Have a wonderful 80th birthday with Melinda and your family. I’m in Denmark but I send you so much love. You’ve inspired me all my life. To me, you’re the only real pop genius in the world and I love you very much. Have the best day.” Meanwhile, Carole King said: “Hey, Brian. Wishing you all the best on your 80th birthday! Much love and be well!” Surviving Bee Gees singer, Barry Gibb shared: “Hi Brian, Happy, happy birthday to you my friend and I’m honoured to be able to say congratulations to you. I’ve followed you all of my life, from the first time I heard you guys probably I Get Around and I was flawed by that. You’re an inspiration. Your insights into chord changes and your insights into harmony have been overwhelming to me as has always been. So, I’ve followed you ever since and I’d love to see you again in person one day. I love you very much and congratulations again.” The Eagles’ Joe Walsh strummed his electric guitar and sang Happy Birthday, as did Bob Dylan at the end in an acoustic version. Hollywood actor Jeff Bridges grinned and shared: “Happy Birthday Brian! 80, man can you believe it? It’s going so damn fast. Thank you for all the gifts you’ve given us over all these years. It’s so wonderful being alive with you man! Happy Birthday! Yee Haw!” DON'T MISSBrian May's Adam Lambert doubters clip ‘So worthy of Freddie Mercury’ [QUEEN]Kurt Cobain refused to join huge tour as he despised Guns N' Roses [NIRVANA]Lisa Marie Presley has ‘my first smile in two years’ with Elvis star [ELVIS] John Cusack said: “Brian! Happy Birthday to you! Sending you lots of love from Chicago and wish I was there hearing you guys play. Alright, hope to see you soon on the road, I love you Brian. Bye!” The Beach Boys co-founder is currently on his US summer tour and will be performing with Chicago in Kansas City, Missouri tonight at 7pm local time. Wilson’s 80th follows Sir Paul McCartney’s last week, to who he wished a happy birthday as well.