Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Lynn Taylor McGregor asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Can anyone help? “My concrete slabs are green, any tips for how to get them clean.” Lynn’s post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans but the most popular response was to use Wet & Forget. Sandy Davies said: “Jeyes fluid or Wet & Forget.” Helen Caffrey replied: “Wet & Forget is amazing.” Ally Allen commented: “Wet & Forget is ideal for that. “Spray on and it continues to work for a few months.” Wet & Forget is currently on sale on Amazon for £17.99 here. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer mum increases a home’s value by £95k Nigel Rawlins said: “Wet & Forget is amazing and can totally recommend it. “Spray it onto the slabs when it is overcast so the solution doesn’t evaporate off, but ensure there is no rain forecast for about five hours. “Then leave it and the next time it does rain the chemical reaction will start to work and remove the greenness and any moss.” Sue Martin wrote: “Wet & Forget. Fantastic stuff. “Mix it with water, apply with pressure sprayer which you can purchase from them also. “Simply spray and leave and as the days pass your patio will get brighter and brighter until it’s just like new.  DON'T MISSHow to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [INSIGHT]How to clean washing machine seals with white vinegar - ‘best way’ [UPDATE]Garden cleaning hacks: ‘Best techniques’ to revive your garden shed [ANALYSIS] “All the green slabs are gone. I do mine once a year. “A gallon container costs £35 but lasts me four years. There is no shelf life on it and the ingredients are pet friendly. “Try it you won't be disappointed.” Lynn Lawrence said: “Wet & Forget! Great stuff.” Gail Wilkinson commented: “I’ve used Wet & Forget from Amazon. “All my green rug gone! Even on deck.” Wet & Forget is a mould, lichen and algae remover. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It contains no bleach and has no shelf life. A five litre bottle of Wet & Forget costs £26.98 from Amazon. A two litre bottle costs £17.99 from Amazon. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using bleach, chlorine, Elbow Grease, soapy water and Pink Stuff cream. Anne-marie Cunningham replied: “Cheap bleach, put in a watering can, water down a little pour over area, and let it sit.” Barbara Mcgeechan said: “Bleach, washing up liquid and a good hard yard brush.” Jackie M Notton wrote: “Chlorine! Spray on 50 percent, mix with water, leave for 10 minutes and jet wash off.” Jeanette Gardner commented: “Elbow grease spray and a scrubbing brush. Brought mine back like new.” Stephanie Murphy said: “Pink Stuff cream. Brush it over then wash off.” Kishori Shah suggested: “Wet and spread soda crystals. “Leave to act then scrub with a brush and rinse.”