Wood is perhaps best known for his incredible work with rock and roll group the Rolling Stones, joining the outfit in the mid-Seventies. As well as his iconic performances alongside the likes of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, Wood also played guitar and bass for bands such as the Birds, Faces and the Jeff Beck Group. The Hillingdon-born pin-up remains one of this country's most influential musicians, and by 1989 he and his fellow Stones were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In April 2012, he was inducted a second time in recognition of his work with Faces. While Wood's life has been placed under the microscope as a result of his music career, relationships and friendships with fellow stars, how much he is worth is often not. According to a 2021 Celebrity Net Worth report, Wood is actually worth an incredible $200million (£159million). This fortune has seen him boast an incredible property portfolio, which includes a number of homes across the country. Most prominent is Woods' mansion in the suburbs of London, where he can enjoy 2.31 acres of rolling lawns on his estate. The report notes that the mansion is based on three floors, which opens into a vestibule "that has a pointed Gothic arch door leading to a reception hall". The "church-like" ambience and style remains throughout the mansion, which has a staggering nine bedrooms and nine bathrooms. His estate also contains a cottage, lodge, wine cellar, garage building, and pool house. JUST IN: Ronnie Wood ‘reborn’ after giving up booze, drugs and raising twins As well as his musicianship, Wood is a respected artist, and has painted, drawn and printed throughout his career. Growing up, Wood attended Ealing Art College, which also once housed fellow rock legends like Queen's Freddie Mercury, and Pete Townshend from The Who. Such is his love of art, Wood owns the London art gallery Scream with sons Jamie and Tyrone. Wood is also a lifelong fan of football team West Bromwich Albion. DON'T MISS:Ronnie Wood's daughter Leah announces new venture [ANALYSIS]Rolling Stones' Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood spotted [INSIGHT]Rolling Stone stars Mick, Keith and Ronnie put on animated display [LATEST] In his personal life, Wood has six children – the youngest of whom are his six-year-old twin girls – and six grandchildren. In February Leah Wood, Ronnie's 43-year-old daughter, told Express.co.uk about how her father's love of art influenced her life. She said: "I fell into becoming an artist. "I am lucky that I am able to paint and spread the message to the world. I’m blessed to have this talent." Earlier this year Wood unveiled a huge abstract painting of the Stones, in Shepherd's Bush, west London, that he had created. Speaking about the mural, which is housed Wood Lane and Ariel Way, Woods said: "It’s great because they finally discovered I can paint. "Nobody knows I can paint, so we’ve got to make sure that people realize I can." The piece is titled Abstract Performance, and is based on Picasso's The Three Dancers, Wood noted. It depicts himself on stage, alongside fellow bandmates Jagger, Richards and the late Charlie Watts, who sadly passed away in 2021. Completed in 2020, Wood discussed the piece further, and why Jagger was naked in it, and the other paintings in the series he was compiling. Wood continued: "He’s nude in all of them, because I got the original inspiration from a Picasso piece called ‘The Dancers’ and they were all prancing about in the nude. And I thought, why not? "You know, it’s a good form of expression.” He added when reflecting on a piece he'd completed on Prince Philip: "I’m very pleased with it. It’s a charcoal, a brown sepia pastel of the Duke [of Edinburgh], and I’d finished it shortly before he died and I was going to show it to him. "And then William heard about it and he asked me to present it to him at Kensington Palace, and he wants to show the Queen, so I’m very honoured."