Coronavirus cases seem to be on the rise again, with the government data reporting a 30.3 percent spike in cases for the week ending on June 19. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has confirmed that the BA.4 and BA.5 are now the dominant strains in the UK. These Omicron versions are thought to be more infectious but just as mild as the variant responsible for the outbreak in December. With hay fever also stirring up various problems, it could be difficult to identify Covid. ZOE Covid Study app reports the “top” sign, spotted across 69 percent of their contributors, that could be telling - a headache. While headaches can be a common problem, troubling many sufferers, the research portal explains how to spot a Covid headache specifically. Representing a “less well-known symptom”, headaches are one of the earlier signs of the condition. READ MORE: Supplements warning: Four supplements that may cause ‘potentially fatal’ heart arrhythmias  The ZOE app even explains that this painful symptom is “more common” than the classic Covid signs. The traditional symptoms, originally linked to coronavirus infection, were fever, cough and loss or change to taste and smell. When it comes to headache, there are a few clues that Covid headaches hold, including: This stubborn sign tends to crop up at the very beginning of the illness. And some Covid patients could be left with a headache for much longer than the initial infection as this sign is also characteristic for long Covid. “Our data shows that these headaches often come and go, but thankfully they gradually reduce over time,” ZOE explains. Although this painful symptom seems to be less common in children, coronavirus headaches tend to be seen across all age groups. READ MORE: Vitamin deficiencies: Two shortages known to interfere with blood clotting See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest ZOE adds: “It’s important to remember that headaches are very common, especially as many of us are staring at screens for so long each day. “So, although many people with COVID-19 experience headaches, most people with a headache will not have COVID-19.” There are other signs that come hand in hand with headache which could help spot Covid, such as fatigue and loss of smell. Other signs that could also point to the direction of the virus include a sore throat, fever, unusual muscle pains, a persistent cough and dizziness. After the emergence of new symptoms linked to Omicron, the NHS updated its Covid symptom list. Here are all symptoms linked to the virus, as listed by the health service: