Arsenal are turning their focus to a player dubbed as the 'next Jude Bellingham' as their pursuit of Youri Tielemans stalls. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is continuing to strengthen his squad following a disappointing end to last season that saw them miss out on a place in the Champions League. Fabio Vieira and Marquinhos have already move to the Emirates Stadium, with Gabriel Jesus set to follow the pair shortly. Arteta is still keen to boost his midfield options though, with Tielemans having been one of his top targets. Despite only having a year left on his contract at Leicester, Arsenal are struggling to agree a fee with the Foxes. There have even been reports that the Belgian could opt to sign a new deal at the King Power Stadium. With their move for Tielemans having reached a stalemate, Arteta is reportedly turning his focus to other targets. According to talkSPORT, one of the players who has risen up Arsenal's shopping list is Aston Villa starlet Carney Chukwuemeka. READ MORE: Arsenal could have transfer edge after Raphinha's admission Chukwuemeka is currently starring for England at the Under-19 European Championships, scoring two goals and notching two assists. He broke into Steven Gerrard's team after the Englishman took charge of Villa last season, making 14 appearances in all competitions. Villa have been attempting to tie him down to a long-term contract, but Chukwuemeka is refusing to commit to beyond 2023. The doubts over his situation have now opened the door to a potential departure. DON'T MISS: Arteta silencing Arsenal critics by fulfilling 'pulling power' promise (INSIGHT)Arsenal prepare new transfer bids for Raphinha and Lisandro Martinez (TRANSFERS)Arsenal sent Gnabry message as Bayern Munich chief makes admission (NEWS) And one of the teams said to be interested in him is Arsenal, who have him under their gaze at the Under-19s Euros. If the Gunners were able to complete a move for him, it would see them get their hands on a man who has been seen as the 'next Bellingham'. Such a move could be more likely than not to happen, with there being 'growing belief' he will leave Villa Park this summer. The Gunners will have to beat off competition from Barcelona, Liverpool, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund if they are to sign the 18-year-old though.