 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle returned to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations after stepping down as senior royals. The couple attended the Thanksgiving Service at St Paul’s Cathedral but were notably missing from other events across the Jubilee weekend. Although Harry and Meghan’s daughter Lilibet did get the opportunity to meet with the Queen, royal author Tina Brown claimed on ITV’s Lorraine that this meeting would have been “uncomfortable”.     Tina began: “So much is hanging on [Prince] William and Kate [Middleton] now, the pressure for them with Harry gone. “I do have to say I thought there was a Harry-shaped hole on the balcony because he’s attractive and he’s charismatic and it was the other family. “I missed him and I rather hoped at some point there’s a way to get the Sussexes back because I think it’s so much pressure on the Cambridges.” Lorraine agreed: “Just to share the load a wee bit but he did want out and he was. Read more: Lorraine savages Prince Andrew's royal return   “Harry and Meghan were in outer Mongolia, weren’t they?" Lorraine quipped. “They absolutely were in outer Mongolia,” the royal author replied. “I question whether they should have really been there at all. “In a sense it was uncomfortable and they weren’t being invited anywhere and they only got 15 minutes with the Queen.” “Was that it?” Lorraine asked as she pointed out this was Lilibet’s first meeting with her great-grandmother.     “[It’s] great to be able to introduce Lilibet to the Queen,” Tina continued. “I’m sure everybody wanted that to happen but it clearly was uncomfortable the fact that they were there but not really present. It was awkward.” “Do you think there’s any way back for him? I don’t know if he even wants it but I wonder what was going through his mind when he was sitting with the cousins out of the way," Lorraine asked. “He wasn’t on the balcony and he wasn’t really part of it all having been used to being right in the middle of everything. DON'T MISSDame Deborah calls for bowel cancer warnings on toilet paper [INTERVIEW]Fern Britton mocks weight as she admits she misses TV career [VIDEO]Lorraine addresses Queen photograph 'ban' for first Lilibet meeting [INSIGHT]     “It’s what he wanted but sometimes even when you get what you want it’s not what you think.” Tina answered: “I think it’s what he wanted in terms of the way it played out. “I think there was a slight fantasy he had where you can be in and out.” The royal author argued Harry couldn’t be both “in and out” of the Royal Family.     “He served his country for 10 years, he was always in the middle of that and I think for him it must have been poignant and difficult,” Tina concluded. “I think he must have been and I’ve always thought [Harry and Meghan] are a force that could do so much. “We saw when they were doing the tour of Australia, which I didn’t realise they both hated, I thought they did very well,” Lorraine added. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.  