Alina Kabaeva is suspected to have a secret family with Russia's president. Earlier this week, she was pictured on a tour of the Russian Museum in St. Petersburg. Ms Kabaeva, an Olympic gold-winning rhythmic gymnast, is thought to have flown to the city ahead of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. Putin is likely to use the forum as part of a bid to save the country from crippling economic sanctions, which have been imposed in response to his invasion of Ukraine. Ms Kabaeva was spotted in the museum by an eyewitness. She told news outlet Fontanka she was prevented from getting closer to Putin's suspected associate by her female companions, who may have been plain-clothed bodyguards. Last week, she was seen in Sochi at a gymnastics training camp. These are the only two occasions she has appeared in public since being sanctioned by the UK, EU and Canada. The sanctions were imposed as a result of her alleged close personal relationship with Putin. Announcing the sanctions, the EU said: "Alina Kabaeva is the Chairwoman of the Board of Directors of the National Media Group (NMG), a holding that owns large stakes in almost all major Russian federal media that reproduce the Russian Government propaganda. "She is a former Russian gymnast and a former member of the State Duma. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin's mysterious 'mistress' pregnant again "She is closely associated with President Vladimir Putin." The Russian president has denied having a personal connection to Ms Kabaeva. Her two appearances come amid mounting speculation over Putin's ill health. Earlier this week, it was claimed the Russian leader was given "urgent medical assistance" for an unknown illness. DON'T MISS: Putin 'celebrating' as Boris battles mutiny at home [ANALYSIS] Boris a major thorn in Xi and Putin's side as 'poodle' Macron shamed [INSIGHT] World War 3 alert: China to exploit EU weakness and launch invasion [REVEAL] The General SVR Telegram channel, reportedly run by a Kremlin insider, claimed Putin was struck down by a "sharp sickness, weakness and dizziness". The Russian President is said to have been advised against making "lengthy" public appearances. His symptoms developed after he stood up from his desk following a 90-minute virtual meeting. The Telegram channel claimed this recent spell of poor health is the reason Putin has postponed his annual "Direct Line" live broadcast. The broadcast traditionally sees the Russian leader answer questions from ordinary Russian people. While it was initially thought to be taking place in late June or early July, it has now been taken off the agenda with no date fixed for the event.