Manchester United 'would like to sign' Denzel Dumfries for Erik ten Hag and the Dutch manager's arrival at Old Trafford could hold the key to a transfer, according to reports. The Red Devils are believed to be in the market for a new right-back with £50million man Aaron Wan-Bissaka's future currently unclear. United are expected to entertain offers for their full-back, who is attracting interest from Crystal Palace and Roma. Diogo Dalot is expected to stay but the position has been identified as an area that is in need of improvement. According to The Daily Mail, United have now turned attention to Dumfries, a player Ten Hag knows well due to his Eredivisie pedigree. The 26-year-old spent three seasons with PSV Eindhoven before moving onto Inter Milan last summer, where he has been an instant hit. READ MORE: What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn But Inter's financial struggles means they will be forced to consider a swift sale in order to balance the books. The report claims Inter would be willing to accept offers worth £26million. Furthermore, it's also claimed Ten Hag's presence could help Dumfries adapt to the Premier League. The dynamic, explosive wing-back is thought to favour staying at Inter but if he's pushed towards the exit door, United are his preference. READ MOREManchester United boss Erik ten Hag 'interested' in surprise left-field Brighton transferMan Utd 'make £40m transfer offer for Antony' with agreement anticipated 'very soon'What Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn  Dumfries managed five goals and four assists in 33 Serie A outings last season in his debut campaign in Italy. Chelsea have also been credited with interest in recent days but it's unclear whether the Blues are firmly interested. Legendary Inter striker Christian Vieri expects Dumfries to be sold alongside Milan Skriniar. “From what I understand, Inter will sell Skriniar and Dumfries,” the retired centre-forward recently predicted on Italian TV. There could also be other suitors in the mix for Dumfries though with Atletico Madrid and Bayern Munich among those previously linked - although the Bavarians have now pushed ahead to sign Noussair Mazraoui from Ajax. United are yet to move in the market besides making an opening offer for Dumfries' international team-mate Frenkie de Jong. The Red Devils are carefully considering which targets they pursue as Ten Hag's plans at Old Trafford begin to take shape. Right-back is not believed to be a priority but an area where there's an appreciation that more quality is required.