Earlier today Express.co.uk revealed that drivers could face massive fines of up to £5,000 for wearing too baggy clothes while driving. And, now several readers have been reacting to the “ridiculous” rules that are “targeting motorists”. With summer temperatures fast approaching, so are new fines for motorists. While this weather might be perfect for driving down to the beach, drivers have been reminded that wearing comfortable clothes can be dangerous and result in a fine. Motoring experts warned that drivers should not put comfort over safety. This will not only guarantee reaching the getaway destination safely but could also prevent drivers from being slapped with a £5,000 fine. READ MORE: Drivers risk £5,000 fines for wearing too baggy clothes this summer Currently, a driver who is found wearing inappropriate clothing that could restrict manoeuvring can face on-the-spot fines of £100 plus three penalty points. However, these fines can increase to £5,000 plus nine penalty points and even a driving ban if the case is taken to court. This is because of Rule 97 of the Highway Code. Rule 97 of the Highway Code states: "The clothing and footwear you choose to wear whilst you are driving must not prevent you from using the controls in the correct manner." With this in mind, Express.co.uk asks if British drivers are being treated like cash cows by the police? Have your say in the poll below. DON'T MISS Banning petrol and diesel cars from 2030 is 'pathetic and laughable' [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to follow simple steps at the petrol station [REVEAL] Eating a 99 flake ice cream could see drivers fined £200 - 'watch out' [FINE] According to experts, if clothes are too baggy they could get tangled on the brake or clutch pedals. And, if that leads to an accident, motorists can be charged by police with careless driving and face huge fines. The also applies to summer dresses. Maxi dresses might make motorists look beach-ready but when driving they could get caught underneath the pedals or restrict the use of them leading to a nasty accident. Other items that drivers should avoid wearing while driving include flip-flops, high heels, slippers, and sunglasses with too dark lenses or chunky frames. Hundreds of Express.co.uk readers took to the comments section to express their views on the rule. Many of them branded the fines as “ridiculous” and claimed that they “target motorists” amid the cost of living crisis. FAIRDOOS added: “Never heard such ludicrous rules in my lifetime.” Others claimed that they would not follow the rules even if they are enforced by law. POTUK said: “I’ll wear what I want and cops can chase me through the streets over some flip-flops.”