Transport for London (TfL) has told commuters to avoid travelling on Monday, June 6, as Tube workers commence strike action. Drivers with the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) will cause "severe disruption" across the network until early on Tuesday, TfL warned. The strike action will test workers as London's transport leadership braces for changes to its running costs. TfL has warned every Tube line will experience "severe disruption" from June 6. With the network 4,000 staff lighter, delays will likely continue for more than 24 hours until 8am on June 7. People who can't avoid travel should plan their journeys after 8am and before 6pm via unaffected transport options. READ MORE: Tube strike: Which lines are affected? Everything you need to know TfL anticipates that many of its other services will run unaffected by today's strike. Running transport options include: Commuters should keep in mind that, while they are running, these alternative options will likely be busier this week. The only Tube exception to today's strike action is the newly-minted Elizabeth Line. The line, which is new for Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee year, opened in late May. TfL workers will operate the line for a full day from 7am to 11pm. Otherwise known as Crossrail, the ambitious new line takes people to London's centre from far outside city limits. The Elizabeth Line currently serves a total of 41 stations down two lines. One takes people from Liverpool Street to Shenfield via key locations like Bretford and Romford. The second ferries commuters between Paddington, Heathrow and Reading. While the new line has created jobs for TfL, RMT has organised strikes protesting hundreds of cuts. The union claims TfL intends to cut 600 jobs as managers strive to meet running costs. The transport body apologised to Londoners for the impact on their schedules and suggested there were no looming job cuts. Andy Lord, TfL chief operating officer, said on Sunday "no changes" had been proposed to pensions or warrant job cuts. He added: "My message to the RMT is this: it’s not too late to call off tomorrow’s strike action.”