Paul Merson has explained why Manchester United’s reported interest in Brighton forward Leandro Trossard makes sense, and also believes that the Belgian international could improve both Tottenham Hotspur and Everton. Belgian media has claimed that Manchester United are interested in signing Trossard, who scored eight Premier League goals for Graham Potter’s side last season. Arsenal legend Merson, speaking in his Sportskeeda column, has explained why a move that may shock some United fans actually would make sense. “He could go play for Manchester United or someone like that,” Merson claimed. “The fans will have a moan and question why a club of Manchester United's stature should go in for a player like this, but he ticks a lot of boxes, even for teams like Everton and Tottenham Hotspur. “Trossard is such an intelligent footballer and a special, special player on his day. He isn't always consistent, but he's capable of playing in multiple positions across the frontline and moves the ball around well, I just don't feel like he gets the accolades he deserves because he plays for Brighton. “He gets called up regularly for Belgium and that says a lot because Roberto Martinez has a talented pool of players to choose from, especially when it comes to attackers. “With the talent Trossard's got, it wouldn't surprise me if he played a role for the national team at the 2022 FIFA World Cup, so teams interested in him should probably look to snap him up this summer before his value soars. “I just like the way Trossard plays and have always felt that he's a bit underrated. No disrespect to Brighton, but he can go higher and easily turn out for one of the top teams in the Premier League.” Newcastle United are also reportedly interested in the 27-year-old, and Trossard has just one year left on his contract at the American Express Community Stadium, but Brighton do have an option to trigger a one-year extension in his deal. United may be looking for depth options in midfield, following the exits of Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Nemanja Matic at the end of the month and Trossard’s versatility may appeal to incoming United manager Erik ten Hag. Trossard has played all across the attacking midfield positions, up front and even as a wing-back under Potter this season. Trossard has spoken about his Brighton future during the international break: “I still have a contract with Brighton until the summer of 2023. “Will the big six come knocking for me at Brighton? We will see. If I really feel ready for that step up, I’ll get into it, but I realise every day I’m not bad at Brighton.”