The final instalment of the Britain's Got Talent semi-finals aired on Friday night and saw the remaining contestants perform for their chance to be sent through to the final on Sunday. After comedian Axel Blake was chosen by the public to go through, it was between poet and activist Aneeshwar Kunchala and Welsh of West End. ITV viewers were left fuming at the judges and claimed "politics" had something to do with their choice of sending young Aneeshwar through to the final. Taking to their Twitter page, Theo Campbell commented: "Politics getting in the way. Judges scared to go against the ‘trend’ for fear of a) upsetting a 7-year-old and b) the hateful comments and poor ratings #BGT." [Sic] @Alibo82 added: "It’s just a platform for government brainwashing to get the agenda through, absolute drivel and has lost all credibility for talent it once had!" @CourierBoyUK said: "If an adult had done an identical act, they probably wouldn’t have made the top three, or even the semi’s #bgt." @FrontStallsGuy shared: "Very disappointed that @WelshWestEnd failed to progress to the final of #BGT. Each individual in the group is a talent worthy of recognition but as usual musical theatre performers seem to be undervalued by the general public. Keep going all Welsh singers - you are still valid." However, not all viewers were annoyed by the result, with @Christysclimb7 praised: "Big well done to that little boy! Like to see some of you get up there and do that, he was brilliant and very deserving!" (sic) READ MORE: Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles @lvbarsandmelody said: "#bgt Aneeshwar’s poem was amazing and it sends a message and will get people to listen." Speaking to Ant and Dec after the vote, Aneeshwar exclaimed: "I feel amazing! I am going to do another poem but it is more and better!" They went on to speak to Axel about how he felt getting through to the final, where he revealed: "I love him! Energy, couldn't deserve it more. "I feel amazing, overwhelmed, thank you everyone at home and here! Thank you very much! I am ready for it, I have a good show!"   Comedian Axel Blake was Simon's golden buzzer act he put through during the second week of auditions and was elated when he made it to the final. Alongside Aneeshwar, the other contestants who performed but sadly did not make it through were Scooter Boys, comedy duo Brian & Krystal, singer Nick Edwards, West End singers Welsh of the West End, dance crew IMD Legion, and illusionists Matricks Illusion. Those who perform on Sunday will be in with a chance of winning an incredible £250,000 and a spot at this year's Royal Variety Performance. Tonight the judges revealed they were soon going to be entering a discussion about who they would want to bring back on Sunday as the Wildcard act. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden leaves viewers distracted with 'cringe' outfitDavid Williams orders Simon Cowell to ‘go home’ after BGT act jibeBGT 'fix' row as fans claim dog act was 'robbed' of place in final  Aneeshwar has been dubbed a "mini David Attenborough" and Simon even did an impression of the world-renowned environmentalist. He claimed Sir David should make the young poet the next presenter of shows like Blue Planet. Speaking to the Warrington Guardian before the show, Aneeshwar’s dad Anil Kunchala said: “The main thing for him is about spreading the conservation message – no matter what happens.” The St Philip Westbrook CE Primary School pupil has already decided on his final performance, which will be a similar poem to his first audition but "upgraded".   The seven-year-old put on a powerful performance about conservation and how humans can help to save the planet. He was praised for being able to remember such a long poem without needing any prompts. Axel and Aneeshwar will be joining contestants ventriloquist Jamie Leahey, opera singer Maxwell Thorpe, impressionist Ben Nickless, and singer and rapper duo Flintz and Taylor in the live final. Singer Tom Ball, stand up comedian Eva Abley, dancers Five Star Boys, and The Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred will also return on Sunday. Britain's Got Talent returns on Sunday at 7.30pm on ITV  