Sebastian Vettel has been caught driving one-handed after a bizarre request from his race engineer in practice for the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The German was asked to release the steering wheel despite travelling on a track capable of speeds of over 200mph. Vettel replied ‘are you insane’ when asked to let go of his steering wheel but he slowed down and obliged to the instruction. Engineers made the unique demand to capture video footage of his hands inside the cockpit. Some observers have suggested this was due to a mechanical calibration which is needed ahead of the weekend. Aston Martin told Vettel: “Anyway you think you can do safely a bit of video for the hands.” Vettel simply replied: “What’s that sorry, release the steering wheel, are you insane. Okay, I can let go a little bit.” READ MORE: FIA chiefs and F1 driver split grows as concerns raised ahead of Baku Drivers taking their hands off the steering wheel while driving is nothing entirely new in F1. Back in 2010, Vettel’s Red Bull had a unique tool called the F-Duct which gave the car extra performance if drivers put their hands over a hole in the cockpit, Footage of drivers steering one-handed through corners became a common occurrence before the device was outlawed. Earlier this season, Max Verstappen was also spotted driving one-handed at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The reigning champion stick his hands out of the cockpit to clear debris which had got itself stuck at the front of the car. DON'T MISSSebastian Vettel hints he could retire from F1 as he reveals deadline  [INSIGHT]FIA president slams Hamilton and Vettel over 'rainbow' campaigning [COMMENT]Vettel delivers Horner verdict after Red Bull boss' complaint [ANALYSIS] He attempted to remove the debris around five times, including at the fastest part of the circuit between turns 25 and 27. Vettel has had a difficult start to the new season, scooting just five points this season. The German will have hopes for a better weekend at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix after finishing on the podium last season. He was quick enough for 11th in FP2 suggesting the team could challenge for Q3 this afternoon. Speaking after the session, Vettel claimed the car was in a ‘solid position’ for qualifying after sorting out some issues early on. He said: “We had an encouraging first day today. It was incredibly windy during FP1, which meant it was very easy to lock a wheel under braking or run up an escape road. I had a couple of lock-ups but otherwise it was a pretty smooth day. We spent the first session working through a few balance issues, but the car started to come towards us in FP2. I think we are in a solid position for qualifying tomorrow.”