According to weather charts from WXCHARTS and reports from BBC meteorologists, the Trooping the Colour ceremony on Thursday will go ahead without downpour. However, towards the concluding portion of the weekend, the weather fronts appear much less settled, especially for those in the south, with warnings of stormy weather.  BBC Meteorologist Chris Fawkes reassured royal fans in the central and southern areas of the country planning to attend Jubilee celebrations on Thursday. According to Mr Fawkes, clear skies seem to be on the cards for the majority of areas though the evenings are set to be chilly with figures in single digits and "on the cool side for June". Mr Fawkes said there will be a "sunny start to [Thursday] morning if some what cool, but temperatures will quickly rise".  He warned of "scattered showers across Scotland and northern England." The Met Office has said that the temperatures will be "closer to average for the time of year further south, likely peaking at around 20-22C on Thursday, but the south seeing temperatures of 23-25C, possibly 26C on Friday." Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Dan Rudman said: "Some may see an unsettled start to the long weekend, with showers for Northern Ireland, Wales and western England. "However, it will be much more settled for many, with plenty of dry weather and good spells of sunshine." READ MORE: GB News: Nigel Farage says Trump acted like ‘excited schoolboy’ after meeting with Queen  As the weekend progresses, the weather will see a flip as the best of it will be in the north. The BBC meteorologist said: "This weekend the weather will stay fine across the north, but the weather starts to get more iffy in the south. "On Saturday we will start to see some thundery showers move up from the near continent" which will mainly impact the south west of England and Wales. With further gloomy news, he added that heavy thundery rain will develop over the weekend as two weather storms "merge together on Sunday to give spells of heavy rain across England and Wales". DON'T MISS: Piers Morgan reacts as Meghan and Harry's popularity at 'all time low' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'going to have tough week' [VIDEO]Meghan Markle's Jubilee stint slammed by GB News guest [ANALYSIS]  Weather charts show a heavy band of rain hitting the southern areas of England on Sunday from 9am which will see a washout for the Jubilee Pageant. Mr Fawkes said: "For the remainder of the weekend the warmest temperatures may be found in the northwest of Scotland, with cooler conditions further south." The Met Office have said it is "keeping an eye" on the unpredictable stormy weather for Sunday and has said it "may issue a warning nearer the time". 