Dan Walker, 45, opened up about what he is enjoying about his move to Channel 5 after presenting BBC Breakfast for six years. Dan is now the face of the channel’s flagship news programme, 5 News, which he presents weekdays at 5pm. He confessed that what he “really loves” about Channel 5 is that his work is done “with a bit of feeling and connect with our audience in a way maybe other programmes struggle to do”.When asked whether this is different from the way he presented for BBC, he told Radio Times: “I think that’s always been my style, rightly or wrongly.  “There’s a perception that you’re really shackled at the BBC and you can’t be yourself, but I’ve never been told I can’t say something.”However, he added that Channel 5 does have “a bit more flexibility” which Dan admits he is “enjoying”. READ MORE:Strictly star Shirley Ballas, 61, exposes awkward wardrobe malfunction Dan also noted that he is now working with a “really young, creative team”.Dan’s comments come after it was revealed that his move to Channel 5 has failed to boost the show’s viewing figures.He first joined 5 News on June 6 and his debut saw 390,000 viewers tune in.Since then, the total has almost halved to 203,000 and one hour-long bulletin received just 189,000 before settling in at 230,000. However, this figure is the same as Dan’s predecessor Sian Williams, as reported by The Mirror.Following his first day earlier this month, Dan boasted that the show’s figures had been boosted by 70 percent of its usual amount.He tweeted: “Lots of talk about figures last night… we are quite happy with ours.“The @5_News audience was up over 70 percent. Thanks so much for watching. We’ll see you tonight at 5, on 5." DON'T MISSCliff Richard, 81, stuns fans with ‘ageless’ looks at Wimbledon[PICTURES]Kirstie Allsopp narrowly avoids hospital after 'swallowing AirPod'[LATEST]Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive[INSIGHT] Dan previously presented BBC Breakfast from 2016, when he replaced Bill Turnbull.After six years with the broadcaster, Dan announced he was leaving, with his permanent replacement still yet to be announced.Jon Kay has been filling in since his departure on May 17. Jon has been part of the Breakfast team since 2020.As well as regularly appearing alongside Sally Nugent, Jon has now been included in the BBC Breakfast official Twitter header picture with Sally, Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt. Last week, The BBC confirmed to Express.co.uk that they are still looking for Dan's replacement, which will be announced in due course.BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.News at 5 airs on Channel 5 on weekdays at 5pm.