Naga Munchetty, 47, reached out to her BBC colleague Reeta Chakrabarti, 57, who received an urgent text message which required immediate attention. The BBC News correspondent took to social media and shared a screenshot that she believed was from the NHS. The message was said to be from the NHS TestKit and warned the newsreader had been in "close contact" with a person who has contracted the Omicron variant. Taking to Twitter, Reeta asked her 22,200 followers if the text message was possibly fake. She penned: "Morning - I’ve just been texted the below by someone calling themselves NHS TestKit. Anyone else received this? I’m assuming it’s a scam…" The screenshot read: "NHS: You've been in close contact with a person who has contracted the Omicron variant. Please order a test kit." READ MORE: 'Carnage' John Barrowman horror as he's caught up in Berlin crash The text message finished with a link to a website to purchase the test kit. Naga was one of the first to respond to Reeta's tweet and urged it was a scam. In view of her 272,000 followers, the BBC Breakfast host wrote: "Deffo a scam." Reeta replied: "Thank you - good to find unanimity here! x."  Other social media users also reacted to the post, as they shared warned Reeta to be vigilant. @Alex penned: "I got a similar one the link is nothing like what the NHS use so scam!!!" @colintalbot remarked: "Yep. I had one like that a while back. Thought they'd stopped." @scowie commented: "I had one just now. Thanks for the alert!" DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen reacts to kids being 'media trained'[LATEST]Jane Seymour, 71, dazzles as she puts on leggy display in swimsuit[PICTURES]Charley Webb returns to work five months after quitting Emmerdale[TV] Earlier this year, the South West Trading Standards Service warned residents of a series of scam text messages claiming to be from NHS Test and Trace. One of the texts told the recipient that they’ve "been in close proximity with someone who has been contagious" in reference to Covid. It then tells them that they need a "test kit" and provides a link to order the test – the link takes them to a fake NHS website. The messages come from a variety of mobile numbers – an indication that it is a scam – and the text can vary; but once on the website it will ask you for your bank details. Elsewhere, Naga gave her well wishes to BBC journalist Sally Bundock, who is recovering from a leg injury. Sharing a photo of her bandaged leg, Sally wrote: "Recovery: week 6 almost done. I’m seeing the consultant tomorrow and hoping I can downgrade from this strict knee brace and return to work on Monday  #fingerscrossed." Naga replied: "OOH - Fingers crossed Sal x." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.