Sir Alex Ferguson has already offered his thoughts on Christian Eriksen's suitability for Manchester United by waxing lyrical over the Dane's ball-playing exploits when quizzed on his development back in 2012. The Red Devils have been linked with a potential move for Eriksen over the last few weeks, with the Brentford man set to become a free agent upon the expiry of his current deal with the Bees at the end of this month. The likes of Tottenham and West Ham have also been credited with an interest in landing Eriksen, who has turned plenty of heads with his impressive performances for Brentford since joining the club on a short-term contract back in January. Ferguson previously showered Eriksen in plenty of praise after being left impressed by the midfielder's showing against United during his time as an Ajax player in the Europa League ten years ago."He's a good player, a typical Ajax player who is good on the ball, but we already knew that," Ferguson told TV3+, as reported by ESPN. "We have many young players at the club, but we are always looking for talent, it's impossible to predict."Eriksen went on to respond by insisting that he was honoured to have been recognised in this way by Ferguson before refusing to rule out the possibility of signing for United at some point over the course of his professional career. JUST IN: Man Utd's formidable new-look defence if Ten Hag pulls off four deals "It is great to hear and an honour to hear him saying positive things about me, especially as it's not just come from any old manager," said Eriksen when pressed for a comment on Ferguson's glowing review."It's something I have to get used to, I would say that he is one of the game's greatest managers. I want to play for a big club at some point, of course, but right now I am not dreaming of anything so big." Meanwhile, the possibility of Eriksen staying at Brentford for at least another year should not yet be ruled out, with the Bees eager to tie him down to a new and improved contract over the coming weeks. Thomas Frank recently launched an impassioned plea to convince Eriksen to repay their faith in him by insisting that he can become a club legend if he decides to stay put by agreeing fresh terms in the not-too-distant future."Either he signs with us and everyone is going to be happy and the fans will build a statue of him outside the stadium in two or three years’ time, or he goes to a bigger level and fans will applaud him and we will all say, ‘Thank you for this time, go forward'," the Brentford boss told reporters last month. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.