 The Duke of Cambridge took centre stage during the spectacular concert held outside of Buckingham Palace on the third day of celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. At the beginning of his speech, William said to be pleased to see the London residence of his grandmother being turned into a massive screen. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Greeted by even more cheers from the jubilant crowd, the Duke then went on to praise the pioneers and environmentalists around the world. Among them, he paid tribute to Prince Charles and Prince Philip for their role in conservation and protection of the environment over the past several decades. He said: "I am so proud that my father and grandfather have been a part of those efforts." He then mentioned naturalist Sir David Attenborough, who "looked at the beauty and power of our earth and worked to celebrate and preserve it." He then moved on to pay tribute to the Queen. Beginning with a joke, William said of his 96-year-old grandmother: "While no one's grandmother thanks them for talking about their age, my own grandmother has been alive for nearly a century." After pausing as the crowd cheered, he went on saying: "During that time, mankind has benefitted from unimaginable technological developments and scientific breakthroughs. "And although those breakthroughs have increased our awareness of the impact humans have on our world, our planet has become more fragile. READ MORE: Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan "Today, in 2022, as the Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee, the pressing need to protect and restore our planet has never been more urgent." The Duke went on to speak about the necessity of all nations to come together to protect the environment and save the planet for generations to come. He said: "Like her, I am an optimist. Decades of making the case for taking better care of our world, has made the environmental issue at the top of the agenda. "More and more businesses and politicians are answering the call, and perhaps most inspiringly, the call is now being spearheaded by an amazing and united generation of people across the world." Prince William's words were once again welcomed by the jubilant crowd, with people cheering loudly.  He added: "Congratulations to all of them, they won't accept the status quo, they won't accept that change is too difficult to deliver. "Never before have we had so much power to change the big things. "In the past 70 years, mankind has put men on the Moon. "We have built the world wide web, and we have developed vaccines and solutions to some of the most life-threatening diseases on earth. "When humankind focuses its mind, anything is possible. "It's my firm hope, that my grandmother's words are as true in 70-year time as they are tonight. "That as nations we come together in common cause, because then there is always room for hope. "Tonight has been full of such optimism and joy, and there is hope. "Together, if we harness the very best of human kind, and restore our planet, we will protect it for our children, our grandchildren, and for future generations to come. "They will be able to say, with pride of what's being achieved, what a wonderful world." Prince William attended tonight's Party at the Palace event alongside his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and their eldest son and daughter - Prince George and Princess Charlotte. During the event, the Duke was spotted sharing an adorable moment with Prince George, his heir and third-in-line to the throne. The children, who are believed to have attended their first-ever concert tonight, appeared attentive and enthusiastic to be in the royal box, surrounded by some 30 members of the Firm.