Players Ness, Chloe, Fergus and Carey were welcomed onto the latest instalment of The Chase by host Bradley Walsh. Ness, who was the first player up against Mark 'The Beast' Labbett raised an impressive £7,000 in her cash builder round. When the Chaser asked her if she wanted to play on for £27,000, he lashed out when she said the amount was "not enough". Ness, who was hoping to fund her upcoming wedding, decided to play against Mark for £7,000 following the advice of her teammates. Carey said: "Definitely go for the £7,000 as there is strength in numbers when it comes to the final." Chloe said: "I think you could definitely do the £27,000 but do the £7,000 to get yourself back here for the final." While explaining her decision to play on for £7,000, Ness bluntly said: "I don't think the £27,000 is enough for me to gamble. I think I am going to go for £7,000." READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Ness sailed through to the final and Mark said: "And you reckoned £27,000 wasn't enough." The next player to take on The Beast was Chloe who raised £3,000 in the opening round. Mark offered Chloe to play for £1,000, £3,000 or "a very generous" £30,000, and Chloe opted for the middle option. The Chaser then took a swipe about the BBC game show Pointless which shocked Bradley.  The Beast said: "I have to say before we start, Ness if you don't think £30,000 is enough, don't go on Pointless love, you'd be more disappointed." Chloe, 27, told Bradley: "It's go big or go home so I am going to go for the £30,000." "Good for you, the fact you have gone for it speaks volumes" Bradley replied after appearing stunned by her bold decision. Unfortunately for Chloe, her risk did not pay off and she was soon sent home empty-handed. DON'T MISS...Mark Labbett jokes about friendship with Chaser Anne Hegerty [LATEST]Mark Labbett defends Anne Hegerty's ‘quiet’ replacement on The Chase [INSIGHT]Mark Labbett gets candid about split from wife and second cousin Katie [INTERVIEW] Carey raised £5,000 in her opening round and made it through to the final after playing for that figure. The last player of the day, Fergus, also raised £5,000 and got to the final with Ness and Carey and they were playing for £17,000. The trio answered a total of 18 questions right between them before the Chaser was brought back for his turn. "Some good answers," The Chaser added following the contestants' group effort.  During Mark's round, he passed on three questions but the players also got the answers wrong when they were passed on to them. They were eventually caught with 15 seconds remaining after three attempts to push the Chaser back. The team walked away with nothing and Bradley thanked them for taking part in the show. The Chase continues on weekdays at 5pm on ITV. 