Liverpool have received a first offer of £25million from Bayern Munich for star forward Sadio Mane, according to reports. The terms of the transfer would apparently see the perennial Bundesliga champions continue to pay for the Senegal ace in the future. Mane has been strongly linked with Bayern but is yet to make good on his promise to discuss his future following Saturday's Champions League final. The 30-year-old insisted he would reveal his plans for next season once the Reds had negotiated their European showdown with Real Madrid, which they ultimately lost 1-0. According to Sky in Germany, a first offer of £25m has now been made and Bayern are anticipating a decision from the Premier League runners-up. The bid will see Bayern pay the fee up front before paying smaller sums of between £4m and £8m in the future. It would be a bargain move by the German outfit but reflects the fact that Mane is about to enter the final year of his contract at Liverpool. Both he and strike partner Mohamed Salah have deals at Anfield that expire in June 2023. Liverpool are desperate to tie down Salah to new terms but have not seemed quite so persistent with Mane. The January arrival of Luis Diaz meant that Mane’s place in Jurgen Klopp’s regular starting 11 is no longer quite so secure. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'still want to sign Traore' but face competition from duoMan United confirm Jesse Lingard departure ahead of transfer battleBarcelona warned Chelsea defender pursuit 'may fall flat on its face' Despite that, Mane enjoyed a typically excellent campaign as Liverpool came so close to pipping Manchester City to the Premier League title. The Reds would have won the league had City not completed a remarkable comeback against Aston Villa on the final day of the season. Mane scored 16 top-flight goals and a further five in Europe as Liverpool reached a third Champions League final in five seasons. He also struck twice on the way to Liverpool securing their first FA Cup under Klopp. Many scoffed at the £35m Liverpool paid to bring Mane from Southampton in the summer of 2016 but he has more than justified that fee. He has scored 120 goals in 269 appearances for the Merseysiders, winning a Premier League, a Champions League and several domestic and personal honours. 