There's a new challenger to Netflix, Disney+, Apple TV+ and Prime Video in the UK... Paramount+. Thankfully you don't have to wait months for the Paramount Plus release date because it launched today! Yes, the streaming service, which launched in the United States last year, arrived in the UK, Italy, Germany, and France earlier today (June 22, 2022). Paramount+ costs £6.99 per month and unlocks access to a host of exclusive TV shows, children's programmes, and blockbuster movies. Unlike Paramount+ (pronounced "Paramount Plus") in the US, there are no ad-supported tiers available in the UK and mainland Europe. Instead, all subscribers will be able to enjoy boxset binges and movie marathons without any interruptions from advertisements. This is similar to what we've seen from rivals, like Netflix, Disney+, Apple TV+, StarzPlay, and Prime Video. With a single Paramount+ subscription, UK viewers can watch on three screens simultaneously. That means you'll be able to stream on a tablet, smartphone and television in the same house – good news for busy households. Paramount+ is available on a good selection of devices, including iPhone, iPad, Android smartphones and tablets, Apple TV, Sky Q, Sky Glass, Chromecast with Google TV, Fire TV Stick, and Roku. Of course, you'll also be able to stream from a desktop computer using any web browser, including the likes of Google Chrome, Safari and Firefox. Like Netflix, Disney+ and Prime Video, some of these mobile devices will allow you to download shows from Paramount+ to take with you. That means you'll be able to watch the latest episode of Queens Of The Universe or Halo on the Underground on the way to work or catch up with the latest instalment in the Scream horror franchise on a flight when your iPad is in Airplane Mode. If you want to stream Paramount+ on your telly without a set-top box ...you'll need to have a Samsung Smart TV as that's the only manufacturer with a Paramount+ ready for the UK release date. Unfortunately, if you own a Sony, Philips, Hisense, TCL, or any other brand of Smart TV, you will need to plug in one of the devices listed above to start watching Paramount+. Sky Q and Sky Glass viewers who are subscribed to a Sky TV package with Sky Cinema will be able to binge-watch every boxset and blockbuster from the Paramount+ library at no extra cost, thanks to a bespoke deal struck by the satellite telly firm and US streaming service. Unfortunately, the new partnership doesn't apply to NOW (formerly NOW TV) subscribers with a Sky Cinema membership. If that's you, you'll need to look at the Paramount+ free trial to watch one of its exclusive series for free. Unlike the United States, which has two subscription tiers – a cheaper "Essential" plan with advertisement breaks and a "Premium" option with no ads, Paramount+ has taken a one-size-fits-all approach in the UK. A Paramount+ subscription costs £6.99 per month. This 30 day rolling contract allows you to cancel at any time and there will never be any advertisements before or during the TV shows or films that you stream from Paramount+. Those looking for saving can sign-up for the annual plan. This costs £69.90 per year – a saving of 16.6% compared to 12-months on a rolling monthly contract. That equates to £5.80 per month, compared with the usual £6.99 per month. That's definitely not to be sniffed at, especially for those juggling multiple subscriptions to video streaming services like Netflix (which recently raised its subscription prices in the UK), Apple TV+ (which ended its year-long free trial for anyone who bought a new iPhone or iPad), and Prime Video. The other benefit of paying for a year of streaming upfront is that it will save you from any price rises throughout the year ...although, it's worth noting that Paramount hasn't confirmed any plans to adjust its subscription costs within the first year of its UK launch. In a nutshell – yes! Paramount+ has launched in the UK with a seven-day free trial for all new subscribers. To start watching Paramount+ for free, you'll only need to register via the Paramount Plus website. Once you've set up an account, you'll be able to login on to any device with a Paramount+ app, like your iPhone or Fire TV Stick, and begin streaming the selection of exclusive TV shows, familiar movies, new blockbusters, and more. After the Paramount+ free trial ends, you'll be charged be switched to a rolling monthly paid subscription, which costs £6.99 per month. This will continue until you cancel the subscription from the website or any Paramount+ app. Better yet, Sky TV customers will be able to watch Paramount+ at no extra cost, thanks to a partnership between the new streaming platform and the satellite telly firm. Sky Q and Sky Glass owners who have already signed up for a Sky Cinema subscription will be able to access the full catalogue of TV shows, movies, and kids programming that launch on Paramount+. These will all be accessible from the main menu. Unfortunately, NOW subscribers won't get the same boost in content as part of their Sky Cinema membership ...so if you stream the latest Hollywood blockbusters, indie hits, and Sky Original films via NOW (formerly NOW TV), you'll need to set up a separate Paramount+ subscription. As the name (and silhouetted mountain logo) suggests, Paramount+ is the streaming service for Paramount Pictures. As such, it brings together a vast number of popular film franchises from the Hollywood studio, including the Mission: Impossible film series starring Tom Cruise, Simon Pegg, Alec Baldwin, and Ving Rhames. The Tom Cruise-fronted thriller Jack Reacher, based on the best-selling book series, will also be included in the catalogue of movies at launch. Michael Bay's bombastic Transformers film franchise, including recent entries Transformers: Age Of Extinction and Transformers: Revenge Of The Fallen, will be included in Paramount+ too as well as Tina Fey's endlessly quotable Mean Girls. Fetch, right? Pulp Fiction, Castaway, Flashdance, Grease, and a selection of silver screen outings for Star Trek, including the 2009 reboot from JJ Abrams will also be included as part of the £6.99 per month subscription fee. Following its UK release date, Paramount+ will become the new home for blockbusters from Paramount Pictures when these titles leave the cinema. As such, the record-breaking Scream (technically, Scream 5, but who is counting?) starring Jenna Ortega, Jack Quaid, Courteney Cox, David Arquette, and Neve Campbell, will launch within Paramount+ in the coming weeks. Likewise, the Jack Whitehall-starring Clifford The Big Red Dog will launch exclusively on Paramount+ on June 24, 2022. And Top Gun: Maverick will land on Paramount+ in the coming months – bypassing streaming rivals like Prime Video and Netflix. If you want to watch Tom Cruise reprise one of the most iconic roles of his career alongside Miles Teller, Jennifer Connelly, Jon Hamm, Ed Harris, and Val Kilmer, then you'll need to make sure you've got a Paramount+ subscription later this year. Paramount+ isn't just stocked with films from Paramount Pictures, it also brings together content from ViacomCBS, which is admittedly less recognisable in the UK. However, the shows produced by the company – broadcast on channels like Showtime, Comedy Central, MTV, and Nickelodeon – are household names. As such, series like SpongeBob SquarePants, PAW Patrol, Rugrats, and new originals based on some of Nickelodeon’s most beloved characters, like Kamp Koral: SpongeBob’s Under Years, will also be available to stream on Paramount+. The streaming service has commissioned 14 South Park films that will be exclusive to Paramount+. The first of the series, dubbed South Park: Post Covid, premiered in the United States last November, with the second film, South Park: Post Covid: The Return of Covid, following weeks later in December 2021. Both of these will be available on Paramount+ UK at launch. However, the third film – South Park: The Streaming Wars – launched this month in the United States, which means that, beginning now, UK subscribers will get their hands on the latest made-for-TV movie at the same time as their US counterparts. Hit drama series Yellowjackets, which was an exclusive for Showtime in the United States and Sky in the UK, will now be available on Paramount+. It's unclear whether the upcoming season series of the talked-about psychological thriller will air weekly on Paramount+ UK in line with its broadcast in the United States, or whether Sky TV subscribers will get the show week-to-week before the complete boxset lands on the streaming service. Paramount+ has enjoyed huge success with its suite of Star Trek shows. The latest of these, Star Trek: Strange New Worlds – a prequel spin-off series based on the characters introduced during the second series of Star Trek: Discovery, will air each week on Paramount+ UK. Although, at launch there will be a bundle of three episodes to sink your teeth into. Just like Netflix and Prime Video, Paramount+ is pouring funds into original TV shows and movies for its platform to set it apart from the competition. These shows aren't available anywhere else, so you'll need to subscribe to join in the chat with co-workers at the watercooler. Paramount+ UK arrives with The First Lady, a political drama starring Viola Davis, Michelle Pfeiffer and Gillian Anderson. The Offer, an exclusive docudrama, is based on Academy Award-winning producer Albert S. Ruddy’s behind-the-scenes experiences when making The Godfather. It stars Miles Teller, Matthew Goode and Juno Temple. Halo, based on the blockbuster gaming franchise, will be available to watch on Paramount+ for the first time in the UK. The first three episodes will be available at launch, with new entries coming every Wednesday until the end of the 10-episode series. All 10 episodes of Paramount+ original Mayor of Kingstown, with Jeremy Renner, Dianne West and Kyle Chandler, will be available at launch too. This series is set in the town of Kingstown, Michigan where the business of incarceration is the only thriving industry. Yellowstone – an epic family saga set against the backdrop of the great frontier, starring Kevin Costner – and its prequel series 1883 – with Sam Elliott, Tim McGraw, and musician Faith Hill – will both be available to watch in their entirety on Paramount+ UK from launch day. Paramount+ will also be the exclusive home of a reboot of family-friendly sitcom iCarly, which sees the original cast return. There's a truckload of content set to debut on Paramount+ in the coming weeks and months. The streaming platform has pledged to commission at least 150 original shows from international teams by 2025. This impressive figure includes a number of productions from the UK aimed at British audiences, such as an adaptation of Amor Towles' A Gentleman in Moscow, new drama Flatshare set in London, horror adaptation The Burning Girls, and psychological drama The Ex-Wife. Unfortunately, none of these previously-greenlit projects is available for the UK launch. However, it's not simply new television shows that UK audiences should be excited about as Paramount+ will be the home of a number of the biggest blockbusters, including recent box office success like Scream, which will debut on the streaming platform in the coming weeks. Sonic the Hedgehog 2, which debuted in UK cinemas on April 1 and is still showing in some multiplexes, will be included as part of your Paramount+ subscription at a later date. Top Gun: Maverick will also be bundled to all subscribers later this year alongside Clifford the Big Red Dog, and The Lost City. MORE LIKE THIS