As fans eagerly await the return of Netflix’s acclaimed historical series Vikings Valhalla, some major news about season three has been unveiled. Joining the cast of the show as a new character is Goran Visnjic, who became well-known after appearing on Amazon’s hit series, The Boys.  Vikings Valhalla is the recent spin-off of History’s beloved historical show Vikings and after landing on Netflix in February fans have been awaiting its return. The series takes fans 100 years after the events in the original series with all new characters forging their own destiny. The show followed the adventures of Leif Erikson (played by Sam Corlett) as it chronicled the beginning of the end of the Viking Age. As fans await the release of season two, it was revealed production for the show’s third season had begun and the series landed a major actor. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert Joining the cast of Vikings Valhalla is actor Goran Visnjic, who is expected to make his season three debut in 2024. Visnjic will play the major role of Erik the Red, the legendary Viking father of Leif Eriksson and Freydis (Frida Gustavsson). His storyline will explore his character who was living in exile in Greenland for crimes he committed in Iceland and Norway. It was revealed, production had begun in May and was taking place in Ireland as it was expected to continue throughout the summer.  Although Visnjic has starred in ER, Red Widow and This Is Us, he is well known for his role in The Boys. The Amazon superhero series is the onscreen adaptation of the Garth Ennis comic series of the same name. The show followed the lives of superheroes who based their power instead of using it for the good of the people. It portrayed a life where the superheroes were as popular as celebrities, as influential as politicians and as revered as gods. In The Boys, Visnjic portrayed Alastair Adana who was a charismatic and shadowy leader of a mysterious church. DON'T MISS...Britain’s Got Talent winner Axel Blake hits back at ‘fix’ claims [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla paid tribute to Vikings’ King Harald in costume clue [INSIGHT]What happened to the real King Edmund? Valhalla twist explained [EXPLAINER] Alongside a smile, the character promised to restore the reputations of disgraced celebrities. However, as he was a manipulative, power-hungry cult leader, the moment people stopped dancing to his tune showed his true colours. Alastair would do so as he resorted to blackmailing them or releasing private and sensitive information about them. This will be a difference for Visnjic as Erik the Red is a real historical figure and Viking Valhalla season three is expected to be set in the 11th century. Although this will be a major change for the actor, his fans will soon be able to see him in a new light as well as the full Viking attire.   The series quickly earned its renewal after it proved to be a huge hit among fans as it had a strong showing in Netflix’s Top 10 viewership rankings. After Vikings Valhalla was officially renewed, its creator Jeb Stuart released a statement of gratitude to fans. It read: “Fans of Valhalla — THANK YOU to the millions of you who have watched (and rewatched!) season 1. “The numbers have been mind-boggling and beyond my wildest expectations, I'm thrilled to be able to confirm that we wrapped and are already editing season 2 and that production will start soon on season 3. “While the storylines for Leif, Freydis, Harald, Olaf, Canute, and the rest of our amazing cast are secret, I can say without hesitation that their journeys will be even more epic than what you've seen so far. SKÅL!!!” Vikings Valhalla is available on Netflix.  