Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has led to the price of wholesale gas skyrocketing, as the Government scrambles to find a way to ease pressures on Britons. With Ofgem’s announcement that the energy price for UK households is set to rise to around £2,800 a month, millions of families face the risk of entering into fuel poverty by this winter. As a result, experts have suggested that firing up wood-burning stoves may be a viable way to reduce household bills by up to 10 percent, according to the Energy Saving Trust.  Based on Ofgem’s latest predictions on the price cap, using a wood burner to warm households could save about £280 this winter. For many British households, installing a heat pump to replace their ageing boiler can be prohibitively expensive, even with the Government’s Boiler Upgrade Scheme (BUS) in place, offering up to £5,000 in subsidies. Some households have reportedly faced bills of up to £16,000 to install heat pumps, despite the BUS scheme. This is another sector that log burners can have a significant advantage in, compared to other heating sources like heat pumps and gas boilers. The initial cost of installing a log burner can range anywhere from £500 to £5,000 for high-end devices.  According to Direct Stoves, a supplier, the installation costs of a burner will depend on the age of the property, and whether it has a chimney. They added that it would cost around £1,500 to install a log burner in a household with a pre-existing chimney, and over £2,000 to add a flue system if the home doesn’t have a chimney. According to the Stove Industry Alliance, a campaign group promoting the benefits of wood-burning stoves, once the initial costs are dealt with, a wood burner is a far cheaper heating system. They noted that the operating costs for an average household are about a third of the electric heating bills and 13 percent less than households with gas central heating. READ MORE: Energy crisis lifeline: Insulation can slash more than £650 off bills  These savings could increase if fuel prices continue to rise as the war progresses. The Alliance estimates that a log burner on average consumes 3.5 cubic meters of wood if used in a household from mid-October to mid-April in the evenings and at weekends. Given that a cubic metre of kiln dried logs costs between £120 to £140, the average heating bill during the winter with a log burner would be around £420 to £490. Andy Hill, of the Stove Industry Alliance, told the Telegraph: "With rising fuel costs, wood-burning becomes ever more cost-effective and our members are reporting increased demand for wood fuel supplies as concern grows about the financial impact on families of the energy price rises. DON'T MISS: Energy crisis lifeline as expert claims heat pumps a ‘no brainer’ [INSIGHT] Russia threatens 'major' outbreak of fatal disease [SPOTLIGHT] Energy crisis: US firm strikes major UK deal to slash waste and power [REVEAL]