Loose Women host Ruth Langsford opened up on her husband’s health on Tuesday after being asked for an update by panellist Janet Street-Porter. Eamonn Holmes explained to his Twitter followers that a hospital stay was behind his recent GB News absence. Ruth reassured Janet and the rest of the Loose Women panellists that Eamonn was home after the “worrying” change. Interrupting the host, Janet said: “Now Ruth before you get any further. “There’s something I’ve got to ask you, how’s my Eamonn? “He’s been in the papers today his back is playing up and he’s in hospital.” Ruth replied: “Thank you for asking. He’s not [in hospital] now, he’s out now. Read more: Eamonn Holmes speaks out on GB News absence months after joining “He’s resting at home but he’s had this bad back problem and it played up again and he ended up in hospital for a couple of days. “It’s been a bit worrying that’s why I wasn’t here last week and he is out now and resting at home.” Janet joked she was unimpressed with Loose Women showing viewers a picture of both Ruth and Eamonn. “Can we have a picture of just Eamonn up now please?” Janet quipped. “Give him a wave Janet,” Ruth requested. Waving, Janet said: “Eamonn, love you lots.” “Yes he’s okay thank you,” Ruth said and Linda Robson interjected: “You’ll frighten the life out of him.” “That will put him straight back to hospital,” Coleen Nolan joked. DON'T MISS'Devastating consequences' Brenda Edwards on dangers of drugs [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford [VIDEO]Ruth Langsford supports Loose Women's Gloria Hunniford after fall [INTERVIEW] Addressing viewers, Ruth added: “Thank you for all your kind wishes to Eamonn I will pass them on.” Eamonn addressed his absence from GB News on Twitter. He wrote: “Hi everyone, many of you have been asking why I haven’t been presenting GB News for the past week. “Unfortunately, due to a reoccurrence of a long-term back condition, I’ve had to undergo some unexpected hospital treatment and am now following doctor’s orders by taking a short time off.” He continued: “However, I’m looking forward to being back alongside Isabel, my Breakfast co-presenter and friend, next week. “Even though I only joined GB News six months ago, the whole team and our amazing audience have shown me immense support which has been greatly appreciated. “I now just need time with my family to heal and recuperate. See you soon Eamonn.” Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 12.30pm.