According to the estate and lettings agent, homes with a ‘good view’ command a price premium as high as 196 percent compared to the rest of the market. The average price for a home which is listed as having a ‘good view’ in Britain is £603,119. When compared to the current wider national average of £281,719, this is a premium of 114 percent. The biggest premium reported was in England’s North West where good view properties command an average price of £606,175. This is compared to the wider local average house price of £205,121. Stunning views are in demand amongst buyers, with sea and countryside views very popular. In Scotland, good view homes command a premium of 188 percent with an average price of £522,180, compared to the wider average of £181,415. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ Home buyers will also pay a premium of more than 100 percent in Yorkshire & Humber, Wales, East Midlands and London. London is home to the highest average good view house price of £1million. The smallest premiums were found in the East of England, South West and South East. James Forrester, Managing Director of Barrows and Forrester, said: “A particularly good view is up there with some of the most sought after features of a good home and can be as important as the number of bedrooms, or the availability of parking. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap and quick’ way to clean kitchen tiles [COMMENT]‘Great’ methods to ensure plants ‘survive’ while on holiday [EXPERT]Lawn: ‘Key’ to a ‘good quality sword’ and ‘healthy’ lawn [INSIGHT] “It acts as an extension of our outdoor space and this demand can mean buyers are willing to pay a handsome premium. “Of course, a home situated along a beautiful stretch of coastline, or nestled between some rolling hills is also likely to be on the larger side and situated within the upper end of any market to begin with. “So when you combine this property pedigree with such high demand, it’s hardly surprising buyers are willing to pay so much more for a property with a great view. “However, it’s important to remember that it might not last forever.” READ MORE: Tomato plants: ‘Ideal’ watering method to ‘prevent root diseases’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to the expert, new homes, particularly high rise buildings, can all obscure what was once a dream view. James added: “While there’s not a great deal you can do about it, it’s always worth checking if any construction is underway, or if planning permission has been granted within your line of sight before you make an offer.” While good views may add value to a property, Hammonds Furniture recently shared the features which could knock an average of £55,400 off the value of a home. Hammonds asked 2,000 UK house hunters to share what they would avoid or see as being off-putting in a home. Some of the features that put buyers off include mould or damp on walls and any signs of a pest infestation. Sixty-two percent of UK house hunters would be put off purchasing if there was mould or damp. Japanese knotweed, an invasive weed species, would also put 58 percent of buyers off. Noisy neighbours, messy gardens and wallpaper were also other features house hunters would avoid.