In a bid to get the winning shot, the average adult will retake a photo three times – but 59 percent are still unhappy with the final results. It also emerged an average of 38 percent of pictures of loved ones captured by waiters and waitresses are deemed “bad”. The study was commissioned by Hilton to mark the launch of its “Waitographer” initiative – which has so far seen almost 700 team members from around the world receive training on how to capture the perfect picture, by renowned photographer, Roger Moukarzel. Fred Sirieix, TV presenter and former general manager at Galvin at Windows, London Hilton on Park Lane, said: “Hospitality is all about creating incredible experiences for guests. “What a fabulous idea to not only deliver that experience, but also help capture it so that it can be cherished forever and shared with your social media followers. “I’m thrilled to be working with my old friends at Hilton on “Waitographer”, and have seen first-hand the great results from the training.” The study also found half of adults are looking to take even more snaps to capture special moments with friends and family. More than six in ten (62 percent) want more shots with loved ones to capture special moments, while two in five want to commemorate an event. A quarter want more pictures they can print out and display at home, while 14 percent are itching for more snaps to make others jealous. But Brits estimate over a quarter (28 percent) of the photos filling up their camera roll are sub-standard – equating to an enormous 140 billion snaps nationwide. The research, conducted via OnePoll, also saw restaurants named the most likely setting to ask someone to capture a group photo (22 percent). Emma Banks, vice-president of F&B strategy & development for Hilton, EMEA, said: “We have all felt that disappointment of seeing what could have been an amazing picture ruined by bad photography skills, so we’re pleased to provide the answer. “Whether you are visiting our hotels for a stay or just a meal, we want the great memories to last beyond just that moment and stay with our guests forever – and we know a great photo can create that lasting memory. “We look forward to expanding this initiative even further to help combat badly taken photos on a global scale, so that guests can rest assured that their memories will be perfectly captured at Hilton.” ROGER MOUKARZEL'S TOP TIPS FOR A PERFECT PICTURE: TOP 10 PHOTOGRAPHY FAUX PAS, ACCORDING TO BRITS: