NCIS' Clayton Reeves (played by Duane Henry) quickly became a beloved member of the team so when he left the show after just two seasons, viewers were stunned. The CBS drama has seen various exits over the years with Clayton's being among the most memorable in the show's 19-year history. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about actor Henry's departure from NCIS. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. Prior to NCIS, actor Henry had been in various series including Doctors, The Cut, Desperados, Dubplate Drama and The Bill, just to name a few. But the police procedural was by far his biggest part to date as the charming MI6 agent Clayton Reeves. He remained a series regular for two seasons until the penultimate episode of season 15 when he made his unexpected exit. While many actors choose to leave a show to explore other opportunities, this was not the case for Henry. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Henry's character Clayton was created by NCIS showrunner Gary Glasberg who auditioned the 37-year-old for the part. Sadly, Glasberg died in 2016 at the age of 50, which left the rest of the show's creators unsure of what he had planned for Clayton. This confusion ultimately led to them choosing to write the agent out of the drama completely. Henry has previously spoken about the decision to have his character killed off in NCIS. Opening up to TV Line, Henry said in 2018: "Clayton was Gary’s brainchild, he created this character. "So when Gary passed [at the start of Season 14], I was feeling a bit of panic in people’s faces. "I could tell that they were not really sure [what the future held]. "I kind of got my bearings together and thought, “What’s going to happen now with the character?” Nevertheless, Henry admitted he was thrilled with his final storyline, stating: "You can’t ask for a better exit." DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford [CAST]NCIS fans rage as they expose 'plot hole' with McGee's sister Sarah [REACTION]NCIS exit: Why did Alice Krige leave as Maggie Clarke? Star on return [EXPLAINER] In the episode One Step Forward, Clayton is invited as Abby Sciuto's (Pauley Perrette) plus one at a new restaurant but everything goes wrong after they finished their meal. As the colleagues were walking home, a mugger ambushed them, pointing a gun at Clayton and Abby, demanding money. Clayton hands over his wallet but Abby wants to talk it over with him, saying that she can help him. This antagonises the mugger and a shot is fired, with the episode ending on a major cliffhanger. But at the beginning of the series 15 finale, Clayton's body is shown in the autopsy room as he apparently jumped in front of Abby, taking the bullet and sadly killing himself in the process. Since leaving NCIS, Henry has another few credits under his belt, according to his IMDb page. He had a minor part as a soldier in the 2019 Captain Marvel movie and was Cooper in the parody series What Just Happened??!. Henry has also been in two Christmas TV movies, A Gingerbread Romance and Mistletoe in Montana. NCIS season 19  is available to watch on CBS in America and Disney+ every Wednesday in the UK.