The plotters swooped like vultures that could smell the blood of their wounded prey demanding that he resign even though he’d just won the right to stay. All this despite the fact that in the run up to the vote these plotters had insisted the vote was necessary because a line needed to be drawn under Partygate “once and for all” so that the country could move on.   But the minute they realised the vote hadn’t gone their way and it gave Boris another year in office they forgot about “drawing a line” under everything and immediately went back to screaming “It’s over. He can’t recover from this.” And because the rules gave Boris another year – they also demanded the rules had to change so they could get him out sooner. What, so they get a result they don’t like and they want the rules changed so theycan get the result they want? Doesn’t sound very democratic to me. Does that remind you of anything? It reminds me of our Parliament a few years back when rabid anti-Brexit MPs demanded that laws be changed so they could overturn the democratic will of the people.  Well, as much as those rebels were desperate for it to be over for Boris – it isn’t. Not yet anyway. Yes, that vote was a blow. It was worse than that of John Major when his leadership was challenged back in June 1995. And it was worse than Theresa May’s in 2018. But what absolutely needs to be over is the incessant carping and plotting from those in the Tory party who seem to have forgotten that we’re the midst of the worst ever cost of living crisis and that there’s a war raging in Europe which could impact on us all. And this Government can’t begin to get on with dealing with those problems while a hardcore inside the Party, aided by a bunch of nonentities no one’s ever heard of, are whipping the Party and the country up into a self-righteous lather. These idiots are determined to kick Boris out with no real plan as to what happens next. Well, I’ll tell what would happen – chaos and catastrophe for the British people who’d be the victims of a bunch of Boris-hating, Brexit-hating MPs who aren’t thinking about inflation, voters’ hardship or the war in Ukraine – as they should be. All they care about is getting rid of a man they never wanted to be PM and who they’ve hated from Day one – many of them because of Brexit. And don’t kid yourselves that what these MPs are doing in trying to get rid of Boris is for the good of the country and because they hate that he (but mostly his junior civil servants) broke Covid rules. The fact is Brexit is at the heart of all this. There are many in the party who seven years after Brexit still can’t accept we’ve left the EU and spend every waking moment thinking of ways we can crawl back in. And they’ll try to destroy anyone who gets in the way of that. And Boris IS getting in the way of that. Do I think Boris has made mistakes – hell yes! Do I think his judgement around those boozy gatherings of his junior civil servants has been dismal. Yes, 100 percent. Am I angry with him that he has so carelessly frittered away the loyalty and support shown by so many of us when we sent him into Downing Street in 2019 with an stonking 80-seat majority? Yes, I’m bloody furious! But I do not think the fact that he had half a slice of birthday cake in between meetings on his birthday is reason enough to kick out a Prime Minister during one of the most troubled periods in our history. It would be insanity! Whatever his opponents say Boris has got the big things right – he delivered Brexit. He faced down an unprecedented global pandemic, he was responsible for a fantastic vaccine rollout, this Government paid people to sit at home for 18 months during the pandemic to spare them the pain of not working, the same Government has just given a £15billion bail-out to help people pay rocketing bills.  And his bold strategy in Ukraine isn’t just helping to defeat the invaders, he has inspired governments on the continent to follow his lead in helping Ukraine. How does one Fixed Penalty Notice negate all that? And if they had got rid of Boris this week who are the contenders for the job? Jeremy Hunt – whose nickname is “Theresa May in Trousers (without the charisma) but more fittingly “a pound shop Machiavelli”. Let’s not forget this is the man who nearly wrecked the NHS, the man who during lockdown wanted us to follow the example of China’s zero Covid policy which involved people who’d tested positive being removed from their homes and thrown into isolation hotels for two weeks.  Worse, he’s an arch-Remainer. How the hell could he ever make Brexit work when he’s so vehemently opposed to it? And how much does he care about this country when he’s prepared to destabilise it just so he can get the top job – the job he’s still bitter about losing to Boris in 2019.  According to the latest reports Hunt and his team have been preparing for this week’s vote for more than a year so desperate was he to avenge his defeat in 2019. Imagine someone hanging onto that kind of anger, that kind of hatred. In my opinion, he is a man prepared to destabilise, maybe even wreck a country because he wants to be in charge. And then imagine that man running your country! Hunt stepped up his campaign earlier this year when Rishi Sunak – the only realistic challenger to Boris – fell out of favour thanks to his wife’s tax arrangements. He knew then that the moment to stick the knife in was coming. And this week he saw his chance – and did it! Labour peer and rabid anti-Brexiter Andrew Adonis tweeted on Monday: “If Boris goes Brexit Goes” – and he’s right. Brexit would go. Those anti-democratic politicians who fought tooth and nail to scupper the will of the of the people in 2016 would come crawling out of the woodwork again and beg the EU to take us back – on any terms.  So those voters who might be going to punish Boris in the local elections in the next couple of weeks need to think about that. They also need to remember that many of the candidates lining up for his job are also Remainers – Tobias Ellwood for one who incredibly this week announced that he wanted the UK to re-join the single market.. And there’s more. How are they going to progress Brexit when they hate the very concept of it. And if these rebels end up handing Sir Keir Starmer the keys to Number 10 – which is likely – he’s already said he’ll strike a new deal with the EU. For the last few years, Remainers have bided their time. They never actually went away – they were just waiting for their chance to pounce. And what makes me furious is that Boris’s carelessness has given them that chance because now they’re back with a vengeance. And if Hunt gets the top job we’ll be back in the EU. If Tobias Ellwood gets the job we’ll be back in the EU.   We often hear the phrase “politics is a dirty job” and it is. Time and again we see that politicians don’t really give a stuff about you and me – only power, money and their own ambition. People can say what they like about Boris but whatever he’s done he’s nowhere near as treacherous as the snakes currently trying to oust him And what these snakes have done is launch an all-out war inside the Tory Party at a time it needs to be concentrating on what WE need – not what they want. If Boris has no integrity – then neither have the men and women who have been plotting his downfall for a year. These people don’t care about Britain or what happens to us. Because just like with Brexit, they think they know what’s best for us better than we do. And THAT’s why I’m prepared to give Boris another chance. He’s made stupid mistakes but I don’t believe he’s as Machiavellian as the backstabbers who want his job! 