Manpreet (played by Rebecca Sarker) is currently in Ibiza visiting her daughter following the hellish year she has been put through by her sister, Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). When she does finally return to Emmerdale, she will begin a new chapter of her life, wanting to put the past behind her. However, by the time the ITV soap celebrates its 50th anniversary, it could be writers will be looking to create the biggest impact they can with the audience and this could include finally killing off the beloved character. Not much is known about the show's 50th anniversary special but at the moment, it's been explained there will be a bit of everything for everyone's tasting and there is unlikely to be a live episode. This could be because the size of the drama which will be created cannot physically be done live and will need to be pre-recorded. Given how much bad luck Manpreet has had lately and how she has evaded death so many times, she could be the catalyst behind the action-packed episodes. The actor who plays her love interest Charles Anderson, Kevin Mathurin, has teased a death is on the cards later this year. Kevin explained: "All I can say is Charles is going to have a lot of work to do, and he'll be going around checking on his parishioners, seeing if people are okay and there might be the odd funeral." READ MORE: 'What right does she have?' Fergie's support for Prince Andrew slammed The soap star went on to add his character could be implicated in this death as Charles could be a part of the 50th-anniversary episode. He told The Mirror: "You'll have to check out the 50th anniversary special, that's all I'm going say. I won't say any more." With Meena in prison and no one showcasing any serial killer abilities at the moment, it is unlikely Manpreet could die. However, this is Emmerdale and just about anything could happen, meaning the murderer could make an escape from the prison and return to the village. Blaming her sister for everything that has gone wrong in her life, the villain could want one more head-to-head with Manpreet. Having both been injured in the Woolpack explosion on Christmas Day, something bigger would need to happen to create an impact. It could be Meena gets hold of a massive haulage truck and crashes into one of the houses in the village where Manpreet lives. With the gas boiler in the property destroyed, an explosion could erupt and destroy several other properties at the same time. This could leave many lives in the balance as half of the village is left in wrack and ruin after the explosion. But will Manpreet be the only person who is killed in the anniversary episodes or will Meena claim the life of other characters? DON'T MISS...Charley Webb fears getting into trouble as she teases new role [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Leanna flashes taut abs in tiny crop top amid exit [PICTURES] Whatever happens, it seems Charles will be hugely affected by the events that take place and he will be needing support in the wake of it. Producer for the show, Laura Shaw, spoke about the anniversary episodes earlier this year in an interview with Express.co.uk and other media. The soap boss said: "Of course, we're still planning for our huge 50th golden birthday in the autumn, think we're all really absolutely giddy about it here "It's just a big chance to show everything that we do best, to make sure every single one of our wonderful characters in the show gets a little bit of limelight. "There is definitely going to be something for everyone there and can't really tell you much more about that as obviously, it's a while away." Executive producer Jane Hudson also told Express.co.uk and other media: "We're going to be having a golden month of celebration to mark our 50th. "There are going to be mind-blowing stunts, more heartbreaks, secrets and lies are revealed. It's going to be the gift that keeps on giving and the party no one wants to end. "Our 2022 is very much going to be building our stories for the 50th golden month of celebrations. We need to make this the biggest year we've ever had. "We might see some old faces returning, we're not sure yet. I think there is a lot coming up – the focus is really to celebrate Emmerdale turning 50. "We'll do something epic. There will be an epic stunt because we're well-known for that." "But at the heart of it, the best-loved characters in our show are really going to be tested in some big emotional stories," she added. "It's really key to us that whatever happens in the 50th, the fallout is huge. This will continue and take us into 2023." Could Charles be one of the characters who are tested as he struggles in the aftermath of Manpreet's death? And could it be Meena's imprisonment earlier this year was just allowing a break for the character before being reintroduced to cause carnage once more? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.