Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis may play an active role during the upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The three adorable children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have already attended a number of public events over the past few years. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** However, royal commentator Martin Townsend believes the Jubilee could present the opportunity to further introduce the children to royal work. The senior specialist partner at Pagefield communication noted the royal children always manage to hit the front page due to their adorable nature and the attention they receive from the public. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he added: "Whether they are officially involved or not, they have the tendency to attract the cameras by being up to something or with certain expressions on their faces. "So whatever happens, the children will be right there in the centre of it all, there will be lots of pictures of them. "I don't know whether they will get them to do anything, but I suppose they are getting to the age now where they got to begin to think about royal duties so they may use the Jubilee to get them into the habit of following a few rules and doing a few things, to make the event a success." The former editor of the Sunday Express continued: "It is a family, one of the things the children emphasises is that the Royal Family has a bright future ahead. "All of the young people in the Royal Family are pretty vital and interesting." Kate and Prince William's three children are widely expected to appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the RAF flypast on June 2. READ MORE: The Queen grew up in a 'palace with a number and no name' - see inside But they have also been rumoured to be possibly playing a more active role during Trooping the Colour this year, by making their debut on the carriage drive leading up to the Palace prior to stepping onto the balcony. Prince William was aged four, much like Louis today, when he first took part in the Trooping the Colour parade. All the three Cambridges children have appeared on the balcony of the Queen's London on Trooping the Colour days in past years, with little Louis making his debut in 2019. On the other hand, the four-year-old has yet to attend a major event such as a service of thanksgiving. The perfect occasion for him to make his debut at a similar engagement will happen on June 3, when most members of the Firm, including non-working royals, will head to St Paul's Cathedral for the service of thanksgiving for the Queen's life and reign. Princess Charlotte and Prince George already debuted at a key royal service on Christmas Day 2019, when they headed to St Mary Magdalene Church in Norfolk with their parents. In March, they also attended the memorial service for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. And in April they attended the Easter Sunday service alongside Kate, William and other royals at St George's Chapel in Windsor. The royal children may also make an appearance on June 5, during the Platinum Jubilee Pageant taking place through central London. Prince George is also reportedly to take the centre stage as Jubilee celebrations come to a close on Sunday. Over the past weekend, the Mirror wrote the Queen is planning a second balcony appearance to showcase the future of the monarchy. This would see only herself, her three heirs and the Duchesses of Cornwall and Cambridge stepping out of the Palace. The report added Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis may also appear, but their presence is likely to be confirmed on the day. A royal source said: "Her Majesty believes it will send a strong message to the world, that despite the family’s trials and tribulations over the past few years, those at the very top are united in getting on with the job, sharing her sense of duty and dedication to serving the people of this country and the Commonwealth." While the attendance of the Cambridges' children to various events has yet to be confirmed, Kate and William are known to be playing a central role during the upcoming weekend. Among other duties, on Saturday they will travel to Wales to celebrate the Jubilee with locals.