Motorists across the UK have been feeling the brunt of the fuel crisis for several months now. And, with the rise in the prices of petrol and diesel not showing any signs of slowing down, car owners will look for fuel-saving tips that can save them some money. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers will have to pay 187.51p per litre of petrol and 194.17 for a litre of diesel. Interestingly, for the first time in a while, the forecast predicts that the price of petrol will remain the same for the time being. However, that is not the case for the price of diesel, which is still expected to rise. With the cost of buying fuel remaining at record highs, motorists are likely to keep practicing fuel-saving techniques. READ MORE: Drivers urged to check their sunglasses for a specific number While some of them could be dangerous, others are effective and do not pose any risks. One of the safe tricks that drivers have up their sleeves is cruise control. Drivers have been urged by experts to use cruise control as it can save between seven and 14 percent on fuel thanks to its ability to maintain a continuous speed. However, motorists should only use cruise control on motorways or fast-moving roads where the speeds are steady. DON'T MISS Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption [REVEAL] Fuel-saving tricks drivers should avoid at all cost [INSIGHT] Boy racers use 'road closed' signs to stage street races [SHOCKING] Constant acceleration and deceleration will result in a much worse fuel economy. Cruise control helps to keep the car travelling at a steady speed and makes sure that the acceleration is gentle, but there is a best time to use it. The RAC said: “Cruise control only aids fuel economy when driving on a constant flat surface, hence why it is usually best reserved for motorway driving. “One of the keys to saving fuel is driving at a constant speed, cruise control can do this effectively on flat surfaces, making your driving as fuel-efficient as possible by negating unnecessary acceleration. “However, if you were to use your cruise control regularly, not on flat roads, you would encounter problems that would increase your fuel consumption. “This is because your cruise control would be slower to react to gradient changes, meaning when reaching the brow of a hill – at which point you would normally take your foot off the accelerator to maintain more of a constant speed when descending – your cruise control will keep the power on for a little longer as it’s unable to see the gradient change in front of you. Driving in this way regularly would lead to worse fuel consumption. “Interestingly, the most fuel-efficient roads in the country are not quiet extra-urban dual carriageways or 20mph city streets, they are motorways. “This is where you can leave the car in top gear and gently cruise along, using minimal fuel.” Speaking about the current situation at the pumps Simon Williams, the RAC fuel spokesperson, said: “More radical Government intervention is urgently needed, whether that’s in the form of a further reduction in fuel duty or a VAT cut. “As it is, drivers surely won’t be able to cope unless something is done to help. “This is fast becoming a national crisis for the country’s 32 million car drivers as well as countless businesses.” The AA fuel price spokesperson, Luke Bosdet, added: “Shock and awe is the only way to describe what has been happening at the pumps. “The forces behind the surge have been oil jumping back above £99 a barrel for the first time since late March, combined with petrol commodity prices being boosted by summer motoring demand.”