The senior royals are expected to make another appearance today (Friday, June 3) for the Thanksgiving Service held at St Paul’s - despite the Queen not in attendance herself. It was during an event a few years ago that the Duchess missed out on, that started to raise suspicion from the public. Spotted not playing in a polo match, the Duchess opened up to Australian author Kathy Lette revealing that the reason she could not partake was due to her allergy to horses. Two years later, sources spoke again of the royal’s crippling allergies and how she was trying to overcome them in order to take part in a beloved royal family tradition.  "I'm allergic to horses,” the Duchess is reported to have said to Lette during the polo match, before adding: “But the more time one spends with them the less allergic you become'." Lette revealed more of her conversation with the Duchess, sharing that the royal said she wishes to play polo one day and was attempting to rid herself of the allergy through exposure - known as immunotherapy. Since the conversation with Lette, the royal has been spotted quite close to the animals, the most recent during a polo match back in 2019 where she held Prince Louis, who reached out to touch the animal. Could this mean that she has successfully overcome the allergy that kept her on the sidelines for so long? Animal allergies are usually caused by a reaction to the proteins found in an animal's skin cells, saliva or urine. They are most often triggered by exposure to the dead flakes of skin, also known as dander, that an animal sheds or which are released when stroked.  READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Study concludes ‘excessive’ intake of a type of vegetable may increase risk These symptoms will usually start “within minutes” of exposure to the trigger, but some people also experienced delayed symptoms - late phase response - making it harder for them to realise the source of their symptoms. If an individual is unsure that they have an allergy, or it remains undiagnosed, it can prove to become severe and cause disruption in an individual's life. This is especially true for those who already suffer from conditions such as asthma, eczema and rhinitis. Therefore, seeking help from a GP, who will be able to confirm or exclude an animal allergy is recommended. In some cases individuals will be required to have a blood test, which examines a specific reaction to a certain animal. In order to try and tackle her allergy, the Duchess aimed to “spend more time” with the animals, a tactic known to the NHS as immunotherapy.  Allergy UK explains that allergy-specific immunotherapy may be appropriate for some individuals who have a moderate to severe animal induced allergy. However, it requires assessment and referral from a GP before being attempted. The technique is most often used in exceptional circumstances only where there is a clear impact on quality of life. For example a vet that has developed an allergy to dogs, or in the royal’s case, which stops her from attending public events. Also referred to as “desensitisation” immunotherapy can sometimes involve the administration of increasing doses of allergen extract over a period of time. This is given to individuals via injection or drops which are placed under the tongue - although it is not known whether the Duchess goes to this extent. For some this therapy can take several years, and may not be able to cure the allergy completely, but aims to make symptoms milder. The NHS comments: “The aim of treatment is to help your body get used to the allergen so it does not react to it so severely.”  Research from 2017, which examined the effectiveness of immunotherapy for animal allergies in particular found the following: “Allergen immunotherapy in pet allergy suggests that it can be effective in reducing allergic symptoms. “However, the low number of high-quality randomised controlled trials of allergen immunotherapy in pet allergy warrants for further investigations.” For those who do not want to try immunotherapy, there are various other ways in which an animal allergy can be managed. Allergy UK advises that the main thing when outside of the home is to avoid contact with the relevant animals. If exposure is likely or unavoidable, individuals should take antihistamine tablets for a few days before exposure and make sure conditions such as asthma are well controlled. Other tips for managing animal allergies outside of the home include: 