The Conservative MP appeared on Good Morning Britain via video link to discuss what the government was going to do to help struggling families. The segment quickly took a turn when Susanna Reid put pressure on Victoria Prentis to answer why the government ditched the free school meals scheme. When asked about what the government was doing to help, the MP explained: "Well, we're continuing to bring in a range of measures to help people both with their personal spending. "The chancellor has announced £37billion of targeted spending to help people who are struggling with costs. "And in business terms, we need to make sure that we have a complete range of measures targeted for each industry to enable them to deal with these rising costs as well which are very problematic." Reid weighed in: "Now the person who led the review into this Henry Dimbleby... very disappointed. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series "He'd said the cost of living crisis meant there was even more need for free school meals than when he produced his plan, which called for up to 1.5 million more children in England to receive free school meals. We're not going to do that, are you?" "Well, I would take issue with Henry's response to our strategy today," Prentis replied. "I speak to him very regularly and work with him very closely and he told me that he was very pleased with the strategy we've already implemented over half the recommendations that he's made..." "I am sorry, we are talking about the cost of living," Reid interrupted. "Inflation, family budgets, and free school meals. "Now the recommendation was to extend free school meals to more families to at least a million more families. The point is you're not implementing that, are you?" She went on to rage: "You can talk about environmental standards, that's not my question." However, as Reid continued to interrupt, Prentis fumed a number of times for the GMB host to "let me say" throughout the fiery debate. "I'm absolutely happy to go wherever you want to go," Prentishit back. "But it was the fact that you were talking about Henry's response, which I was trying to reply to. I think it's important that we recognise that food is really important to all of us, and that it cuts across government departments. DON'T MISS...NCIS LA’s Chris O’Donnell recalls moment wife almost got him ‘fired' [INSIGHT]Sherwood creator admits filming for BBC series ‘shut down’ [NEWS]Emmerdale’s Meena Jutla star Paige Sandhu teases return for villain [VIDEO] "So there are a range of measures in this strategy today to deal with the environmental matters I was talking about, but obviously other government departments will need to deal with the school meals side of the equation and also the health side of the equation. "On school meals, which you were asking me about specifically, I work very closely with the Department for Education and the Children's minister on how best to spend the resources we've got in order to help those who are really struggling with the cost of living." The MP went on to speak about how the government helped struggling families during the pandemic. "During the pandemic, the government gave an uplift of Universal Credit of £20 a week, which worked out as £1,000 a year," Reid pointed out. "So that's a way and you are not extending free school meals to families on Universal Credit. How would that not be targeted? I mean, that seems like the perfect target and support for people struggling." As Prentis tried to answer the question, the host cut in: "You're not extending to families on Universal Credit..." "Would you let me say, please?" the MP fumed. "That it's really important to remember that those who struggle with food poverty at the moment, are not just those with children." "Are you saying families on Universal Credit don't really need the help?" Reid questioned. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.