William and Kate were joined by George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, seven, for the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace last night. In a sweet moment caught on camera, the Duke of Cambridge and his son sang along to Sir Rod Stewart's rendition of Sweet Caroline while waving Union flags. The clip prompted delight from royal fans on social media. One Twitter user with the handle @PennyJEdwards said: "Seeing Prince George sing Sweet Caroline might just be one of my favourite things this year." Another, @angedunne8, wrote: "This is everything." A third, @NaomiSky_15, commented: "What a double act each has his own part #DukeofCambridge #PrinceGeorge." Another user with the handle @DuchessIzzy gushed: "Love this! William exuding such dad vibes while George is being his relaxed soon-to-be-9 self!" A fifth, @samthewisewitch, tweeted: "I love this so much." One more, @corpheart1, added: "Little cutie trying to follow dad!" George was a mini-me of his father in a suit and tie for the concert outside Buckingham Palace. READ MORE: Meghan's hairdresser opens up on what Archie and Lilibet are like He and Charlotte sat in between William and Kate in the front row of the royal box. The youngsters stayed up late to make a surprise appearance at the two-and-a-half-hour event. There was a patriotic display from the Cambridges, with Kate in white, Charlotte in red, and William and George in blue outfits. The family appeared to enjoy the show on the third day of the bank holiday weekend celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee as they clapped along. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan 'put in their place' at Jubilee service [INSIGHT]Prince William ‘knows how to be discreet’ – Duke praised [ANALYSIS]Queen's Paddington skit left royals open-mouthed 'Family didn't know' [VIDEO] William was spotted singing along to Jason Donovan's rendition of Any Dream Will Do from Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. The future King belted out the words: "May I return...to the beginning." Meanwhile, Kate was seen bopping to Queen + Adam Lambert's spectacular performance. The party was the latest appearance in a busy extended weekend for the Cambridge children. Earlier on Saturday, George and Charlotte joined their parents on a trip to Cardiff Castle in Wales. And on Thursday, four-year-old Prince Louis stole the show at Trooping the Colour as he put on an animated display on the balcony during the flypast. 