The Duchess of Cambridge hosted this morning a roundtable discussion with a number of experts in the early childhood development sector as well as high-ranking politicians. The focus of the meeting was on sharing with Government officials the results of a nationwide survey and showing there is a "real appetite" to see children's mental health being prioritised. However, royal commentator Christopher Wilson believes it's "extremely unwise" for a young royal such as Kate to hold a meeting with politicians. He wrote on Twitter: "With the greatest respect, in the present climate it's extremely unwise for young royals to be sitting down with politicians, however good the cause. "Good work can be achieved without involving MPs and ministers." Among the key Government officials who sat down with Kate today there was Health Secretary Sajid Javid. During the roundtable discussion, the experts took a look at an Ipsos survey carried out on behalf of the Centre for Early Childhood, launched by the Duchess last summer. Among the poll's findings, the poll discovered that 55 percent of the 4,682 adults surveyed recognised that future mental health is the most likely part of adult life to be affected by early years’ experience. Moreover, seven in 10 people surveyed thought a focus on early development and mental health should be more of a priority for society. Kate said: "Our experiences in early childhood fundamentally impact our whole life and set the foundation for how we go on to thrive as individuals, with one another, as a community and as a society. READ MORE: Royal Family must work to preserve ‘magic of monarchy’ "The findings published today present us with a huge opportunity and demonstrate there is real appetite from the public to bring this issue up on all of our agendas. "There is more we can all do – every member of society can play a key role, whether that is directly with a child or by investing in the adults around them – the parents, the carers, the early years workforce and more. She will add: "If we come together to raise the importance of early childhood development, we’ll soon see that healthy, happy individuals make for a healthier, happier world. "Which is why every second we spend with a child is an investment in our collective future." Kate has been spearheading the Royal Foundation's work on the early years for several years. After deepening her own understanding on the topic, Kate created a steering group with experts, with the goal to look at ways to make a positive difference in the lives of children. In January 2020, she promoted a major survey, 5 Big Questions on the Under-Fives, to look into how important Britons think the first five years of life are for the development of children. The results, alongside experts' research and case studies, were unveiled in November 2020, during an online forum hosted by the Royal Foundation. In her keynote speech at the forum, Kate stressed how the early childhood development isn't an issue concerning only mothers such as her, but the nation as a whole, as the wellbeing of today's children will help shape tomorrow's society. Last summer, she launched the Centre for Early Childhood to carry out her legacy-making job on the topic. And in June 2021 she joined forces with US First Lady Jill Biden to pen a comment piece, in which they pledged to collaborate across border to "shift how our countries approach the earliest years of life". They wrote for the CNN: "If we care about how children perform at school, how they succeed in their careers when they are older, and about their lifelong mental and physical health, then we have to care about how we are nurturing their brains, their experiences and relationships in the early years before school." They also said: "This issue should matter to parents and non-parents alike. "We can all do our part by valuing the role of mothers, fathers and caregivers. "If we want strong economies and strong societies, we need to make sure that those raising and caring for children get the support they need." As part of her work, in February Kate also visited Copenhagen in a key solo visit focused on learning more about the Danish world-leading approach to early childhood development.