At least 39 men and 12 women, most of whom were citizens of Mexico, were found dead in an industrial area on the outskirts of San Antonio. They were found in the back of an abandoned sweltering tractor-trailer truck some 160miles away from the US-Mexico border. Temperatures teetered towards 40C and local authorities said there were no signs of water or visible means of air-conditioning inside the truck. Craig Larrabee, an acting special agent in charge of the investigative arm of the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), claimed the incident was the greatest loss of life on record from a human trafficking attempt in the United States. According to court documents and American authorities, Mexican citizens Juan Francisco D'Luna-Bilbao and Juan Claudio D'Luna-Mendez have been charged with possessing firearms while residing in the US. A third suspect, who is believed to be an American citizen and driver of the truck, has been taken into custody. JUST IN: French economy in chaos as public debt soars to 114% of GDP - could get 'out of control' A Mexican official has claimed he was still hospitalised as of Tuesday evening but is expected to be charged. Joe Biden has faced criticism following the incident. However, the 79-year-old US President called it "horrifying and heartbreaking". He added: "Exploiting vulnerable individuals for profit is shameful." READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin rocked as intercepted comms show 'elite' wiped out Mr Biden even vowed to crack down on multibillion-dollar criminal smuggling enterprises that have helped fuel a record number of migrant crossings. Immigration, which played a significant role in Donald Trump's 2016 Presidential Election campaign, has returned as an electoral issue in the US as the number of migrants crossing the Mexican border continues to increase year-on-year. US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) recorded 239,416 encounters in May 2022, taking the year's overall figure to 1,536,899. The number is already nearing the 1,734,686 who crossed in 2021. DON'T MISS'Will also be destroyed' Putin’s nuclear threats to backfire on Russia [COMMENTS]Putin sends in old men and reserves as Russia 'running low on leaders' [REPORT]Erdogan could be about to pull rug from under Russia after NATO talks [LATEST]