Elvis Presley made a load of bad movies, but a few of them are true classics with Viva Las Vegas – which is on BBC Two this afternoon at 1pm – being perhaps the greatest of all. Back in 1963, The King met his match in co-star Ann-Margret, who was seen as the female answer to the music icon and the duo soon hit it off after he soon got over his initial shyness. Speaking with the Las Vegas Review-Journal last year, Ann-Margret shared: “This sounds weird, but I had never seen him perform before I did the movie. I know that’s hard to believe. We just found out we were very much alike. We were both very shy, but then you become this other person when you are performing.” The result for her was, "one of the happiest times of my life”. Ann-Margret continued: “We were friends for a long time, EP and I. We met on the movie, we had several things in common, including a love for Las Vegas. We dated, and we just had a great time together. What can I say? Yes, certainly admired and respected him. We were a lot alike and made a great movie together.” Above all, they bonded over their shared love of music, which led to them into a spontaneous and strange performance. Ann-Margret admitted: “Music ignited a fiery pent-up passion inside Elvis and inside me. It was an odd, embarrassing, funny, inspiring, and wonderful sensation. We looked at each other move and saw virtual mirror images.” Alongside The King, the Viva Las Vegas leading lady got on so well with his Memphis Mafia that they started to nickname her by her character’s name Rusty. According to Peter Guralnick’s Careless Love: The Unmaking of Elvis Presley, one night the two stars spontaneously decided to sing Jimmy Reed’s Baby What You Want Me to Do in a bizarre way for the guys who were watching TV. DON'T MISSElvis and Viva Las Vegas director battled over Ann-Margret [VIVA LAS VEGAS]Elvis Presley 'captured Ann-Margret's heart' - 'He truly trusted me' [ANN-MARGRET]Elvis: Viva Las Vegas' Ann-Margret 'Our love was uncontrollable force' [ANN-MARGRET] Ann-Margret remembered: “We snuck out of the living room. Then, without warning, he pushed open the big double glass doors. Everyone turned and looked. We were both on the ground, stretched out like cats, and in a husky growl he sang, ‘You got me runnin’.’ I answered in a similar voice, ‘You got me hidin’.’ As we traded lyrics, we crawled across the carpeted room in time with the music while everyone clapped and laughed.”