Liverpool have reportedly rejected Bayern Munich's opening offer for Sadio Mane, which falls £15million short of their valuation of the player. The Bundesliga champions are officially at the table for the Senegal international and have chanced their arm with a bid worth up to £25m.  Mane is out of contract at Anfield in 2023 and has already communicated that he would like to seek a new challenge ahead of the 2022/23 season. According to The Times, Liverpool have now rejected Bayern Munich's proposal - made up of £21m up front and £4m in add-ons. The Reds are seeking closer to £40m in order to agree to a sale meaning Bayern will have to return with a second bid if they are to get a deal over the line. They are in a strong position to land Mane though given that the winger is keen to move to the Allianz Arena after six years on Merseyside. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Not only that but as of now, Bayern are the only team in the running for the 30-year-old. Liverpool had been keen to tie Mane down to a new contract but talks have failed to get off the ground, prompting the forward to explore alternative avenues. Mane has been forced to backtrack on comments in which he acknowledged that 60-70 percent of Senegal fans want him to leave Liverpool, according to an online poll. “Like everyone else, I'm on social media and I see the comments,” Mane told reporters. READ MORELiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting “Isn't it between 60 to 70 per cent of Senegalese want me to leave Liverpool? I will do what they want. We will see soon. Don't be in a hurry because we will see this together.” Mane netted a hat-trick for his country in Senegal's 3-1 win over Benin on Saturday. Speaking after the game, he acknowledged that his previous comments had landed him in hot water back on Merseyside. "I spoke yesterday while joking with a bit of humour and it was everywhere," he said. "I think we'll stop there. "Liverpool is a club I respect a lot. The fans adopted me since day one. Regarding the future, we'll see." Jurgen Klopp wants to sign a replacement for Mane before sanctioning the player's exit. The Reds have been credited with interest in the likes of Darwin Nunez, Raphinha and Jarrod Bowen in recent transfer windows. A new forward is now thought to be at the top of their agenda ahead of the summer transfer window.