Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with more than four million followers on Instagram. She rocketed to fame after sharing her top cleaning tips and tricks with other cleaning enthusiasts, creating a community of cleaning lovers. Mrs Hinch is so popular that her fans have created Facebook pages in her honour. On one Facebook page, with more than 600,000 followers, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to clean her floors. Sophie T-Law wrote: “I am currently using this on our floors but it’s leaving them sticky. Is there anything else I can use on a daily basis that doesn’t leave the floor sticky? We use it in a spray mop.” The product Sophie was referring to was Flash’s Wood Floor cleaner. READ MORE: How to ‘immediately’ increase your property value by 10-15 percent Fortunately, the post was inundated with comments and many other Mrs Hinch fans offered their best advice. Kristen Allsop’s advice was unique, but simple. She said: “As weird as it sounds, I used to use boiled water mixed with bit of solution and also a bit of fabric conditioner but only tried it on tiled floor but going to try it on my laminate flooring later.” Samantha Waitting wrote: “I’ve got laminate and mop with dishwasher tab and hot water. I stopped using cleaner cos it was such a build-up of product and horrid. My floors are so much cleaner now and no residue. I also pop a splash of Zoflora so they smell nice weekly.” Shannon Jayne agreed. She commented: “I either use a dishwasher tablet and drop of Zoflora or the French soap by flash with my spin mop.” DON'T MISS: Protect gardens from slugs using 14p ‘homemade spray’ - ‘so effective’ [COMMENT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to ‘transform’ roses - keeps them ‘alive’ [EXPERT]Gardening tips: Use eggshell trick as ‘fantastic fertiliser’ to plants [TIPS] Elizabeth Pope advised: “Method cleaner smells great. I get the rhubarb one.” Zoe Crofts also recommended this product. She wrote: “Method floor cleaner is excellent.” Ashling Fay said: “Depending on the floors, I just use really hot water and a dash of bleach, and Zoflora, smell amazing.” Tracy Stone wrote: “I use Method wood floor cleaner. Doesn’t leave it sticky, you don’t need much.” Other Mrs Hinch fans noted that Sophie might be using too much of Flash’s Wood Cleaner. They advised that she dilute it with water first. Melissa Chouhan wrote: “This stuff is amazing, we have solid wooden floor. Try using boiling water in your mix.” Kate Bewley said: “Probably not diluted enough. It’s not meant to be used neat.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Nikki Jackson said: “I think using the spray mop is your issue. It should be used in a bucket of warm water.” Jacky Dca recommended using Flash but adding a staple household product. She said: “I use the Flash floor with bicarbonate soda. Smells good too.” Keeley Jolliffe wrote: “I just use hot washing up water on my wood floor. Leaves no residue. I have porcelain tiles in my kitchen and it leaves them shining.” Julie Lee added that the best solution is “lemon juice and bicarbonate of soda in water.”