The prospect of a dream clash between Roger Federer and Carlos Alcaraz has moved a step closer with both set to play at the Swiss Indoors Basel event. The two stars are at opposite ends of the spectrum in their careers, with Federer, 40, still out of action after undergoing a third bout of knee surgery last August. During his absence Alcaraz, 19, has emerged as a rising star of the sport. The Spaniard won his first ATP Tour event by capturing the Rio Open, and backed up that form by also claiming the Miami Open. He then broke into the world's top-10 by winning the Barcelona Open. His superb run continued in Madrid, where he became the first teenager to beat Rafael Nadal on clay, and also toppled Novak Djokovic and Alexander Zverev en route to another title. It made him one of the favourites for the recent French Open, but the No 6 seed was defeated in the quarter-finals by Zverev. It left fans ruing the enforced absence of Federer, denying them the potential of a mouth-watering match between the young protege and old master. Indeed, pundit Annabel Croft said on Eurosport: "It’s a shame that he’s not playing at the moment because he’s had this knee surgery and we’re not quite sure when he’s back. He is aiming to come back in September or October time and I think he would have loved to have taken him on. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal's doctor speaks out on 'rare' injury and gives expected return timeline “I mean of course he is older and it will be difficult for him because he never had a chance to face him. I’m sure he would be sad if he never has the chance to face him and see what would happen.” Well now both players may have the chance, after journalist Simon Haring posted on Twitter: "The Swiss Indoors Basel (22-30 October) just announced, that Carlos Alcaraz will play the Tournament for the first time. Roger Federer scheduled to play his home tournament as well." DON'T MISS:Emma Raducanu will make Wimbledon return but injury set to scupper warm-up plansBritish tennis star provisionally suspended from all tournaments after failing drugs testEmma Raducanu's team questioned by Judy Murray after latest injury blow - 'At what cost?' Federer, who was won 20 Grand Slam titles, has won his home tournament 10 times. That includes the last three occasions in 2017, 2018, and 2019 - before the event was scuppered for two years because of the Covid-19 pandemic. The announcement has already got tennis fans excited, with @damianjbyrne responding to Haring's tweet with "Federer v Alcaraz? Yes please..."  @calv_hill added: "Would LOVE to see Fed vs Carlos" while @StarRabbid posted: "How exciting! I wanted a battle of Federer vs Alcaraz!"