Emmerdale welcomed actor Shaun Thomas into the fold back in 2018 as the cellmate of Lachlan White (played by Tom Atkinson), Gerry Roberts. Their friendship blossomed behind bars and continued when they were both released from prison with Gerry moving to the countryside. Sadly, his story didn't end well in the drama, with him taking his final bow almost two years later. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about actor Shaun Thomas' whereabouts following his ITV soap stint. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale.Gerry Roberts actor Shaun Thomas first made his appearance in Emmerdale in 2017 while him and Lachlan were in prison. They grew closer on the outside world and fans started to really like Gerry after striking up a friendship with Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele). But his time in Emmerdale was short-lived as Lachlan killed Gerry by bashing his head in with a brick at the B&B. He killed his former friend after finding out the horrifying truth that Gerry had organised the deaths of his mum Chrissie (Louise Marwood) and grandad Lawrence (John Bowe). READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' At the time of his exit, actor Thomas stated that it wasn't his decision to leave the soap. "It were a shock because I was only meant to come here for two episodes in the prison scenes with Lachlan, and then I ended up staying here for a year and a half," Thomas told Metro.co.uk. "So I really got used to being around everybody and making a connection with everybody. "And then to be told that it would be coming to an end, it were pretty upsetting." Thankfully, Thomas' departure from Emmerdale didn't mean the end of his acting career altogether. After a few years away, the 25-year-old returned to TV as Bruno Wilding in an episode of BBC One's medical drama Casualty. Also in 2021, Thomas featured in the romantic drama movie Ali & Ava which is now available to watch on Netflix. His other biggest part came earlier this year in the BBC true-crime drama Four Lives. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [CAST]Emmerdale fans rumble Chloe Harris revenge twist as father arrives  [REACTION] From 2019, Thomas also won himself a role in the coming-of-age comedy Ladhood, alongside actors Oscar Kennedy and Liam Williams. The former Emmerdale star was Tom Cragg for a total of 17 episodes in Ladhood, featuring in the third series which came out earlier this year. Prior to his time in the ITV long-running series, the actor did feature in a few films as well. Thomas was in Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children as teenage beatboxer Dylan. He starred with actress Judie Dench, Samuel L Jackson and Sex Education's Asa Butterfield. He had also been in The Brothers Grimsby and The Selfish Giant. Going by his IMDb page, Thomas hasn't got any other projects lined up just yet. Emmerdale continues every Monday, Wednesday and Thursday, at 7.30pm on ITV.