In today's society, people are busier than ever and not everyone has the time to whip up a nutritious healthy meal every evening when they get home from work. A survey conducted by smart food innovator yfood, found that the nation is "too busy" to eat, with 16 percent not having enough time during the week to do a full food shop. yfood CEO and founder Noel Bollman, said: "Healthy eating can be difficult, especially when on the go, because of lack of accessibility to good quality food. "We actually did some research recently that found that over 40 percent of Brits only eat junk food when they are out and about which is unsurprising given the raft of options we have access to now." So he and his experts outlined some easy ways to eat healthy in no time. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Try cooking more than you need and freeze the extra portions for another day There are many advantages to bulk cooking. It’s typically cheaper and causes less wastage than buying individual ingredients for different meals across the week. "It’s also very convenient," experts explained. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "On nights when you’re home late, or too tired to cook from scratch, you can pull something out of the freezer and heat it up." They are quick to prepare and they count towards the five-a-day target. The experts said: "Stocking up on canned and frozen goods such as beans, chopped vegetables and fruits is an easy way of ensuring you eat you eat your five a day, whilst not having to worry about the food going off." If a person doesn't have time to have lunch, a healthy snack could suffice. Experts suggest opting for raw vegetables such as carrots and celery. Some of these can even be bought already pre-cut, requiring little to any preparation. yfood experts revealed this method is a "healthy and quick way" to cook vegetables and fish. Steam-cooking retains many of the vitamins and minerals found in vegetables for instance, that would otherwise be lost in other more conventional methods of cooking. It also doesn't require oil or smoke, meaning cleaning up is easy.