The Queen will be marking her 70th year on the throne with four days of celebrations across the country, starting off with Trooping the Colour on Thursday. Despite the success of her reign, Her Majesty has been plagued by a series of personal struggles in recent years, including the scandal surrounding her son Prince Andrew and the departure of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. But Daily Mirror's Royal Editor Russell Myers suggested the Queen insisted she "doesn't want anything to distract" from the celebrations and the reunion of the Royal Family. Mr Myers told Lorraine: "There's been an awful lot of controversy in the Royal Family over the last few months. "Not only because of Harry and Meghan and the way they left the Royal Family "Prince Andrew has been booted out of the Royal Family in disgrace and that was a huge problem for the Queen. "She decided that it was only working members of her family - we're going to see Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Cambridges, their children, the Wessexes." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan WILL attend Trooping the Colour as Prince Charles stands in for Queen He continued: "That sort of vibe, it'll be a bit of a slimmed-down version. "However, this is going to be the first time we're going to see Harry and Meghan because they jetted in from California yesterday. "Obviously a lot of controversy surrounding them, however, I definitely think this is a period for family. "And the Queen is leading from the front saying she doesn't want anything to distract from the actual celebrations. READ MORE: Queen bumps Palace staff salary 5% amid crippling cost of living crisis 'Felt appropriate' "This is about everybody coming together and all about friends and family and having a good time." While the Queen is expected to have only 18 Royal Family members join her on Buckingham Palace's balcony, more members will take part in the wider celebrations over the next four days. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, along with the Prince of Wales, Duke of Cambridge, and Duke of York, will attend a thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. The family was last all together at the 2021 funeral of Prince Philip but social distancing rules in place at the time limited their reunion. DON'T MISS: Armed police storm London high street after major incident [EXPLAINER]Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal [NEWS]Jubilee row explodes as Harry and Meghan told they are 'NOT welcome' [INSIGHT] Thousands of people draped in Union Jack flags, party hats and plastic tiaras lined the Mall in the warm sunshine to watch the Trooping the Colour. Some of those at the front brought camping chairs, having arrived as early as 8pm on Wednesday to get the best spot. Spirits were high among the crowds as members of the public chatted and joked with police maintaining the perimeter. Several handmade signs hung over the barriers, with one simply saying, "thank you".