A balanced diet is so important because it supplies nutrients the body needs to work effectively. Without balanced nutrition, your body is more prone to disease, infection, fatigue, and low performance. There are seven "essential" factors for a balanced diet - carbs, protein, fat, fibre, vitamins, minerals and water. And it's crucial for a person to ensure they are consuming vital nutrients. These nutrients must be consumed through dietary sources to maintain ideal health standards. Leading nutritionist Jenny Tschiesche, revealed her top three tips to maintain a healthier lifestyle. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Think of a plate of food as split into 25 percent carbohydrate, 25 percent protein and 50 percent non-starchy vegetables. Healthy high-carb foods Quinoa Oats Buckwheat Bananas Sweet potatoes Beets Oranges Blueberries Good protein sources Seafood White-meat poultry Milk, cheese and yoghurt Eggs Beans Pork tenderloin Soy DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Good protein sources Seafood White-meat poultry Milk, cheese and yogurt Eggs Beans Pork tenderloin Soy Lean beef Common non-starchy vegetables Amaranth or Chinese spinach Artichoke Artichoke hearts Asparagus Baby corn Bamboo shoots Beans Bean sprouts Try and eat a variety of colours when it comes to fruit and vegetables. A lack of green leafy vegetables is common and yet that is an opportunity for a great variety of important nutrients missed. New research conducted by KIND Snacks revealed only 27 percent of adults aged 19-64 actually do so. A diet rich in vegetables and fruits can have numerous health benefits, such as lower blood pressure, reduce the risk of heart disease and stroke, prevent some types of cancer, lower risk of eye and digestive problems and have a positive effect upon blood sugar, which can help keep appetite in check and aid weight loss. Sleep is an essential function that allows your body and mind to recharge. And Jenny noted that the connection between sleep and hormones related to both hunger and satiety is now very clear. Those lacking sufficient sleep are not only hungrier but also less satisfied by the food they eat. The NHS also has a list of key things people should be doing in order to maintain a balanced diet. They include: Base your meals on higher fibre starchy carbohydrates Eat lots of fruit and veg Eat more fish, including a portion of oily fish Cut down on saturated fat and sugar Eat less salt: no more than 6g a day for adults Get active and be a healthy weight Drink water Don't skip breakfast