Many stars including Geri Halliwell, 49, Dolly Parton and Michael Buble were shown in pre-recorded messages leaving tributes to the Queen during her Platinum Jubilee concert. The former Spice Girl sparked concern during her segment, with viewers commenting on her appearance. Geri featured on this evening's Platinum Party prior to the concert performances. The singer spoke very slowly as she left her tribute to the Queen. She said: "Our Queen, kind, loving, strong, serving our country, the Commonwealth. "Uniting us all together. Always putting others before yourself. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction "You're truly inspirational. Beautiful inside and out. We thank you, we love you." Many social media users rushed to Twitter to share their opinion on Geri's "weird" appearance on the BBC show. K_louise123 said: "Um, that was super weird from Geri Halliwell... #PlatinumJubilee #platinumpartyathepalace." (sic) Dubstep1988 commented: "Geri Horner has gone from Ginger Spice to Cringer Spice #PlatinumPartyAtThePalace." Geri took to Instagram to share a throwback picture of when she met the Queen this week in tribute to the Platinum Jubilee. The special Platinum Jubilee post featured Geri’s bandmates waiting in line for Her Majesty to greet them. The glowing monarch could be seen holding a bouquet of flowers as she shook Ginger Spice’s hand in the unearthed photograph. DON'T MISS... Richard E Grant reflects on 'navigating grief' after wife's death [COMMENT] Bradley Walsh's wife Donna showcases stunning figure in pink bikini [PICS] Sam Ryder leaves fans stunned at Platinum Jubilee concert [PLATINUM JUBILEE] Geri dazzled in a sparkly white dress which featured a sweetheart cleavage and spaghetti straps. In the post’s caption, Geri commended the Queen for her "inspirational leadership" in view of her 1.2 million followers. She penned: "HRH, our Queen 's 70 years of service and inspirational leadership." Many social media users took to the comments to compliment Geri on the picture, as well as discuss the Platinum Jubilee. Ralene360 said: "There will never be another monarch like her." Bgd_25 added: "It's that you were unapologetically yourselves that made this moment so much more amazing." Niniemoka commented: "I would love to see the Spice Girls perform as a band for the Jubilee concert." The Platinum Jubilee concert is on BBC One now