Rita (played by Barbara Knox) decided to nip to the Rovers Return with Cathy Matthews (Melanie Hill) and Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) in the latest instalment of Coronation Street. The trio of ITV soap veterans sat down to talk about Cathy possibly moving to Cornwall with Brian Packham (Peter Gunn) as he feels it's time to move on from the cobbles. Offering her advice on the situation, Rita seemed to hint she too would be looking to spread her wings in the future. Sitting around eating their hotpots, Cathy said to her friends: "So, it turns out Brian's wanderlust is still not quelling." "Is he still harping on about Cornwall?" Rita asked, to which her neighbour replied: "I blame the app. He's got this thing on his phone that tells him how marvellous the weather is down there compared to here. "I think he just feels stuck in a rut," she added, with Rita offering her take on why she thinks Brian wants to move away. "Well, that's because of Covid, isn't it? We were in lockdown and then everyone got fed up of looking at the same four walls," she said, hinting at her own thoughts about the pandemic. It would have been the soap icon lived on her own during the lockdown, with the likes of Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews) having to ring her for any form of contact. READ MORE: Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment As Rita is older than many of her neighbours, she would have had to shield herself during the pandemic to avoid contacting Covid. Therefore, with restrictions now eased, she could also be fed up with the cobbles and would want to spend the rest of her life somewhere a bit more scenic. Although Cathy agreed to reconsider moving at the end of Friday's episode, it is known the couple won't be moving down south. This is because Cathy is going to be leaving Weatherfield and her relationship with Brian behind her later this month. With no one moving to Cornwall and having mused over the idea herself, Rita could announce she is going to be taking the plunge. Despite being good friends with Brian, she wouldn't want to live near him again and given he might be staying put, there could be an opening for her to go. After decades of living on the cobbles, she could finally be making her dreams come true as she moves to the coast. Of course, Jenny would still go and visit her from time to time so Rita would always be a part of the Coronation Street universe. However, her physical appearance on the show could be no more, bringing an end to the beloved character's story in Weatherfield. The actress who plays Jenny, Sally Ann, spoke at the beginning of 2020 of the fears the actress who plays Rita, Barbara, has over leaving. DON'T MISS...Ken Morley: Star recalls the first sign of prostate cancer [COMMENT]Coronation Street star Alex Bain in hospital update after injury [COMMENT]Coronation Street's Harriet Bibby on 'important' storyline [COMMENT] Sally explained: "Every year she thinks she isn’t going to get another contract. And if she ever forgets a line, which is rare, she won’t sleep that night. "She is terrible. I’m like, ‘Seriously, Barbara?’ I tell her off all the time," the actress said in an interview with the Daily Star. Five years ago, Barbara did address whether she would ever want to leave the show, having been a resident for almost 60 years. The soap star said: "I would like to keep working. I really would. "It's marvellous. It's stimulating, you get fed up, you get tired but at the end of the day you go, 'Thank God, it's wonderful to work.'" "So I would love to work," Barbara told ITV's Lorraine, but five years down the line, could she be ready to make her exit from the show? Back in 2012, the actress stated she would not leave the show unless her time came and she was no longer able to do the job. The soap star said: "Retire? What a filthy word. "I haven’t thought of retiring. I keep saying to everybody I know – don’t retire, just keep working. It’s so good for you – it certainly is for me. "I know it’s hard and you’re tired and you don’t want to go in, but your brain is in action. And I do think the sheer discipline of work helps to keep you younger." "So apart from loving the job, that is at the back of my mind," the soap star told The Mirror. "I’ve done it all my life and I enjoy it and I genuinely find it stimulating," she added before explaining it has saved her from boredom. The actress continued: "I remember once I was written out by a producer for 11 weeks – I think I’d answered him back. "And I thought, ‘Well, that’s fine, lovely.' "And the first week I thought it was the way to live and the second week I went shopping. And the third week I thought, ‘I’ve done that’. “Oh my goodness, I was walking up the wall by the end of that time. I thought, ‘It’s no good - you’re a worker - you’re not that domesticated, lady!’” Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.