When a person dies, their estate will have to be dealt with, inheritance tax paid, and money given to any relevant beneficiaries. However, many Britons are failing to correctly lay out their end of life wishes, creating chaos after they have died. New research has shown families are spending in excess of £100,000 on will dispute court cases because end of life conversations are not occurring until it is too late. A Last Will and Testament is the only legal way for individuals to specify what they want to happen when they die. Yet new polling from Lime Solicitors has found more than a quarter of those asked said they are unsure or do not know how to approach preparing a legally binding will. Death and its financial impacts still remain a taboo subject, and it has been found many Britons are keeping silent about the matter. READ MORE: Cash machine scam warning issued by police - drained bank accounts It has led to inheritance disputes being on the rise by 65 percent, according to the firm. Liz Pryor MBE, CEO and Founder of end-of-life charity, The Anne Robson Trust, shared the story of her mother Anne, who died unexpectedly after an "extremely unpleasant" week in hospital 12 years ago. Her family were forced to reckon not only with the shock and grief of her death, but also the fact her will was not up to date. Ms Pryor explained: “This caused a huge amount of upset – some of which continues 12 years on. DON'T MISSTriple lock to provide boost but pensioners urged to get £3,300 [INSIGHT]Pension warning as you could wipe 11 years of income off your savings [ANALYSIS]‘Believe it when I see it!’ Pensioners slam bumper triple lock promise [UPDATE] “It can be uncomfortable to talk about death, but I encourage people to be brave. “Talk to your loved ones. It will give you both peace of mind and can help avoid a lot of mess and upset in years to come.” For inheritance tax, applicable in many situations, to be sorted out with ease, individuals will need to appoint an executor of their will. A failure to have this document in place could mean unnecessary complications, which may mean more of the estate is taken due to expensive legal costs. Andrew Wilkinson, Head of Inheritance Disputes at Lime Solicitors, said: “End of life wishes have been a taboo subject for too long and not talking about them can result in heartbreak and financial loss for bereaved families. “As contentious probate lawyers, we sadly see all too often how difficult it can be for families when things go wrong after a loved ones passes away, and where disputes could have been avoided had proper conversations taken place, and had a proper will been put in place. “We also see situations where someone dies, having clearly expressed their wishes, but those wishes are not implemented, because of a failure to comply with strict legal processes. “The current law does not allow the court to dispense with the formalities of a will, irrespective of the circumstances, even when it clear that the terms of their will (or the intestacy) rules do not reflect their wishes. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “We think that such a provision should be brought into law, but even that is not the answer alone. “Everybody should have a will in place.” Mr Wilkinson urged Britons to discuss end of life wishes, and ensure their affairs are in order to avoid losing money unnecessarily, and entering into heated disputes.