Piers Morgan, 57, has spoken up about Prince Harry’s latest book. The TV presenter said he thinks Harry’s behaviour is “terrible” after speculating he may call out his family in the new work.  He explained he felt “annoyed” by Harry.  Piers then added he was unimpressed by Harry’s potential decision to “spray-gun the Royals”.  He prefaced by describing Meghan as “highly manipulative” and “ruthless” but adding that Harry’s behaviour was just as frustrating.  The star said: “You’re dealing with a really ruthless person here, highly manipulative, very determined to springboard herself up the social ladder… READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit “But really, I feel as annoyed by Harry’s behaviour, if not more so actually. “I think what he’s doing is terrible. “The fact he keeps doing it, and he’s got this book coming out, which is presumably going to spray-gun the royals all over again, I think it’s disgusting.” He then went on to discuss the scandals involving Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in comparison to Prince Andrew.  Speaking to The Times in April he confirmed he obviously thought what Andrew is accused of was “far worse.”  He explained there is no scale to compare the two scandals.  The presenter said the fact that The Queen’s second son has had to “pay millions of dollars in a settlement to stop himself being accountable in a court of law against a woman claiming that he had under-age sex with her in America is disgusting”.  Prince Andrew denied the claims made against him and the payment was put through without any admission of liability.  That was far from the first time Piers got involved with a public spat, however. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] A Twitter argument he once had with Amber Heard in 2019 was recently uncovered. It follows after Piers has hit out at Amber over her remarks about losing her defamation trial against ex-husband Johnny Depp. The original exchange took place when Piers went after razor company Gillette for their “the best a man can be” campaign, where they encouraged men to stop saying “boys will be boys”. Gillette said that the expression “excuses bad behaviour”. Piers took issue with this, and wrote: “I've used @Gillette razors my entire adult life. This absurd virtue-signalling PC guff may drive me away to a company less eager to fuel the current pathetic global assault on masculinity. “Let boys be damn boys. “Let men be damn men.” Amber replied saying: “@piersMorgan Just shut up.” Reacting to the drama on June 16th, Piers quote-tweeted Amber’s angry message and said: “I forgot about this. “Ms Heard was enraged that I stood up for masculinity.”