Cornflour is one of many ‘forgotten’ items stowed away at the back of the kitchen cupboard, and is rarely thought of as anything other than a thickening agent or pie ingredient. While the lumpy, powdery substance may serve just a few uses when it comes to cooking, its versatility may surprise you around the home. Here are some of the ways it can be used instead of baking soda for household cleaning.  Just like baking soda, cornflour is an inexpensive and harmless ingredient, making it the perfect alternative to many overpriced cleaning products. Switching chemical bleach solutions and harsh degreasers for this finely ground flour is a no-brainer if you’re fed up with strong smells and poor results - but where exactly can you use it around your property? READ MORE: How to get rid of static on clothes, hair and furniture- 9 remedies Baking soda is one of the best natural deodorisers thanks to its neutral chemical formulation, and is loved for its impressive results on odorous fabrics, such as carpets and mattresses. Cornflour is not dissimilar, with its soft yet absorbent texture making it perfect for eliminating unpleasant smells. This simple ingredient can be sprinkled into the soles of shoes, over carpets, or even over your upholstered furniture. Just dust the cornflour over the fabric and leave to sit overnight. Keep pets and young children away from the substance while it settles, and vacuum the following morning. Take care to empty your vacuum filter after use to prevent blockages. If you’ve run out of baking soda, or are on the hunt for a new natural grease-remover, look no further than a box of cornflour. Pour the flour over grease stains on carpets and fabrics and leave to sit for 15-20 minutes. The finely ground powder will absorb the grease while freshening up the surface in question. Once the grease has been lifted, vacuum the excess residue. DON'T MISS:Oven cleaning: ‘Extremely easy’ 29p way to clean your oven glass [INSIGHT]‘Natural solution’ for ‘fighting grease’ in the kitchen - and it’s 19p [REVEAL]'Cheap & gets stain every time': Mrs Hinch fans share 'amazing' tip [ANALYSIS] Restoring the natural shine of wooden furniture is often done with scented polish, but it can leave the surface feeling tacky and unpleasant. Instead, swap commercial polishing products with a light spritz of cornflour-infused water. To make the solution, mix equal parts cornflour and water in a spray bottle. Lightly spray your wood furniture with the mixture and wipe with a microfibre cloth. The natural shine will be restored in a matter of seconds, without any sticky or waxy residue left behind. Precious silverware cutlery and ornaments can look worn out if left to gather dust and dirt. While baking soda paste is one way to revive tarnished silverware, cornflour is a pretty close substitute. Make a paste using the flour and water, and rub it into your silverware using a soft sponge or microfibre cloth. The powdery cornflour is abrasive enough to clean your dinnerware without leaving any scratches behind. Once the items are dry, wipe the paste off and buff them clean to make the silver sparkle. Leather and suede are delicate materials which can become easily scratched or ruined if cleaned incorrectly. If you’ve had the misfortune of getting greasy food stains on furniture - such as a sofa, or beloved items of clothing like your shoes or even a jacket - you might be in the clear. Dust a bit of the flour onto the stained area and let it sit overnight. Wipe clean with a damp cloth and leave to air dry.