Food recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem with a product. This could be because it contains an undeclared ingredient, or that traces of plastic, salmonella, or other harmful object or disease has been found. Morrisons is the latest supermarket to recall a variety of products. The supermarket is recalling several breaded chicken products because they may contain small pieces of glass. It is advised that people who have already bought the chicken products do not eat them as the presence of glass makes them unsafe. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has listed which products have been affected. READ MORE: Prince Charles gets 'kiss on the lips from Zara' - 'strong bonds' The Morrisons Breaded Chicken Goujons, which come in packs 270g and 650g are unsafe to eat. Their use by dates are June 20 and June 21, 2022. Other products include the Morrisons Breaded Chicken Nuggets, 260g, and the Morrisons Breaded Chicken Platter, 600g. Both of the above products have an use by date of June 19, 2022.  The last product to be recalled is the Morrisons Breaded Chicken Steaks, 500g in size, and with an use by date of June 18, 2022. The FSA has stated its advice to customers who have already bought the products, saying: “If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them. “Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.” Morrisons has also published a point of sale notice, which explains what action it has taken since finding the pieces of glass in the products. The supermarket said: “Morrisons is recalling the above date codes of the above products because there is a risk that some packs may contain small pieces of glass. “Please do not eat this product and return it to your nearest store for a full refund. “We don’t need a receipt. “No other products hare affected by this issue. We apologise for the inconvenience this may cause and assure customers of our continuing commitment to the highest standard of product quality and safety.” The FSA went on to explain what food recalls are, saying: “If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be ‘withdrawn’ (taken off the shelves) or ‘recalled’ (when customers are asked to return the product). “The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. “In some cases, a ‘Food Alert for Action’ is issued. “This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers.”