Arsenal have joined two Serie A giants among the clubs interested in completing a deal for Real Madrid winger Marco Asensio this summer. And Mikel Arteta has given his thumbs up to a potential pursuit after the Gunners learnt Real's valuation ahead of his contract expiry. In Wednesday's edition of AS, Arsenal are said to have joined Italian champions AC Milan and Juventus in the hunt to sign Asensio. He is entering the final 12 months of his Los Blancos contract, and agent Jorge Mendes has 'accelerated' his attempts to find him a new club. Mendes plans to compile the 26-year-old's suitors before beginning 'real negotiations' with Real over his exit. And Arteta is a 'great supporter of the operation' as he searches for a new winger ahead of the 2022-23 season, with Leeds United's Raphinha now out of reach. Arsenal has identified Raphinha as their priority target for the position but have been blown out of the water by Chelsea. The Blues are closing in on a deal worth in excess of £55m, with talks over personal terms underway with his agent and former player Deco. JUST IN: Four players who could leave Chelsea with Raphinha transfer close Arteta has seemingly moved on from the Brazilian and is now setting his sights on Asensio, who Carlo Ancelotti would be happy to offload in the current transfer window. Real have named £34.5m (€40m) as their asking price, although they accept offers may lower due to his contract status. Asensio's future should become clear in the coming weeks, with the La Liga champions seemingly unwilling to offer him a contract extension at the Santiago Bernabeu. As a three-time Champions League winner with 28 caps for the Spanish national team under his belt, it's understandable why he would attract Arteta on his mission to guide Arsenal back among Europe's elite. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd near first signing, Chelsea in talks The Gunners are expected to imminently announce the signing of Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus after he completed his medical in London on Tuesday. Although naturally a striker, the 25-year-old proved he can make an impact on the right flank throughout last season. Arteta has also recruited FC Porto attacking midfielder Fabio Viera, who boasted more assists than any other player in the Primeira Liga in the 2021-22 campaign. But the Spaniard doesn't look to be done bolstering his options in the final third, with Asensio potentially in his sights next. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here