The dynamic 11-year-olds collected a British Empire Medal for an extraordinary fundraising odyssey which began when they were just six. Since then, they have completed sponsored runs, treks, climbs and kayaking expeditions to fund a number of good causes. The siblings, from Warrington, Cheshire, were thrilled to hear of Her Majesty’s recognition. Elena said: “I’m really excited to be getting these awards from the Queen and I’m proud of my brother and myself that we have achieved this much.” The children began fundraising as a way of focusing their minds after they were both diagnosed with ADHD (attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder). At 104-years-old, sprightly Angela Redgrave is the oldest person honoured after her lifetime work for teaching dance also earned her a BEM. Angela had already spent decades teaching people how to take a turn when she set up the Bristol School of Dance in 1970. She said: “I am very well at the moment and very happy and, of course, I feel very honoured to be presented with such a lovely award.” Great-grandmother Patricia Husselbee was rewarded for her 65 years on the annual Poppy appeal and other Royal British Legion work. The 80-year-old first became involved when her father encouraged her to start raising money in her home town of Newport, South Wales. Not only did her father get an MBE for his Poppy work, but her three daughters, grandchildren and great grandchildren are also now involved. She said after hearing of her award: “I don’t do it for medals, I do it because it’s needed.” Dr Raghib Ali, 46, was awarded the OBE for services to the NHS and the response to Covid. The Covid expert, from High Wycombe, Bucks, overcame financial hardship and racism in his childhood to win a gong for his work battling the pandemic. The University of Cambridge research associate said: “It has been a long struggle and it’s a great honour and a privilege to get this.” Alex Griffiths was given the BEM after caring for his sick mother from the age of five and more recently comforting dying Covid patients. The 22-year-old said he felt unworthy of the honour for services to the NHS and to his community in Brierley Hill, West Midlands. He said: “Everybody in the NHS is amazing.” Alex was thrust into the role of carer as a young boy when his mother Sharon’s multiple sclerosis deteriorated and his father Martin had to work. He is now taking a masters degree in nursing. ----------------------------------------------------- Rio made obe for activism A hat-trick of footballers were among sports personalities honoured. Former Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand, 43, was made an OBE for his “activism and charity”. Wales and Real Madrid striker Gareth Bale, 32, and Liverpool’s James Milner, 36, got MBEs for charity work. The 1970s Man City star Mike Summerbee, 79, and 1980s Watford and England striker Luther Blissett, 64, got OBEs. England cricketer Moeen Ali, 34, now an OBE, said: “It’s amazing and my family are really proud. More than anything, it makes my parents happy.” On getting an MBE, double Commonwealth Games swimming champion Hannah Miley, 32, said: “I burst into tears and hugged my mum.” Meanwhile, the Queen’s trusted racing adviser John Warren is now a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order. ----------------------------------------------------- Blair junior lands MBE, by Ciaran McGrath Euan Blair, son of ex-PM Sir Tony Blair, has been made an MBE. The Yale graduate is co-founder of Google-backed apprenticeship start-up Multiverse, which launched in 2016. The company, which matches young people with apprenticeships, is now worth £700million. Euan, 38, is estimated to be worth £160million. But ex-Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage said: “Why don’t we give honours to everyone in New Labour and the Remain campaign?”