Netflix drama Ozark has finished now but the show closed on a tense note with the Byrdes with blood on their hands. Despite all the death and destruction, Three Langmore (played by Carson Holmes) seemed to be one of the few characters who made it out alive. But what became of Three in the midst of such bloodshed and why was the last Langmore left standing? Ozark ended with the brutal killing of Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner), wiping out nearly all of the Langmore clan apart from Three. Out of all the Langmores, Three was the most upbeat and kept himself out of trouble unlike his cousins Ruth and Wyatt (Charlie Tahan). Three was the youngest Langmore cousin and in some ways shielded from the darkness around him, which may have ultimately saved him. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, actor Trevor Bond weighed in on Three’s survival, saying: “I think it was because he was so innocent. READ MORE: Ozark explained: Who is baby Zeke and why is he important? “He’s just an innocent. He’s so removed from the badness of the Langmores, or the darkness. He’s a happy-go-lucky kid. He never got submerged into that kind of underworld of the Langmores.” Long continued: “I think that innocence kept him alive and out of it. He didn’t get involved with any of it. So that would be my representation of innocence. He was a pure kid.” The star said Three didn’t seem to be “emotionally dragged” down by his circumstances. Adding: “He doesn’t feel put down or pushed down by life by the way his family lives. He’s just one of those lucky [ones] - it’s his nature, that’s just how he is. He sees the good side.” Three had smaller appearances in the show as Ozark went on with Ruth becoming embroiled further with Marty (Jason Bateman) and Wendy Bryde (Laura Linney), while Wyatt had a romantic relationship with Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery). Instead, Three had a girlfriend and would spend a lot of time with her, becoming more and more detached from his family including Ruth - despite living in a neighbouring trailer. While there may be theories about Three seeking revenge on the Byrdes and the Navarro Cartel for the death of Ruth and Wyatt, Long didn’t seem so sure. Reflecting on what Three would be doing now, Long said: “That’s a good question. With everyone gone, […] he’s probably, I think he’d stay and be going to school. “I think at this point, at his age, he’d stay there and I think he’s still a survivor and try to live. Meet a girl and just to move on with his life.” Long, who returned not once but twice to film on the final season of Ozark, said it was “emotional” coming back for the last series. He revealed he found out from co-star Garner about Ruth’s death, a twist which “shocked” him given he felt the fan-favourite was a “survivor”. Nonetheless, he reasoned Ruth signed her death warrant the moment she murdered Navarro Cartel boss Javier Elizonndro (Alfonso Herrera). DON'T MISS...Ozark: Why did Ruth really kill major character? Star breaks silence [EXCLUSIVE]Ozark: How did Nelson star feel about his death scene? [INSIGHT]Ozark star addresses Ruth Langmore scene in series finale [ANALYSIS] Speaking about reprising his role as Cade in Ruth’s vision for Ozark, Long explained: “I had heard rumours that we might come back but nothing was verified. When I found out, I was pretty excited. I was like, ‘That’s going to be pretty amazing.’ I’d always wished that all of us might have had a little bit of a scene of some conflict but it was great.” He went on to say: “It was great. We got to see everyone. I never got to shoot with my brothers ever in an episode, so it was really just amazing to go back and see everyone and feel like we never left. It felt like rock stars, like an older Rolling Stones coming into it. It was pretty cool. Everyone loves the Langmores.” Long said about the filming process: “We went back twice. We had to shoot the scene twice because of how they were going to edit it with the disappearing trailers, where it’s all gone. “So we shot it with the trailers there and when they removed the trailers. It’s like everything’s decimated and gone, so that was fun.” Ozark is streaming on Netflix now