Dan Walker has been inundated with messages of support after the former BBC Breakfast host is spending his Sunday at the hospital. The 5 News presenter rushed his daughter to A&E after she suffered an injury. The Channel 5 news presenter lamented at the long waiting times when having to visit the hospital as he took to Twitter and explained the situation. The dad-of-three shared a photo of his daughter's bruised finger which he believed could be broken. In view of his 761,000 followers, he penned: "Currently in A & E with our daughter who has a suspected broken finger. "4 hour wait has begun." READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on an eye-popping display in VERY tiny bikini  It didn't take long for the former BBC Breakfast host to be inundated with messages from his followers who offered him alternatives. @chinaheart wrote: "How did that happen? Good luck, not the best place to spend time on a Sunday. Pity if you don't have a local minor injuries unit. They can help with broken bones, like my ankle a few years ago. Fortunately only needed a boot & not get plastered." @rjfoster penned: "Hopefully you'll get through sooner." @glenndutfield commented: "So much for the lie in after leaving Breakfast. Wishing her well." @Timmy Tapper commented: "I know the NHS is struggling at the moment,but for balance my son needed an X-Ray on a suspected broken wrist this week, and was in and out of our local minor injuries unit within an hour. Important to recognise when it goes well!" Dan replied: "Not moaning. The hospital is brilliant and they are understaffed today because of ‘unforeseen absences’ (there is a sign up). Very thankful she is getting seen at some stage." The person in question replied: "Excellent stuff, and I didn’t mean to imply you were moaning - just wanted to share our positive experience." Others urged to visit the minor injuries unit as opposed to the emergency room. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital'[LATEST]Demi Rose puts on an eye-popping display in VERY tiny bikini[PICTURES]Rod Stewart's daughter shares birthday snap with rocker and star's ex[INSTAGRAM] The 5 News presenter also took to his Instagram stories and shared a photo of his daughter's finger which he captioned: "Ouch." Meanwhile, the broadcaster had some big news to share on social media as he announced a big achievement away from television. Taking to Twitter, he penned: "BIG NEWS! I have just finished writing my book ‘Standing on the Shoulders’. "The last chapter is called ‘The Truth About Monsters’ and is all about forgiveness. It’s out in October!" He added: "I can’t wait for you to read it." Fans flocked to comment on the post, as they congratulated the on-screen presenter. @PaulWellington wrote: "Wow what a talented book writer and TV host and nice guy is there no end to yor talents?" @Anababe remarked: "Fantastic this will definitely be top of my birthday list, can't wait." 