Martin Brundle has warned cars that porpoise and bounce will be “negatively affected” by a new technical directive in a warning to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. The Sky Sports pundit revealed the new rule could have a larger impact based on how much cars bounce. He said: “It’s quite hard to measure and define and apparently that's going to be sorted out through the free practices. How much vertical movement you're allowed and the G-Force, the velocity, the frequency. “Whether or not it's hurting the drivers' spines in particular because they sit on the floor of the car. Or could we be moving into an area around concussion for example. “It does seem to me, my first read-through of this technical directive, that the more you porpoise and bounce, the more you’re going to be negatively affected by these changes.” It comes after the FIA launched a new technical directive to reduce porpoising on safety grounds. The FIA has promised to convene a technical meeting with the teams to define measures to help cars in the medium term which could be beneficial to Mercedes. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton shakes off back injury concerns with Canada run However, in the short term, the FIA will instead closely scrutinise the planks and skids on the bottom of cars to ensure teams are not running them too low to the ground. They will set a series of guidelines on how much cars can bounce and then strictly police this for safety reasons. This means cars like Mercedes who like to run low to the ground despite the porpoising may be forced to run their car higher. This will likely reduce or stop the porpoising but will ensure teams lose performance. The FIA said: "A Technical Directive has been issued to give guidance to the teams about the measures the FIA intends to take to tackle the problem. Closer scrutiny of the planks and skids, both in terms of their design and the observed wear. DON'T MISSFIA's F1 intervention may have 'very negative effect' on Hamilton [COMMENT]'Stumbling' Hamilton warned Mercedes team-mate Russell is different [INSIGHT]Mercedes' George Russell reacts to FIA changing rules [ANALYSIS] “The definition of a metric, based on the car’s vertical acceleration, that will give a quantitative limit for acceptable level of vertical oscillations. The exact mathematical formula for this metric is still being analysed by the FIA, and the Formula 1 teams have been invited to contribute to this process.” McLaren star Lando Norris stressed this could fix Mercedes issues after last week’s Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The 22-year-old said: “I'm sure the Mercedes can have a much stiffer floor and raise the ride height and it would be much nicer for them. “But they obviously just don't want to lose performance. I don't think it's anything to complain about, it's just people need to find a way of fixing it themselves.”