Signed by the UK and EU, the Northern Ireland Protocol was the part of the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement dealing with the Irish land border. To keep the border free flowing, London and Brussels moved new regulatory and customs checks required by Brexit to the Irish Sea. This generated red tape on trade between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK, as well as a headache for businesses. It has also enraged loyalists and unionists who argue the region's position in the UK has been undermined. Power-sharing at Stormont has been thrown into turmoil too with the Democratic Unionist Party blocking the formation of a new executive in protest. Andrew Serdy, professor of public international law of the sea at the University of Southampton, told Express.co.uk: "The UK would be hobbled by its failure to invoke Article 16 of the Protocol despite its repeated threat to do so, as an obvious and less drastic alternative way to deal with problems generated by the Protocol as a whole." Article 16 lays out the process by which signatories to the Protocol can take unilateral, safeguarding action if the deal leads to serious economic, social or environmental difficulties which are liable to be long-lasting.  There has been sporadic violence linked to the Protocol since it was introduced in January last year, though these have not been widespread or sustained. European Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic has said the Bill has "no legal or political justification". Mr Sefcovic confirmed this week that existing infringement proceedings, paused while UK-EU talks took place, would now be resumed against Brexit Britain. Asked if the Bill breaks international law, Professor Serdy, said: "This is partly a question of timing. "Leaving aside for the moment the issue of whether the necessity defence is available, there are differing views about whether the breach by the UK would occur only once the Bill is passed and becomes an Act and then the UK fails to do something the Protocol requires it to do, or does something that the Protocol prohibits, or whether the passage of the Bill on its own - or for that matter its mere introduction into the House of Commons - is already an anticipatory breach.   READ MORE ABOUT A CAMPSITE OWNER TOLD TO TEAR UP £80K IMPROVEMENTS "My own view is that, while a threat of this kind might arguably be inconsistent with the general obligation of good faith to honour treaty obligations (the pacta sunt servanda principle), the language on good faith in the 2019 Agreement is pretty vague, so the EU would be on much stronger ground if it waited until there is an actual breach of some concrete obligation. "For an anticipatory breach to be arguable, the Bill would have to make it impossible - if passed - for the UK to comply with one or more of its obligations. But it doesn't do that. It merely paves the way for the UK to act non-compliantly if ministers so decide. But there is nothing inevitable about that. "For example, if the Bill passes and a snap election is called at which there is a change of government, nothing in the Bill prevents incoming ministers from pursuing a policy of continuing to perform the UK's obligations.   DON'T MISS: Picture of car 'hogging' middle lane of M5 at 5am sparks online fury [REVEALED] Meghan and Harry offered 'big pay deal' for Jubilee interview [LATEST] 'So deeply appreciated' Meghan sends 'moving' tribute to US mums [REPORT] "Then specifically on the necessity defence, this is usually seen by international lawyers as a desperate scraping of the bottom of the barrel, a plea that the situation is so dire that the invoking state genuinely had no other choice. "Despite the current difficulties in establishing a Northern Ireland administration, I would be very surprised if that plea were to succeed in persuading the arbitral panel." The Government's summary of its legal position on the Protocol legislation argues the move is justified under international law because of the "genuinely exceptional situation". Its legal position states the move is necessary because the protocol is currently not protecting commitments outlined in the Good Friday Agreement. It says: "The Government recognises that necessity can only exceptionally be invoked to lawfully justify non-performance of international obligations. This is a genuinely exceptional situation and it is only in the challenging, complex and unique circumstances of Northern Ireland that the Government has, reluctantly, decided to introduce legislative measures which, on entry into force, envisage the non-performance of certain obligations.  "It is the Government's position that in light of the state of necessity, any such non-performance of its obligations contained in the Withdrawal Agreement and/or the protocol as a result of the planned legislative measures would be justified as a matter of international law. This justification lasts as long as the underlying reasons for the state of necessity are present. The current assessment is that this situation and its causes will persist into the medium to long term." The DUP has said it will only move to restore Northern Ireland's regional parliament if it is sure the Bill will become law. It blocked restoration of the region's power-sharing administration after May's local elections, saying it would not facilitate the regional assembly sitting until all checks or planned post-Brexit checks on goods moving from Britain to Northern Ireland are removed. Professor Serdy argued the Government's defence is usually seen by international lawyers as "a desperate scraping of the bottom of the barrel". He argued consequences the Government is now complaining of were foreseen and warned against when the Protocol was negotiated, but the UK went ahead and concluded it anyway. He said: "But even if [invoking necessity] does succeed, it is a tactic that in practice only ever works once and at a high cost in humiliation - for if you are known for escaping your treaty obligations by pleading necessity, other states are going to hesitate to treat with you in future and would be likely to insist the necessity defence be waived in advance.  "Argentina some years ago successfully pleaded necessity as an excuse for defaulting on a debt - but what bank in its right mind after that would ever lend it money again?" The Foreign and Commonwealth Office did not respond to a request for comment, but Foreign Secretary Liz Truss told the Commons on Wednesday the UK is pressing ahead with the Bill due to the EU not being willing to change the Protocol, although the Government would prefer a negotiated solution with the EU. She added the Protocol needs to change to uphold the Belfast Good Friday Agreement, ensure free flow of goods from east to west and protect the north-south relationship. The Government has proposed a "green channel" for goods moving from Britain to Northern Ireland, to change tax rules and end the European Court of Justice's role as sole arbiter in disputes. It also wants a dual regulatory regime, which could push up costs for business. Asked if the Bill breaks international law, Professor Serdy said: "No, or more precisely not yet.  "But even if it eventually becomes yes, I am not sure the EU can then terminate the 2020 Trade and Cooperation Agreement (TCA) as a lot of commentators are suggesting. As far as I can see the Protocol and the Withdrawal Agreement are not integrated into the TCA such that a breach of one is automatically a breach of the other. "Possibly the EU could argue it can do so as a countermeasure - another of the circumstances precluding wrongfulness - if, despite being found in breach, the UK refuses to return to compliance with its Protocol obligations. But that is not straightforward and would require extensive analysis. "Termination of the Protocol or of the entire Withdrawal Agreement would be an option, but it is not clear the EU would be the winner from that as there are still the payments owed to it by the UK for which the legal basis might then fall away." 