Brexit rules have caused major shock to Britain’s trading landscape in the last two years. But despite voting to leave the bloc, trade is back on the up with the EU after a considerable decline. The LSE Centre for Economic Performance found that the number of trading relationships Britain has with the bloc has declined due to red tape curbing the ability of smaller firms to export. What’s more, last month the Office for Budget Responsibility, the Government spending watchdog, warned that UK trade had “missed out” on much of the recovery in global trade and was lagging behind every other G7 nation. But despite Brexit, it turns out that trade with the EU is back on the up, and trade with non-EU countries has declined. READ MORE: POLL: Should Boris call a General Election after by-election defeat? According to the Office for National Statistics, in April 2022, the total import of goods (excluding precious metals) increased by 0.7 percent, or £0.4 billion compared with March. There was a 4.2 percent, or £1.1 billion rise in imports from the EU, but imports from countries outside the EU fell by £0.7 billion, or 2.6 percent. The same can be said with exports to EU countries, which increased by 8.1 percent, or £1.2 billion in April this year. This is the third consecutive month exports to the EU have risen, and they are now at the highest level since records began, according to the ONS. While the end of the Brexit transition period saw imports from the EU decline sharply, they have largely been on an upward trajectory since January 2021. Exports to the EU also dropped after January 2021, and have since steadily increased, with April being the biggest month for EU exports since the UK left the bloc. DON'T MISS‘Brexit is the way forward!’ Britons back Lord Frost’s verdict [REPORT]Boris Johnson a threat to Tories for '20 years' if removed [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson LIVE: Nightmare for PM as favourites for Tory leader [REPORT] Machinery, cars and chemicals are main trades in both directions. According to the European Commission, machinery, appliances and transport equipment made up 20 percent of EU imports to the UK. Chemical products account for 13 percent, whereas food, beverages and tobacco is seven percent. Elsewhere, base metals and plastic and rubber both account for five percent of EU imports to the UK. In terms of UK exports to the EU, the picture is very similar. Like the EU, the bulk of UK exports are machinery and appliances (21 percent) and chemical products (15 percent). Transport equipment accounts for 14 percent of trade, and mineral products and base metals make up 12 and six percent of trade respectively. Food, beverages and tobacco is five percent of all UK exports to the bloc.