Ferrari have been accused of having less confidence in their strategies than Red Bull which could cost Charles Leclerc this season. Former F1 star Mika Hakkinen has warned Ferrari ‘got it wrong’ with their calls at the Monaco Grand Prix after pitting Leclerc at a bad time. He stressed Red Bull appeared to have the ‘confidence’ to make the right decisions whereas Ferrari ‘hesitated’. Hakkinen said the errors were down to the ‘people’ in the team and indicated Red Bull could seemingly handle situations better ‘under pressure’. Leclerc was comfortably leading the Monaco Grand Prix before Ferrari pitted him for intermediate tyres. Meanwhile, his team-mate Carlos Sainz stayed out, waiting for the track to dry before making one stop for slicks. Leclerc pitted again a few laps later for hard tyres and lost track position to his team-mate which infuriated the Ferrari star. However, the situation got even worse as Red Bull stopped a lap later and managed to get ahead. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc blasted for 'screwing up enough himself' charles leclerc This saw Sergio Perez take the lead and Max Verstappen jump Leclerc, pushing the 24-year-old down to fourth. Writing in his Unibet column, Hakkinen said: “In the race Ferrari hesitated at the key moment, calling Charles in, then pitting him again and also leaving Carlos out longer than was necessary. “Red Bull got the strategy right, jumping their cars from third and fourth up to first and third. I know Ferrari have said they are going to analyse the reasons why their strategy went so badly wrong, but I think the technical analysis will be less important than the human factors. “What makes one team have the confidence to make the right call, and another team to hesitate and get it wrong? DON'T MISSFerrari accused of 'weak' appeal against Perez's Monaco GP win [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc hits out at Ferrari and demands talks after Monaco GP [ANALYSIS]Leclerc blows up on team radio as Verstappen gets jump on Ferrari star [COMMENT] “That’s down to people and the confidence which they have in each other when under pressure.” Leclerc appeared horrified at how his weekend unravelled as the Ferrari star was caught hitting his steering wheel and swearing at his race engineers. The Monegasque even criticised the team moments after the race, claiming they had made ‘too many mistakes’. He added: “I've been asked questions if I wanted to go from the extreme wets to the slicks and I said, 'yes but not now, a bit later on in the race', but I don't understand what made us change our minds and go on the intermediates. We got undercut then I stopped behind Carlos. There have been a lot of mistakes and we cannot afford to do that."