Queen Elizabeth II has enjoyed three days' worth of celebrating in the UK since June 2, with millions commemorating her 70th year on the throne. The Platinum Jubilee marks decades of leading the Firm, which has become a network of working royals set to continue her legacy. Many of them have helped organise the weekend's many spectacles and represented the monarch at several points over the last few days. Prince Richard, the Duke of Gloucester and his wife Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester, will be among those representing the Royal Family at the Platinum Party at the Palace tonight. While not as well known as some of the other senior working royals, the Duke is among the longest-serving, having spent more than four decades in the family business. In 1972, when he graduated from Cambridge University with a degree in architecture, he was not destined to inherit the titles held by the then Duke of Gloucester, his father, Henry. Prince Henry was the son of King George V, grandfather to Queen Elizabeth II, making Richard her cousin. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte laughs adoringly as she conducts Jubilee orchestra A family tragedy meant the titles earmarked for his elder brother, Prince William of Gloucester, went to him instead. Prince William, who as firstborn to the serving Duke in 1941 was due to inherit the Duchy of Gloucester, died in 1972. The Prince died in a plane crash on August 28 that year while competing in the Goodyear International Air Trophy. His death meant the young Richard had to leave his position as partner at a London-based architecture firm and take on new royal duties in his brother's stead. Prince Richard succeeded his father as the new Duke of Gloucester when he died in 1974. He has served the Firm since then and will have worked 50 years in his role come 2024. The full-time working Prince carries out a "significant number of public duties" every year, the Royal Family's site states. His work focuses primarily on heritage, humanitarian issues, the environment and veterans, with contributions split across 150 charities and other organisations. He has also represented the Queen at several events over the last decade. He is one of several royals appearing at tonight's Platinum Party at the Palace. Prince Michael of Kent, another of the Queen's cousins, is also expected at the event, as are Princes Charles and William. While they are among the confirmed royal guests at the palace performance, the Queen herself is not. The monarch's son and grandson will deliver separate tributes in front of her home, but she is not a guaranteed attendee. She is not likely to attend after missing today's Derby Day at Epsom Downs racecourse due to "episodic mobility problems". If not there, the Queen may watch from home with millions of other Britons as 22,000 in-person attendees gather to watch several high-profile acts. Headliners include singers like contemporary R&B singer Alicia Keys, composer Hans Zimmer and Eurovision runner-up Sam Ryder. Platinum Party at the Palace will be shown live on BBC1 and BBC iPlayer at 7.30pm tonight.