Alex Scott, 37, has spoken out after her black cut-out dress caused a stir among some viewers of Soccer Aid 2022. Alex presented Sunday's charity game alongside Dermot O’Leary and Maya Jama, but some thought her glamorous dress was not the right fit for the occasion. Today, Alex took to Twitter to hit back at her critics.She shared a series of photographs from the game to her 368,000 followers.In the caption, the former footballer remarked: “Warning!“The images do contain a woman in a ‘dress’,” along with an eye-rolling and laughing emoji. READ MORE:Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak Alex went on to detail what a great night she had and congratulated World XI for their victory against the England team.She continued: “What a fun night!  More than 100 of Alex’s fans took to the comments to defend the star.JDawg said: “Looked great in a dress, and she is a fab presenter...deal with it trolls.”Steve added: “She’s likely to look amazing in a bin bag or with a dustbin on her head. Alex Scott has style beyond style. Classy and so naturally beautiful. Amazing person and a footballing legend.  “Alex Scott she’s got the lot! Super Alex Scott! Keep on smiling Scotty!” DON'T MISSAmber Heard 'doesn’t blame' jury for trial verdict amid ‘unfair’ claim[LATEST]Alex Scott sparks complaints from Soccer Aid viewers with daring dress[PICTURES]Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital'[INSIGHT] And Peter penned: “Just unthinkable people would give ANYONE involved in Soccer Aid criticism. Everyone gave up their time for a great cause and raised s**tloads of money. End of story.”Soccer Aid 2022 saw World XI defeat England for the fourth straight year.The teams drew 2-2 inside the 90 minute game but World XI clinched their victory when they went to penalties and scored four against England’s one.Stars taking part included Usain Bolt as captain of World XI. On his side was comedian Lee Mack, Line Of Duty star Martin Compston and Dragons’ Den’s Steven Bartlett.England was captained by Liam Payne and he played alongside Mark Wright, Damian Lewis and Jamie Carragher.In a separate post shared to Instagram, Alex thanked fans for their donations and support.She wrote: “A record amount of money raised in @socceraid last night for @unicef. “Thank you for all the donations, for the incredible support at the @londonstadium and everyone involved who made it yet another magical evening.”