Ruth Langsford, 62, has been a regular panellist on Loose Women since 1999, garnering a huge fan base on the show. The presenter has taken to Instagram to hit out at the show's hair stylist Maurice Flynn after Ruth was left running his errands around the studio. Ruth took to Instagram yesterday to share a short video in view of her 1 million Instagram followers. In the video, Ruth can be seen struggling as she pushes a cart full of large suitcases around the studio. She captioned the video: "Is that your makeup kit?!!! "Cheeky little b*****d!! RUDE @mauriceflynn @qvcuk." READ MORE: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot This comes after Ruth's husband, Eamonn Holmes, made a cheeky swipe at his wife as he presented on yesterday's GB News. Eamonn shares his eldest children Declan, Rebeca and Niall with his ex-wife Gabrielle, while he and Ruth share their youngest son, Jack Holmes. The Holmes household also features the family's rescue dog, Maggie. His co-host Isabel Webster said: "I saw this story and it made me think of you. "It's why dogs are like surrogate children and I thought of little Maggie and how she really is your fifth child." "She is, I mean, I would put my children up for adoption before I would get rid of my little rescue dog," Eamonn joked in response. "Is that right?" Isabel asked, before Eamonn replied: "She is, I would definitely. "Yeah, I think everybody in my house is at risk of being given away except the dog." DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Dame Deborah James looks radiant at Royal Ascot [PICS] Our Yorkshire Farm's Clive Owen, 67, sparks concern after Amanda split [CONCERN] Isabel smirked: "Is that because Maggie doesn't give you any back chat?" "She gives me love (which) is unconditional. No questions asked," Eamonn replied. "She doesn't seek anything in return and I just feed her quite a lot, so she and I get on quite well." "I definitely think that is a thing, I would like an animal instead of a third child," Isabel admitted. As Eamonn suggested his co-star get a rescue dog, she went on to explain you're not allowed to have one if you have a child under the age of seven in the household. He went on to make a cheeky swipe at his wife, Ruth: "If my wife had the temperament of my dog that would be fine." Eamonn's GB News return comes after the presenter sparked worry amongst his fans last month when he had to go to hospital for an operation. He has spoken candidly in the past about his battle with "chronic pain", in his back, telling his followers that he had been left with severe discomfort and was unable to sleep.