Emmanuel Macron was re-elected as President for another term in April but there are signs voters are fed up. The first round of the French parliamentary elections last Sunday saw his Ensemble coalition level with NUPES, a left-wing alliance. The parliamentary election decides who passes laws in France and the President is at risk of losing a majority in the National Assembly. The first round has indicated that the President is losing support as voters are turning away from Mr Macron’s Ensemble coalition. The result saw the left-wing coalition NUPES, led by Jean-Luc Mélenchon, emerge neck and neck with Macron’s presidential group with each group taking around 25 percent of votes. It means the President is in trouble of not winning the 289 seats needed to form an outright majority in parliament. READ MORE: Royal Marine Falklands guard recalls how POWs 'wept’ when war was lost The President has lost around four million votes between the presidential race in April and the first parliamentary election round last Sunday. Turnout on Sunday was a historic low of 47.5 percent and around 9 percent of Macron voters in the presidential election first round turned to centre-right conservative party, Les Républicains, according to polls. But Mr Macron’s biggest problem is the left with Mr Mélenchon looking to reign in the President’s ability to get things done. The first round result will be a concern for the French President who has focused on the war in Ukraine in recent months. Mr Macron has been busy talking Russian President Vladimir Putin to back down and pull his troops out of Ukraine. But it seems French voters are less worried about the conflict in eastern Europe and more troubled about day-to-day matters. Like many countries around the world, France is going through a cost of living crisis and prices are on the rise. DON'T MISS: Ukraine war casualties in full: How losses compare to Russia's [ANALYSIS]Boris braces for fresh chaos: Own adviser set to brutally maul PM [REACTION]Brexit LIVE: Remoaners humiliated as UK exports to EU hit record high [INSIGHT] Insee reported that in March there was a sharp increase of 4.5 percent in inflation year-on-year from the cost of goods and services. An EU ban on Russian oil by the end of 2022 has also seen fuel costs jump up. Russia supplies around 27 percent of the EU's imported oil and 40 percent of its gas and the ban will hurt residents in the bloc. Mr Macron has tried to act as a mediator between Ukraine and Russia and some believe he has forgotten about problems back in France. The second round of voting in France's parliamentary elections on June 19 could determine the French President's future in office. Without a majority, Mr Macron will find it difficult to turn his election promises into reality and French politics could find itself in gridlock. His victory in April’s presidential election means he has another five years in charge to put his vision into action. But without support in parliament, he will find it difficult to get anything done without making major compromises.