For the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, the Platinum Party at the Palace kicked off on Saturday evening with thousands gathering to celebrate Queen Elizabeth's 70-year reign on the throne. Despite not being at the event herself, The Queen still managed to make an impressive appearance alongside Paddington Bear. The pair sat down for afternoon tea together before they tapped along to iconic rock band Queen as they opened the show.  As the countdown for the big concert began, the Queen was joined by Paddington Bear in Buckingham Palace. Beginning the skit, a member of the palace could be seen taking a tray of tea to the Queen, who was sitting with Paddington, where he exclaimed: "Thank you for having me. "I do hope you are having a lovely Jubilee," to which the Queen replied: "Tea?" Paddington eagerly got out of his seat and grabbed the pot which had been laid down, and began drinking the whole lot. READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return As he finished, he placed the teapot back down and attempted to pour Her Majesty and cup, however soon realised he had drank it all. "Never mind," she replied before Paddington dropped the teapot into the cream cakes which were left on the table, splattering one of the staff. Queen Elizabeth laughed at the incident as Paddington exclaimed: "Oh dear, perhaps you would like a marmalade sandwich? I always keep one for emergencies," as he pulled one out of his hat. To his surprise, Queen Elizabeth replied: "So do I, I keep mine in here for later" before pulling a sandwich out of her handbag. The camera then switched to the live feeds of the public outside Buckingham palace, who were eagerly waiting for the concert to start. Kicking off the night of star-studded acts, Adam Lambert and Queen walked out onto the stage and began singing the iconic song We Will Rock You. The staff member turned to the pair and revealed: "The party is about to start, Your Majesty," before Paddington bowed and said: "Happy Jubilee, ma'am, and thank you for everything." As the performance started, Queen Elizabeth and Paddington were tapping their spoons on the side of their cups in time with the iconic song. DON'T MISS...Kate makes time in busy Jubilee schedule for 'surprise' hospital visit [INSIGHT]Sussexes 'pulled on Queen's hearstrings' with Lilibet meeting [LATEST]Aled Jones 'feels sick' as he shares 'nightmare' moment with Queen  [WATCH] Astounded at the skit, viewers took to their Twitter pages to express how amazed they were at the video. Leah Whiting commented: "The Queen and Paddington really got me. She is such a good sport. And tapping the intro to ‘We Will Rock You’ with a teaspoon - utter perfection. I bloody love her." @whoareyou_64 praised: "The Queen & Paddington #PlatinumPartyatthePalace," alongside an array of clapping emojis. Jordan-Lee added: "The Queen has tea with Paddington and finally reveals what she keeps in her bag!" Ali Owen exclaimed: "My daughter loved this @Queen_UK showing her fun side with @paddingtonbear #PlatinumPartyatthePalace." @therealdavewest tweeted: "The Queen & Paddington, forget the rest of #PlatinumPartyatthePalace this stole the show before it had even started." @BlueBearEtc concluded: "Watching the #PlatinumPartyatthePalace with hoom and already know that @paddingtonbear will be the star of the show for us." (sic) Platinum Party at the Palace is available to watch on BBC One and to stream on BBC iPlayer.