Andy Murray has revealed that he was snubbed by a host of top coaches as he mounted his comeback in tennis following hip surgery. The Brit is back alongside Ivan Lendl for the third time in his career, but faced a battle to appoint an elite coach. American Lendl was the only coach prepared to help Murray on his ascent back up the ATP rankings. The 36-year-old is preparing for Wimbledon after overcoming an abdominal injury, which he suffered at the Stuttgart Open. two -time Wimbledon champion Murray, who is fit for this year’s Championships after overcoming an abdominal injury, has opened up on what it was like to be turned down by so many coaches before partnering with Lendl in March. Speaking ahead of Wimbledon, Murray said: “Having Ivan on my team helps. We've had a lot of success in the past. We know each other well. He still believes in me. There's not loads of coaches out there that have done that over this last period. He has.” JUST IN: Rafael Nadal lifts lid on biggest Roger Federer regret Asked if he took the rejections personally, the world no.51 went on: “No, not really. It hasn't hurt me. In many ways it's been a motivation. “From memory, up until this period, there was maybe one or two times when I'd spoken to coaches about working with me that it hadn't worked out. Whereas this time round, I got turned down by a lot of coaches. “Obviously, it was difficult to deal with because I don't know how many top-level coaches there are that you’d want to work with if trying to win the major events. That's why I'm grateful Ivan has come back to help me try to achieve what I want.” DON'T MISS...Rafael Nadal admission could spell bad news for Djokovic at WimbledonRaducanu allays Wimbledon injury fears ahead of Centre Court dateRafael Nadal lifts lid on biggest Roger Federer regret Having overcome the injury he suffered in Stuttgart, Murray is now preparing for Wimbledon alongside Lendl. The former world no.1 is in good form having only missed out on silverware in Germany having been beaten in the final by Wimbledon 2021 runner-up Matteo Berrettini. Murray, who reached the third round last year, has talked up his chances of going far at the All England Club in 2022. He added:  “I showed a couple weeks ago that there was still good tennis left in me. I beat a guy in the top five (Stephanos Tsitspias) and was neck-and-neck with Berrettini, who is one of the best grass court players in the world, before my injury. “And I've been doing pretty well in practice. I know the tennis is in there. I just need to bring it out during the event.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here