The budget C21 Plus phone was only released by Nokia (now owned by HMD Global) a few weeks ago, but already it's got a price cut. The bargain Android smartphone first arrived in May with an eye-catching £99 price tag but you can get the handset even cheaper than that. This is thanks to a new deal O2 is running which slashes the phone's price tag by £20 to just £79. The Nokia C21 Plus is available at this ludicrously low cost when you purchase the handset via Pay As You Go (PAYG). And there's even more good news as anyone that picks up an O2 PAYG handset can also claim £5 worth of free credit by registering for the My O2 service. This lets you manage your account online or via the My O2 app at any time of the day, letting you see your bills and top up your device. You can find out more details about My O2 and also top up your PAYG phone by clicking here. For anyone that's on a budget, you'll be hard-pressed to find a cheaper phone than the Nokia C21 Plus right now. And if you're worried that paying a rock bottom price means you'll be getting a sub-par phone you needn't fret. Considering the Nokia C21 Plus costs under £100 it comes with some pretty impressive features including a whopping 4,000mAh battery that can last for up to three days on just a single charge. HMD Global is also boasting that its C21 Plus has been built with durability in mind, which will come as good news to butter fingers that have had accidents with their phone before. Elsewhere, the Nokia C21 Plus comes fitted with a generous 6.5inch HD+ display which will give you more than enough screen size to comfortable binge your boxsets or watch your favourite movies. Surprisingly at the price point offered, the Nokia C21 Plus also comes with a very secure way to unlock the screen thanks to a rear fingerprint scanner and there's even clever facial recognition which gives you access simply by staring at the front-facing camera. Anyone that picks up the Nokia C21 Plus will also be able to enjoy two years' worth of guaranteed Android security updates which are delivered on a quarterly basis. NOKIA C21 SPECS SCREEN: 6.5-inch CAMERA: Dual-lens • 13-megapixel + 2-megapixel BATTERY: 4,000mAh STORAGE: 32GB - expandable to 256GB OS: Android 11 (Go Edition) SECURITY: Fingerprint scanner EXTRAS: Headphone port, facial recognition and two colours to choose from