Erik ten Hag has been Manchester United manager for less than a month, but club staff have already blessed him with a fitting nickname after a spirited start to his reign. Monday, May 23, marked the beginning of the Ten Hag era as he entered the iconic Old Trafford walls for the first time, but his introductions started outside the ground. Starstruck fans were in awe of the Dutchman as he appeared next to the United Trinity statue before taking in more club history down the Munich Tunnel. Ahead of his unveiling press conference, he made an effort to shake the hands of all journalists sitting in the front row - a minimal but widely appreciated opening act. During his stadium tour that followed, Ten Hag shook hands and introduced himself to everyone he graced with his polite yet intimidating presence, from canteen workers to those in the museum and beyond. His first impression drew comparisons with Sir Alex Ferguson, who stressed the importance of knowing everyone throughout the club. GOAL report that Ten Hag's arrival is said to have sent 'a surge of electricity' through United, reviving the club after a nightmare season with a numb conclusion. And staff members have nicknamed him the 'New Sheriff' after imprinting his leadership from the first second he stepped onto the Theatre of Dreams' grounds. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah 'made Barcelona promise' as 2023 plan emerges for star Ten Hag's efforts to warmly greet fans, staff and the media as football director John Murtough showed him around Old Trafford 'struck' Red Devils figures. A reporter has labelled David Moyes as the only manager post-Ferguson who did similar, with Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer known to keep their distance. He also won't be following Mourinho's isolation approach regarding his living situation. The Portuguese coach stayed at the Lowry Hotel throughout his turbulent tenure, but Ten Hag has started house hunting and is thought to be interested in living in the city centre to be as close to fans as possible. READ MORE: Newcastle ready to launch 'monster offer' as Arsenal pull out of race The 52-year-old worked out of United's offices in London before attending the final-day game at Crystal Palace. After his Old Trafford introduction, he jetted off on a well-earned holiday, meaning he seemingly hasn't visited the club's Carrington training base so far. But he's bound to be present prior to the start of pre-season training on June 27, when the first wave of United stars returns after their summer breaks. Preparations continue for his first transfer window as manager, and he'll continue to be in regular contact with Murtough ahead of his return. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.