Sky Glass is designed to be simple. There's no need to drill a satellite dish to the outside of your house, no need to configure an external sound system to get Dolby Atmos sound, no need to crawl behind the back of the telly to juggle HDMI ports ...there is a single power cable to plug into the mains. And that's it. This custom-designed Smart TV brings together exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, live sports fixtures, blockbusters in Ultra HD quality, on-demand boxsets from HBO Max and Peacock, as well as streaming services like Prime Video, Apple TV+, Disney+, and Netflix into a single package. Sky Glass' QLED panel supports up to 4K Ultra HD picture quality and the soundbar included in the design is capable of Dolby Atmos audio. If you want to see how this all works in practice, read our in-depth Sky Glass review. But while bingeing a new boxset, pausing live television, and watching exclusive films on Prime Video and Disney+ with Sky Glass might be incredibly simple ...working out the cost of Glass and your Sky subscription can be pretty confusing. That's because the contract length of the hardware is different to the one for the package that lets you watch TV. And there are a number of different Sky TV deals running at any one time. Not to mention, the numerous ways to pay for the Glass TV hardware and, since Sky Glass is internet-connected at all times, you'll also need to factor in the cost of a broadband connection too. Yikes. To clear everything up, we've explained the Sky Glass price so you know exactly what you'll need to pay. You can buy Sky Glass in two (very different) ways. Firstly, you can add Sky Glass to your shopping basket and pay outright ...just like you would with a new television from Samsung, Sony, Panasonic, Hisense and others. The 43-inch model (dubbed Small) costs £649, the 55-inch (Medium) option is £849, while the 65-inch (Large) television will cost £1,049. Those prices are fairly competitive compared to other QLED televisions, especially when you consider that Sky Glass arrives with a Dolby Atmos soundbar built into the design. However, you'll only be able to buy Sky Glass direct from Sky itself ...even if you're paying for the television outright. So, don't be surprised when you head down to your local John Lewis or Currys and find they haven't got any Sky Glass to load into the boot of your car. The second option is to spread out the cost of Sky Glass. You can choose between 24 or 48 monthly repayments, which will last two or four years, respectively. This is an interest-free loan, so you won't need to pay more for the privilege of spreading out the cost over the next four years. Better yet, Sky promised during the launch event that, should the company release a next-generation model of its custom-designed telly during your 48-month contract, you will be able to upgrade to the latest hardware at no extra cost. Of course, you'll need to sign up for a new loan agreement for the new model... but you won't need to wait an extra year to two to unlock the best Sky Glass hardware available. If you're looking to upgrade your television and sound system ...but want to keep monthly bills as low as possible, you should opt for a 48-month contract. With this option, prices start from just £13 per month for the Small screen size, rising to £17 per month for Medium, and £21 per month for Large. Those who want a shorter two-year contract will need to pay £26 per month for the Small model, £34 per month for Medium, and £42 a month for Large. If you opt for a 48-month repayment plan, you'll need to pay a £10 upfront fee. Those who opt for the shorter 24-month contract will need to pay £20 upfront. Both of these costs are less than Sky charges for set-up with its Sky Q set-top box, since that requires engineers to install a satellite dish on your roof to get everything up and running. With Sky Glass, the engineers will help to unbox the telly in the room of your choice and connect everything to the Wi-Fi. They can also take the packaging away to be recycled responsibly. No matter how you decide to pay for the new Sky Glass hardware, you'll be covered by a two-year warranty from Sky. You'll also get a choice of all five colour options: Anthracite Black, Ocean Blue, Racing Green, Dusky Pink, and Ceramic White. During the checkout process – regardless of whether you pay upfront or buy with an interest-free repayment plan – you'll also be able to pick the colour of the speaker grill that covers the soundbar. By default, the speaker fascia will be colour-matched with the rest of the 4K TV. So, the Racing Green model of Sky Glass will have a Racing Green speaker fascia. However, Sky does allow you to contrast the colour – with a Dusty Pink fascia on an Anthracite Black telly for a pop of colour. This carries an extra cost. It will add £39 to the Sky Glass TV price. It's also worth noting that you can buy a speaker fascia after the fact from Sky's Amazon UK store. Regardless of how you decide to pay for the hardware, you'll need to add a Sky TV package to your basket with Sky Glass. All of the usual options are here – Sky Cinema, Sky Sports, Sky Kids, BT Sport, and all of the subscription tiers on offer from Netflix. You'll be signed up to a 31-day rolling contract, which can be cancelled at any time. Interestingly, this 31-day rolling contract is much more akin to what we'd expect to see from NOW (formerly NOW TV) compared to anything available with Sky Q. With the latter, you'll need to agree to a minimum contract term of 18 months to sign-up for any of its packages. With Sky Glass, there is much more room for flexibility. For example, you could subscribe to exclusive Sky TV channels – like Sky Atlantic – and Netflix over the summer months, then cancel for a few months and re-subscribe later in the year when your favourite show returns with a new season. That's something that happens all of the time with NOW subscribers but is currently impossible for Sky Q viewers. Does Sky Glass work without an active Sky TV subscription? Yes, without a Sky TV package, you'll be able to watch Freeview channels with the built-in tuner inside Sky Glass. There are three HDMI 2.1 ports at the back, which can be used to plug-in games consoles, Blu-ray players, and other gadgets – so you can use Sky Glass like any other telly. Prices for the Sky TV packages start from £26 per month, dubbed Ultimate TV, which includes access to the likes of Sky Atlantic (which is exclusive to Sky Glass, Sky Q and NOW – you cannot tune in to this channel via Virgin Media), Sky Max, Sky Crime, Sky History, MTV, Comedy Central, Sky Sports News, Dave, W, Sky Documentaries, Discovery, National Geographic, Eurosport 1 and Eurosport 2, TLC, Food Network, and more. Combined with a 48-month repayment plan for the Small television, you'll pay £39 per month for your Sky Glass package. And that's without the upgrade to Ultra HD and Dolby Atmos. This monthly price also assumes that you already have a broadband package that's fast enough to support streaming your television. The £39 per month cost doesn't include any multi-room capabilities. You'll need to spend an extra £25 per month for Sky Sports, £11 per month for Sky Cinema, £5 per month for Sky Kids, and £30 per month for BT Sport. You can also upgrade the Netflix subscription from the Basic tier – which is included as part of the £26 per month Ultimate TV subscription – to a Standard package (£4 per month) to gain access to High Definition picture quality and simultaneous streaming on two devices, or a Premium package (£8 per month) to unlock 4K Ultra HD quality and streaming across four devices at the same time. If you want to enjoy live football matches, blockbusters, and boxsets in Ultra HD and HDR picture quality – the maximum available with the hardware included in Sky Glass – with Dolby Atmos sound, you'll need to add pay an extra £5 per month. Those who want to be able to watch their new Sky TV package in multiple rooms around the house will need to add a Sky Stream Puck. These diddy set-top boxes bring the same experience that you'll get on Sky Glass to any telly in the home via HDMI. Shows that you've added to your Playlist will be available in every room, with playback synchronised across the house – so you'll be able to pause mid-episode in one room and resume watching from the same spot in another. Stream Puck also offers access to streaming platforms like Apple TV+, Prime Video, Disney+ and Netflix ...so you can binge exclusive boxsets and movies from every service without jumping between HDMI ports to find a specific device. Adding a Stream Puck will cost an extra £10 per month. While the hardware itself usually carries a £50 upfront cost, Sky is currently waiving that fee for all new customers. If you want a Sky Stream Puck for more than one room, you'll need to pay the upfront fee for each Puck. Sky Glass supports a maximum of 6 Sky Stream Pucks per household. According to Sky, the minimum broadband speed required for Sky Glass is 10Mbps. However, that means you'll need 10Mbps just for Sky Glass. If you're only able to get a total of 10Mbps into your home, then sending messages on WhatsApp, downloading software updates, backing up photos to the cloud, asking questions to Alexa ...everything that you do on your Wi-Fi network will sap a little bit of that bandwidth, which could leave you with a miserable experience streaming your telly. As you upgrade your Sky Glass package, the demands on your home Wi-Fi connection will increase. If you decide to upgrade to Dolby Atmos / Ultra HD quality, then you'll need at least 25 Mbps to watch on Sky Glass. If you're unsure what broadband package you currently have, it's worth running a speed test – there are a number of free services available, including Fast (provided by Netflix) and Speedtest. During the checkout process, Sky will estimate the broadband speed currently available at your property to ensure that you don't order Sky Glass to someone without enough bandwidth to stream live television over the internet. If that applies to your home, you're best suited to pick the older Sky Q box, which relies on a satellite connection and therefore doesn't use broadband for live telly (although watching catch-up services, boxsets from Netflix, and downloading on-demand movies will all require a solid Wi-Fi connection). If you want a little more detail about how this older box performs in 2022, read our five star Sky Q review. You can add a Sky Broadband package during the checkout process for Sky Glass (provided the internet supplier is available at your current address), however, you don't necessarily have to use the broadcaster's broadband with Sky Glass. The custom-designed QLED TV can be used with broadband from any provider, including BT Broadband, Virgin Media, TalkTalk, Vodafone and others. If you're looking to save on the monthly cost of Sky Glass, it's worth checking out the best broadband deals in the UK today. If you've signed up for Sky Glass, be aware that you'll face an extra £5 per month cost after the first 12-months. By default, Sky will waive the £5 per month cost of its Fast Forward Ads upgrade for the first 12 months with its all-new QLED TV. As the name suggests, this allows you to fast-forward through the adverts when watching shows from catch-up services like ITV Hub, UKTV Play, All4, and more. Since Sky Glass doesn't have a built-in hard drive, it doesn't physically record shows, sports fixtures or movies. Instead, it bookmarks these programmes from various catch-up and streaming platforms, from ITV Hub to Netflix and brings them all together in the Playlist menu. If you don't pay the £5 per month cost after 13 months with Sky Glass, you'll have to sit through commercial breaks when catching up on any shows you missed after the fact. This applies regardless of whether you've decided to spread out the cost of Sky Glass with an interest-free repayment plan or paid outright for the telly. READ MORE