Ofgem regulates the companies which run the gas and electricity networks in the UK. Chief executive Jonathan Brearley spoke with Naga Munchetty on Thursday as the BBC Breakfast presenter skewered the boss over soaring energy costs. She pointed out the “unfairness” of the standing charge system as Jonathan admitted the fees were one thing they were “considering” when looking at how to help those struggling with the cost of living crisis. Naga began: “Many people particular on pre-payment meters pay a standing charge. “Now for anyone who doesn’t know what that is it’s a cost that is applied automatically before any gas or electricity is used and there have been reports of people who have disconnected their homes from gas and electricity because they are so concerned. “This standing charge can be up to £1 a day. Isn’t that a simple thing you can get rid of?” The Ofgem boss replied: “Well one thing we are doing is looking at the way that standing charge is made up. Read more: Carol Kirkwood laughs off awkward moment after Naga Munchetty swipe “We are looking at components of it to see potentially if it can be reduced.” “The reason it’s there is it pays for the network infrastructure that supports us and gets energy to our homes,” he continued. “Look Naga these things aren’t simple because if we take the cost away from there and put it in on the unit cost, I talk to families with disabled children who have huge energy bills and if we put it on to the volume charge so the price per unit their energy bills go up. “What we need to do is make sure people pay as fair a cost as they can for their energy and make sure ultimately we manage through this as best as we can.” “It’s not a fair system though, is it? Because people are being forced to disconnect their homes from energy,” Naga hit back. “That’s why we’re looking again at how the standing charge is made up to see what we can do,” he replied. Naga pressed the Ofcom chief executive on a timeline for these changes. “Look it will be a change that will come through in the coming months so it’s hard to give a specific time but we’re hoping it will be for this winter,” Jonathan answered. DON'T MISS'You're still under investigation!' Angela Rayner blasted by Jon Kay [INTERVIEW]Dan Walker makes BBC Breakfast nod during 5 News debut [VIDEO]BBC host leaves Javid stumbling in defence of Boris after boos [INSIGHT] Jonathan joined BBC Breakfast to discuss the Storm Arwen report which concluded electricity networks provided an “unacceptable service” to thousands of customers. The storm left nearly one million homes without power. He said: “The fact of the matter is the network companies were not ready for this. “There are lots of things they need to do to improve the resilience of the network to make sure people are restored quickly and to make sure principally people are even communicated to. “This report sets out clear actions with clear deadlines and says to the network companies you need to pay back £44million to the customers and communities that suffered as a result of those actions.” Storm Arwen brought severe wind, rain and snow across the country on November 26. Three people died in the storm as gusts of up to 100mph hit the UK. The Ofgem boss has told energy companies to "up your game" and "get ready for winter". BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.