Manchester United star Andreas Pereira is willing to return to Old Trafford, according to reports. It’s been claimed on Friday that the Brazil international has been offered to Benfica as part of a swap deal for Darwin Nunez. And, now, it’ll be fascinating to see what unfolds as the start of the summer transfer window edges closer. Manchester United had been expected to sell Pereira to Flamengo, where he spent last season out on loan. But, with that transfer collapsing, it seems like the Brazilian’s future is currently uncertain. Earlier on Friday, it was reported that Pereira had been offered in a swap deal as the Red Devils look to land Nunez from Benfica. And, now, ESPN have claimed the Samba star is willing to return to United to hear what Erik ten Hag has to say. The duo previously worked together at PSV Eindhoven in the Netherlands. And with Ten Hag keen to have more technical players at United, it’s still possible Pereira will have a role to play. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Pereira wants regular first-team football as he enters the prime years of his career at the age of 26. Whether the Red Devils choose to keep him, or are indeed trying to get rid, remains to be seen. It appears United are keeping their options open when it comes to the midfielder, who also had an underwhelming loan spell at Lazio two years ago. And though Ten Hag has been given a ‘large’ transfer budget, the Red Devils also want their new boss to maximise the potential of the existing squad. It’s going to be a big summer of change at Old Trafford as the club chase a first Premier League title since 2013. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag They’ve already confirmed Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard are heading out the exit door. Edinson Cavani is due to follow, with the Uruguay international’s contract also expiring. United will lose veteran goalkeeper Lee Grant, too, while it’s possible they’ll sell Dean Henderson, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Anthony Martial, Eric Bailly and Axel Tuanzebe should the right offers arrive. Regarding incomings, Nunez seems to be one of their priorities. The Uruguay international scored 34 goals across all competitions for Benfica last term, establishing himself as one of the best young players on the planet. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Frenkie de Jong, of Barcelona, is also on their radar. And United admire Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres, too, of Ajax and Villarreal respectively. Meanwhile, former United star John O’Shea has had his say on what awaits under new boss Ten Hag. And he feels his old side must get their recruitment right if the Dutchman is to succeed where his predecessors have failed. “Everyone knows it’s going to be a huge challenge,” he said. “You need results too. It’s going to be a case of what players he can get in. That will ultimately be the key. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He looks like he has got that hunger and appetite to really compete at the top from his first press conference, which I thought was quite impressive.” And, when quizzed on Pogba, he added: “I played with Paul a long time ago and obviously he was super talented back then. “I am sure he is hoping that he finds that consistent level of performance that he wasn’t able to find at different stages of the season. “Unfortunately, he had a few injuries and couldn’t get back to that level. “I think it’s gotten to the point where a fresh start for everyone is probably the best scenario.”