Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are due to arrive back in the United Kingdom for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, bringing with them their daughter Lilibet. Meghan and Harry's return with Lilibet have sparked speculation from royal watchers that the couple intends to perform a christening over the Jubilee weekend. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Presenter Isabel Webster on GB News said: "This is pure tittle-tattle, this is not backed up by anyone official. "But I have heard a rumour that it is Lilibet's first birthday, isn't it on Saturday, they might try and get her christened whilst they're over in the UK. "And some suggestion that if Her Majesty is free on Sunday who knows it's not confirmed it is pure tittle-tattle but that was a rumour I heard." Royal commentator Pandora Forsyth continued: "That would be great but also would that then be taking away the spotlight from the Queen, I'm kind of hoping in a way that she isn't christened because I think it will take everything away." Saturday is also the first birthday of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's daughter Lilibet, amid speculation the Queen will get to meet her namesake for the first time and possibly attend her christening when Harry and Meghan fly back for the Jubilee. The commemorations kick start with the traditional Trooping the Colour military spectacle on Thursday, involving more than 1,500 officers and soldiers and 350 horses from the Household Division. But the Queen's attendance is only likely to be confirmed on the morning, with royal fans hoping to see her appear on the balcony with her family for a special flypast, and possibly even review the troops. In the evening, more than 3,000 beacons will be set ablaze across the UK and the Commonwealth in tribute to the Queen, with the principal Tree of Trees beacon illuminated outside the Palace. Meanwhile, the Queen's plane was forced to abort a landing in London on Tuesday as she travelled home to Windsor Castle, according to reports. The monarch, 96, was travelling from Balmoral when the 13-seater was caught in an electrical storm, rain and hail which forced the pilot to abandon landing on the first attempt. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "The Queen's flight was delayed due to a lightning storm, all the correct procedures were followed and there were no safety concerns." Earlier on Tuesday, Buckingham Palace said the head of state had arrived back at her Berkshire royal residence. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'trying to control' Jubilee narrative after snub [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan's new TV show 'smacks of desperation' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [ANALYSIS] She had travelled to Balmoral on Thursday for a short break in order to pace herself ahead of the busy four-day weekend of festivities. Millions across the country are set to take to the streets for parties and Big Jubilee Lunches this weekend in honour of the nation's longest-reigning monarch. It is the first time in history Britain has celebrated a royal Platinum Jubilee. Patriotic tributes to the Queen around the UK include a life-size woollen knitted monarch plus corgi made by Holmes Chapel Community Yarn Bombers in Cheshire, and a 5ft 3in Victoria sponge cake in the shape of the sovereign by social media star Lara Mason.