The Government's plan to deport asylum seekers to Rwanda was blocked at the last second after intervention from the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR). The ECHR ruling enabled legal representatives of the asylum seekers, due to be flown out last night, to make successful applications. Therese Coffey, the Work and Pensions Secretary, has said the Government will appeal the decision. She added that she is "highly confident" the next plane will take off. The plan was extremely divisive – while charities and campaigners have branded the Rwanda policy cruel, Home Secretary Priti Patel has argued it is the only way to stop people smugglers from profiting as a result of illegal immigration. Last night's intervention has also sparked a debate about whether the UK should remain a part of the European Convention on Human Rights. Prime Minister Boris Johnson hinted yesterday that he could look at withdrawing the UK from the convention, saying all options are under "constant review". Surprisingly, his predecessor Theresa May — an ardent Remainer — also called for the UK to withdraw from the convention back in April 2016. She campaigned long and hard for the UK to remain in the EU, but argued that the UK Parliament can often find its hands tied by adhering to the convention. She said: “The ECHR can bind the hands of parliament, adds nothing to our prosperity, makes us less secure by preventing the deportation of dangerous foreign nationals – and does nothing to change the attitudes of governments like Russia’s when it comes to human rights. “So regardless of the EU referendum, my view is this: if we want to reform human rights laws in this country, it isn’t the EU we should leave but the ECHR and the jurisdiction of its court.” Then Shadow Justice Secretary, Charles Falconer, condemned Mrs May for her comments, describing them as “so ignorant, so illiberal, so misguided”. Mrs May has not supported the Rwanda policy however – in April she questioned the “legality, practicality and efficacy” adding: “Where is the evidence that this will not simply lead to an increase in the trafficking of women and children?” The ECHR was set up in 1959, and is an international court which deals with cases where states are accused of violating the European Convention on Human Rights. READ MORE: Duncan Smith insists UK must 'rely on our own courts' on Rwanda Created amid the global conflict of World War 2, it aims to ensure that states will never again be able to abuse people's rights. The UK was the first country to ratify the convention in 1951, and it later came into full effect in 1953. A right to a fair trial, the right to liberty and security, prohibition of torture and cruelty and the prohibition of inhuman and degrading treatment are among the rights listed. It has now been ratified by 46 countries who form the Council of Europe, and these nations are bound by its judgements. Contrary to common misconception, the ECHR is not related to the EU. While Brexit represented the UK’s departure from the EU, it is still a member of the Council of Europe and therefore remains beholden to the European Court and European Convention on Human Rights. DON'T MISSIs the ECHR an EU court? Why Britain is STILL bound to Europe's rules [INSIGHT]Priti could have forced Rwanda flight off the ground  [ANALYSIS]GMB viewers demand Richard Madeley be removed over Rwanda question [INSIGHT] The Human Rights Act of 1998 enshrined the European Convention on Human Rights into British law, allowing the rights guaranteed by the convention to be enforced in UK courts. But the Government has vowed to scrap the Human Rights Act and replace it with a new Bill of Rights, as promised in the Conservative Party's 2019 manifesto. Last year, a coalition of more than 220 organisations hit out at the Government for threatening to change the Human Rights Act. A letter from charities, trades unions, and human rights bodies said: “While every system could be improved, and protecting rights and freedoms for all is a balancing act, our Human Rights Act is a proportionate and well-drafted protection for the fundamental liberties and responsibilities of everyone in this country. "The act guarantees the rights to free speech and expression, to life, to liberty, to security, to privacy, to assembly, and to freedom of religion or belief. It prohibits torture and guarantees fair trials and the rule of law. “Judicial review is an indispensable mechanism for individuals to assert those rights and freedoms against the power of the state. "Any government that cares about freedom and justice should celebrate and protect these vital institutions and never demean or threaten them.”