Emma Raducanu has a tough opening match on her return to Wimbledon as she will face recent Surbiton and Gaiba champion, and strong grass-courter, Alison van Uytvanck. The 19-year-old made her Grand Slam debut at the All England Club a year ago as the 338th-ranked wildcard and returns as the 10th seed and US Open champion. Raducanu is in the opposite half of the draw to world No 1 Iga Swiatek and 23-time Major champion Serena Williams so could only face them in the final, but has this year's Australian Open runner-up Danielle Collins and in-form world No 3 Ons Jabeur in her quarter. Projected route to the final by seeding: First round - Alison van Uytvanck Second round - Caroline Garcia / Lily Miyazaki Third round - Madison Keys JUST IN: Rafael Nadal makes history at Wimbledon before tournament even begins  Round of 16 - Danielle Collins Quarter-final - Ons Jabeur Semi-final - Anett Kontaveit Final - Iga Swiatek / Barbora Krejcikova / Paula Badosa DON'T MISSAndy Murray opens up on feelings after his mum was sexually assualtedAndy Murray backtracks on sad Rafael Nadal commentDjokovic and Nadal handed Wimbledon boost after Ruud comments   There are concerns over Raducanu's fitness ahead of her Wimbledon homecoming as the Bromley teenager has played just 33 minutes on the surface so far this season. She was forced to retire injured seven games into her opening match at Nottingham against Viktorija Golubic after picking up a side injury. The world No 11 withdrew from Birmingham the week after and was expected to play in Eastbourne this week but opted not to ask for a wildcard and did not compete in an exhibition match at the Hurlingham Club. But her team is confident she will be at Wimbledon, where she has two Brits in her part of the section - Lily Miyazaki and Katie Swan. Raducanu has not spoken publicly since injuring herself in Nottingham, where she said: "The first game an absolute freak, I think I pulled something, I am not really sure what exactly happened. I was thinking ‘I don’t know how I am going to do this’. But if you do something in the first game people will be like ‘Well why did you walk on to the court’. I definitely tried to get through it but in the second game I called the physio on and at the first changeover she was trying to do some work but even from there she told me it was going to be really difficult to continue." 