Chelsea have reportedly opened the door to a Romelu Lukaku loan deal after £100million was pumped into the club. The loan deal could see Lukaku return to his former team Inter Milan, just one year after the Belgium international quit the San Siro to move to Stamford Bridge. Chelsea endured an uncertain second half of the last campaign as Russian former owner Roman Abramovich put the club on the market after he was sanctioned in the wake of his country’s attack on Ukraine. A consortium led by American Todd Boehly completed their takeover of the Blues last month. And they have now invested their nine-figure sum into the club in the form of new shares. The Blues had been banned from undertaking any transfer deals during Abramovich’s final months in charge. But the restrictions have now been lifted - and Lukaku could be moved on. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel persuaded club chiefs to stump up a staggering £97.5m to sign Lukaku for a second time after the striker had previously spent three years at Stamford Bridge during the early part of his career. And the ace banged in four goals in his first four appearances after putting pen-to-paper on a deal in west London. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd target Tielemans opens door for Leicester exit But he soon started to falter and finished the season with just 15 goals in 44 games as he struggled to even muster a place in Tuchel’s starting line-up as the season wore on. And, according to football journalist Gianluca Di Marzio, negotiations have now begun over a proposed move back to Italy for the 29-year-old, with Chelsea open to the idea of sanctioning a temporary transfer. Chelsea will demand a loan fee for the ex-Manchester United star. And the deal will have to satisfy the Blues and Inter financially if it is to go through. DON'T MISS England player ratings vs Germany: Four players struggle in draw Arsenal star Saka offered Man City transfer advice by Theo Walcott Man City respond to Bukayo Saka Arsenal transfer rumours      Tuchel spoke about Lukaku’s future when Chelsea were unable to sign new players. And the German revealed the forward was still part of his plans. “I want him to be an important part of the squad,” Tuchel explained last month. “Right now, he is a very important part of the squad next season. There is no way, no recruitment, no players about to leave because it is simply not possible. “If the situation changes, we need anyway to adapt all the time to contractual situations, individual situations of the players, what we want and think, and what the development will be. We signed a big player, and he is still a big player.” But with transfer restrictions now lifted, Tuchel could well have a change of heart and ship Lukaku back off to Serie A. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 