Trooping the Colour will return to London on Thursday, June 2, and this year the Queen's annual birthday parade will also kick off the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Queen is usually joined by working and extended Royal Family members on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the traditional RAF flypast after the parade. But Buckingham Palace confirmed in May that only working members of the Royal Family will appear alongside the Queen at the event this year. Some of the working royals set to appear include Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William, the Duchess of Cambridge and the Queen's cousins, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Gloucester and Princess Alexandra. A Palace spokesman said: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday, June 2, will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen." The Palace spokesman added: "In addition the Cambridge and Wessex children are also expected to appear as is Sir Tim Laurence, who the Queen is happy to attend as a frequent attendee and support for the Princess Royal on official engagements." The palace statement confirmed that several non-working royals will not appear at the event, including Prince Andrew, Prince Harry, the Duchess of Sussex, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie.  READ MORE: Princess Eugenie and husband Jack to move to Portugal The Queen's decision to have only working royals on the balcony was a "practical" one in light of recent events, according to royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams. He told Express.co.uk: "The Queen’s decision that only working royals can appear on the Buckingham Palace Balcony after Trooping the Colour is practical. "She knows it is out of the question that Andrew appear and that, given that issues linked to the Sussexes are so sensitive and highly publicised, this was the best solution on this iconic occasion." Prince Andrew stepped down from public duties in 2019 after a disastrous interview with BBC Newsnight about his association with the late convicted sex offender, Jeffrey Epstein.  Andrew also recently faced a civil case in the US brought by Virginia Giuffre, who alleged she was trafficked to Andrew by Epstein at the age of 17. The Duke of York vehemently denied all of the allegations. The civil action ended earlier this year when the parties reached an undisclosed settlement, and Andrew made no admission of liability. The Duke of York has faced a public fall from grace over his association with Epstein, and his honourary military titles have not been restored since they were returned to the Queen in early 2022. There was much speculation over whether Andrew would appear alongside the Queen at the Trooping the Colour celebrations before the palace released its statement. DON'T MISS:UK loves the Queen as new poll shows what Britain thinks of Queen [ANALYSIS]Three bizarre things that will change under reign of King Charles [INSIGHT]Queen's Jubilees in pictures: Best moments from the celebrations [PICTURES]  There were also questions about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's attendance at Trooping the Colour this year, and whether they would travel from the US for the celebrations at all. But in early May, the couple's spokeswoman released a statement that read: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children." Harry and Meghan's turbulent exit from the Royal Family in 2020 resulted in both stepping down from their working royal roles entirely. The couple subsequently moved to the US in pursuit of a new and more private family life, but rumours of a rift between the Sussexes and the Royal Family remained rife.  The dramatic situation was further escalated when Meghan and Harry gave a bombshell TV interview to Oprah Winfrey in 2021 in which they spoke of how they felt unsupported by the royal institution. Meghan also said there were "concerns and conversations" about how dark their son Archie's skin would be when he was born. Neither Harry nor Meghan confirmed who in the Royal Family made the comments. A statement from Buckingham Palace was subsequently issued, reading: “The issues raised, particularly that of race, are concerning. "While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately." 