Citric acid is a compound originally derived from lemon juice and it can be purchased in boxes from most supermarkets. It aims to help target limescale and can sometimes be used as a substitute for white vinegar. Cleaning sensation Lynsey Crombie, who has more than 260,000 followers on Instagram and regularly appears on This Morning, has recommended to steer clear of using citric acid on natural stones and woods. Due to citric acid being derived from lemon juice, it can cause deterioration and damage to certain surfaces. She told Express.co.uk: “In the kitchen if you have granite, marble or quartz worktops, then never use citric acid. “It will damage them, stick to products designed for these types of surfaces.” According to the cleaning expert, citric acid will break down the outer coating and leave a “cloudy appearance”. READ MORE: Lawn: Common causes of ‘patchy’ grass and how to revive it Lynsey added: “Avoid using on wooden furniture and if you have wooden floors, so do not use if your floors are coated in a wax sealant.” Instead, when cleaning stone surfaces or wooden flooring, the Queen of Clean recommended looking for specific products for that area. She explained: “Always look for products specific to the material type. “For woods, look for products that contain an orange oil as this will clean and protect. DON'T MISS:I tried The Pink Stuff 99p paste to clean my towel radiator - results [PICTURES]‘Essential’ way to help ‘thicken’ grass and maintain ‘fabulous’ lawn [EXPERT]Pests: How to ‘naturally repel’ moths this summer [EXPLAINER] “For hard natural stone surfaces, look for products such as Method Granite and Marble cleaner." Citric acid should also never be used to clean electronic screens such as computers and televisions. It can remove the protective layer placed on top of screens to prevent scratches. Once used to clean surfaces such as natural stones, wood and electronics, it is very hard to reverse the effects the citric acid has caused. However, citric acid can be great for cleaning and it is a safe way to get rid of bacteria, mould and mildew. It is also relatively cheap with a box of the powder costing around £2. It can also be used to descale the kettle, remove browning from the toilet as well as target limescale problem areas. Lynsey added that citric acid can be used on hard water stains, soap scum and to clean washing machines and the dishwasher. To clean kettles, pour a tablespoon of citric acid into the appliance along with some water. Turn the kettle on and the citric acid should begin to fix as it reacts with the limescale. Pour the water down the sink once the kettle has finished boiling and rinse the kettle before using. Using citric acid around the home should be done so with caution as it can be toxic for pets.