During an appearance in Holyrood on Tuesday, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon confirmed she will look to hold a second Scottish independence referendum on October 23 next year. The poll would come less than a decade after Scots decisively opted to stay in the 315-year-old Union by 55 percent to 45 percent. Despite describing the 2014 referendum as a "once in a lifetime opportunity" for separatists, Ms Sturgeon told MSPs the Lord Advocate has approached the Supreme Court and stated the Scottish National Party will stand on an IndyRef2 platform at the next general election if the UK's highest court rejects her plea. However, the First Minister also claimed she has a mandate to request a Section 30 order from Boris Johnson's Government after last year's Holyrood elections. Over half of the 129 MSPs in the Scottish Parliament represent anti-Union parties, including 64 from the SNP and seven from the Greens. Her mandate in the 2021 Holyrood election does not appear to have been reflected among voters. An opinion poll conducted by SavantaComRes found just 40 percent of Scots believe a referendum should be held in October 2023. JUST IN: 'Twice as loud!' Remoaner Steve Bray returns to Parliament Square after amplifiers seized In comparison, more than half, 53 percent, told the polling company a referendum should not take place. The survey also gave the 'No' campaign a narrow lead over the independence-backing 'Yes' side. When undecideds were excluded, the poll showed 51 percent of Scots would back the Union, with 49 percent intending to vote to sever ties with the UK. John Swinney, Scotland's Deputy First Minister, also caused confusion after he claimed a simple majority in the next general election would give the SNP the mandate to hold a second independence referendum. READ MORE: 'SNP recruiting sergeant!' Lib Dems blast Boris and reject Unionist pact to block IndyRef2 In a correction post on Twitter, Mr Swinney said: "When Gary Robertson asked me about a "majority of seats" this morning on BBC Good Morning Scotland, I only picked up on 'majority'. "Referenda, including de facto referenda at a UK General Election, are won with a majority of votes. Nothing else." However, Unionists were quick to pounce on Mr Swinney's comments. Pamela Nash, chief executive of the pro-UK campaign group Scotland in Union, said: "It took less than 24 hours for Nicola Sturgeon’s plan to plunge into confusion – although she probably wasn’t expecting her top lieutenant to be responsible. 