Sam Robertson has featured in Coronation Street on and off since 2005. However, the actor has now firmly secured his place in the ITV drama as Adam Barlow. Married to Sarah Platt (played by Tina O'Brien) and with a law firm on the cobbles, he has laid down his roots so, it seems unlikely that he will be going anywhere soon. With Adam a key member of the Corrie cast, soap fans are keen to learn more about the Scottish actor himself.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street. The character of Adam Barlow was first played by actor Iain De Caestecker as a child for two years before leaving in 2003. Actor Caestecker has since gone on to feature in Agents of SHIELD, Us and Roadkill. Sam appeared on cobbles in 2005 as Adam, taking on the role of Mike Baldwin's (Johnny Briggs). The youngster left Coronation Street to run Peter's betting shop a few years later in Portsmouth, but soon made a comeback in 2016. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist  Actor Sam Robertson was just 18-years-old when he made his first appearance in Coronation Street. The Adam Barlow star was born on October 11, 1985, which currently makes him 36-years-old. He will turn 37 in just four months' time, where he is bound to celebrate with his friends and family. Unfortunately, it isn't believed that Robertson is currently in a relationship.     The Corrie actor was previously romantically linked to former Arsenal footballer Alex Scott. The pair were seen enjoying a cosy evening together at the Soho restaurant Dead Street Townhouse. However, talking on The One Show in February, Alex stated that she was single, so their romance must have fizzled out, but it is not clear when that happened. Nevertheless, Sam's character Adam's love life is better than ever.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow to become Toyah's next victim [THEORY]Coronation Street fans predict Toyah's pregnancy as Adam exposes lies [REACTION]Lorraine Kelly to front new ITV series away from chat show  [EXPLAINER]     Adam, who married Sarah in 2020 are still together, despite some major downfalls during their brief marriage. He was accused of cheating on her with his ex-girlfriend Lydia (Rebecca Ryan) from his days at university. However, she had executed the elaborate plan to set Adam up, making Sarah believe he was having an affair with her in order to get her revenge for how she was treated. Thankfully, Lydia did eventually come clean and Adam and Sarah's marriage got back on track.    Adam has had some tragic news recently, as his business partner and friend Imran Habeeb (Charlie de Melo) was killed in a car crash. They were frequently seen together, chatting about their work and personal lives in the backstreet law firm. With Imran now gone, will Adam have to sell the already struggling business or find a new business partner? Coronation Street is available to watch every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm on ITV.  