Former ski racer Ben Clatworthy discussed the planned British Airways strikes with Journalist Mike Graham.   Mr Clatworthy told Talk TV: "Well unions need to give two weeks' notice before announcing any strike action in the first place. "I think ultimately they are looking and have made clear that they want to target the peak summer holiday period. "Now I was told originally that there was some talk of trying to hit private schools when they break up. "To affect those that may be flying in BA's club world, their business class. JUST IN: If Theresa May hadn’t capitulated to EU we wouldn’t be in this mess! ARLENE FOSTER     Mr Clatworth added: "Although someone said to me yesterday that actually the school of thought now is to go jugular and to go for the main school holidays when countries up and down the UK break up. "To try and inflict maximum damage on BA that way, it's worth saying this is 700 members of check-in staff and other ground handlers, people that scan your boarding card at the gate, that help get passengers on and off planes and so on. "So these are frontline as it were airport workers that really will be missed when they do walk out." Trade unions have been facing political backlash for their calls for staff members to strike. READ MORE:Sturgeon risks fury as SNP 'almost certain' to have changed laws to secure Queen consent     The travel industry in the UK has been the centre of discussion due to rail workers striking across the country causing mass disruption for commuters. Airport staff and railways staff state one of their main reasons for demonstrating are due to wanting high pay. The Government have been pushing back on calls for wage increases in certain sectors as they claim it will worsen inflation on the British economy. Other sectors such as the NHS in the UK have been in talks about possibly going on strike. DON’T MISS: Brexit vote IN FULL - how your MP voted on the Northern Ireland Protocol [REVEAL]Police seize Brexit Man’s Bray’s speaker under new law banning ‘noisy protests’ [INSIGHT]'Scotland will not be a prisoner' Sturgeon announces date for new independence referendum [SPOTLIGHT]   The Travel expert has given possible dates for the British Airways strikes, to warn Britons who are set to use their services this summer.