KSI has offered Jake Paul and Tommy Fury a co-main event slot on his upcoming undercard after Fury was denied entry to the US, putting the fight in jeopardy. Tyson Fury’s brother had attempted to fly out to New York on Monday to attend the press conference for his fight with Paul but was prevented by homeland security from boarding his flight. On Tuesday, ‘TNT’ took to Instagram to inform fans about the situation: “Me and my team arrived this morning at Heathrow Airport. Ready for the press conference. Ready to fly out. And as soon as I entered the airport, I got pulled to one side and I was told by a Homeland security officer that was there that my ESTA had been denied and I wasn't able to travel to the USA for a reason that I apparently know. "I can stand here and say I've done absolutely nothing wrong, and I have no clue why I am not allowed to travel to the USA. Like I say, I've been training for a fight this whole time and that's all I've been doing. I have no clue why they would not allow me to travel today. Neither does any of my team, or my lawyers.” Now, British YouTuber KSI – real name JJ Olatunji – has reached out to Paul to offer the fight a lifeline. He tweeted: “Clearly your card is dead in the water at this point. So lemme give you a lifeline. If you TRULY want to fight Tommy, fight on my card as the co main event. I’ve got everything set up for you. Best believe you owe me though. Ball is in your court. #ItsAWinWin @tommytntfury.” Before adding: “Can bring [Amanda] Serrano with you too. Can’t say I’m not generous.” Paul and Fury are set to face each other on August 6 at Madison Square Garden in New York but with Fury unable to enter the country there are serious doubts as to whether the contest will go ahead. The press conference which was due to take place on Wednesday has been cancelled as a result of the situation, but according to ‘The Problem Child’ his adversary will be able to make it to America if he follows the steps laid out by his team. He tweeted: “Tommy, no matter how hard u try to get out of this fight, I’m going 2 do everything in my power 2 not let u weasel ur way out. My team & my partners have made it clear the steps u need to take 2 solve ur latest excuse. Take them or admit ur a scared little bitch. #TommyFumbles.”