A source has claimed that the Duke of Cambridge has a strong, negative opinion over his uncle and finds his behaviour “dangerous”. Prince William reportedly wants the Duke of York cut off and removed from the public view and if it was up to him, he would have already acted accordingly. The source told the Daily Mail: "He has strong views on the Duke of York and believes his insistence in trying to cling on to a public role is highly dangerous for the institution. "He would have cut him loose a long time ago if it had been up to him. "He understands that when it comes to mother and son the situation is complicated, but honestly I think he just wishes he would vanish from public view." Many Express readers responded to these claims with enthusiasm, with some praising the future King over his strong stance and intentions. READ MORE: Woman claims Epstein raped her while Prince Andrew there An Express reader with the username Kathykathy said: “Yes Andrew is finished, no way back and he needs to accept that!” Another reader with the username Didius added with enthusiasm: “Good for you William!” And someone with the username SerenaWest agreed with Prince William saying: “Andrew is a threat to the Royal Family.” In February, Prince Andrew paid millions to settle a US civil sexual assault case. He has always vehemently denied the claims and the settlement is not an admission of guilt. The Duke of Cambridge turns 40 years old today, but he will not receive a traditional honour in celebration of his birthday, reportedly because of his uncle’s damaging reputation. DON'T MISS: Queen's funeral details leaked as new planning includes guest listsExpert reveals why Zara and Mike Tindall are 'very much in love'Spanish Princess, daughter of Queen Letizia, finishes school in Wales Traditionally, the future KIng’s birthday, like other senior royals’ birthdays, would be marked by the flying of Union flags on UK Government buildings. But, following the strong controversy sparked over Prince Andrew, this has changed, with the Queen and her son and heir, Prince Charles, being the only royals to receive the honour. Prince Andrew, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Earl and Countess of Wessex and the Princess Royal have all been cut from the list. The Sun reported the wider cull of family members was made to spare any embarrassment for Andrew.