Virgin River fans are patiently awaiting the show’s fourth season to land on Netflix to watch the aftermath of Mel Monroe’s (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) shocking revelation. Ahead of the premiere, the actress was recently named as a major inspiration for her co-star Zibby Allen.  Viewers were introduced to Brie Sheridan (Zibby Allen) as Jack Sheridan’s (Martin Henderson) troubled younger sister. After Jack had been shot, she relocated to the town to help her brother’s recovery with his girlfriend Mel’s aide. While she was in Virgin River, Brie also developed a blossoming relationship with Jack’s army friend Dan Brady (Ben Hollingsworth). This relationship was then shaken after Brady was arrested on suspicion of shooting Jack and though he denied it, police found the same type of gun used in his car. READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action With Brady in custody for potentially shooting her brother, Brie was left confused and bewildered by the turn of events. She was even advised to move on romantically, by Detective Mike Valenzuela (Marco Grazzini). As he stated: “Brie if you wanna stick around, it’s your call. “But if you want my opinion, you’re wasting your time. You could do a whole lot better.”  Thankfully for fans, Virgin River will make its highly anticipated return in July and fans will soon be able to see Brady’s outcome and how it will affect Brie. Ahead of its release, the actress spoke on the Chatting with B podcast and answered some fan questions. When asked about her inspirations, Allen responded: “I’m very easily inspired, I’m one of those people that can get online and scroll through to see someone being nice to someone and instantly cry. “In general, I’m inspired by kindness, I think kindness makes the world go round and I’m always trying to lead with that.”  DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Doc star pays tribute to co-star Annette O’Toole [INSIGHT]Virgin River plot hole: Netflix fans fume over glaring medical error [BLUNDER] Allen then went on to name her co-star Alexandra Breckenridge as her professional inspiration. She shared: “Women who really stand in their own worth and their own value and lean into what they’re good at and lean into their authentic voices regardless of what people think. “Honestly, Alexandra Breckenridge has turned into a great friend, she’s inspirational to me. “I love watching her navigate this career, this business and being on the show.”  The actress explained: “I pay attention a lot to what she does and how she does it because I find her to be very inspiring.“ Virgin River’s return will also shed light on Hope McCrea’s (Annette O'Toole) after her car accident. When she was driving home, she collided with a truck and then rushed to the hospital and left with a traumatic brain injury. Virgin River season four returns to Netflix on Wednesday, July 20. 