Golf star Grayson Murray has refused to apologise for his remarkable antics during the final round of the US Open on Sunday. Murray shot an insane 10-over par to finish 18-over to finish the major, and he was clearly frustrated at his poor play. Murray made the cut at the US Open, the third major of the year, to reach the final day of the event held at The Country Club, Massachusetts on Sunday. He endured a nightmare final round as he shot 10-over par to slip to 18-over - and the American let his frustrated emotions run amok. The 2017 Barbasol Championship winner took to social media after he was heavily criticised for his actions during his awful final round, as he threw his putter overarm after a triple bogey. Later, he snapped one of his irons as he began to unravel. Murray shot the worst round of the day, and he refused to apologise for the way he acted. The 28-year-old tweeted: “Will never apologize for wearing my emotions on my sleeve. READ MORE: McIlroy shows class as he gets involved in Fitzpatrick celebrations “US Opens are brutal. If this offends you it’s your problem.” Murray’s horrible Sunday began with a birdie, but that was as good as it got for the American and he was sent crashing back to earth as he bogeyed the second hole. He was still level for his round when he reached the 7th hole, but that was where it all fell apart. Murray lost his cool for the first time when he made a quadruple bogey eight, launching his putter like a javelin into the rough. He made an eighth hole par, but he was sent off the rails with another frustrating hole on the 9th. He shot a triple bogey seven on the 9th, which meant he had dropped seven shots in three holes. Murray found the fairway with his tee shot on the 10th, but he pulled the approach shot and decided to snap his iron over his right leg. DON'T MISSMickelson and LIV Golf stars subject of vicious Schauffele digPhil Mickelson hits fan with ball at US Open as others rush to his aidDP World Tour take different stance to PGA in decision over LIV rebels It’s not the first time Murray has been embroiled in controversy over his conduct on a golf course. The American hit headlines with compatriot Kevin Na recently, with the two almost coming to blows after Na called out Murray in Mexico after he had been slating the 38-year-old on Twitter for his slow play. Murray took to Twitter last week to tag Na after finding out the pair were assigned neighbouring lockers at the US Open, and appeared to have great amusement in replying to those who doubted he would make the cut. Murray shot an opening round of 75 but followed it up with a 67 to make it to Saturday. However, rounds of 76 and 80 saw Murray finish with just one player below him in the standings: amateur Stewart Hagestad.