Arsenal are set to receive a boost to their summer transfer budget, with Mikel Arteta reportedly set to sanction the sale of Ainsley Maitland-Niles. Nottingham Forest are claimed to be keen on signing the England international and the Gunners are willing to let him leave. Maitland-Niles spent the second half of last season on loan in Italy with Roma. After initially being a starter under Jose Mourinho, he lost his spot in the side. He was convinced to stay at Arsenal last summer by Arteta and technical director Edu. However, he made just two Premier League starts before requesting a January exit. And now it appears likely the 24-year-old will leave the Emirates on a permanent basis. The Mirror says promoted side Forest have made Maitland-Niles a top target and the Gunners are ready to sell. READ MORE: Arsenal 'willing to pay over £42m' for midfielder as Roma 'return' for Granit Xhaka  Forest are back in the top flight for the first time this century. Manager Steve Cooper knows Maitland-Niles from earlier in his career in the England age group teams. Cooper is set to be backed in the summer transfer market and the Arsenal star looks set to be one player through the door. Maitland-Niles came through the ranks at Arsenal and has made 132 appearances for the club in all competitions since his debut in December 2014. He is valued at £9million by transfermarkt.co.uk, with his contract expiring at the end of next season. Arsenal are keen to strengthen their squad this summer and any money brought in can help towards their budget for new signings. Arteta wants to add players to both attack and midfield in this window. Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus is his top forward target, with Leicester's Youri Tielemans the preferred option in the middle of the park. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'increasingly confident' of De Jong transfer as 'deal in principle agreed'Man Utd put forward 'higher proposal than Liverpool' for Darwin NunezTottenham to hand Conte transfer boost with new weapon to help Paratici  Arsenal were reluctant to allow Maitland-Niles to go out on loan but Arteta explained in January why he permitted him to do so. The Spaniard said: "Ainsley came to me and explained the reasons why he thought that the best thing for him in his career right now is to move away. "He believes that the opportunity to move to Rome and work under Jose is a really good one. We already had this conversation in the summer and we decided to keep him at the club and assess the situation in December, but with the amount of minutes that he has played, he’s entitled to that opportunity. "When a player feels that way and has a strong argument like he has, it’s very difficult to turn it away, so we decided to let him go and we wish him all the best."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here