Liverpool have given Sadio Mane their word that he can leave Anfield for Bayern Munich providing the Bundesliga champions satisfy their valuation of the player, who has headed off on holiday and left the club and his agent Bjorn Bezemer to resolve his future, Express Sport understands. The 30-year-old frontman netted four times in two Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers for Senegal during the international break, including a hat-trick in the 3-1 triumph over Benin and the crucial winner in a 1-0 victory over Rwanda. Following the long-awaited conclusion of a gruelling campaign that saw the winger lift the Africa Cup of Nations, Carabao Cup and FA Cup aloft, Mane has now headed off on his travels to relax and recharge the batteries, while Liverpool remain locked in negotiations with Bayern over a potential transfer. Bayern, to date, have seen two bids rebuffed by the Reds - the latest of which was dismissed as 'laughable' by Anfield chiefs. The offer was potentially worth up to £30m but included £6.5m in add-ons, which required Bayern to win the Champions League and Mane to lift three Ballon d'Or trophies. Now Bayern are preparing to return to the table and there is internal confidence that a third, improved bid - if structured correctly - could be enough to get the deal over the line. READ MORE: Taylor's Tuesday Transfers: Tottenham's Spence bid, Everton eye Chelsea deal, Arsenal fury Express Sport understands Mane is 'least worried' about the hold-up due to his excellent professional working relationship with both Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp. He is also confident an agreement will be struck in due course. The Champions League and Premier League winner has asked the Reds to grant his request of a transfer this summer and Liverpool have given him their word - providing an acceptable proposal arrives on their doorstep. Mane is now understood to have agreed terms with Bayern, who are prepared to offer him a lucrative, three-year contract in Munich. The move is now edging ever closer and following the completion of Liverpool's signing of Darwin Nunez, there is optimism in Germany that Mane will become a Bayern player very soon. His decision to leave Liverpool was communicated to his team-mates and Klopp in the final stages of the season ahead of the Champions League final in Paris against Real Madrid. After eight seasons in the Premier League with both Southampton and Liverpool, Mane feels this could be his last chance to try a new experience in one of Europe's top five leagues. He has already held dialogue with Bayern Munich head coach Julian Nagelsmann, who sees Mane as the perfect signing for his high-pressing game. Bayern are also hopeful that the arrival of Mane could help entice Robert Lewandowski into an unlikely U-turn over his future as the Polish international angles for a move to Barcelona. Should Lewandowski depart for pastures new, Mane could go a long way in helping Bayern fill the void left behind by the Bundesliga record-breaker. Unlike attacking partner in crime Mohamed Salah, Mane was not willing to fulfil the final year of his contract at Anfield, having failed to reach an agreement with Liverpool over an extension. Although he was not willing to force through a move, he told the club that he would prefer to depart on good terms this summer, a decision that would allow Liverpool to dip into the transfer market for a new forward. Once a transfer is agreed, Mane will leave with Liverpool's best wishes after winning almost every prize that is up for grabs at club level - besides the Europa League and Community Shield. He has been integral to Liverpool's recent success and was the first marquee signing of the Klopp era in the summer of 2016 when he joined from Southampton for a fee of £34m.