The Undeclared War is going to be airing on Channel 4 tonight (June 30) at 9pm. The government cyber thriller has been co-written by seven-time BAFTA winner Peter Kosminsky. Express.co.uk takes a closer look at the forthcoming drama. The Undeclared War promises to take viewers on a compelling ride as Britain finds itself under cyber attack. Set in a post-pandemic UK and in the run-up to the next general election, GCHQ (Government Central Headquarters) will find itself battling off the attack on the nation’s electoral system. GCHQ will be in a race against time with the story told from the perspective of intern Saara Parvin (played by Hannah Khalique-Brown), who finds herself trying to get ahead of the opponent. They will also have to enlist veteran members, who have expert knowledge of the Cold War if they are to figure out their rival’s next move. READ MORE: The Undeclared War episode 1 cast: Who is in the Channel 4 series? While trying to combat this threat, the government will be trying maintain calm among the public with most people unaware of the gravity of the situation. The Undeclared War was commissioned back in April 2021 with co-writer Kosminsky saying at the time: “The series is based deep within the least-known arm of the UK’s intelligence infrastructure, GCHQ. “The story we’re now able to tell casts an extraordinary, revelatory light on the hot, undeclared war taking place right now in the world’s newest and most invisible domain of conflict – cyber.” There is a total of six episodes in the drama, which is a co-production between Channel 4 and American network Peacock. Each instalment will be airing on a weekly basis on Channel 4 in the same Thursday night time slot. However, if you prefer to binge your TV, The Undeclared War is available in its entirety on All4 now. So for those who can’t wait until this evening, the show can be viewed right now as a boxset. The Undeclared War is also expected to be available on Peacock’s platform internationally outside of the UK. Kosminsky and the rest of the production team carried out copious amounts of research over three years, gaining an insight into the cyber security industry both in the UK and America. The acclaimed writer said: “The Undeclared War has been many years in the making. It imagines how the next few years might play out in the domain of cyber warfare – a battle unseen by the public but with potentially devastating consequences. “In my work, I’ve tried to shine a light on aspects of public policy which affect us all but where the details of what is taking place, often behind the scenes, are not well understood.” He added: “I hope this drama will give audiences an insight into a world certain to impact our lives significantly in the years ahead.” DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opts out of property search [VIDEO]Emmerdale theory: Nicola King to exit as she murders beloved villager [ANALYSIS]America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition [INSIGHT] The Undeclared War features a stellar cast led by Olivier-winning actor Adrian Lester as Britain’s first black prime minister Andrew Makinde and Hollywood star Simon Pegg as GCHQ’s head of operations Daniel Patrick. The show will also star Oscar winner Mark Rylance as John Yeabsley, an intelligence operative brought out of retirement to assist. The Undeclared War reunites Rylance with Kosminsky after the pair previously worked together on the BAFTA-winning mini-series Wolf Hall. Other cast members in the drama include The Crown’s Alex Jennings, Nitin Ganatra, Edward Holcroft, Ed Stoppard, Hattie Moran, Maisie Richardson-Sellers, and Kerry Godliman. The Undeclared War airs on Channel 4 tonight at 9pm and the full series is on All4 now