Liverpool will almost certainly decide against chasing a move for Real Madrid playmaker Marco Asensio between now and the start of next season, according to reports. The Reds have moved quickly to add three new players to their ranks since the end of the previous campaign, with Fabio Carvalho, Darwin Nunez and Calvin Ramsay having already signed on the dotted line at Anfield. Liverpool have also been tipped to further improve their squad in advance of the new season by launching a move for Asensio, who has been linked with the Merseyside giants as well as AC Milan over the last few months. Those in power at Anfield are happy with their current squad, though, and will not push to land the Spaniard before the on-pitch action gets back underway, according to Fabrizio Romano."I think that would be really difficult," Romano told wettfreunde when quizzed on the possibility of Asensio joining Liverpool over the coming weeks."It could maybe be something for the end of the transfer window, in case Liverpool decide to change their position. But at the moment they say internally that they are happy with the squad they have. JUST IN: Arsenal chief Edu may have secret weapon to beat Tottenham to £65m ace "It could depend on the impact of the young players who signed them. For example, Fabio Carvalho, who was fantastic in the league at Fulham and who is believed to be ready for the first team to play at the highest level at Liverpool."Of course, while we're preparing, we'll have to wait and see how it develops and everything else. Nothing is in sight for Marco Asensio as Liverpool are very happy with Darwin, Carvalho and Ramsay."They are very happy with their transfer window. They are already thinking about new contract extensions. They plan for the future and not just for the present." It remains to be seen whether Liverpool will eventually have a change of heart with regards to Asensio, who has struggled for regular first-team minutes at Real Madrid over the last few years. He is only contracted to the Spanish giants until the end of next season, which suggests that a cut-price move could soon be on the cards in order to allow his current employers to recoup a fee for his services.Meanwhile, other reports have suggested that Asensio would rather join Milan over Liverpool due to concerns over whether he would be set to play a bit-part role for the Reds. Spanish publication Sport have claimed that the 26-year-old feels intimidated by the array of talented players already on the books at Anfield and would prefer to negotiate a move to Milan, where he would stand a better chance of taking on an important role in the middle of the park. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here