Moths can be a nuisance at night, flying around homes and constantly flickering when close to a light source. Moths have a strong sense of smell, which they use to find shelter and accessible food sources. Luckily, there are several different scents to use around the home which can help keep moths out. Jordan Foster, Pest Control Expert at Fantastic Services, told Express.co.uk: “There are a few ways you can easily prepare for moth season so that moths will not enter your house in the first place. “Use cedar around your home for starters. “A cedar tree naturally repels moths and insects, preventing them from moving in and laying eggs. “Plus, it smells lovely.” READ MORE: How to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture The expert also recommended using vinegar. He said: “You can use vinegar for just about anything. “When it comes to repelling moths from your closet or storage box, it works perfectly. “As vinegar has a strong acidic smell, it is proven to repel moths from the area and cleanse it of dirt, dust, moth eggs and larvae.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 20p hack to remove toilet stains - ‘cheap’ [COMMENT]‘Simple’ ways to keep houseplants ‘happy’ and ‘healthy’ in summer [EXPERT]Sarah Beeny shares ‘common pitfalls’ people make when renovating [INSIGHT] Lavender, mint, clove, thyme and rosemary are other scents also thought to repel moths. Moths are most attracted to the lights in and outside homes. According to the expert, it is bright artificial lights that often attracts them. They are also nocturnal, so they’re around during the evenings and through the night. Jordan said: “Turn off exterior lights when possible and shade windows in lighted rooms at night to keep moths away. “It is best to use dim low-voltage lighting, motion-activated lighting, or LED lights with a warm colour temperature, as these are less attractive to moths and insects.” There are also times when moth infestations arise from other problems, including clothing. A moth egg is tiny and can stick to the clothing fibres. Jordan recommended inspecting for moth larvae before bringing any new clothes home. The pest expert added: “Consider washing new clothes before putting them in your wardrobe or storage. “The best way to eliminate moth eggs from your clothes is to wash them in warm or hot water before storing them. “Keep your home dust-free and vacuumed too.” While there are many things you can do to keep moths out of the home, there are also certain things to avoid when a moth infestation occurs. Jordan explained: “Do not use pesticides or products for moth treatment without checking their toxic properties first. “Untested pesticides can actually make an infestation worse. “These can also cause health problems if transferred to your skin through your clothes or bedding, they can also cause harm to pets.”