 Football legend David Beckham expressed his admiration for Queen Elizabeth II in a video message that was beamed onto Buckingham Palace during a star-studded pop concert in celebration of the Platinum Jubilee this weekend. In his message to the Queen during the ‘Party at the Palace’ event on Saturday night, the former footballer said: “For 70 years you have worked so incredibly hard, not just for the people of this country but also for the whole Commonwealth.” He went on: "Thank you ma'am for your dedication, your service and for everything that you represent.”  He concluded by saying: "Our country owes you so much.” David, 47, and his wife Victoria, 48, are known to be quite friendly with members of the Royal Family. In 2003, David was honoured by the Queen with an OBE for his services to football, and Victoria was made an OBE in 2017 for services to the fashion industry. They were also invited to the weddings of Prince William and Kate Middleton in 2011 and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in 2018. David is firm friends with the Duke of Sussex, 37, and Meghan and Victoria were introduced privately by their husbands. Meghan, 40, and Victoria bonded over their shared love of fashion, but the pair reportedly fell out in 2020, provoking an “awkward” conversation between David and Harry. The two were said to have argued after Meghan accused Victoria of leaking stories about her following the emergence of private details surrounding their friendship in the media. After deciding to take matters into his own hands, Harry allegedly approached David about the rumours.  A source told The Sun in 2020: "Harry was very polite, but obviously it was a pretty awkward exchange and David was mortified. "Inexplicably, [Meghan] feared Victoria was behind it — I mean, the idea that Victoria Beckham would be personally ringing journalists to give them a scoop is ridiculous — and spoke to Harry about it. "Harry is very protective of Meghan, and decided to deal with the matter head-on, by directly contacting his good pal, David. “He quickly put Harry right, and the two men agreed to move on — but it certainly made things awkward for a while.”  The details in question were a bunch of beauty tips Victoria had shared with the duchess ahead of her move to London. The source said: “It later turned out the leak probably came from a beauty salon. Afterwards, they got things back on track, but it took a few months.” Reports of tension between the couple came around the time of Meghan and Harry’s shock announcement that they were leaving the Firm. David publicly supported his friend in his decision to step down.  In a video, he said: "We love him. But I'm proud to see him growing up as an individual and being that person that every father wants to be. "Every father wants to be loving to their children and that's what I see with him.” This week, Meghan and Harry have returned to the UK for the first time with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana, who turned one on Saturday. The family have kept a low profile throughout the celebrations, putting to rest fears about the Sussexes overshadowing the Queen as she celebrates her monumental milestone. Meghan and Harry were spotted briefly in the windows of Buckingham Palace during Trooping the Colour on Thursday, and made their first, and only, official appearance at the Service of Thanksgiving for the monarch at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday.  The couple did not attend Saturday’s ‘Party at the Palace’ and it remains unknown whether they will attend the final events on Sunday. The A-listers will celebrate people who have made incredible contributions to their communities. David and Victoria, on the other hand, will host a special Jubilee lunch for inspirational individuals as part of the Jubilee celebrations.  The Beckham’s Big Jubilee Lunch will air as part of the Platinum Pageant on BBC One.