HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has confirmed fraudsters are sending out scam text messages in a bid to steal Britons’ personal details and hard earned cash. It’s warning more than two million (2.1) million Tax Credit customers to watch out. Tax Credits customers who are being asked to renew their annual claims before July 31, are being warned to look out for messages and phone calls purporting to be from HMRC. HMRC says criminals are mimicking Government workers in an attempt to deceive people, convincing them to hand over personal details which can be used to steal cash. In the 12 months leading up to April 2022, nearly 277,000 people contacted HMRC about suspicious phone calls, text messages and emails. The current HMRC scam which is doing the rounds involves a scammer calling someone and threatening arrest. READ MORE: PIP explained: 10 myths preventing Britons from earning £627 a month  The automated message warns people they are at risk of arrest and can be quite frightening. A different approach involves fraudsters claiming the victim’s National Insurance number has been used fraudulently. However, HMRC will never ring anyone out of the blue threatening arrest. On its website, HMRC said: “HMRC is aware of an automated phone call scam which will tell you HMRC is filing a lawsuit against you, and to press one to speak to a caseworker to make a payment." DON'T MISS'Not easy' Widow, 65, struggles on late husband's 'small' pension [ALERT]Santander launches account with 2.5% rate - does it beat inflation? [UPDATE]Dave Ramsey suggests how man, 60, can get by in retirement [INSIGHT] It continued: “We can confirm this is a scam and you should end the call immediately. “This scam has been widely reported and often targets elderly and vulnerable people." Myrtle Lloyd, HMRC’s director general for customer services, said: "We’re urging all of our customers to be really careful if they are contacted out of the blue by someone asking for money or bank details. “There are a lot of scams out there where fraudsters are calling, texting or emailing customers claiming to be from HMRC." He continued: “If you have any doubts, we suggest you don’t reply directly, and contact us straight away. “Search GOV.UK for our ‘scams checklist’ and to find out ‘how to report tax scams’." HMRC also reminded people it does not charge Tax Credit customers to renew their annual claims. Britons need to be alert to misleading websites or adverts designed to make them pay for Government services that are actually free. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea HMRC also issued three tips to help people spot a scam: 