Footage circulating on social media shows the Svyatogorsk Lavra Monastery on fire, in the Donetsk region of Ukraine. Donetsk, located in the Donbas area, has seen some of the most concentrated fighting and shelling of the war in Ukraine so far. The All Saints Monastery of the Svyatogorsk Lavra dates back to the sixteenth century, and is constructed largely of wood. Kyiv Independent journalist Agatha Gorski took to Twitter to post a video of the church engulfed in flame. She wrote: "The wooden All Saints Monastery of the Svyatogorsk Lavra in Donetsk region is on fire due to Russian shelling! "The Lavra dates back to the 1500s. Second time Russia shells it."  The monastery has previously appeared on a list compiled by UNESCO of the Ukrainian cultural sites destroyed or damaged during the Russian invasion. A web page linked to the Ukrainian Orthodox Church, headquartered in Kyiv, described the "large scale fire" erupting as a result of "hostilities".  They wrote in a press release: "On June 4, 2022, as a result of hostilities, a large-scale fire broke out on the territory of the All Saints Hermitage of the Holy Dormition Svyatogorsk Lavra. "The flames completely engulfed the main temple of the monastery. READ MORE: China to ‘block the flow of global trade’ with island ‘militarisation'  "This was reported by the Information and Education Department of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church. "There is no information about the dead and injured at the moment." In March alone, just shy of 60 religious buildings were destroyed in the Russian invasion effort. Most of these were Orthodox churches, with their stained-glass windows often smashed and religious symbols defaced or destroyed. DON'T MISS: Ukraine Live: Russian forces betray Putin as troops refuse to fight [LIVE] Brexit POLL: Should UK rejoin EU single market? [VOTE] Sturgeon treated like ROYALTY at Jubilee thanksgiving service [REPORT]  In the bombarded port city of Mariupol, which was claimed by Russian forces last month, the Orthodox Cathedral of St Michael the Archangel was reported to be "severely damaged". The Dormition Cathedral, also occasionally known as the Assumption Cathedral, is Ukraine's oldest Orthodox Church, based in Kharkiv. It was shelled by Russian forces on March 2, but no civilians were injured.   The targeting of holy or cultural sites is often classified as a war crime under international law. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky promised to "restore the cathedral so that no trace of war remains there". 