Tyson Fury is ready to make a U-turn on his recent retirement to face Anthony Joshua, but will only take the fight if £500m is put up. The Gypsy King walked away from the sport after knocking out Dillian Whyte in April at Wembley Stadium to retain his WBC heavyweight title.  However, after several weeks of speculation, Fury has officially confirmed that he will continue fighting and could even have an exhibition match while he waits for the result of the Joshua and Usyk rematch in mid-August. In a recent video, Fury took to Twitter to reveal that the fight with Joshua would lure him out of retirement, but only for the right price. He said: “Just a quick message to let everybody know, that I The Gypsy King am happily retired. But to get me out of retirement considering I don’t need the money and I don’t need the aggravation; it’s going to cost these people half a billion, £500m.” Fury's announcement comes after a talk on the Queensbury Promotions YouTube channel with Frank Warren revealed that there was some exciting news regarding Fury's comeback. "We’ve got very exciting news coming, I think the world’s been waiting for a plan of action. We had a long conversation about lots of stuff, and Frank, do you wanna take it from here?" said Fury. Warren then took over, saying: "We looked at a couple of scenarios, I spoke to Tyson again today, and we’ve hopefully come up with something that Tyson wants to do. We were talking about various scenarios, maybe an exhibition bout – we don’t know, but something will come out of it. Once Tyson’s happy, then I’ll be happy, and whatever’s gonna be will be. "It goes without saying that the public will want to see Tyson back in the ring, where he’s king. I wanna see that. I get where Tyson is, and I understand what he’s said, and people decide they’re gonna retire and come back in a couple of years’ time. I like fellas to fight when they’re in their prime, and for me, Tyson Fury isn’t in his prime [yet]. I’m sure we’re gonna have some good news that we can be announcing fairly soon."  Fury remains the WBC heavyweight champion and has been given time by WBC president Mauricio Sulaimán to make his final decision on whether to vacate. When asked by talkSPORT whether he will vacate the green strap, he responded: "No, I'm not gonna give it up because I've got 12 months. I'll just keep it as long as possible. I'll keep that in my pocket as long as I want. I'm not holding this division up because I own it, this is my division." Fury's US promoter Bob Arum remains confident that Fury will fight again. In an interview with FightHype, he said: “Tyson Fury is retired and he will be retired until we come to him with the next big event and then he will unretire. Well, I think Fury is going to wait to see how the [Anthony] Joshua fight comes out with [Oleksandr] Usyk, and then he’ll make a determination whether he wants to continue. Other than fighting the winner of Joshua vs Usyk, there’s really nothing that’s really of interest to Tyson Fury, so we will have to see.” Fury has previously stated that he believes Usyk will once again emerge victorious against ‘bodybuilder’ Joshua and had rejected any chances of fighting the Watford powerhouse, but is now open to fighting the winner of Usyk-Joshua. "When this middleweight knocks out this bodybuilder, there’s only gonna be one man to sort this absolute circus out, isn’t there? I am a prize-fighter and I do fight for prizes, but it’s gonna cost if you want me to do a mission on this middleweight and show you what a real heavyweight does to him," Fury told Queensbury Promotions. "That’s gonna be expensive, you’re gonna have to have deep pockets, and we can even talk then. Until [they fight], I’m gonna stay in Morecambe, training like a lunatic."