Andy Murray has been warned by pundit Peter Fleming of three players he should be worried about at Wimbledon if the Scot recovers from his injury in time to compete. Murray picked up an abdominal injury in his Stuttgart Open final defeat to Matteo Berrettini, and was ruled out of competing at Queen’s this week. Fleming was commentating for BBC during their coverage of Berrettini’s 6-3, 6-3 Queen's first-round victory over Brit Dan Evans, and was asked which players he would put above the Italian ahead of Wimbledon. “Well, I would put [Novak] Djokovic above him, if [Rafael] Nadal plays he goes up there," the American said before he was asked if Murray would feature in that last spot. “No, I wouldn't put him above Berrettini. I think that Andy is of danger, he is definitely the sort of guy that nobody is going to want to play but to expect him to win seven matches, best of five sets, that is asking a lot at this point don’t you think? “I don’t think that it matters that much whether he is seeded or not because he has played all these matches, he should be sharp going into his first-round match. “If he had to play a seed in the first round, nobody is going to want to have to do that. No one is going to want to play him, so if he wins that match, because he would expect to beat a lot of seeds, now he is right in the seeds draw. “If you are going to go deep you are going to have to beat a seed at some point.” Murray would have been seeded if he was victorious in Stuttgart, but after suffering an injury early in the third set he was defeated 6-4, 5-7, 6-3. On Monday the Scot confirmed he picked up an injury and would miss Queen’s, an event that Murray has previously won five times. “After having a scan this afternoon, an abdominal injury means I won’t be fit to compete at Queen’s this year,” Murray said. “The tournament means a lot to me, and it’s disappointing not to compete, especially after playing some good matches on the grass already.” Ahead of Wimbledon, Murray has called on the media to let teenage star Emma Raducanu “be who she is”, as she is set to compete at the event for the first time since becoming a top 15 player. “I think there needs to be a level of trust and respect between the player and the media,” he told Matt Graveling. “I also had problems early in my career where maybe certain things that I said got taken out of context or jokes that I might have made turned into big stories and big headlines where it turned things a bit sour and negative. “Just let her be who she is, and you know, she might say some things that are a joke or that she maybe doesn’t mean or whatever.”