Mohamed Salah has been crowned the PFA Men's Player of the Year. Liverpool star Salah won the Premier League Golden Boot, alongside Tottenham's Son Heung-min, and has now lifted the PFA award for a second time. The Egyptian also registered the most assists in the English top flight last season, with 13 to his name. Salah first won the award in the 2017/18 season. He beat Manchester City's Kevin De Bruyne, who was second in the voting. De Bruyne had lifted the trophy for the previous two seasons. Cristiano Ronaldo was among the nominees, 14 years after he lost won the award. Tottenham striker Harry Kane and Liverpool duo Virgil van Dijk and Sadio Mane were also in the running. READ MORE: Man Utd respond to Liverpool's Darwin Nunez deal as Erik ten Hag makes 'priority' clear  On winning the award, Salah spoke of his delight to have been voted by his peers. He told the PFA website: “It’s a great honour to win a trophy, individual or collective and this one is big so, very happy and very proud of that. "This one is a really good one to win, especially because it’s voted by players. It shows you that you’ve worked really hard and you get what you worked for. "I have my room with trophies in a cabinet and I made sure that I had another space for one more. I always keep space and just try to imagine that the trophies are going to come." Liverpool missed out on the Premier League title on a dramatic final day as City pipped them to top spot. Salah says he has matured as a player, which was shown in his creativity this season. DON'T MISSLeeds drop major Phillips transfer hint amid Man City interest [REPORT]Football club gets life ban for scoring 41 own goals in 59-1 defeat [NEWS]Arteta makes Saliba stance clear as hint given over Arsenal role [REPORT]  He added: "When you get older, you feel like you’re more stable and you know exactly what you want from football so I’m just trying to really chill and help the team. "That’s why I think I also won the playmaker because it’s like you’re more aware of the game, so you just try to make the people next to you better and try to make yourself better as well.” City star Phil Foden was named PFA Young Men's Player of the Year. The England star was not in the PFA Team of the Year however, with Tottenham ace Son also not featuring. PFA Team of the Year in full: Alisson, Cancelo, Van Dijk, Rudiger, Alexander-Arnold, De Bruyne, Thiago, Bernardo Silva, Salah, Ronaldo, Mane. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 