Sally is best known for playing matriarch to the iconic Emmerdale family, Faith Dingle, and has held the role for the best part of five years. The beloved character is always getting herself into trouble on the ITV soap and although she does everything with the best of intentions, it never comes across in such a way. Having become a national treasure on-screen and in the world of the theatre, Sally never seems to stop and fans are curious to know whether she has any children who stay out of the public eye. Does Emmerdale actress Sally Dexter have any children? Faith has quite the brood on the show, with the character having two children, seven grandchildren and countless great-grandchildren to look after. The character is a natural because although she does always argue with her young, she does embody the essence of maternal love and care. However, life is very different for the actress away from the camera as she does not appear to have any children of her own. Sally rarely speaks about her private life and when she has, there has never been any mention of a family beyond the long-term partner who she lives with. It has not been explained why the soap star doesn't have any children but there is one little energetic presence in her life. READ MORE: Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' The actress and her long-term partner do have a young cockapoo, who made his first appearance on-screen during the pandemic. It was when Sally had an interview with ITV's Lorraine that she decided to show her dog on camera. Speaking with the host of the show, the soap star revealed the name, saying: "This is Button, Lorraine, we've just gone to mush. "It's fantastic, we have just gone completely puppy brained over here," she continued and the puppy will be over one-year-old now. Because the actress rarely uses social media, there are no recent pictures of the puppy on Instagram or Twitter for fans to see. The eldest of Faith's children is village bad boy and soap stalwart, Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley), who she gave birth to after an affair with Zak Dingle (Steve Halliwell). Just four years later, she gave birth to a daughter, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), who was the only child she had with Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine). They both have children of their own, with Cain's four offspring being Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb), Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter), Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn) and Isaac Dingle (Elias Walker). Chas also has three children, with Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller) being her eldest and then she had two daughters with Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt); Grace and Eve. Debbie is the only grandchild to have had children of her own as she has a daughter in Sarah Sugden (Katie Hill) and a son in Jack Sugden (Seth Ball). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT] At the moment, none of them know Faith has been diagnosed with secondary breast cancer and there is a chance this could be the end of her. The doctors have informed the beloved character her cancer is terminal but they could give her treatment to allow her a lot more time to live. Currently, Cain's wife Moria Barton (Natalie J Robb) is the only member of the family to have discovered what is going on. Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) has also found out by accident and they have both been trying to encourage Faith to tell her children. It is likely in upcoming scenes, she will have to tell the truth as secrets don't stay harboured for long in the village. Discussing the reason why her character hasn't told her children, Sally has explained Faith's thought process behind the secrecy. Sally said: "I think there is that chance in her mind that she thinks that the worst outcome is that they find out that she’s got cancer, and they don’t care – she’s alone. "And that’s probably the hardest thing of all. "I think she feels if she does reveal her worst fears, suddenly she will be a different person in other people’s eyes. "They will not see her, they will see her condition rather than her as a person, and they’ll treat her differently." The actress continued to explain: "She’s fearful that, particularly with Cain, he will pity her but still despise her. "And there’s no chance that they can have a proper, honest, full mother and son relationship without it being tinged with 'Is he just being guilt-ridden?' "And responding to his mother out of guilt rather than responding to his mother because he loves her. "She doesn’t know exactly the situation with her, physically, and she wants to keep it to herself until she knows exactly what it is. "She doesn’t want to worry anybody necessarily, and neither does she want them to start pitying her, if there’s nothing – especially if there’s to be pitiable about." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.