The celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee to mark her 70-year reign conclude this afternoon. The Jubilee Pageant caps off an extended bank holiday weekend of festivities to honour Britain’s longest-serving monarch. Ed Sheeran will sing the national anthem at the grand finale of the event after a huge procession at The Mall. The tributes to the Queen are among the largest since she was crowned in 1953, a year after she acceded the throne. “To scrutinise her personality and the positive decisions she's made as well as the negative decisions. “I would go so far as to say – and I say this tentatively – that the Queen isn't always a very good judge of character.” Dr Owens pointed to two events involving her son Prince Andrew, which he claimed showed that the monarch is not always a good judge of character. One was allowing Andrew to use Buckingham Palace for his now-infamous ‘Newsnight’ interview about his links to Jeffrey Epstein, the other being her decision for the Duke of York to accompany her at Prince Philip’s memorial service in March. Andrew walked his mother down the aisle at Westminster Abbey for the service to remember the Duke of Edinburgh, his first public appearance since he settled a civil sexual assault case in the US — allegations which he vehemently denies — which his laywers say is not an admission of guilt. The monarch’s gesture of support for her son ruffled feathers within the Royal Family, according to Dr Owens DON'T MISS: Princess Eugenie in shock move to Portugal as Harry and Meghan prepare for Frogmore return [LATEST]Prince Andrew is living 'high life' during his visits to Queen at Windsor Castle [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: ​​Should Meghan and Harry appear on balcony during Jubilee? [ANALYSIS] He said: “We know that Prince Charles and Prince William were unhappy with this decision to give Andrew such a prominent role at the memorial service. “And I would suggest that this was a misstep on the part of the Queen. She would have okayed that decision personally. “And I think she has demonstrated an indulgence towards Andrew, who as we know, is an extremely problematic figure.” Dr Owens also hailed the Queen for her longevity and her abilities to steer the Royal Family through troubling times. He said: “I think in her Jubilee year, clearly there is much to celebrate in terms of the fact that she's kept the monarchy going. “If you look at sort of historic precedent, so many of the great European monarchies have collapsed as a result of being unable to keep up with the times, but also things like social revolution, war.”