It's been a big week for Sega, with the iconic name in video games revealing the first ever Sonic Frontiers gameplay which is being followed up with a mysterious live stream. The upcoming Sega live stream is taking place on Friday June 3 with a start time of 12pm UK time. The event is being live streamed on YouTube, and it's rumoured a new mini console - either the Dreamcast Mini or Saturn Mini - could be getting announced. Details on the live stream - which you can watch by clicking play above - are few and far between, but we do know the Sega event will feature executive manager Hiroyuki Miyazaki and creative producer Yosuke Okunari, and be hosted by Misuzu Araki. This is interesting as Miyazaki-san and Okunari-san featured in the 2019 stream that announced the Mega Drive Mini. A Sega Twitter post announcing the event alluded to this past retro console too, with a picture of a cake in the shape of a Mega Drive controller being posted alongside stream details. This could be a pretty heavy hint that another retro console is on the horizon.  So far Sega has released two retro consoles in recent years, which followed on from Nintendo's success with the NES and SNES Classic Minis. These retro consoles are the Sega Mega Drive Mini and the Game Gear Mini. While a Saturn Mini would surely excite plenty of fans of 90s gaming who grew up during the 32-Bit era, the Dreamcast Mini may be the more likely option. Okunari-san previously said he would like to see a Dreamcast Mini, so this might be the most obvious candidate for a new Sega retro console. If a Dreamcast Mini is the next Sega retro console there will be tonnes of incredible games that could feature on the device.  The Dreamcast had a short life cycle, but in its less than three years on sale brought with it plenty of revolutionary changes. From pushing online gaming, to a second screen in the controller thanks to the VMU, to revolutionary open-world games such as Shenmue the Dreamcast was a console well ahead of its time. Besides Shenmue, games that could feature on a potential Dreamcast Mini include candidates like Virtua Fighter 3, Sonic Adventure, Crazy Taxi, Jet Set Radio, Virtua Tennis, Sega Rally 2 and Metropolis Street Racer. Other Dreamcast classics include the original Soul Calibur, beloved RPG Skies of Arcadia and Power Stone. 