The UK is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, is one of the largest economies in the world, is a nuclear weapon state with substantial military force projection capability and has soft power networks around the world which are unmatched by any other country. Since the 1970s, the UK has, in spite of these strengths, turned its back on much of the world and focused its diplomacy on Europe. Now is the time to change from being a regional power to a significant global power.To do that, the UK needs to re-engage substantially with the Indo-Pacific region. That is the region of the world which has the best long-term economic prospects yet is the source of some of the world’s most serious security tensions. If the UK re-engages with the region, it can advance its economic interests and do so very fruitfully and it can also contribute to keeping the region stable. I am pleased that the Centre for Brexit Policy has addressed this in its new paper Defining Britain’s Role in the World after Brexit, being launched on Tuesday.As far as the security of the Indo-Pacific region is concerned, its greatest threat is the aggressive and arrogant exercise of power by the China of Xi Jinping. Not only has China disregarded the rules based international system by militarising and occupying contested parts of the South China Sea, it has also disregarded the joint declaration on Hong Kong, issued bloodcurdling threats to Taiwan and infringed very substantially the human rights of its own people in Xinjiang province.China has also endeavoured through economic coercion to reduce countries in the Indo-Pacific region to being tribute states.It has imposed sanctions to punish countries from Japan to Australia for failing to adhere to the dictates of Beijing and it has threatened economic measures in order to keep their countries of Southeast Asia in line.These threats by China must be countered by coalition building of liberal democracies in and beyond the Indo-Pacific region to create a balance of power in the region. This coalition is inevitably going to be led by the United States and its closest allies in the region, Japan and Australia. But the UK, as a major country with historic links to the Indo-Pacific region, can exercise substantial support for that coalition.It can upgrade the Five Power Defence Arrangements which have existed since the early 1970s with Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia and Singapore. It could base naval assets in the region. It could use its substantial intelligence resources to help liberal democratic countries in the region navigate their way through the difficult diplomacy of a rising China.Most recently, China has demonstrated its diplomatic and security aggression in the Pacific Islands region. The UK has long historic ties with that region. Regional governments as well as the people of the Pacific hold are UK in high esteem.After all, many countries in the Pacific were British colonies or dependencies until the 1950s, 60s and 70s.  From the 1990s the UK withdrew from the South Pacific but in recent times has begun to re-engage. Substantial re-engagement in the region assisting Australia and New Zealand in particular will help reduce the capacity of the people‘s Republic of China to embrace those small island states in its sphere of influence.To re-enter the Indo-Pacific region as a substantial player, the UK will need to integrate as a regional diplomatic player. That means in particular becoming engaged with the ASEAN-led regional diplomatic structures. The UK has already become an ASEAN dialogue partner but it needs to take this one step further by joining the ASEAN Regional Forum which is the premier diplomatic forum in the region for security issues.The re-entry of the UK into the region will be assisted by judicious use of the UK’s very substantial foreign aid programme. Helping with economic development in the Pacific, Southeast Asia and Indochina as well as on the Indian subcontinent – which is already a substantial recipient of UK aid – will help not just the economic development task but diplomatic relations with the region. The UK also needs to invest heavily in building economic ties with the Indo-Pacific region. There should be a particular focus on liberalising trade and investment with India and promoting the City of London as the financial partner of choice for Indian corporates.The British government has made the right decision to endeavour to join the CPTPP and should continue to work to try to secure free trade agreements with key Indo-Pacific countries such as India, Indonesia and Vietnam.British interests both economically and in terms of the stability of the international system will be substantially advanced by the re-engagement of the UK in the  Indo-Pacific region.