Kitchens are often named as the most important room in the home as they are where people spend a lot of their time, whether through cooking, baking or socialising. Leanne Ward, 33, from Derbyshire completely transformed her kitchen with only £200 along with the help of her husband Ash. Documenting their journey on Instagram, the couple spoke exclusively to Joseph Joseph to share exactly how they did it. Leanne said: “When we moved in, the kitchen was the one area that I thought we were going to have to rip out and start completely from scratch. “Our plan was to live with it whilst we saved, then look at removing the adjoining wall and making a kitchen diner space, I think I lasted around eight months before looking at budget friendly ways to update it. “I took inspiration from Instagram and Pinterest originally, just focussing on the tiles and cupboards for a quick fix, as I could afford to buy more and collect more ideas, I then moved onto the tile trim, the worktops and floor. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow “Even if you can afford to only do a little bit at a time, small changes can still make a big difference.” When speaking of the transformation, Leanne recommended to do research on products first. She said: “There are so many options available nowadays but it doesn’t always mean the most expensive is the best.” When it came to the cupboard paint, the couple spent £20. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows [COMMENT]Property market showing ‘signs of cooling’ despite rising prices [INSIGHT]‘Natural solution’ for ‘fighting grease’ in the kitchen - and it’s 19p [EXPLAINER] The tile paint was just £15 and Leanne picked up the cupboard handles for £1.25 each from a local DIY store. The worktop vinyl was £45, while the floor paint was £22 from B&Q. Leanne said they spent £17 on the Terrazzo chips, £16 on the floor sealant and £35 on the tile trim. The DIYer added: “My favourite part of the kitchen has to either be the open shelving or the Terrazzo effect floor. “I think both were integral parts of the design that has made the kitchen feel more modern. “The end kitchen unit had glass doors originally with old fashioned lead trim, by simply removing the cupboard doors and painting the inside black it has created a more on-trend open shelving area for me to display accessories and plants. “The floor was the last job I did. I was a little nervous about painting over the original tiles but I knew it would make all the difference to the overall feel of the kitchen. “I saw a couple of people on Instagram who had done similar so I decided to take the risk. “It’s been done 18 months now and it hasn’t budged.” Leanne’s top decorating tip would be to “just go for it” when it comes to painting. She said some ideas don’t always work but “there isn’t much that can’t be painted over to sanded back”. The DIYer continued: “Sometimes it can be scary to make drastic changes or there are limitations with rental properties etc, however there are ways to update a space that aren’t permanent. “Artwork and soft furnishings are a great way to bring colour and pattern into a space without commitment, also there are some great products on the market such as removable wallpaper and vinyl. “There are always ways to create a happy space without breaking the bank.”