BBC Radio 1 star Adele Roberts has begun a new bout of chemotherapy to help her keep bowel cancer at bay and is awaiting scan results to check her progress. The star, 43, who first shared her journey with the disease six months ago shared an update for her Instagram fans. "The day is finally here," she announced to her 200,000 followers, posting a photo of herself in the hospital awaiting a scan. In another picture, she could be seen clutching a bag. "One hospital ‘bag for life’ - Two cups of aniseed drink, a bit of liquid that makes you all hot and feel like you need a wee… and a quick go in the tube. Job done!," she exclaimed. Discussing her "lovely trip in the tube", she added: "Fingers crossed I get the all clear." READ NOW: Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury In the heart-felt post, she thanked a list of people she said had saved her - her beloved partner Kate Holderness, her family and friends, Instagram fans and of course "the amazing Radio 1 listeners for getting me through the last 8months". "You’ve saved me. I promise you," she continued. "You kept me going when I didn’t think I could go on… and helped me keep the faith. "Thank you also as always to the incredible @NHS. You are angels on earth," she added. "I owe you so much and I will be forever grateful for what you’ve done for me." The radio personality admitted she wasn't feeling herself in the hospital, lamenting: "My body isn't my own." She acknowledged that she was feeling "bloated [and] sore" and was struggling to sleep at night, but felt like she was "turning a corner". "Chemo recovery is just as brutal as the treatment itself!" she confided. DON'T MISS... Amber Heard 'doesn’t blame' jury for trial verdict amid ‘unfair’ claim [UPDATE] Johnny Depp's lawyer Camille speaks out on romance claims [LATEST] 'Extreme pain' Dirty Dancing star Patrick Swayze's haunting last words [INSIGHT] Adele told how she had to wait two weeks to get her results to find out if she has sent the disease into remission. In the snaps, the star crossed her fingers hopefully. "Let the #chemo recovery begin!" she announced. She elaborated that she was "grateful for my little pink snipers". Adele went on to add: "Let’s hope they went full ‘Call of Duty’ on the enemy and kicked cancers ass!" More than 17,000 liked the post in a matter of hours and flooded it with messages of support and encouragement. "You’ve been amazing throughout. Hoping for the best outcome for you! X" @katywhite62 wrote. Meanwhile @tanya_mcguinness declared her a "champion" and said she was sending her "biggest prayers". Plus her girlfriend @kateholderness, who she has said she hopes to marry, praised that she was looking very fashion forward in spite of the traumatic circumstances. "Your hospital gown looks very Westwood today," she commented, punctuating her feelings with a heart emoji before adding: "I love you with all my heart my love - good news is coming."