Star Trek’s highly anticipated prequel spin-off is making its highly anticipated return with season two in 2023, which was confirmed ahead of its finale. Star Trek Strange New Worlds is expected to reach new heights after showrunner Henry Alonso Meyers opened up about the different special effects.  After bursting on screens in the 1960s and instantly becoming a worldwide phenomenon, it was just the beginning of the Star Trek franchise. As well as its highly acclaimed television series, Star Trek expanded to various films, video games and comic books. The success of the series resulted in the franchise being worth an estimated $10.6billion (£9.1billion) in revenue. As a result, the multiple instalments of the show have seen a significant improvement when it comes to special effects and bringing space exploration to life. READ MORE: McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce As the highest-grossing media franchise of all time, Star Trek New Worlds’ executive producer Henry Alonso Meyers opened up about the different special effects in season two. He disclosed: “We sort of said to ourselves, imagine what Gene Roddenberry would do if he had the money, the budget and the technology and the sort of sense of character that we have today.” “And that's how we've been trying to approach it.” Speaking to Deadline, the showrunner recalled his conversation about the changes made to the special effects.  He highlighted: “I remember having conversations with Jason Zimmerman, our head of VFX about some sequences where Ortegas is piloting the enterprise through some obstacles. “The notes that we kept having were like, ‘Can we make the ship move in a way that we would have never been able to see it before?’” Meyers added: “I feel like that philosophy goes to every single level of this. “We're trying to approach a character in a way that they wouldn't necessarily have approached the character back then, which sophisticated audiences today would expect.” DON'T MISS...Sue Barker sends public support to Boris Becker [INSIGHT] Star Trek Strange New Worlds' Spock star on avoiding backlash [INSIGHT]Star Trek Strange New Worlds season 2: La’an star drops major teaser [INSIGHT]  Meyers explained: “We're trying to approach effects in a way that makes the little child inside of me excited because I grew up loving science fiction. “But also in a way that you hadn't seen before. “It's sort of about how do you take what was familiar and make it new, fresh, interesting and now.” One of the many ways the show used special effects was with the use of a virtual set technology known as the AR Wall.  It was first introduced in Star Trek: Discovery and then used in Star Trek: Strange New Worlds. As well as bringing the alien worlds to life, it was also used in the pilot episode for Spock (played by Ethan Peck) and T’Pring’s (Gia Sandhu) date on Vulcan. Viewers can look forward to more effects when season two is officially released sometime in 2023. Star Trek: Strange New Worlds is available in the US on Paramount Plus and in the UK on Paramount Plus UK. 