At 78, the soul singer looks fabulous. I grew up listening to her music through the 60s and 70s. But the ability to perform a live show – at least on this occasion – left a lot to be desired. I said to my cousin that I thought it was a dreadful performance, to which she replied: “She wasn’t even that good.” The crowd and backing singers were great but Diana was flat, tuneless and shouted half the lyrics. I had to turn off before she ruined I’m Still Waiting for me forever. I’m tempted to rename her Diana Dross. Carole Burton, Lichfield ------------------------------------- Johnson needs to address problems affecting the UK Despite all his difficulties there is no natural successor to Boris Johnson, inside or outside the Tory party, and there are two years to the next General Election, enough time to get things back on track (“Bullish Boris ‘focused on growing economy’ as he dismisses critics”, June 27). The spectre of Keir Starmer as PM backed up by the wibbly-wobbly Ed Davey would concentrate a lot of minds. Boris has to get on top of the bleeding sores this country faces, such as illegal migration and the economy. It’s hard but possible. Barrie Warren, Bury, Lancs ------------------------------------- PM is right to talk up our economy bouncing back Well done Boris Johnson for being bullish about the UK economy and standing up to his critics yet again. The underlying evidence shows all the signs of growth and green shoots in the UK despite global uncertainty. Unemployment is at a record low and job vacancies are at a record high, yet the establishment bid to turf him out goes on. Geoffrey Brooking, Havant, Hants ------------------------------------- Partygate and living costs crisis too much for Boris I disagree with the headline on Saturday (“Boris vows to fight the next General Election… and win”, June 25). Despite voting for Boris in 2019, I am a realist. The Prime Minister has done an amazing job with the Covid vaccination rollout and is the world leader heading the support for Ukraine against the Russians. Unfortunately, Partygate and the reality of living costs have turned much of the public against him. Jim Sokol, Minehead, Somerset