As prices for petrol hit a staggering £2 per litre in some areas of the country, driving instructors have spoken about just how hard their industry is being hit. The cost of filling a tank has risen so much that some may be driven out of business, leading to a knock-on effect in an area already suffering from testing delays. Bournemouth driving instructor Deborah Axworthy would pay around £46 last year to fill up her car. Now it costs £78 and she has described the situation as ‘soul destroying’. Ms Axworthy, who is chair of the Bournemouth and District Driving Instructors Association, said: “It’s having a huge impact financially. “You’ve got a choice: you either put your costs up or you do less miles and it will take students longer to learn to drive so it will cost them more anyway, so I’ve had to put the prices up.” READ MORE: Tourist given three fines for parking in middle of market square “We don’t want to do that,” she told the Daily Echo. “It’s soul destroying. You can’t do the job to the standard that you want to because you can’t get a test when somebody is actually going to be ready. “Everything from insurance and tyres has increased by probably 30 percent in costs, but you can’t put a 30 percent increase on your lesson price because the people learning to drive are struggling too.” There is only one test centre in Ms Axworthy’s district of Poole, which has exacerbated the situation. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of Facebook scam that could cost them thousands [WARNING] ‘Rip-off’ seaside car parks now charge drivers £35 a day [SHOCKING] Drivers could soon be fined for abusing learner drivers [REVEAL] She added: “I’ve been an instructor for 19 years and from my experience it is not going to improve. “I can’t see it changing unless there's an increase in examiners at Poole. “None of us wanted Bournemouth to close and now there is a six-month waiting list for tests. “They haven’t recruited enough examiners and it’s down to bad management and organisation. “It's not a happy place to be working where it used to be the best job in the world.” A DVSA spokesperson said: “We are doing all we can to provide learners with as many tests as possible and bring average waiting times down to less than 10 weeks by the end of the year. “To tackle the high demand for tests we have introduced a number of measures including, recruiting an additional 300 examiners, conducting out of hours testing such as at weekends and on public holidays and asking all those qualified to conduct tests.” It comes as driving tests are being sold on the black market for more than three times the normal fee. The scam means learners are paying more than £200 to beat a huge backlog caused by the pandemic. An investigation found test slots were being bought in bulk and sold on for profits to learners who would otherwise have to wait months for a test slot. One operator reportedly used automated computer software called bots to book tests as soon as they became available online following a cancellation. Investigators also uncovered evidence that some instructors and other people were being encouraged to resell slots for a profit.