Fans are eagerly awaiting the premiere of Outlander’s seventh season, to find out the fate of their favourite characters, after season six came to a heartbreaking finale. Despite this, viewers have expressed concern about the series forgetting the main characters, as they expand the cast, however, showrunner Maril Davis responded and eased the concerns.  When Outlander first premiered on Starz in 2014, it followed the complicated relationship between Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) and Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan). With the ability to time travel, Claire transported from 1945 to 1743 and married Jamie even though she was already married in the future. After returning home with a pregnancy, things were further complicated, however, the death of her husband motivated her to travel back in time and find Jamie, even though 20 years had passed. Claire had since decided to stay in the past and use her skills as a World War nurse to open her own practice and assist people there. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert As the series continued, the show introduced a number of new and important characters who remained relevant to Claire and Jamie. Most recently, season six saw the addition of the Christie family, which consisted of the patriarch Thomas Christie (Mark Lewis Jones), who knew Jamie in the past. He arrived at Fraser’s bridge with his two teenage children Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) and Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos). Outlander is the onscreen adaptation of a best-selling novel series written by Diana Gabaldon, so fans of the books can expect to see more characters in season eight.  While some were looking forward to the addition of new characters in the upcoming seasons, others have shared concerns this could lead to the show forgetting about Claire and Jamie. In an interview with Parade, Outlander’s executive producer was also to ease concerns as she stated it was a “huge issue.” When asked if the concerns were a problem Davis stated: “I don’t think so, because for me it’s true and certainly in Season 7 there are a bunch more characters that she introduces, that you spend more time with. “But, for me, I always feel even when you are spending time with the other characters, I think of Jamie and Claire as the centre of a wheel.” DON'T MISS...Britain’s Got Talent winner Axel Blake hits back at ‘fix’ claims [INSIGHT] John Bell Outlander nationality: Where was John Hunter Bell born? [INSIGHT]Outlander writer shuts down Jamie Fraser time travel theory [INSIGHT] She continued: “Everyone else’s stories are the spokes, so everything that happens somehow comes back to Jamie and Claire. “Even when you’re not with them specifically, you feel like you are connected to them. “I’m never that worried, I feel like, of course, everyone wants to see Jamie and Claire, so do we. “But there are a lot of great stories coming up. I think they will always be there, so I don’t see it as a huge issue,” Davis concluded.   Thankfully for fans, production is already underway for season seven as the cast and crew are currently filming. Although a release date has yet to be announced, Deadline reported it could premiere later this year or in early 2023. Davis added she is hoping to receive the season eight renewal news before the season seven finale. She disclosed: “I’d love a Season 8, so I think we’re all ready to do it if we get the go-ahead.” Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK. 