The video shows the combined work of Ukraine’s 92nd, 40th and 27th Brigades operating a sneak attack agains the invading force. Both Ukrainian military brigades worked together to locate and find Russia's military equipment before destroying it. The images show Ukrainian forces using heavy artillery to obliterate Russia's equipment accompanied by the sound of loud blasts. The ongoing Russian onslaught on Ukraine has been going on for well over four months now, and Ukrainian forces are doing their best to push back against Russian aggression.  The dramatic footage shows the first shot hit the heavy artillery causing the Russian equipment to explode like a firework. Particles of shrapnel continue to fly up into the air leaving outlines of white smoke as the particles fall to the ground. A big ball of fire can be seen erupting from the target, followed by a cloud of thick grey smoke which continues to pillar up into the sky. JUST IN: If Theresa May hadn’t capitulated to EU we wouldn’t be in this mess! ARLENE FOSTER     Users on social media have been reacting to the footage released by Ukraine's military forces. One Twitter user @MichalNiebly said: "This how missiles explode - white smoke, firework-style burning chunks. It was most likely a rocket launcher (Grad/Uragan or even a SAM), or a stockpile of rockets." @123Kevak said: "Agree, sort of, But with the amount of missiles thrown out I'm leaning more towards a TOS-1 or a supply truck." @MarkJon44075423 said: "Is this equipment or another ammo store?" @ArdentLieutena1 said: "Love it." READ MORE: Sturgeon risks fury as SNP 'almost certain' to have changed laws to secure Queen consent     @DaveyProckett said: "Russians retreated from there but Ukraine never secured it. Now it's back on the front line." @PhantomusBlack said: "Laser guided arty by the looks of it." @KirkHaggerty said: "The Sound of Freedom." From the UK, Boris Johnson has been at the forefront of world leaders offering ongoing support to Ukraine. He recently vowed to train 10,000 of Ukraine's troops every 120 days. Other military experts have been urging the British Government to do more for Ukraine. DON’T MISS:Brexit vote IN FULL - how your MP voted on the Northern Ireland Protocol revealed [REVEAL]Police seize Brexit Man’s Bray’s speaker under new law banning ‘noisy protests’ [INSIGHT]'Scotland will not be a prisoner' Sturgeon announces date for new independence referendum [SPOTLIGHT] Brigadier Chris King, from 104 Logistic Support Brigade, said: "It changed over Easter when we saw the massacres in Bucha.