Britons are set to experience “well above-average” temperatures as the weekend inches closer. However, thunderstorms could arrive by Saturday afternoon.   Met Office Deputy chief meteorologist Dan Rudman, said: “Temperatures will rise through the week, becoming well above-average by day by Friday when many parts of the southern half of the UK are likely to reach 30C or even 33C in isolated spots. “This is the first spell of hot weather this year and it is still unusual for temperature to exceed these values in June. “Many areas will also see some warm nights with temperatures expected to be in the mid to high teens overnight.” Met Office forecaster Craig Snell warned people need “to take sensible precautions in the sunshine”. READ MORE: Prince Louis set to have a different education from siblings He added: “Very high UV levels are expected in the South, meaning people should really avoid being in the sun during the midday hours. “Wearing sunglasses, a shirt, a hat and sunscreen are essential to protect the eyes and skin, and drinking lots of water is important - long exposure to the sun can be dangerous. “People should avoid overdoing it. “We all love the sunny weather, but being sensible can help you avoid a nasty sunburn.” DON'T MISSRyanair horror: 'Drunk' passenger 'handcuffed' and removed from plane [REVEAL]Prince William was 'a little scared’ giving damehood to Sheila Hancock [INSIGHT]Brexit plot: Rejoiners accused of using 'threats and porkies' [UPDATE]  Those with hayfever have been advised to be wary of very high pollen levels, while people are also urged to check in on elderly relatives. The Royal Life Saving Society UK (RLSS UK) warned those looking to cool off in water of the dangers of drowning. Lee Heard, of RLSS UK, said: “Ahead of the expected 30C temperatures in the coming week and with June, July, and August proving to be the months with the most fatalities, it is vitally important that everyone has an understanding of water safety, especially during the summer months. “We have seen a rise in the number of drownings over the last few years, with peaks during the summer.”    However, following the mini heatwave, the Met Office long range forecast warns of thundery showers from Saturday. It reads: “A fine and dry start to this period for most, except for some cloud and rain affecting south Wales, and southwest, central, and northeast England. “These conditions will edge southwards, with just a risk of isolated thundery showers for the southeast. “A northwesterly wind is likely through the weekend, which may bring cooler temperatures, however there is a chance for warm weather to remain in the south.    “Into the beginning of next week, the chance of rain in the northwest persists, but perhaps alongside some slightly warmer conditions than the weekend. “Tending to become drier overall in the latter part of this period, though occasional spells of rain or showers are still possible, mainly in the northwest. “A small risk of thundery outbreaks for the south.”  