Lewis Hamilton is ‘not like Michael Schumacher’ says former Mercedes engineer Philipp Brandle who has compared the two seven-time champions. Brandle, an aerodynamicist who spent six years at Mercedes, claims Hamilton ‘needs to have confidence in the car’ at all times. He said the Briton did not have the ‘technical background’ which allowed Schumacher to achieve so much success. Speaking to speedweek.com, he said: “Lewis needs to have confidence in the car, which is very important to him. “He’s not like [Michael] Schumacher and doesn’t have the technical background. But he can feel the car particularly well.” Mercedes have been unable to match the pace of Ferrari and Red Bull this season with the Silver Arrows now the third-fastest car on the grid. However, Hamilton has notably struggled compared to his new team-mate George Russell. The former Williams man has beaten the former champion in every race bar one this season and is over 30 points ahead in the championship. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton sets Mercedes deadline to join Red Bull vs Ferrari duel Hamilton has scored more wins than Schumacher but both are tied on seven world titles. The Mercedes star came close to surpassing the record with an eighth crown last season before missing out in his battle with Max Verstappen. But, Schumacher’s former Ferrari team-mate Rubens Barrichello has previously claimed Hamilton was the better driver when comparing the two. He said: “Hamilton better than Schumacher? I think so. I competed with both but was only there in the early years of Hamilton, but I think so.” DON'T MISSMercedes hint at Lewis Hamilton and George Russell boost for Baku [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton has perfect opportunity to prove Eddie Jordan wrong  [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton mid-race Monaco GP helmet change explained by Mercedes [COMMENT] However, former world champion Jacques Villeneuve claimed he did not believe Hamilton was the better driver compared to Schumacher or Ayrton Senna. He suggested the Briton has only won in the ‘best car’ and had the support of the ‘entire team’. He told Corriere della Sera: "I don't know. "Michael and Ayrton won in cars who shouldn't have won, in complicated situations without the help of their teams. Lewis has always dominated with the best car and the support of the entire team. We would have to see what he does without those two conditions." Fernando Alonso has also previously suggested Schumacher was the harder driver to beat in a swipe at Hamilton. He explained: “I remember Michael as a driver who is hard to beat, one with the greatest talent. He had that little something. Lewis is very good and the best of his generation. But he didn't win the world title with McLaren when he was a teammate of Jenson [Button]. "At Mercedes, Nico Rosberg also won the world championship. Michael never had such competition. He always won. For me, Michael is one step ahead."