Bernice (played by Samantha Giles) was eager to distract Nicola (Nicola Wheeler) from the ordeal of her attack in Monday night's edition of Emmerdale. The villager spooked her sister at first as the mother of three was worried someone was stalking her house, only for it to be Bernice. As the ITV soap's first episode of the week continued, it seemed the stalwart was trying to get Nicola's mind back on business but there might have been a few hints dropped she isn't being the supportive person she is making herself out to be. A couple of weeks ago, the sisters fell out because Nicola stole Bernice's ideas for the council and pulled them off as her own. This upset Bernice considerably, especially as she thought she had found a new passion in life away from the beauty salon. What made the venture even better was the fact she was flirting up a storm with another member of the council but once again, her sister shut the potential romance down. Although Bernice has since forgiven Nicola for all she put her through, it might be questionable as to how easily they made peace before the attack by a group of teenage girls happened. It could be Bernice organised the attack and paid off the girls to teach her sister a lesson, whilst also showcasing her poker face so no one found out she was the ringleader. READ MORE: Amanda Owen parents: Who are the Yorkshire Shepherdess' mum and dad? If this theory were true, this would mean putting the frighteners on Nicola at the beginning of Monday's episode would have been wholly intentional. Bernice would have also seen when she was inside the house with her sister how on edge Nicola was about being left on her own. Towards the end of the instalment and after spending all day with her sibling, Bernice said: "The bids are due in on Thursday so we need to get our thinking caps on. "We've got to come up with a brilliant pitch if we want to beat our competitors," she continued, before Nicola suggested she stay for a bit longer as her anxieties about being left alone kicked in. "Shall we do a bit of brainstorming now? I could open a bottle," the mother of three said to her sibling. "Nicola, I've been here for hours, I need to go," Bernice said, seemingly brushing off the fact her sister was evidently anxious. "So, are you ok doing the presentation with me?" the mother of one remarked, with Nicola once again anxious to leave the house as she said: "What? Be at the meeting?" "Well, I am hardly suggesting you appear as a hologram," Bernice commented as she added: "And you're used to pitching. "What with all the council stuff," she continued, with Nicola reminding her sister she did not support the cause they were working towards. Manipulating the situation to get her ideas put forward, Bernice came up with a solution to make her sister look bad for changing her mind. DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] "Sounds good," Nicola said as she was willing to accept Bernice's stance, not feeling confident in her own abilities. "I know," the mother of one replied as she knew she was the one who was on the top of their game at the moment, realising why her sister was so anxious. With Nicola no longer the feisty woman she once was, Bernice feels she can now rule the roost and her part in the attack will stay secret. However, in the world of soaps, secrets don't stay harboured for too long and it could be Bernice will be exposed as Nicola realises how much her sister has made her look bad. Will Bernice face any repercussions for wanting to teach her sister a lesson? The actress who plays Nicola has explained how she feels about her character's recent storyline on the show. Nicola explained: "Her home is a safe haven. We leave Nicola for a week. We don’t see what’s going on. "And then we come back to her, and we realise that what is slightly agoraphobia has now turned into monophobia as well. "She’s not even comfortable being on her own, in her own house. So initially, it is her safe haven, the home. And then it turns into a prison because she’s equally terrified of being on her own as she is of being outside." This unfortunate situation leads Nicola to crash her car and she ends up attacking one of her neighbours in the heat of the moment. Nicola added to Express.co.uk and other media: "She’s basically having a complete crisis attack. It starts as a panic attack, because, again, she starts to flashback to what happened with the girls. "Obviously, she doesn’t realise that it’s not the girl she thinks it is. One of the girls had come to the door when she hears some girls laughing in the street. "And she just goes into full attack mode. "Of course, she starts to hyperventilate. And she just spirals. It’s a day of pain. She just spirals. And then it all just gets too much." Will Bernice have a lot to answer for as she realises she has destroyed her sister's self-confidence? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.