Anthony Albanese, Australia's new centre-Left Labor prime minister and long-time republican, announced the creation of the role on Tuesday just two days before celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee begin. The post will be taken up by Sydney MP Matt Thistlethwaite. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** The move was slammed as "sad and reckless" by foreign policy analyst Nile Gardiner. The former aide to Margaret Thatcher tweeted: "A sad and reckless move by Australia's new left-wing Govt. Sends completely the wrong message." However the new position was celebrated by the Australian Republic Movement. The group tweeted: "In a major historic first, Australia now has an Assistant Minister for the Republic. "We congratulate the Government on making this important step towards the realisation of an Australian republic and look forward to working with them over the next parliamentary term. "Congratulations to the Assistant Minister for the Republic, @MThistlethwaite!" Australian Republic Movement chair Peter FitzSimons joyfully added: "We are on our way. "Let the record show, for the first time in the history of the Commonwealth, Australia has a member of the Government singularly devoted to removing the Crown, and helping Australia become a Republic." Previous Labor leaders have pledged to hold a referendum on removing the British monarchy as Australia's head of state. But a vote was not part of Mr Albanese’s manifesto. The republican became Australia's prime minister after ousting Scott Morrison in a general election earlier this month. Mr Albanese has previously described Australia becoming a republic as “inevitable”. The country voted against cutting ties with the Royal Family in a 1999 referendum by 55 percent to 45 percent. The new post comes just two days before celebrations for the Queen's historic 70-year reign begin. The monarch is head of state of 15 countries in the Commonwealth. Barbados became the latest nation to part ways with the Queen as it became a republic in November 2021.