The Late Late Show presenter and Gavin and Stacey star recently caught up with A-Lister Tom Cruise thousands of feet in the air to celebrate the release of the blockbuster sequel, Top Gun: Maverick. However, James Corden later confessed to This Morning host Alison Hammond that he tried to wriggle out of the stunt by sending a desperate email to his CBS bosses. James admitted he tried to get out of his airborne meeting with Tom over fears the actor could crash. To commemorate the release of Top Gun, the actor and presenter joined the film’s leading man to recreate some of the stunts in a fighter jet over the California desert. Footage from the show revealed James was terrified as Tom performed high-speed loops and dives miles up in the air. He later told Alison: “I tried [to say no]. I got so scared. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret “Producers on the show got an email from me saying, ‘Guys, this is stupid. “‘He’s an actor! He’s not a pilot.’ When you’re in a plane, and it’s just you and Tom Cruise, if something goes wrong you’re both dead.” However, a reassuring call from Tom himself may have been the motivation James needed to work up the courage to get in the cockpit. “He called me,” James recalled. “He said, ‘James, listen. “‘I would never, ever do anything that would put your life in danger.’ “When he looks you in the eye, you just go, ‘Let’s do it, Maverick!’” In the clips from Tom’s Late Late Show appearance, James screams expletives as the movie star ducks and dives through the air at intense speeds. “James, I’m just going to try something here,” Tom said as he dropped the jet into a stomach-churning dive. DON'T MISS:The View fans demand ‘out of touch’ Whoopi Goldberg be fired [REACTION]Queer as Folk star reveals ‘hardest scene to film’ [EXCLUSIVE]Stranger Things’ Millie Bobby Brown ‘nervous’ for season 4 reactions [INTERVIEW] “Oh, my God, what are you doing?” James exclaimed. “Oh s**t!” After being thrown upside down during a massive loop-the-loop, James quipped, “You absolute b*****d!” as Tom chuckled. Thankfully, both stars made it through the stunt intact thanks to Tom’s extensive flight training for the new blockbuster. For the film’s production, Tom and co-stars such as Miles Teller and Glen Powell underwent a three-month ‘boot camp’ to train the actors to endure aerobatics and high g-forces. The commitment to Top Gun’s practical stunts has clearly paid off, as Maverick recently flew past $1 billion at the global box office. It is now the most successful film of Tom’s career, the highest-grossing film of 2022 so far, and just the second film to surpass a billion in the pandemic era after Spider-Man: No Way Home. Meanwhile, James only has a handful of Late Late Show appearances left as he confirmed he would be leaving the talk show at some point in 2023. The Late Late Show with James Corden in London airs on Sky Comedy 10pm this week. This Morning airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.