  Rebekah Vardy, wife of footballer Jamie Vardy, has been blasted by her former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! campmate Iain Lee. In the wake of her infamous Wagatha Christie trial against fellow WAG Coleen Rooney, Iain has repeated allegations that Rebekah was a “bully”, claiming she “contributed to me being f**king miserable and isolated in the jungle”.       The claims come as Rebekah, 40, is waiting to hear the verdict of her defamation lawsuit against Coleen Rooney, 36, wife of legendary England footballer Wayne Rooney. Iain, 48, spent time with Rebekah in the I’m A Celebrity jungle back in 2017. The broadcaster has accused the reality star of being “a bully, a liar and a manipulator”. In a Twitter rant yesterday, Iain explained how he had been contacted to take part in an interview about “how Rebekah Vardy is so brave for promoting mental health”.     He then went on to detail his reasons for turning down the request in view of his 97,000 followers. “Just had an interview request to talk about how Rebekah Vardy is so brave for promoting mental health…” he wrote. “She contributed to me being f**king miserable and isolated in the jungle… So, that's a pass from me.” Iain then shared his response to the outlet who had requested the interview below the original tweet.      “I feel I have to explain my refusal,” his reply stated. “I don't know if you saw any of I'm A Celebrity when I was in there. Vardy was a bully, a liar and a manipulator. “She was part of a team that targeted me and made much of my time in there miserable. “Her first comment to me was 'I think you're a bit of a t**t'. She encouraged people not to talk to and left me isolated (apart from two camp mates who were not taken in by her). READ MORE... Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [LATEST] Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [UPDATE] Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family [INSIGHT]       “When she came out of the camp she told lies about me. She bullied my sister who was staying in Australia and told her 'in my world, men don't cry'. “Part of me hopes your email is a ruse to get an interview from me which I think is about her bravery and then you skewer to make it about her bullying and belittling. “I hope the latter is correct because if you are trying to show her as a mental health ambassador, I'm afraid you couldn't be further from the truth,” he concluded. Express.co.uk has contacted Rebekah’s representatives for comment.      Rebekah vehemently denied bullying claims that were made during the 2017 series in scenes from I'm A Celebrity's Coming Out show. When a phone call to her management team revealed she'd been accused of ganging up against him, she was brought to tears in the arms of her father. Surprised, she said: “You know what, I was the one that was being the most supportive of him. A bully? I've never been a bully in my whole entire life.” The Dancing On Ice star recently faced off against Coleen in a court case that saw the former accuse the latter of defamation. This comes after Coleen claimed Rebekah’s Instagram account had been leaking personal stories about her to the press. The bombshell accusations were made in the now-infamous ‘Wagatha Christie’ post made by Coleen back in October 2019.   