James Strawbridge has occasionally appeared on Escape to the Chateau whenever his dad Dick Strawbridge is in need of a helping hand. The celebrity chef is not only passionate about food but sustainable living, photography and his loved ones. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about James Strawbridge's personal life. James and his dad Dick have previously worked closely together on different projects, including the book Practical Self-Sufficiency. He has presented shows The Hungry Sailors and It's Not Easy Being Green, with some appearances on Escape to the Chateau as well. The last time he featured on the Channel 4 docu-series was in 2019. According to his website Strawbridge Kitchen, James has a variety of services, helping businesses with things such as food photography, food writing and business development. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans Yes, Dick is a grandad as his son is a dad of three children whom he shares with wife Holly. James doesn't tend to share many details on his personal life but it is known the family lives on the South Cornish coast. But it isn't known exactly how old his kids are, nonetheless, he did share pictures from the week when his youngest Arrietty Branwyn Strawbridge was born. The tweet was shared in 2015 which would make Arrietty around seven years old now. James' eldest child is his son called Eden and the couple's middle child is a girl but her name isn't known. The chef is the first-born of Dick and his first wife Brigit Strawbridge Howard who he divorced in 2010. James is also the older brother of Dick and Angel Adoree's young children Arthur and Dorothy. Angel has opened up about her relationship with Dick's 38-year-old son. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [REACTION]Dick Strawbridge shares chateau hiring frustrations  [EXPLAINER]Dick Strawbridge: Who is Escape to the Chateau's eldest daughter? [CAST] Speaking to the Sweat, Snot and Tears podcast, Angel said: "Me and James we get on really, really well. "We're always talking about... he's a real foodie, completely fabulous, he's really handsome."  Giving fans a little insight into his home life, James' bio on his website reveals what he gets up to when he isn't working. The blurb reads: "He lives on the South Cornish coast with his wife Holly and their three young children. "When not developing new recipes or directing photo shoots, James can be found foraging for wild food with his family, out at sea gig-rowing for his local club or painting the Cornish countryside." Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.