His death was confirmed by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) on Sunday, who announced that an inquiry had now been launched. The incident occurred on Saturday shortly after 9.00am, after police received reports of a man armed with a screwdriver and shouting on the bridge The IOPC said in a statement: "We are investigating contact Metropolitan Police officers had with a man on Chelsea Bridge yesterday morning (Saturday) prior to him entering the River Thames. "He was subsequently rescued from the water and was taken to hospital in a critical condition. "The man, in his early 40s, sadly died in hospital on Saturday evening. “We were notified by the Metropolitan Police on Saturday and sent investigators to the scene and to the police post incident procedure to begin our investigation. "Initial information indicates that officers were responding to reports of a disturbance when they encountered the man on the bridge. "During the incident Taser was deployed. “Investigators have secured police body-worn video footage and initial accounts have been obtained from the officers involved. "The Taser used has also been gathered and will be analysed. Investigators have overseen forensic examination of the scene.” A video allegedly showing the incident was posted to social media. Footage shows a police officer firing a taser at the man following a confrontation. READ MORE: Finally a copper who wants crooks to feel fear - RICHARD MADELEY The man falls to the ground, before being tasered two more times as he tries to pull himself up from the road. Eventually he gets back on his feet and then runs away from police officers, jumping over a barrier and falling into the Thames. An RNLI boat was called upon to rescue the man, who was then taken to hospital where he later died. The Met Police said the man's family had been informed of his death. DON'T MISS London is the worst place for car theft in the UK [REVEAL]Liverpool FC fan beaten and left bleeding in the road by Paris gang [SPOTLIGHT]Armed police storm London high street after major incident [NEWS] Met Commander Alexis Boon, Frontline Policing, said: “My thoughts are with the family of the man at this very difficult time. "I offer my sincere condolences to them for their tragic loss. “Officers go to work every day to keep the public safe, and so any incident in which a person comes to harm following contact with police is understandably concerning."