Back in 1994, Keanu Reeves starred as LAPD SWAT Officer Jack Traven in the much-loved action thriller Speed, opposite Dennis Hopper and Sandra Bullock. The high octane plot saw a terrorist rig a bus with explosives meaning that if its speed fell below 50 miles per hour it would blow. The blockbuster was a huge hit and won two Oscars, but when a sequel was announced in 1997, it would go down in history as one of the worst of all time. In 1997, Speed 2: Cruise Control was released with Bullock reprising her character Annie, but without Reeves who decided against a return. The bizarre plot saw the leading lady on a Caribbean cruise ship that’s hijacked by Willem Dafoe’s villain bent on crashing it into an oil tanker. It was a smart move by the Jack Traven star to give the film a miss as it was a critically panned box office disaster. Yet now, 25 years later, a report claims that Keanu Reeves has signed to return as the character in Speed 3. This comes from Giant Freakin Robot’s trusted and proven sources who correctly predicted spoilers for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. Allegedly, Reeves will also produce Speed 3, something he’s recently decided to do on John Wick Chapter 4, which is released next year. Asked last year about a possible return to the Speed franchise, the 57-year-old told Extra TV: “You know, I can't say never. Because I'm standing here for Matrix Resurrections and at the end of the trilogy I did die, so you can't say never." Reeves is right to point this out given that in 2020 he returned for Bill and Ted Face the Music 29 years after the last sequel. Then, a year later, saw the release of The Matrix Resurrections 18 years after the original trilogy ended. If anything, reuniting with Bullock’s Annie for the first time since 1994 would be a great way of redeeming Speed 2: Cruise Control. But can the actress be persuaded? DON'T MISSSandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' [SANDRA BULLOCK]Sandra Bullock confesses her worst film 'I really regret that one' [SPEED 2]The Beatles: Classic John Lennon song announced as Knives Out 2 title [KNIVES OUT 2] Earlier this year, Bullock told toofab: “I’m still embarrassed I was in [it]. It’s called Speed 2. I’ve been very vocal about it. Makes no sense. Slow boat. Slowly going towards an island.” Surely if Reeves gives her a call she’d be up for making a third film as good as the original with him? Here’s hoping as there’s certainly an appetite for legacy sequels after the likes of Ghostbusters: Afterlife and Jurassic World: Dominion. SOURCE SOURCE