Fiona, who is starring in a new film called Summer in the Shade, talked exclusively to Express.co.uk about her upcoming movie and reflected on her former roles. Having featured in both Casualty, Doctors and Holby City, the actress opened up on what she had learned from the BBC roles and touched on the "dangerous" aspects.  Fiona, 56, stated: "You do learn bits and bobs from those roles. "It is really interesting because also you have on-set doctors who do practice, in Holby and Casualty and Doctors and all of those things. "They have the doctors on set and we can ask all sorts of things. "Although sometimes with actors, a little bit of knowledge is a dangerous situation!" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret The well-known phrase suggests a bit of knowledge can make people falsely believe they are experts on certain topics. Fiona also gave her view on Holby City's cancellation, commenting it may have been the right time. "You always have got to move forward and you know, kind of try different ideas and not sure back on the same old format. "So I think it was great and it was enjoyable. Certainly in my experience, I played both doctors - a good doctor and a terribly incompetent doc in Holby. "So I think it's time sometimes for these things. They move on but it is a loss. "But still, I'm a very positive person and hope there's something good that'll spring in its place." Although she is known for starring in many BBC soaps, Fiona has also appeared in and produced several films. Her most recent work is her role in the coming-of-age film, Summer in the Shade. DON'T MISS... Nicola Sturgeon erupts on BBC Breakfast on Scottish independence [LATEST]Deborah James friend shares her fears before death [VIDEO]Wimbledon fans slam 'empty seats' during Andy Murray's match [REACTION] The movie explores how two girls on the verge of becoming teenagers change following a tragedy. After moving to the Cornish countryside, 12-year-old Grace (played by Niamh Walter) is forced to confront her demons. The film is directed by Alice Millar and also stars Niamh Walter, Nyobi Hendry and Rebecca Palmer. The synopsis reads: "Summer, 1997. 12-year-old Grace and 11-year-old Asta have been friends for as long as they can remember. "When her father suddenly leaves, Grace’s fascination with religion and the supernatural becomes an obsession. "At the end of the school holidays, the girls go to stay in a cottage in the Cornish countryside with Asta’s bohemian mum, Kate. "There, troubled Grace is forced to confront her demons..." Summer in the Shade will be available on Digital Download from June 20 and can be pre-ordered on iTunes and Chili.