Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly ‘hopeful’ of signing Frenkie de Jong this summer. The Barcelona star recently indicated he’d love to stay at the Nou Camp, having been at the club for the past three years. Yet with the La Liga giants needing to balance their finances, the Red Devils are continuing to hope a deal can be struck. Manchester United know they need to bolster their ranks in midfield, especially with the likes of Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba leaving on free transfers. And it’s become common knowledge in recent times that De Jong is their top target. The 25-year-old previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax, with the pair striking up a good relationship. And The Sun say the new United boss is ‘hopeful’ De Jong’s services can be acquired despite the player himself appearing to rule out a summer departure. Speaking while on international duty with the Netherlands, the Barcelona star said earlier in the week: "Barcelona is just my dream club. Also from a young age. I just said it too. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “I’ve never regretted my choice despite the fact that I had hoped for more in terms of prizes than I've achieved so far. But I have never regretted my choice.” And he added: "What I'm saying, there is absolutely nothing of an agreement or anything official. At the moment there is no question of it at all. "Not that I know of in any case. Or they must not have told me, but I don't think so." United, however, aren’t giving up. Ten Hag believes he can change De Jong’s mind, even though the Red Devils don’t have Champions League football to offer. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And it’s stated by the publication that Xavi is happy for the Dutchman to be offloaded this summer. Barcelona need to balance their books, with the club still feeling the pinch from Josep Maria Bartomeu’s era as president. And with the La Liga titans looking to strengthen, selling De Jong would be one way of allowing them to do that. They’re keen on landing Robert Lewandowski, with the Poland international eager to leave Bayern Munich for a new challenge elsewhere. Chelsea trio Cesar Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Marcos Alonso are also on their radar amid uncertainty over their futures at Stamford Bridge. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Barcelona are hoping to bring in Franck Kessie as well. With Xavi apparently giving the green light for De Jong to go, it appears United have hope of striking a transfer. And John Barnes, speaking earlier in the season, insisted the Netherlands international would be a good replacement for the outgoing Pogba. “Frenkie de Jong would be a brilliant signing for Manchester United,” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. “It looks like Paul Pogba is on his way out of the club so bringing in a replacement for him is very important. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Especially if that person is a young and talented player who will get the opportunity to be one of the main players at the club. “He has everything in terms of passing range, intensity and a great attitude. It’s exactly what Manchester United need in midfield. “That was their plan with Donny van de Beek, but of course he’s been stifled by other players in his position playing better than him. “However, bringing De Jong in and putting him straight into the side and being trusted would be good for both Manchester United and him.”