Her Majesty decided to pull out of the service of thanksgiving last Friday after experiencing "some discomfort" one day prior, when she travelled to London and stepped out on Buckingham Palace's balcony twice. While royal fans were surely saddened not to be able to see the Queen surrounded by her family at St Paul's Cathedral, the monarch's decision not to attend may have also taken into account the impact a possible unsteadiness could have had on others, biographer Robert Lacey said. He told People magazine: "She would not want to stumble — not for her own sake but for the distress it would cause other people." Between June 2 and 5 the country and Royal Family came together to celebrate the monarch's extraordinary reign and dedication to service and duty. The event kicking off the Platinum Jubilee weekend was the Trooping the Colour parade. The monarch did not take the salute from her troops in Horse Guards Parade as she had done over the past decades. Rather, Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne stepped in for her as Colonels of the Irish Guards, Welsh Guards and Blues and Royals respectively. Nevertheless, the officials and soldiers in attendance were given the chance to pay their tribute to the Queen by marching to Buckingham Palace. From the historic balcony of her residence, Her Majesty took the salute, accompanied by her cousin the Duke of Kent. READ MORE: Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry The pair stepped out once again a few minutes later, this time accompanied by all the working members of the Firm. From the balcony, the Queen watched the extraordinary RAF flypast passing above Buckingham Palace. While she greatly enjoyed the show, the sovereign decided not to return to London on the following day for the service of thanksgiving, attended by more than 2,000 people. Buckingham Palace said in an announcement shared a few hours after the Trooping the Colour parade took place: "The Queen greatly enjoyed today's Birthday Parade and Flypast but did experience some discomfort.   "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend." Nevertheless, the monarch stepped out of Windsor Castle on Thursday night to remotely light the main beacon, placed in front of Buckingham Palace. The monarch also missed the Epsom Derby and the Party at the Palace. Prior to the beginning of the horse races in Surrey, the Queen's granddaughter Zara Tindall provided attendees with an update on the monarch, saying she was doing "well". Speaking about the races, Zara said: "She will be watching on the TV – she has a few runners today dotted around the country, so she knows exactly what’s going on. "She’ll just be sat on the sofa watching the TV. She'll be in her comfy clothes." Despite her absence, the Queen still managed to steal the show during the concert as she pre-recorded a skit with Paddington bear, aired as Queen + Adam Lambert started playing their first song, We Will Rock You. The Queen surprised and delighted Britons one last time on Sunday, when she made an unannounced return to Buckingham Palace. While she did not watch the Pageant in person, the monarch arrived at her London residence to before it came to a close. And, following Ed Sheeran's performance in front of the Buckingham Palace gate, the monarch stepped out once again on her balcony. This time, she was accompanied by her three heirs - Prince George, Prince William and Prince Charles. They were also accompanied by Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis as well as the Duchesses of Cornwall and Cambridge.