Sophie was spotted with a wide smile as she wore a summery white outfit. She was pictured waving from the Royal Box. She wore a floaty white Zara dress with a summery feel to attend the Platinum Party at the Palace. The Countess wore her blonde hair loosely curled and she pinned it back using a statement clip. Sophie had a natural make-up look with rosy blush and a nude lip to complete her summery look. She was photographed as she pointed towards the stage and showed something to her two children. READ MORE: Camilla wows in chic black bomber jacket at Party at the Palace Lady Louise Windsor looked elegant in a similarly summery look as she sat near her mother. Louise wore a pretty grey dress with a grey blazer to stay warm and had her long hair down for the event. Prince Edward joined his wife and daughter at the party along with their 14-year-old son, James. James looked smart in a navy blazer as he sat between his mother and sister to enjoy the concert. One fan tweeted: “How lovely are Edward and Sophie’s children Lady Louise and James.” Another person tweeted: “Sophie Wessex loving this.” Royal watcher @paulaarsans said: "I really like her style now. Very youthful and a bit boho." Sophie looked as though she was enjoying the celebrations and was photographed smiling and laughing. The family joined other members of the Royal Family in the Royal Box to watch the party in honour of The Queen. The Duchess of Cambridge looked stunning in a white outfit and was photographed beaming as the concert opened. She leaned over to speak to her two eldest children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, during the concert. Princess Charlotte was wearing a sparkly red dress from H&M and was spotted watching the stage intently. They were seated near the Prince of Wales and Camilla who later took to the stage as Charles paid tribute to The Queen. The Queen did not attend the concert but did appear in a hilarious Paddington Bear skit to start off the evening. Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie were joined by their husbands as they happily waved from the Royal Box. Zara Tindall sat beside husband Mike and the couple laughed as they waved Union Jack flags. Princess Anne was also seated in the front row, joining the party after a busy day at the Epsom Derby.