The Government cash is to go out to people on several benefits, with the first £326 instalment to be sent out from July 14 until the end of the month. People on income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance (JSA) and income-related Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) will also receive the funds. The money is further to be made available for those on Income Support and Pension Credit. To be eligible, a person must be entitled to these benefits for an assessment period that ended in the period April 26 to May 25, 2022. People on the new style of ESA, contributory ESA and the new style of JSA will not receive the cash boost, unless they claim Universal Credit. The second payment for these claimants, of £324, will be made in autumn 2022. READ MORE: Council tax: Thousands could get their bill reduced or even free Child Tax Credit and Working Tax Credit recipients will also get the support. This applies to those who have received a tax credit payment, or an annual award of at least £26, on any day from April 26 to May 25, 2022. For these categories, the first payment will be made from autumn 2022 with the second instalment on winter 2022. People on disability benefits may also get a one-off payment of £150 to help pay for essentials. DON'T MISSMastering this FREE video game could make you millions of pounds [INSIGHT]£10 free* to spend at YouGarden with your Daily Express, pay postage [OFFER]Six questions you need to ask for a dream retirement [EXPLAINER] This applies to those on: READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how widow who 'can't afford to eat' can get by READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how widow who 'can't afford to eat' can get by  These payments will be made from September 2022. Some eight million people on low incomes will benefit from the £650 cash boost, ministers have said. British households are experiencing an annual average energy bill hike of £693, with costs expected to hit £2,800 by October. A petition has been launched calling for the payment to be extended to people on PIP (Personal Independence Payment) and Carer's Allowance. The petition says: “Disabled people should be included alongside carers in the £650 one off payment as part of the Cost of Living support package. “We have larger utility bills and food costs when compared to non-disabled people. We rely on these utilities and food to stay alive. “Without including disabled people for the full £650 entitlement, many more disabled people could die.”  More than 16,000 people have signed the petition at the time of writing.