Safety is a top concern for British tourists looking for a holiday this summer. New research from Forbes Advisor has found the safest countries to travel to. The study looked at the quality of healthcare, rate of thefts and murders to find a safety score for each nation. READ MORE: Ryanair strikes: Planned walkout dates and countries affected The safest country for British tourists this summer is Switzerland, known for its stunning natural scenery. Switzerland had the best quality healthcare out of all the surveyed countries and ranked sixth when it came to the quality of bathing water. The study also looked at pollution levels and Switzerland had the 10th cleanest air of all the countries surveyed. Popular destinations include the cosmopolitan cities of Geneva and Zurich as well as the country’s lakes. The small nation of Slovenia was ranked as the second safest destination for British tourists this summer. Slovenia has one of the world’s lowest homicide rates, at just 4.8 per million residents. Over 85 percent of the country’s bathing waters are rated as excellent while it also scores highly when it comes to healthcare. The Slovenian capital Ljubljana is a romantic destination with many riverside cocktail bars while nearby Lake Bled is perfect for swimming. READ MORE: easyJet strikes: Planned walkout dates and affected airports Top holiday destination, Portugal, was ranked as the third safest holiday destination for British tourists. Almost 95 percent of the bathing water in Portugal is rated excellent while Portugal came fourth when it came to air quality. It also has a high quality of healthcare and scored in the top 10 out of all the countries surveyed. Many British tourists choose to travel to The Algarve’s beaches but Lisbon and Porto are popular city break spots. Austria was the fourth safest destination for Britons and almost 100 percent of its bathing water is ranked as excellent. Meanwhile the UK was ranked as one of the most dangerous countries in Europe for tourists. Just 60 percent of the UK’s bathing water is rated excellent while the rate of theft is high compared to other European countries. The country also has fairly high pollution levels although this is worst in the UK’s major cities.