Jay Blades and The Repair Shop team marked the Queen's Platinum Jubilee by restoring four treasured heirlooms with a royal connection on Wednesday's episode of the heartwarming programme. However, many BBC viewers who wanted a break from all of the Jubilee celebrations criticised the royal special, with some branding the instalment "disappointing". During the episode, team members Amanda Middleditch and Julie Tatchell finished decorating a Pearly King's suit with hundreds of pearl buttons. Meanwhile, Kristen Ramsay got to work fixing a cracked decorative plate which marked Queen Victoria's Golden Jubilee. A Beefeater also brought in a lantern he used around the Tower of London which desperately needed a new handle and polish. But as the episode got underway, viewers took to Twitter to hit out over the special.  READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Rory Hall fumed: "Every s*****g TV show with a Jubilee special. Can't even enjoy The Repair Shop." Iain Johnstone fumed: "Slightly disappointed with the brilliant Repair Shop doing a Jubilee Special." @PaisleySparks added: "Even the lovely Repair Shop has gone Jubilee crazy. Does my nut in." Jo Edwards remarked: "Please know I am with him 100 percent but my husband has started his Jubilee related shouting at the TV. His anger is currently directed at Repair Shop."  Despite the backlash, many other viewers enjoyed the Jubilee special of the BBC One programme. @Wolfyboy1997 said: "I like The Repair Shop. And I know people have mixed feelings about the Jubilee but it’s nice to see some royal history." "I thought it would be safe to watch #TheRepairShop tonight but it got me tearing up yet again," Aoibheann Hickey added. "I adore this show." During the special episode, Steve Fletcher took it upon himself to repair the Beefeater's lantern. DON'T MISS...Jay Blades shares fears for filming The Repair Shop 'Have to build tru [LATEST]Dominic Chinea wife: Who is The Repair Shop star married to? [INSIGHT]Jay Blades tearful moment with daughter that inspired him to learn to [UPDATE] The lantern was 103 years old and was in desperate need of repair so the Beefeater could continue to use it. Steve spent a lot of time mending the "wobbly" handle which was one of the main parts which needed fixing. After the Beefeater saw the restored item he said: "That's brilliant, it's absolutely brilliant. I am chuffed to bits and this is worth showing off." Elsewhere in the episode, a guest called Helen brought in a special plate which celebrated Queen Victoria's Golden Jubilee in 1887 which was cracked.  Sadly Helen's mum dropped the plate about 50 years ago while she was decorating and it had not been repaired since the accident. Kristen managed to fix the plate and after Helen saw the restored item she said: "It was absolutely incredible, just to look at it and see what it would have looked like 135 years ago was just amazing. "My mum would just be over the moon with it and here we are with the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year and it's the year we had it fixed so it's like it was meant to be." The Repair Shop continues next Wednesday on BBC One at 8pm. 