Nicola has played Nicola King on Emmerdale for the best part of two decades, the wife of her long-suffering husband Jimmy King (Nick Miles) and the daughter of Rodney Blackstock (Patrick Mower). It seems the actress hasn't aged a day since she joined the cast of the ITV soap in 2001, despite having a child during her 21-year stint. However, the soap star will be celebrating a milestone birthday in the next couple of years as she continues to take on the role of the beloved villager. Last month, Nicola's character celebrated her 44th birthday, although this was not shown on-screen as the character has only recently come back into the fold in the past couple of weeks. This means the actress is actually four years older than her alter-ego as she turned 48-years-older earlier in the spring. The soap star marked the day on April 4, 1974, but once more, it is not known how the actress marked the occasion with her friends and family. In the next couple of years, she will be turning 50-years-old, marking a huge milestone in her life and at this point, she will have been on the show for almost half of her life. As for her character, Nicola will have to wait another six years before turning half a century is celebrated on the programme. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short At the time of her arrival on the show, Nicola would have been 27-years-old, which is roughly around the age some other well-known cast members have joined. Due to the length of time she has been on the programme, she is currently the second longest-serving female cast member. However, she started her career on-screen at a much younger age as she played the character of Melanie Tindel on Coronation Street in 1999. Nicola would have been 25-years-old when she took on this character, who appeared for just a handful of episodes. Two years earlier, at the age of 23, the actress took on the role of Claudia, the girlfriend of Vincent Marshall in Kay Mellor's Gold, formerly called Band of Gold. Despite being one of the country's most recognisable faces, the actress has candidly spoken out in the past about getting roles as an older woman in the acting industry. The soap star explained: "I remember that when I was at drama school, we were taken on in a ratio of 2:1. It would be two males to one female. "Our drama school wasn't being sexist, they were just adamant that unfortunately, that was the ratio of the roles available. "We were warned as young actresses that there just weren't the roles out there. A lot of plays were centred around men, but there weren't as many female roles in theatre. "But I do think that is changing now," she continued. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURE]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] Delving into the issue a bit further, the actress added: "Women, for some reason, cannot age and cannot put on weight. "When men do that, they tend to be seen as more interesting by the industry and they get the interesting roles…there seems to be an attitude that people don't want to see older women on screen, and I'm not so sure that's true. "I think it's more to do with the attitudes of people who are making things! "Maybe that will change as women take on more producer roles," she explained in an interview with Digital Spy last year. The beloved soap star also didn't have her first child until she 40-years-old, giving birth to a boy who was born in 2015. Discussing becoming a mother at 40, Nicola explained she was still able to work childcare around playing her character on the show. Nicola said: "I was very excited about being a mum for the first time and it was a great way to write Nicola out so that they could leave it open as to when I came back. "I returned six months later and I can remember feeling appreciative about being around adults again. "I was still breastfeeding though and I can remember putting out a sign saying ‘milking’ on my door so they knew when I was," she told The Mirror. The actress's child, Jude, is now six years old and is occasionally seen on his mother's Instagram page when she offers her followers a snapshot into her private life. Taking to Twitter, fans are looking forward to seeing the actress feature more prominently as she deals with the repercussions of being attacked. Mike wrote: "Such a massive storyline for Nicola starting next week in #Emmerdale it’s about time @nicola_wheeler gets a storyline of her own and not just in other characters' storyline. "I’m sure she will do well in this. Nicola is brutally attacked by a group of girls," they continued. Deluca posted on the social media platform: "Jimmy and Nicola actually together on-screen oh my God, it's been so long #Emmerdale." Ryan added: "I'm so pleased that Jimmy and Nicola are back together, I love their bickering." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.