Heading into the summer months, the UK sees a spike in drink driving cases and road traffic accidents making the roads far more dangerous for pedestrians and cyclists alike, not to mention other drivers. To help bring attention to this, The Compensation Experts analysed government data from over the past five years to identify the UK’s drink driving hotspots, based specifically on the number of accidents per 100,00 people in each region. They found that people in the West Midlands are the biggest culprits when it comes to getting behind the wheel after drinks. The region’s total of 89.48 accidents per 100,000 capita puts it a full 32 accidents higher than the South East, its nearest accidents rival. While younger members of society are typically expected to be responsible for committing drink driving offences, the figures don’t show this to be the case. It is in fact 60-69-year-olds who most commonly drink and drive some 2.3 percent more than 25-29-year-olds. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel When it comes to the gender distinctions, it’s males that are statistically more likely to get behind the wheel after drinking. On average, men are involved in 4,534 drink driving accidents per year compared to just 1,186 for women. A spokesperson at The Compensation Experts said: “With an alarming number of drunk driving accidents happening in cities up and down the country each year, it’s more important than ever to ensure that you stay safe, sober and vigilant when on the roads." The company also compiled some relevant road safety tips for drivers and pedestrians. DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING] Meanwhile, drivers could save more than three times the amount of money to run an electric car compared to a petrol or diesel equivalent, despite charging costs increasing. New data found that the average price to charge an electric car at a publicly accessible rapid charger increased by 21 percent in the last eight months. The research from the RAC and FairCharge found that it costs an average of 10p per mile to charge an EV using a rapid charger, compared to 19p per mile with a petrol car and 21p with diesel. On average, it costs £22.81 to charge a typical family-sized electric car to 80 percent compared to £18.81 which was the price last summer. Drivers should:1. Be alertBeing alert to drunk drivers is so important, look out for any erratic driving, and keep your distance. If someone is tailgating you, pull over and let them pass.2. Take a breakTiredness is a major factor in road accidents, and although you may not be to blame it’s important not to drive when tired as this will affect your alert levels.3. Avoid distractions when drivingFrom having your phone on silent to playing music too loudly whilst driving will distract you from having full concentration on the road and other road users around you. Pedestrians should:1. Not rely on othersWhilst you might be giving full attention to everything around you, it doesn’t mean that others are especially ­­knowing how many drunk drivers there are on the roads. Make sure you cross eyes with other road users especially when crossing a junction and be authoritative when on the roads.2. Look and listenThis may be a rule that you learnt back when you were a child but something that is so easily forgotten. When crossing the road, look out for cyclists and motorists. Always walk straight across the road and make eye contact with the other road users.3. Consider your alcohol levelsEven if you are just a pedestrian it’s important to make sure you are not drunk whilst near moving traffic. After drinking alcohol, you may be more likely to take risks that you wouldn’t usually take, and your reaction times will be much slower. Drink driving casualties per 100k capita:1 West Midlands 89.482 South East 573 East Midlands 56.324 East of England 51.165 South West 49.866 Yorkshire and Humberside 43.577 Wales 42.218 North West 39.189 North East 37.2610 London 34.29