The Home Secretary criticised the Opposition for repeatedly talking down the Government's plan to send illegal migrants to the country for asylum processing in a bid to crack down on channel crossings. Ministers believe the deportation flights will help curb the number of people attempting to make the treacherous and sometimes deadly journey in small boats from France. The plans faced fresh attacks from Labour in the House of Commons this afternoon after an out-of-hours judge for the European court intervened at the 11th hour last night to block those on board from being deported. It granted an urgent interim measure to those set to be sent to Rwanda, cancelling the flight shortly before it was due to take off. Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper branded the Rwanda policy "Government by gimmick" and a "shambles that is putting our country to shame" as she urged ministers to abandon the partnership. But hitting back in the House of Commons, Ms Patel accused Labour of appearing intolerant towards the African country, while remaining supportive of migrants remaining in European countries such as France. READ MORE: Rwanda flight is OFF: Home Office confirms NO asylum seekers will fly  She said of illegal migrants set to be sent abroad: "They've come from France. They've paid people smugglers and they [Labour] don't claim it's immoral to send people back to European countries, where their claims can be considered there. "It is literally, the logical of the Opposition seems to be, that Rwanda is a wonderful country, good enough to host international summits and world dignitaries, but not for people to be re-located there." Later this month Rwanda will host Commonwealth Heads of Government for a week-long summit for the countries to reaffirm their common values and agree actions and policies to collaborate on. Addressing MPs, Ms Patel also described the ECHR's decision as "disappointing and surprising" but said the Government would not be deterred from taking action to help bring down the number of illegal migrants travelling to the UK. The minister said Britain could not be expected to continue using huge swathes of taxpayer money every day to house those with no right to be here. Venting at lawyers who launched last-minute legal appeals against those set to be deported last night, the Home Secretary said she would not let the "usual suspects" or "mobs" prevent asylum seekers from being sent to Rwanda. DON'T MISS:Priti Patel's Rwanda 'deterrent' mocked over failure [WATCH]Is the ECHR an EU court? Why Britain is STILL bound to Europe's rules [EXPLAINED]‘Toothless’ Govt blasted over failure to implement Rwanda policy [REACTION]  Ms Patel told MPs this afternoon: "The British people have repeatedly voted for controlled immigration and the right to secure borders. "This is a Government that acts and hears that message clearly. And we are determined to deliver that." She said she believed the deal struck with Rwanda to deport illegal migrants to Africa complied with British and international law. Confident the ECHR would find in favour of the Government when it hears the last-minute appeals launched by those involved, Ms Patel told the Commons planning was already underway for the next flight.  She said: "The European Court of Human Rights did not rule that the policy or relocations were unlawful, but they prohibited the removal of three of those on last night's flight. "Those prohibitions last for different time periods but are not an absolute bar on their transfer to Rwanda. "Anyone who has been ordered to be release by the courts will be tagged while we continue to progress their relocation." At Prime Minister's Questions, Boris Johnson accused Labour of being "on the side of the people-traffickers who would risk people's lives at sea". He said their failure to support the Government's attempts to crack down on illegal crossings was helping to continue to fuel the businesses of those seeking to abuse the vulnerable. 