Cravings for sugary treats can be worse while going through the menopause, but it’s not just what women eat when following their mid-life diets that matters. When they eat is equally as important. Dr Pamela Peeke, author of Body for Life for Women, revealed why it's so important that women time their meals and snack right during this life phase so as to avoid seeing the number on the scales creep up. Dr Peeke said: "Don’t eat too much too late. "Eating later in the evening is murder for trying to keep weight off." Another habit brought on by the normal changes and these dreaded cravings is mindlessly nibbling throughout the day. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake This snack trap can see women's calorie intake soar much higher than necessary. "What a menopausal woman does from 3pm on every day can determine how big her belly is," Dr Peeke said. "That’s when most women tend to overeat and over-snack." Instead, she suggested to start paying attention to your circadian rhythm. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Eat during a window of eight to 12 hours a day, and then don’t eat for the rest of the time. "Experts find this imperative to take care of weight at any age, but especially during menopause," she said. While sticking to a strict diet isn't always the easiest, following a strict time limit will help with weight loss. "End your eating at a reasonable time, like 7pm, and pick it up again 12 hours later the next morning at 7am," she advised. In 2018, a review of various studies found that intermittently restricting the days in a week that a person eats may be an effective strategy for weight loss in overweight adults. Intermittent fasting methods have long been a popular choice for those wanting to shed the pounds and have been hailed by dieting professionals. But there have been no studies as of yet that have shown intermittent fasting to be any better than conventional diets. Kerri Ferraioli, Nutritionist at Food Sensitivity Specialists YorkTest revealed her take on the popular diet trend, saying: "The diet, which involves switching between fasting and eating on a regular schedule, doesn’t restrict any specific foods when you’re in the period of eating normally. "Intermittent fasting can help you to lose weight and improve your health when done correctly and safely, as it’s likely to reduce your daily calorie intake." But she added: "However it should not be undertaken as part of a crash diet, and it’s important to ensure that you always consume at least 1,200 calories per day, and pay attention to how you feel." Instead, Ms Ferraioli suggested a strategy to help curb those hunger pains. "If you’re constantly hungry, it may be worth adjusting your fasting time to avoid feeling further hunger symptoms such as headaches, weakness, and a lack of energy," she said. Before exploring intermittent fasting as a weight loss strategy, it's best to check in with your doctor to avoid risks from under-nourishing yourself and any risks that may be specific to your health conditions.