Liverpool have two major advantages over Barcelona in the reported race to sign Leeds ace Raphinha. The Brazilian is wanted by most of Europe’s top clubs, with the Reds apparently ahead of the competition alongside La Liga outfit Barca. Raphinha’s Leeds form was key to the Whites surviving in the Premier League. The winger scored 11 top-flight goals, including the one that clinched their status in the top division. His displays have caught the attention of some big teams, with Liverpool and Barca just two who have been linked. The Reds could face having to replace Sadio Mane if the Senegal international joins Bayern Munich in the coming weeks, while Mohamed Salah’s future is not entirely clear. Meanwhile, Barca are rebuilding a star-studded squad under new boss Xavi Hernandez. They signed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres in January and hope to boost their squad with more additions. JUST IN: Man Utd staff already have Erik ten Hag nickname But Liverpool perhaps have two advantages over the Catalan club in their pursuit of Raphinha - as reported by BarcaUniversal. The first is that they have more financial clout than Barca, whose dealings last summer were ruined due to off-field problems. Barca have slightly eased those issues, allowing them to sign players in January. A £235m cash injection from their new Spotify sponsorship will also help. But Liverpool still have an economic advantage, meaning they are likelier to be able to pay a big fee for Raphinha and meet his wage demands. The second advantage is that Liverpool can offer players in return with whom Leeds have already been linked. Head coach Jesse Marsch is widely believed to be a big fan of Takumi Minamino, who he coached at RB Salzburg. Minamino has struggled for game time at Anfield and could seek a move in the summer. The 27-year-old started a single Premier League fixture last season, scoring in the 2-1 win over Southampton that kept alive the club’s title hopes. DON'T MISS...Mohamed Salah 'made Barcelona promise' as 2023 plan emerges for starLiverpool board have two reasons to snub Gnabry as Mane replacementLiverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal It comes as Liverpool face needing to replace Mane - and possibly Salah. The 30-year-old hinted at a move last week and could leave this summer with just a year remaining on his contract. “I respect the fans and team but 60 to 70 per cent of Senegalese want me to leave Liverpool? I'll do what they want,” Mane, who has been strongly linked with Bayern Munich, quipped to journalists while on international duty. . The comments caused a stir back in England, where some fans were unhappy with the nature of his quotes. But the 30-year-old has reiterated that he respects Liverpool and will not comment further on his future after his humour backfired. “I spoke yesterday while joking with a bit of humour and it was everywhere,' Mane said, as quoted by journalist Cissokho Sahel. “I think we'll stop there. Liverpool is a club I respect a lot. The fans adopted me since day one. Regarding the future, we'll see.” If Mane leaves, Raphinha would surely be a top target for the Reds.