State of Play returns today after a two month break, with Sony set to drop some "exciting" PS5 games news and a PlayStation VR 2 update. The State of Play for June 2022 kicks off later tonight and will be broadcast on both Twitch and YouTube. The start time for the next State of Play is 11pm UK time on Thursday June 2. For those in other regions that's 3pm pacific and 6pm eastern on Thursday June 2 while it's 12am CET on Friday June 3. Sony has confirmed the next State of Play will last for around 30 minutes and that there will be "exciting" reveals from third-party partners as well a preview of games in development for PlayStation VR 2. In a blog post Sony said: "It’s been more than two months since our last State of Play – who’s ready for a new one? Tune in live next Thursday, June 2 for nearly 30 minutes of announcements and updates from the world of PlayStation. "We’ll have some exciting reveals from our third-party partners, plus a sneak peek at several games in development for PlayStation VR2. Watch over at Twitch or on YouTube starting 3pm Pacific / 6pm Eastern / 12:00am CET."  One game that is featuring in today's State of Play has already been confirmed, with Sony revealing the Horizon VR game will make an appearance. In the run-up to the State of Play start time and date the official PlayStation Twitter posted: "Get a new look at Horizon Call of the Mountain for #PSVR2 during State of Play." In terms of what else could get announced, the rumour mill has pointed to a number of potential reveals.  We're due an update on Final Fantasy 16 soon, and the listing for the game on the PlayStation Store was recently update which could point towards an inbound announcement on the big Square Enix game. Elsewhere, it's rumoured that we could get a proper look at Street Fighter 6 after a teaser was revealed earlier this year by Capcom. And Resident Evil fans are also wondering if Sony could have some kind of announcement up its sleeve, whether it's news on Resident Evil Village DLC or the reveal of the long rumoured Resident Evil 4 Remake. 