Less than a year ago Jarrod Bowen was an anonymous figure among 45,000 England fans watching the Three Lions crush Germany at the Euro 2020 finals. Now he hopes to get a chance to make a real name for himself for Gareth Southgate’s side in time to book his place at the World Cup. It has been a meteoric rise for the 25-year-old who was playing in the Championship with Hull just 18 months ago. But Bowen has always had dreams. “Did I watch Euros last summer thinking I want a bit of that for myself? Yeah, 100 per cent,” he said. “It’s everyone’s dream and I've done enough these last two seasons to put my name in contention for a call-up, which I’ve got, and I am delighted. Last year, I was with a few of my mates and the atmosphere was incredible. To win as well and the whole build-up to it. “With it being the knockout stages and against Germany made it even better. That game was really good. And I didn't really even get recognised - I got asked for a couple of autographs outside and that was it. “Being a footballer you love football and you love supporting your country and I was just a massive fan, singing the national anthem and all the songs and just jumping up and down when England scored. It was a bit mad looking back at it. “It will be a bit strange this summer when my friends are in the pub, watching the games, and I am hopefully participating.” Bowen admits, though, that as soon as he gets on the pitch he will be under pressure to go one stage further and find the back of the net. His father Sam locally earned himself the nickname “the debut king” after scoring five in his first game for Merthyr Tydfil and hat-tricks on his debuts for Forest Green and Worcester City. Even scoring on his debut for West Ham was not enough to eclipse that sort of record, apparently. “I’ve got to score on my England debut,” Bowen said. “That is what Dad tells me. He doesn't get bored of telling me those stories. I think it was five on his debut for Merthyr Tydfil. I hear that story every time I see him, but I say one for England would be worth the same.”