Manchester United have been linked with a number of exciting midfield signings ahead of next season, including the likes of Kalvin Phillips, N'Golo Kante and Jude Bellingham. The Red Devils are believed to be keen on adding to their ranks in the middle of the park over the coming weeks and months as Erik ten Hag looks to rebuild the club's playing squad before the action gets back underway. Frenkie de Jong is believed to be one of several midfield targets for United, who are said to be in talks with Barcelona over a potential move for the 24-year-old in the not-too-distant future. However, they are less optimistic with regards to the other players on their shortlist due to the trials and tribulations involved in bringing them to Old Trafford, according to The Athletic.It is said that United have seriously explored the possibility of signing Phillips, who is widely expected to leave Leeds United over the course of the summer transfer window. There is a sense that he is not a genuine option for the Red Devils due to their rivalry with Leeds, though, which could see Manchester City emerge as the England midfielder's preferred destination.Kante is also said to be among United's potential list of targets, with the Chelsea midfielder having established himself as one of the world's best players since moving to the Premier League with Leicester back in 2015. He will be available on a free transfer at the end of next season as things stand but there are believed to be concerns over the Frenchman's injury record, which could ultimately see United decide to snub a move for his signature. JUST IN: Liverpool duo Salah and Van Dijk have already 'approved' Nunez deal United have also been credited with a keen interest in Bellingham, who has been on the radar at Old Trafford for a number of years. The Red Devils tried to sign the England ace before he joined Borussia Dortmund back in 2020 but came up short in talks with his representatives, who went on to facilitate his eventual move from Birmingham City to Germany.Another move for Bellingham is not yet out of the question for United, with the 18-year-old still near the top of the club's wish list in the middle of the park. However, any renewed bid will need to wait until at least next summer as a result of the other pressing issues that Ten Hag is eager to address before the start of the new campaign. It remains to be seen whether United will eventually be able to use their financial pulling power to rubber-stamp the addition of a new playmaker before next season gets underway in early August. Former Red Devils defender Paul Parker recently suggested that United's current midfield is among the worst in the Premier League not just in terms of ability, but also with regards to their lack of passion for the famous red shirt.He told The Metro: "The problem is, how can you build when the players you’ve got don’t want to give enough or aren’t good enough to step in?"Manchester United have a relegation standard midfield at this moment in time, it’s a poor midfield and everybody knows it. Manchester United have names but they don’t have what’s more important than anything and that’s heart, passion and courage." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here