Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag’s stance on midfielder Scott McTominay has been revealed after the Scot has been the subject of interest from Premier League teams. The Red Devils reportedly have received enquiries from two league rivals for the Scot this summer as ten Hag looks to bolster his midfield with the addition of Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. The Times report that United have received tentative enquiries from Newcastle and another Premier League side earlier in the transfer window, and no formal approaches have been made but that United would turn down any offers for the midfielder as Ten Hag sees him as a pivotal player in his plans. McTominay also is determined to stay at Old Trafford, where he has three years left on his contract, and become a key player under his new Dutch boss. The Scottish international has become a permanent fixture in the United midfield, making over 30 league appearances in each of the last two seasons, and will hope to prove to Ten Hag that he can co-exist with De Jong in midfield. Few midfielders turned up for Ten Hag’s first training session as United boss this week, following the departures of Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata this summer as the new man in charge channelled his inner Sir Alex Ferguson by ensuring that players turned up for training at 9.00am. JUST IN: Man Utd 'agree fee' with Barcelona as De Jong transfer moves closer Donny Van de Beek was the only senior midfielder available to the Dutch manager as the United stars away on international duty earlier this month were granted longer absences, as Charlie Savage, Zidane Iqbal, Ethan Galbraith and Charlie Wellens were drafted into the session. McTominay has stated his desire to begin working with his new manager, and revealed he can’t relax this summer and wants to be at his best for when United’s pre-season begins. “Your time to switch off is your holidays with your families,” McTominay told Sky Sports. “But even then I’m thinking ‘I need to train and do something to make sure I’m in peak condition for the new coach’.  “You never switch off, not even when you’re on holiday. It’s not just a case of going wherever with your family. “You are still thinking of coming back and having the best possible impact on the new coach. The other players will be the same, football is your life and when it’s not going so well, it’s tough.” He may be joined at pre-season by Barcelona midfielder De Jong after the two clubs agreed a fee for the 25-year-old who played under Ten Hag at Ajax. United have broadly agreed to pay Barcelona an initial fee worth £56million, plus add-ons, to sign De Jong this summer, BBC Sport report.