The Duchess of Cambridge is often seen at public appearances alongside her husband, Prince William, who has recently taken on more responsibility on behalf of the Queen who is suffering from sporadic mobility problems. Kate was all smiles on Thursday as she viewed her first official portrait alongside Prince William at the University of Cambridge’s Fitzwilliam Museum.  According to body language expert Judi James, the Duchess displayed two signature moves she uses for public outings. Ms James named two moves: the fig leaf pose and the adoring gaze. She told Fabulous: “In the years before he met Kate, William was often seen performing what is known as the fig-leaf pose, with his hands clasped in front of his torso at roughly the same place as a fig leaf would sit on a classical nude statue. “The gesture is a self-protective barrier ritual that tends to be adopted when a guy feels uncomfortable, shy or defensive.  “It made William look bashful and suggested he felt awkward in front of the press cameras. “Marriage and fatherhood seem to have developed William’s social confidence but he still has his fig leaf moments during public visits.” According to Judi, Kate mirrors the future monarch’s hand gestures, putting her own hands in an identical position. She said: “Mirroring signals like-minded thinking and in Kate’s case the way she mimics his pose and makes it look much more elegant and less anxious helps to make William look less defensive or barriered by proxy. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'keeping family at a distance' until after memoir release  “It’s a sign of empathy as well as love and the frequent, subliminal mirroring traits the Cambridge’s use are a subtle but powerful sign of their closeness as partners and strong, like-minded bonds as future monarchs.” The body language expert also notes how Kate frequently turns an “adoring gaze on her husband, connecting with her eyes and her smile.” She continues: “If her hand clasp is a mirroring gesture, this gazing seems to be a ‘leading’ ritual, aimed at bringing out William’s happier, fun side during their public appearances.” “William hasn’t always had the happiest relationship with the cameras and he did have a reputation for being a bit moody a few years ago.  DON'T MISS:Why Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex's royal titles change in Scotland [INSIGHT]Sussexes' popularity faces 'further dent' with 'victimhood messaging' [OPINION]Queen Letizia and Jill Biden elegant as they step out in Madrid [PICTURES] “Kate’s smile acts as a state-changer as she teases him silently into smiling back. “During a long day packed with royal visits it would be like a mini energy and mood-booster and it is nearly always met with a coy smile or a grin of pleasure from William.” As senior members of the Firm, Kate and Will are regularly seen undertaking work on behalf of Her Majesty. Over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, the Duke and Duchess made several appearances at all the major events over the four-day weekend. 