The bank is changing its debit cards from Visa to Mastercard which shouldn’t have a big impact on its own. However, scammers like to take advantage of changes like these. NatWest bank has been writing to their customers to inform them they will be changing all debit cards from Visa to Mastercard. Although this won’t affect their accounts, it could be the perfect breeding ground for scammers, it has warned. In a letter to customers, NatWest said: "Scammers like it when people get new cards, so always look out for unexpected phone calls, texts or emails from anyone claiming to be from the bank." The warning comes as fraud now accounts for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime according to figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) for 2021. READ MORE: Martin Lewis issues urgent warning for energy bill payers Every day there is news of another scam doing the rounds - with Britons losing on average £1,002 each through fraud. There has been a spate of texts recently leading the DVLA to issue a warning on Twitter. A DVLA scam convincing people to click on a link could open people up to losing their life savings. Sharing address details can give fraudsters the information they need to take out loans and credit cards, throwing people into thousands of pounds worth of debt. DON'T MISS:State pension age: Britons could miss free prescriptions  [ALERT]Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]Urgent scam warning - Devastating new fraud could cost you thousands [WARNING]  The DVLA warned: “Watch out for 'phishing' text or email messages, like these. "DVLA will never ask you to reply, give personal or bank details or ask you to log into an account,” it added. Lloyds Bank also issued a warning this week after purchase scams more than doubled this year. It found that fraudsters are finding new ways to trick people online, with more and more people losing money via fake adverts on social media. Liz Ziegler of Lloyds Bank said: “When shopping online, the best way to keep safe is to buy from a trusted retailer whenever possible, and always pay by card for the greatest protection." Meanwhile, HMRC is also warning people not to fall for a national insurance scam saying "HMRC will never ring" people. A spokesperson said: “If someone contacts you saying they’re HMRC, wanting you to urgently transfer money or give personal information, be on your guard.“ HMRC will also never ring up threatening arrest. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To report a scam people should contact Action Fraud - the UK’s national reporting centre for fraud and cybercrime. People can report scams using the online reporting service and find help and support. Alternatively people can talk to a specialist by calling 0300 123 2040. If someone is in immediate danger or risk of harm they should call 999. Do you have a scam story to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from anyone who has been scammed. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com.