Liverpool have been told they made a transfer mistake after signing ex-Benfica striker Darwin Nunez in a club-record £85million move. The Uruguayan joined the Reds earlier this week after putting pen to paper on a six-year deal at Anfield - and fans believe the club may have made a mistake. Our Express Sport readers have been giving their thoughts on the business made by the club. We asked our readers what they thought about whether the 22-year-old was the best replacement for Sadio Mane and whether they thought that the club was overpaying Benfica for his services. And, of around 10,500 people who responded to our survey, just under 58 per cent (57.9) believe the 22-year-old is the best replacement for the 30-year-old, while just over 42 per cent disagree. On the other hand, 61.5 per cent of readers think that the Reds did indeed overpay for his services, and believe he is not worth the £85m transfer fee the club will have to pay Benfica. READ MORE: Arsenal summer signing speaks out on transfer before official club announcement The Reds opted to bring the former Benfica man to Anfield after Mane’s future at Merseyside was uncertain. The 30-year-old hinted at wanting to pursue a new challenge elsewhere on the build-up to the Champions League final against Real Madrid. “Come back to me on Saturday and I will give you the best answer you want to hear, for sure. It’s special,” he said. While the club opted for a quick solution, it still remains to be seen whether Nunez’s time at Anfield will pay off and justify the £85m price tag. Mane’s future has now been confirmed that it will indeed be away from the Merseyside, as he is set to join Bayern Munich after a third offer of £28m from the German outfit was accepted. Bayern had seen two offers rejected beforehand. The first one being of £21m plus £4m add-ons and a second of £23.5m plus £6.5m add-ons which was deemed “laughable by Anfield officials.” The agreed £28m transfer fee could reach £35m with add-ons, despite Liverpool’s desired £42.5m. DON'T MISS   Chelsea make 'important bid' for Tottenham target to scupper Antonio Conte transfer plansArsenal's Youri Tielemans decision hints at next two signings after Fabio Vieira transferChristian Eriksen 'makes decision on Man Utd transfer' as Tottenham twist takes place       “Like I said before, there are some top, top players here with great qualities. There is Firmino, who's a great player; and then Jota, who is another great striker; Luis Diaz, Salah. To play alongside these 'monsters' is going to be something really special for me because as a kid you dream of going far and I dreamt of being able to play in Europe, but I didn't expect to get as far as a great club like Liverpool. “I can tell you; I'm really enjoying it so far and enjoying being here with my partner. If my partner is happy, I am happier because your family is fundamental. So, there'll be a lot of competition between the forwards here, but it will be healthy competition. We're all here to help each other out so everything goes well for everybody.”