Long Covid describes persistent symptoms that last after the initial infection has gone. From tiredness to rashes, coronavirus can leave you with a myriad of stubborn long-term signs. A new study by researchers from King's College London, looking at data from the ZOE COVID Symptom study app, found the variant linked to a lower risk. Published in a letter to the journal The Lancet, the analysis suggested that Omicron variant is “less likely” to trigger long Covid compared to Delta variant. Generally, the Omicron variant, which appeared in the UK last winter, showed less severe symptoms and signs. However, the NHS notes that the likelihood of long Covid doesn’t seem to be linked to the severity of the initial infection. It explains that people with mild symptoms can still develop long-term symptoms. READ MORE: Hair loss: Three ‘hair-care’ habits found to be ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss  But this new study reported that Omicron is indeed linked to a lower risk of long Covid. The study detailed that long Covid is defined as having new or ongoing symptoms four weeks or more after the start of the condition. What’s worse, these symptoms can have a severe impact on your daily life, with some people being “severely” limited by these culprits. The research team found that the likelihood of having long Covid was between 20 to 50 percent less during the Omicron period versus the Delta period, depending on age and time since vaccination. Looking at almost 98,000 people, the study compared positive patients from Omicron period to Delta period. Their analysis showed that 4.4 percent of Omicron cases were long Covid, compared to 10.8 percent of Delta cases. However, the absolute number of people experiencing the long-term condition was higher in the Omicron period. The team explained this happened because of the high numbers of Omicron cases from December 2021 to February 2022. The UK Office of National Statistics estimated the amount of people living with long Covid increased from 1.3 million in January 2022 to 2 million as of 1st May 2022. Lead author, Dr Claire Steves from King's College London, said: "The Omicron variant appears substantially less likely to cause long Covid than previous variants but still one in 23 people who catch COVID-19 go on to have symptoms for more than four weeks. “Given the numbers of people affected it's important that we continue to support them at work, at home and within the NHS." These findings are considered the first peer-reviewed study to report on long Covid risk in regards to the Omicron variant. According to the NHS, the “common” signs linked to the persistent condition include: The health service recommends contacting your GP if you’re “worried” about persisting symptoms after you had coronavirus infection.