Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, 51, posed with her husband King Willem-Alexander and three daughters today for a series of new pictures. The three Dutch Princesses, Princess Amalia, 18, Princess Alexia, 16, and Princess Ariane, 15, posed for a photo session at the Noordeinde Palace in The Hague with their parents. The beautiful Queen of the Netherlands did not disappoint with her style.  Maxima wore an ‘Adikia asymmetric knotted tie-dyed crepe midi dress’ from Altuzarra, which made her look very modern and on-trend. The long-sleeved tie-dye green dress sells for an outstanding £1,535. The description on the Net A Porter says: “Altuzarra's 'Adikia' dress is made from smooth crepe that falls in soft pleats and folds. “It has a twisted collar with a deep cutout and knotted waist.  “The tie-dyed print makes the shape look even more dimensional.” Heir to the throne Amalia stunned in her Diane von Furstenberg dress during the photo shoot. The Erica floral-print chiffon maxi dress retails for £597 from Net-A-Porter. The description on the website says: “Diane von Furstenberg is loved for its beautiful, eye-catching prints, and the blooms on this 'Erica' dress really pop against the black backdrop.   “It's made from lightweight chiffon in a slightly loose silhouette with gently puffed sleeves and a partially elasticated waist for definition. “Leave a few buttons undone a the hem to create a split.” Princess Alexia opted for a T-shirt and trouser combination. The 16-year-old wore a short-sleeved printed shirt from Sandro.  The green top costs just £159.20, as it is on sale from £199. It is a short-sleeved flowing buttoned shirt with a daisy print. Alexia chose the exact same printed trousers to match. They cost £199.20, as they are also on sale from £249. The loose, wide-leg trousers feature an all-over daisy pattern.  Her younger sister Ariane also chose an outfit from the brand Sandro. However, this Princess opted for a Celia ruched mini dress. The dress is described as “ecru” which is a pale or light greyish-yellow or brown, i.e. beige. Ariane’s £246.39 straight-cut dress has a V-neck with a collar, long sleeves with button cuffs and ruching at the chest. Princess Alexia will be celebrating her 17th birthday on Sunday, June 26. 