Currently, the tax-free allowance sits at £325,000 and is known as the nil-rate band and if the value of an estate is under this than no tax is paid on it. If the value is more than the threshold, the standard rate of tax on it is 40 percent, unless assets are left to charity. Gifts and donations to qualifying charities are exempt from inheritance tax and if a person leaves 10 percent or more of their net estate to charity, then the rate of inheritance tax payable reduces to 36 percent.  Alongside that, the value of the charitable gifts themselves are deducted before inheritance tax is charged. This means, in some scenarios, donating more to charity could actually lower a person's inheritance tax bill and can mean that people have a bit more to leave to their beneficiaries overall. However, this depends on how much the estate is worth in the first place, as well as the size of the donation. According to the rules, gifts to charities are exempt as long as they are made outright to a charity that they qualify as a charity under UK law or is established in the EU or another specified country. READ MORE: ‘I just sobbed’ HSBC customer devastated as she loses £22,000 in scam The charity also needs to be regulated in the country where it was established and it needs to be managed by "fit and proper persons". The choices of gifts that a person can leave to charity includes a pecuniary legacy, which is a fixed cash amount or a specific legacy which is a particular item, such as property or shares. A person can also leave a residuary legacy which is the whole or a share of what’s left in the estate once everything else has been paid such as other gifts, taxes, and expenses. Advice to individuals leaving gifts to charity is to clearly draft their wishes in their will and should include details such as the charity's name, address, and registered charity number. Claire Roberts, Tax Partner at the accountancy firm Moore Kingston Smith said: "The choice of giving to charity in life or on death depends on personal circumstances. "Lifetime giving benefits from Gift Aid and has the added advantage of reducing the value of your estate for IHT purposes. "However, leaving charitable gifts in your will could provide the comfort that you are helping a good cause whilst having sufficient funds to enjoy retirement." Ms Roberts highlighted that as the Chancellor Rishi Sunak has frozen the threshold at £325,000 until April 2026 and that the cost of assets are on the rise, more and more people will be dragged into the inheritance net. Ms Roberts added: "The generous IHT breaks on offer for charitable giving should not be overlooked when drafting wills and planning for the future." According to projections by the Office for Budget Responsibility, the government will collect £37billion in inheritance tax over the next five years. This is a 36 percent increase on the last five years where £27.2billion was collected. Five years ago, inheritance tax raised an annual amount of £4.8billion, in five years’ time it’s estimated the figure will be £8.3billion. There are other ways of reducing the level of inheritance tax a person pays. These include gifting money and assets whilst a person is still alive or placing assets into a trust and taking out life insurance. Also, if a person leaves everything in their estate above the threshold to their spouse, civil partner, or an amateur sports club, then inheritance is usually not paid. Being married or in a civil partnership definitely helps with inheritance tax as if one person has an estate which is worth less than the threshold, then upon their death, the unused threshold may be added to the surviving partner’s threshold when they die. This means that their threshold could amount to a maximum of £950,000.