A clash of opinions with a strong minded neighbour will leave you feeling as if things are starting to get on top of you. If you spend too long within your own four walls, the atmosphere will become claustrophobic. You could do with some fresh air, a little light exercise and a change of scenery. A neighbour may have had a temporary blank spot and will admit to having forgotten to tell you about a special social event now being arranged. This is something you will want to get involved in, and you won’t be pleased with their forgetfulness. You might even wonder if there was a reason behind their apparent forgetfulness. A friend’s text messages make you feel they are bitter about something even though they won’t say what it is. You would prefer to talk in person rather than receive confusing communications. A difference of opinion over a trivial incident could lead to strained relationships in the family.  Keeping in touch with people you have an emotional or spiritual connection with will be uplifting as you share beliefs, interests and activities you all happen to feel strongly about and enjoy. Some interesting new friends will be made both in your immediate environment and on the internet. New developments in a close relationship will excite you. Your mind is on what you can do to prove how much you care for someone. A long-term partnership has been neglected of late, and you want to make this up to your other half now. Your natural charm will help ease your path. Discretion is needed in order to avoid giving a competitor an opening. Bringing plans out into the open too soon will give them an idea of what you are up to. If you are launching anything new, you might prefer to do this from behind the scenes.  Despite being bound up with career and outside activities, you are aware of the need to try to give a young child or relative some extra time. You are doing your best not to upset someone who is ultra-sensitive, but no matter how much thought you put into your words and deeds, they seem to find something to complain about. A newfound enthusiasm for life will help you in all you do. You may even find it easier to accept some heavier than usual responsibilities. A fresh start is bringing a change in your outlook as you see things in a different light. It will come as a pleasant surprise how satisfying life can be. Holding back from taking the initiative will serve you better than taking direct action when other people are involved in your plans. Someone has real reservations about some of your ideas. Giving them a chance to think about changes being discussed will have a better impact.  Someone who has upset you a few times in the past will disappoint you yet again. They’ve got away with similar behaviour before and expect to do so this time too. You have been too forgiving in the past, and it is time to let them know that this is something you will not tolerate ever again. Taking risks can be fun, but caution is advised. Don’t get too swept away with the feeling that you can’t lose, or you may be proven otherwise. Instead, this is a good time to take a clear and objective look into future plans, especially if you are considering new ventures. Start placing more stress on the practical side of some projects to please people who want to see progress. Trying to sell your ideas to someone who has no imagination will only be a waste of time. Some things are best kept to yourself. You don’t need anyone’s approval for the plans you are currently making. 