The latest guidance, issued by the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), encourages cases to limit contact with other household members. It comes as a further 18 cases brought the total tally to 321 yesterday, marking the largest outbreak in Europe to date. Authorities in England are amping up efforts to tame the outbreak by asking anyone with monkeypox to sleep in separate bedrooms, and use separate bathrooms from their loved ones. The UKSHA has asked cases to ensure they meet the following criteria before ending their isolation: People with symptoms, who share a household with non-infected individuals, have also been advised to follow good hygiene measures at all times. Where possible, they should use a separate room and keep at least three steps away from other household members. Physical contact should also be avoided, particularly with young children, pregnant women and immunosuppressed individuals. Laundry should also be kept separate from other household members, and close contact with pets should also be limited. The UKHSA reminded: “Household members are at the highest risk of becoming infected from a case within their house. “The new guidance advises people with Monkeypox infection to take steps to try and limit transition with the household.” The virus, which is closely related to smallpox, spreads between humans through contact with infectious scabs, sores, or body fluids. The latest guidance follows initial instructions issued in May, asking those infected with the virus to isolate for 21 days.  Chief Medical Advisor at UKHSA, Doctor Susan Hopkins, noted: “Self-isolation is an important measure for protecting others from Monkeypox. “Staying at home and doing all we can to avoid close contact with other people in the household will prevent the spread of this virus. “We know that self-isolation is not easy for some so it’s important that people ask for support if needed.” It comes as doctors were instructed earlier this week, to inform the local council if any cases are detected. This legislation also extends to other viruses like COVID-19, the plague, acute meningitis, measles and smallpox. Anyone with a suspected case of monkeypox should also be reported by medics within three days, according to the UKHSA. Confirmed cases may be administered a vaccine called Jynneos, which is approved in the US and Europe for preventing monkeypox and smallpox, in people aged over 18. Fortunately, however, the virus is mild enough to allow sufferers to recover without treatment, within 14 to 21 days.