Leeds have begun planning to reshape their attack for next season under Jesse Marsch with an 'offer' said to have been to Paris Saint-Germain for Arnaud Kalimuendo. Leeds are desperate to add more goals to their frontline for next year after a disappointing campaign where they only just survived a relegation battle. Patrick Bamford was out injured for the majority of the campaign while Daniel James struggled in his debut campaign at Elland Road. Raphinha continued to impress for the Whites, but the Brazilian is now being strongly linked with a move away from Leeds with Barcelona showing the most interest. Attacking signings will be needed to follow deals for Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus Kristensen. Marc Roca is set to arrive in the near future to help bolster Marsch's midfield options, but the Independent claim Leeds are moving forward with their plans in attack with a bid made for Kalimuendo. The 20-year-old has spent the last two seasons out on loan at RC Lens and scored 12 Ligue 1 goals last season. He played a huge role in helping Lens battle for a return to European football, only for them to miss out by four points. Kalimuendo has now returned to PSG this summer and is attracting interest from European clubs. But Leeds appear to have stolen a march on their rivals after launching a bid for the forward. PSG are said to be 'amenable' to a deal, however negotiations with the Ligue 1 giants could also be 'complicated'. The French club want a 'series of clauses' built in to any agreement to sell Kalimuendo. PSG want to reportedly include a buy-back option in any deal as they rate him highly. Kalimuendo played through the middle for the majority of last season at Lens, but can also operate on the left wing. That versatility may be useful for Marsch next year with the strong prospect of losing Raphinha while Jack Harrison has also been linked with a move away from Elland Road. If Leeds do sign Kalimuendo, he will unlikely be the only forward arriving at the club this summer. Around £35m has already been spent on Aaronson and Kristensen while a further £10m is being handed over to Bayern Munich for Roca. That's only £50m shy of the record spend they spent back in 2020 after they earned promotion back to the Premier League.