Authorities were called to reports of "suspicious activity" shortly after 12.30pm. At least three police cars, including a police dog unit, were spotted in the town centre near the train station, while a helicopter was said to have been in attendance. Sussex Police told Express.co.uk the incident was drug-related. They said: "Police received a report of suspicious activity at a property Longfords Road, Bognor Regis, shortly after 12.30pm on Thursday (June 23). "The road was closed to ensure the safety of the public while officers entered the building. "A quantity of drugs was found in the premises and a 21-year-old man from Bognor Regis was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply a Class A drug. "He remains in custody." The incident occurred between Linden Road and Clifton Road. Images shared on social media show a cordon appeared to be in place. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Inspector Ross Wickings said: "We understand that this incident may have caused alarm in the community, but I would like to reassure the public that there is no wider risk of harm. "Our officers responded swiftly to a report from a member of the public and a man is now in custody. An investigation is now underway to establish the full circumstances of the situation. "Thank you to local residents and businesses for their understanding." Traffic monitoring system Inrix. said the road had reopened in both directions, with traffic back to normal, by 4.25pm. Read more: Man 'killed his own grandmother' inside her home Bognis Regis made headlines on Thursday as a man who pretended to be a police officer so he could steal an elderly woman's bank card to make numerous purchases was jailed for four years. James Beaney, of Gravits Lane, was linked to at least two distraction burglaries by authorities. Beaney, 45, called at the home of an 89-year-old man at 8pm on May 16 claiming to be a plain-clothed police officer and insisted on searching the property to ensure the person living there was not the victim of a recent burglary. Nothing was stolen in this instance. But the same time the following night, Beaney called on a 92-year-old woman in Pagham, again pretending to be from the police. He made an excuse to get into the property before stealing her wallet containing cash and a bank card, which he then used to buy food and alcohol from nearby stores on at least two occasions after the burglary. Beaney was captured on CCTV. He was arrested and charged with burglary, burglary with intent to steal, and two counts of dishonestly making a false representation to make a gain for himself or cause loss to another. He pleaded guilty to all offences at Portsmouth Crown Court on June 17 and was sentenced to a total of four years' imprisonment. Detective Constable Gaye Moore, of Bognor Regis Investigations, said: "Beaney preyed on vulnerable elderly residents and gave a false account — even going as far as to claim officers did not carry identification while undercover — in order to enter their homes and steal their valuables. "Thanks to the accounts provided by the victims and some witnesses, we were able to swiftly identify and locate Beaney, and link him to these offences. Now justice has been served. "I'd like to remind residents to remain vigilant and challenge anyone who calls at your address without ID, especially if they are unexpected. No professional will mind waiting outside whilst you make a call to confirm their identity, and police officers will always show their warrant card."