Earlier on Tuesday a fire broke out at Stebbing House in Shepherd’s Bush, west London, which saw at least 30 people evacuated from the building. At least one resident suffered smoke inhalation, while the outside of the block of flats was left scorched. Labour councillor Stephen Cowan, leader of Hammersmith & Fulham council, said a man was thought to have then poured water on the scooter after it caught fire, causing “billowing smoke”. Mr Cowan said: “What I’ve been advised is that there was a fire started early in the morning by an electric scooter. “They were charging an electric scooter in the flat, it caught fire, the individual had the presence of mind to pull the plug on it, and then he threw water on it. “That caused billowing smoke. Smoke went everywhere. Automatically the fire alarms kicked in.” Around 60 firefighters were sent to tackle the blaze in Shepherd’s Bush at 09.23am. London Ambulance Service confirmed paramedics assessed two more people at the scene in Queensdale Crescent. The scorched windows of Mr Shakat's home at the Stebbing House flats, less than a mile (1.6km) from Grenfell Tower where a fire claimed 72 lives in 2017, can clearly be seen. Resident Liiban Shakat told the BBC he feared he was "going to die" when his friend woke him and led him to a guest bedroom engulfed in flames on the 12th floor. He described how his friend's "mouth was black because he inhaled so much smoke" and needed hospital treatment. Mr Shakat, 38, said the fire started in his guest bedroom where his friend, who was staying for several days, had been charging an e-bike battery. Speaking to reporters outside the building and still wearing his macawis, a traditional Somali style of pyjamas, he said: "[My friend] was in the room that caught on fire. He was in the bed. His mouth was black because he inhaled so much smoke." The friend woke Mr Shakat and led him to the fire and, half-awake, he rushed to pour a bucket of water over the burning debris, which Mr Shakat said had made the fire worse. Mr Shakat claimed no fire alarm had sounded. A spokesman for the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham (LBHF), which manages the building, said the fire alarm in his flat definitely did work but Mr Shakat did not hear it because he was outside the building. The spokesman added the flats had all been fitted with the "highest-rated fire doors on the market" and "compartmentalisation worked" in keeping the fire contained to one flat. The block contains 180 flats, he added, and there were six residents with Personal Emergency Evacuation Plans (Peeps) who were helped to safety by firefighters.