The health body says it may help to write down your symptoms before seeing a doctor. The Mayo Clinic says: “Endometriosis can be a challenging condition to manage. An early diagnosis, a multidisciplinary medical team and an understanding of your diagnosis may result in better management of your symptoms.”  One of the main symptoms of endometriosis is period pain that stops you doing your normal activities, according to the NHS. Endometriosis UK says symptoms can vary in intensity in those with endometriosis, and the amount of endometriosis does not always correspond to the amount of pain and discomfort experienced. The organisation notes that not everyone with endometriosis experiences symptoms. It says the “classic endometriosis symptoms” include:   The NHS suggests people see a GP if they have symptoms of endometriosis, especially if they're having a big impact on their life. The health body explains there is no cure for endometriosis and it can be difficult to treat, though treatment aims to ease symptoms so the condition does not interfere with your daily life. It adds that because endometriosis manifests itself in a variety of ways and shares symptoms with other conditions, diagnosis can be difficult and often delayed. You should see a GP if you have symptoms of endometriosis, especially if they're having a big impact on your life.  Endometriosis UK says one in 10 women of reproductive age in the UK suffer from endometriosis. It adds that the prevalence of endometriosis in women with infertility can be as high as 30 to 50 percent. The Royal College of Nurses says: “Women of any age can be affected by endometriosis but it is rare for the condition to manifest before a girl has her first period. “Teenagers who suffer with painful periods, experience fainting or collapse when having a period, or who miss school because of their period problems should be considered as possibly suffering from the condition.”  The Mayo Clinic says the main complication of endometriosis is impaired fertility. The NHS says this is not fully understood, but is thought to be because of damage to the fallopian tubes or ovaries. It adds: “But not all women with endometriosis will have problems and will eventually be able to get pregnant without treatment. “Medication will not improve fertility. Surgery to remove visible patches of endometriosis tissue can sometimes help, but there's no guarantee this will help you get pregnant.”  Endometriosis UK says endometriosis affecting the bladder is rare and the exact cause is unknown. It says symptoms for endometriosis on the bladder can vary with the menstrual cycle, tending to be worse in the days before and during a period. The charity adds symptoms for bladder endometriosis can include the following: 