The high-profile blowback to the Rwanda deportation plan has further entrenched these contradictory stances. Of course, we could all guess that the Rwanda scheme was never going to run smoothly – let’s not forget the last disastrous headlines about Boris Johnson and an aeroplane. It’s certainly embarrassing that there will probably be more air hostesses aboard the Heathrow-to-Kigali express, but the high-profile deportations were always going to be more of a statement of intent than an legitimate solution to our border woes. The real measure of a good policy is in its unglamourous day-to-day implementation. And you'd think it would be easy for the police to carry out a routine raid under the "most Right-wing government in decades". Not quite. Immigration officials were blocked on Saturday from arresting a Nigerian man living in Peckham who had been accused of overstaying his visa. Around 200 residents, activists, and local councillors stopped a van the accused was being transported in from leaving. Police arrived on the scene and weakly attempted to remove the protesters from the area in the face of jeers and taunts. After a few hours the force retreated, while the mob shouted "Don’t come back to Peckham!" and "This is what democracy looks like!" A common thread in all of this activism is the rejection of "state violence".  The police, they’d have us believe, are enthusiastically wielding their monopoly on violence to oppress self-proclaimed asylum speakers to appease our hard-line Home Office and fascistic government. The figures speak for themselves on the reality of immigration in Britain. Under Boris’s tenure, migration levels have soared dramatically – a curious fact considering his massive majority was gained by invoking the spirit of Brexit, a campaign driven by opposition to freedom of movement. There will always be subversives who wish to subvert the law for their own political agenda. What makes the Peckham raid so concerning is the unwillingness of the police to carry out their duty to detain lawbreakers. So why did the police refuse to arrest the obstructive mob? Unfortunately, it’s not the first time they’ve failed to do their job. A high-profile case last year involved Scottish police fleeing the scene after Glasgow activists successfully blocked the detention of two illegal migrants. It’s easy to get the impression that the police are rather embarrassed at having to work alongside immigration officials, what with their constant desire to appear "woke" and tolerant. Those who attended anti-lockdown protests certainly didn’t receive the same soft treatment as Saturday’s Marxist rabble. The police aren’t paid to promote social justice. It’s called "the force" for a reason – they are the violent arm of the state used to impose the law, legitimised through the democratic processes of government. All the high-vis jackets and community outreach programs in the world won’t change this fact. The issue is that the Government has allowed the police to believe it is somehow independent from this duty to the state.  We saw the same problem with civil servants refusing to carry out the preliminary arrangements for the Rwanda plan, as well as various attempts to scupper Brexit provisions over the years. The rule of law is not a negotiation, a suggestion, or an embarrassment. It’s no good fighting a culture war with words alone. Illiberal activists are fully prepared to manipulate existing laws to achieve their agenda, while our own democratically elected government shies behind flimsy rhetoric and refuses to bring the state apparatus to heel. Voters are unlikely to bother providing Boris with an 80-seat majority again when he has proven so unwilling to actually use it. It’s high time we stop pretending immigration raids are somehow genocidal acts in a country that takes half a million legal migrants a year. And it’s time to reclaim the levers of the state from wokeism. Democracy doesn’t look like a crowd of Peckham 20-somethings blocking a van. It looks like the police doing their jobs. Poppy Coburn is an editorial trainee at UnHerd. 