Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media after she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks online. Now, her fans share their own advice, including the best ways to clean pillows. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Julia Crane wrote: “Any tips for discoloured pillows? “I know that they are in their pillow cases so you can’t see the inside bit but I know they look grim. “I wash them but they’re still stained.” There are a number of reasons why pillows become stained, including sweat. READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow They may also become stained due to make-up or hair products. Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share top tips on how to remove yellow stains. Sophie May wrote: “I’m currently washing mine in the washing machine, they come out misshaped but with a little patience they do fluff back to normal again.” April Wilson said: “Put a clean tennis ball in with pillows, stops them misshaping.” DON'T MISS:Property market showing ‘signs of cooling’ despite rising prices [INSIGHT]‘Natural solution’ for ‘fighting grease’ in the kitchen - and it’s 19p [COMMENT]Use cinnamon method to ‘kill’ houseplant pests including gnats [EXPLAINER] Petrina Fee commented: “You should put Vanish in your washing machine, best way.” Jack Fenary said: “Wash them with Vanish.” “Vanish works wonders with pillow stains,” agreed Patricia Lacey. Vanish’s Oxi Action Stain Remover Powder can help with stain removal as well as odour elimination. It can be purchased from supermarkets including Tesco, Asda, Waitrose and Sainsbury’s. The product retails at around £5 for a 1kg tub. Some Mrs Hinch fans recommended using white vinegar and baking soda to help lift the stains. Alice Tilda said: “Mix vinegar and baking soda to create a paste and put it on the pillow.” According to experts at Dreams, pillows should be washed at a minimum of 60 degrees celsius. While this may not get rid of stains, it can help to get rid of nasty bacteria. It is recommended pillows are washed at least twice a year. Dreams’ experts said: “Like sheets, dry them quickly and thoroughly. “However, as up to a third of the weight of your pillow can be made up of dead skin, bugs, dust mites and more, washing them after hot weather can be beneficial. “In fact, an average unwashed pillow can contain 16 species of fungi. “To avoid this, it can be a good idea to choose hypoallergenic pillows or ones with cooling credentials.”