Chelsea have been warned that they could be overloaded in wide areas should they make a move for Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling this summer. The England star has just one year left on his contract at the Etihad and has been linked with a move away from the club this summer, with Chelsea reportedly in pole position to sign the 27-year-old. Despite scoring 13 goals in the Premier League last season, more than any Chelsea player, former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol has raised concerns about a possible move. “At the moment Raheem Sterling would overload Chelsea with these players,” Nicol told ESPN. “[Callum] Hudson-Odoi, Hakim Ziyech, Mason Mount, Timo Werner plays in a wider position, Christian Pulisic, there’s a constant gripe this side of the pond over gametime for him so I don’t know. “He is a good player, I think he wants to be a big fish in a slightly smaller pond at the moment, and I mean that not in that Chelsea are a smaller club, I mean that City and Liverpool are ahead of them and it’s harder to get into their teams.” Mason Mount was Chelsea’s top league scorer last season with 11 goals, Thomas Tuchel regularly rotated the Blues’ front three as he struggled to find a consistent pairing with Mount. Following the additions of Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez at Manchester City, Sterling could leave Pep Guardiola’s side along with Gabriel Jesus who has been linked with a move to Arsenal. Despite the glut of players in forward positions, Nicol believes that Tuchel does not trust the majority of them and Sterling would command a starting role at Chelsea. “If he goes there, he starts,” the ESPN pundit claimed. “Pulisic and Ziyech all of them, apart from Havertz, I don’t think he trusts them. They say he trusts Werner, you look at how many times he starts, it doesn't seem to me he’s really enamoured with him. “The only person other than Havertz is Mason Mount and Sterling if he goes to Chelsea absolutely would play more games. “This has to be about playing more games, you don’t go from City to Chelsea who are way off, way off the pace challenging for the Premier League or Champions League. “I think it’s a good move for Chelsea because Sterling starts above every other one of them.” Sterling did make just 23 league starts for City last season, his lowest number of starts since he joined the club from Liverpool in 2015. The Premier League champions are said to want over £50million for Sterling, as Sky Sports claim that the England man is one of Chelsea’s primary summer targets.