Rafael Nadal has been warned over the one player left in the French Open draw that can trouble him. The 13-time champion defeated long-time rival Novak Djokovic in four sets on Thursday and now faces Alexander Zverev, but former champion Yevgeny Kafelnikov believes the only man who can worry the Spaniard is in the other half of the draw. Nadal got revenge over Djokovic after losing to the world No 1 in last year’s French Open in the semi-final stage, and will play third seed Zverev for a spot in the final. But 1996 champion Kafelnikov has admitted he doesn’t think the German will worry the world No 5, and believes the only man who can trouble Nadal now is Casper Ruud. "As much as I love Sasha Zverev, I don't think there is a chance against Nadal,” the retired former world No 1 told SportKlub. “The only one who can bother Rafa - believe it or not - is Casper Ruud. I think he has the necessary style of play and can play a long match” But Kafelnikov still thought the French Open was now Nadal’s to lose, calling him the “absolute favourite” for the title. “When we get to the later stages, when he smells the opportunity, he plays at 150 per cent,” he added. JUST IN: John McEnroe furious at Rafael Nadal for tactics in Novak Djokovic win   With Ruud in the other half of the draw, he still needs to get through a quarter-final against 19-year-old Holger Rune and a potential semi-final against either Marin Cilic or Andrey Rublev to reach the final, where he could face Nadal if the Spaniard beats Zverev on what will be his 36th birthday. Kafelnikov also weighed in on the 59th meeting between Djokovic and Nadal and admitted that last year’s champion was too relaxed at some moments in the match, allowing Nadal to get himself back in it from 2-5 down in the fourth to win the match in a tiebreak. He explained: “I think Novak relaxed a little too much at 5-2 in the fourth set, as if he already thought that he did everything he needed to do and equalised at two sets all. “Rafa opened a small window, and he made a break at 503. When he made the break, Nadal concentrated on doing his best to finish the match in four sets. He did not want to go to the fifth set because Novak is a great fighter and it would not be easy to break him. Djokovic made the mistake of relaxing.” DON'T MISSFrench Open criticised after Rafael Nadal win vs Novak Djokovic timingDjokovic reacts to Nadal retirement hint after losing at French OpenAlcaraz 'confident of winning Slam' as Djokovic and Nadal warned   The 26-time title winner also thought that “from the first point, it was clear” that “something bothered” the top seed. “I hope it's not physical and I don't think it is because he ran well and covered the field. Maybe it was mental, because the whole stadium of Philippe-Chatrier was cheering for Nadal,” he speculated. But the Russian defended the crowd’s decision to cheer in favour of Nadal as the 13-time champion, rubbishing any idea that they were anti-Djokovic. “That's right, the man has won Roland Garros 13 times and the fans are definitely emotionally fond of him. I think it bothered Novak a little, but it was an epic match, I enjoyed every minute. I’m sure the Paris audience loves Novak too, but with Rafa it’s a special story. I understand Novak, but I also understand the sympathy of the audience towards Rafa,” he said. 