Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, was centre stage for the Royal Family on Tuesday as she appeared on the first day of Royal Ascot. The outing, with Prince Charles and Peter Phillips, came a day after she was made a Royal Lady of the Order of the Garter by the Queen. The prestigious appointment followed Camilla’s prominent role in Her Majesty’s recent Platinum Jubilee events to mark her 70 years on the throne. Before the celebrations, in February, the Queen bestowed another honour on her daughter-in-law to mark the anniversary of her accession to the throne. The monarch made it known that the Duchess should take the title Queen Consort when Prince Charles becomes King. Camilla was previously set to be known as Princess Consort when the Prince of Wales accedes to the throne. The move was a “masterly stroke” on the Queen’s part, according to Richard Fitzwilliams, who praised her handling of the situation. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the royal commentator said: “I think it was a very, very good idea to do that.” JUST IN: Meghan and Harry warned they could be ‘cut off’ by Firm - Sussexes in ‘last chance saloon' He added: “And to do that then. It was a masterly stroke.” Charles was previously married to Diana, Princess of Wales, who died in a car crash in 1997, the year after their divorce was settled. Since Camilla and the future King tied the knot in 2005, the Duchess’ popularity among the public has grown. Her relationship with the Queen is important, given the past “problems”, according to Mr Fitzwilliams. He said: “It is an important relationship obviously, given the past, given Charles and Diana and the problems there. “Clearly, this fondness for Camilla has developed. “I think there are people who see that Camilla has done very, very well. “Also, she is so supportive of Charles. They have similar friends. They are in the same age group, and have the same sense of humour. “She sees her job as to support Charles and she does it very well and so the Queen has given her important honours.” Charles married Camilla at a civil ceremony 17 years ago at Windsor Guildhall, Berkshire. DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew DEMANDS to be in spotlight as William royal 'birthright' row deepens [LATEST]Queen and Prince Louis win hearts as nation's favourite Jubilee royals [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew have his royal status reinstated? [ANALYSIS] At the time, Clarence House explained that Camila would use the title Princess Consort, as opposed to Queen, when Charles became King. A spokesman said: “It is intended that Mrs Parker Bowles should use the title HRH the Princess Consort when the Prince of Wales accedes to the throne.” Mr Fitzwilliams claimed that using that title would not have had any “historical significance”. He said: “This was ultimately to solve this issue, because the idea that she would be Princess Consort was never likely in the sense that is not a title which has any historical significance. “Clearly at one time, at least officially, the Queen would not see Camilla and gradually, things have developed into what seems to be a very friendly relationship. “Certainly, she appreciates what the Duchess of Cornwall is doing.”