While many countries are happy to welcome tourists, some areas have introduced rules to combat party tourism or to control the number of visitors. Where are tourists subject to controls? Spain is the UK’s most popular holiday destination and according to easyJet around 30 percent of Britons plan to travel there this year. However, some areas have struggled with party tourism in recent years and new laws have been introduced to combat it in the Balearic islands. Playa de Palma, a popular party district in Majorca, recently banned tourists from entering restaurants wearing football shirts. Tourists also have to follow strict drinking rules in some areas of the Balearics including in Magaluf. READ MORE: Jet2 passenger in tears after being left stranded as flight axed Meanwhile Barcelona is set to increase taxes on cruise ships in a bid to cut down on pollution in the city. It is not yet known how much the tax would be but it is likely to hit cruise ship passengers visiting the Mediterranean city. Italy is one of the world’s top tourist destinations with visitors flocking to the country’s beaches and incredible historical sites. A new number plate system in the popular Amalfi Coast area is aiming to control traffic congestion. The Amalfi Coast receives thousands of visitors each summer and tourists are often faced with hours-long queues on the ocean road. In new peak season rules, tourists whose car number plate ends in an odd number will only be able to access the road on odd days. Those with a number plate ending in an even number will only be able to drive on an even day. The rules will apply from June to September as well as during the Easter holiday week but residents and public transport are exempt. Venice has banned large cruise ships from its ports with a daytripper fee expected to be introduced next year. The southern city of Marseille is famous for its incredible coves, known as the Calanques, which draw thousands of visitors every summer. This year tourists will need to apply to visit the most popular Calanques in a system which will operate from June to October. Numbers to the Sugiton calanque will be capped at 400 visitors per day and bookings can be made three days in advance. Reservations are free but will be checked by a private security company and tourists can visit eight times per summer. Wales has yet to introduce tourist controls but is weighing up a new tourist tax which could charge visitors a small fee per night. Some residents feel that tourists should pay the fee to cover the extra pressure on essential services during peak season. However, some people feel that a tourist tax would put visitors off travelling to Wales and impact the tourism industry. Tourist taxes are already in place in some areas of Spain, France and Italy as well as other popular destinations.