Boris Johnson revealed he is “actively thinking” about running a third term as Prime Minister. GB News viewer Linda Finlow reacted to Boris Johnson’s hint and said “I think he could do it and I would vote for him”. She added, “I think he’s great and I love the way he winds up the mainstream media and all the lefties”. Referring to the by-elections held last week which saw the Conservative Party being double-defeated by Labour and Liberal Democrats both in Wakefield and Tiverton and Honiton, she forecasted “there doesn’t seem to be any appetite for a Labour or Liberal government”. Ms Finlow told GB News: “It’s an off the cuff remark, but I think he could do it and I would vote for him. “I love the way Boris winds up the mainstream media and all the lefties. “It’s one thing being in power and being in Westminster and being remote. “I think he’s great. “He’s a very hail fellow well met. “He will talk, he will talk to anyone. “He’s unfailingly polite and courteous. “He’s charming. READ MORE: Brexit border tech fix hailed by Irish firm 'Surprised was dismissed!' “You may or may not agree with his politics, I do. “I think it’s already being very politically minded, but you have to have the personality to go with it.” Referring to the two by-elections held in Wakefield and Tiverton andHoniton, which saw the Conservative party being double-defeated by the Labour Party and Liberal Democrats, she added: “There must have been a great disappointment. “But there’s another story there. DON'T MISS: Have Your Say: Should Boris Johnson serve three terms? [WATCH]Freddie Mercury's 'terrible' battle with fellow music legend [LISTEN]Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive [INSIGHT] “The story is that Labour lost its deposit in Tiverton, they got something like 3.7 percent of the vote. “I don’t think that Kier Starmer needs to be measuring the curtains at No.10 just yet. “He thinks it’s a great victory winning Wakefield back, but there doesn’t seem to me to be any appetite for a Labour government or a Liberal government”. The comments came as Boris Johnson revealed he is “actively thinking” about a third term as Prime Minister. He said: “At the moment I’m actively thinking about the third term and what could happen then, but I will review that when I get to it”. The remarks came after Conservative Party recorded a double-defeat in the two by-elections held in Wakefield and Tiverton and Honiton. The by-election results, for instance, saw Tories being defeated by Liberal Democrats in Tiverton and Honiton and by Labours in Wakefield. READ NEXT: Paul McCartney splits Glastonbury fans with Johnny Depp videoTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd reject Maguire swap, Arsenal Raphinha meetSafest country in the world for Britons - full listPutin's blue-light dash to Kremlin - mystery race to meetingUkraine: Putin warned inner circle is plotting assassination