The comedian, 33, from Birmingham, said officers asked him to explain the context of a gag in a statement, but the case was closed now. He wrote in a post on Instagram: "So someone came to my tour show a few weeks back and was offended by one of the jokes." "And their perfectly understandable response to this was… to call the f** police. "To be fair to them the fuzz were very nice about it all but felt they had a duty to investigate." Mr Lycett vowed the joke would remain part of his routine, adding it is one of the best he has ever written. He also said he hoped the police were charmed and "hopefully amused" by his response.  The Great British Sewing Bee presenter wrote: "The tour continues until September, unless I am jailed." Pro-Brexit campaigner Paul Embery tweeted in response: "We can all sleep more soundly in our beds for knowing that the police are keeping close tabs on the material of stand-up comedians." Mr Lycett is known for his stand-up routines where he would recount email exchanges about scams and parking fines. He also changed his name to Hugo Boss two years ago.   READ MORE ABOUT A GB NEWS GUEST SHUTTING DOWN A PANELIST OVER TRAIN STRIKES The news of the the investigation comes after a report showed police have failed to solve burglaries in half of the country's neighbourhoods. Out of more than 32,000 communities studied, 16,000 had all their burglary cases over a three-year period closed with no suspect charged by police. Analysis by The Telegraph shows Parson Cross in Sheffield was worst hit with 104 burglaries closed without a suspect. It was followed by New Arley and Fillongley in Warwickshire which saw 99 cases go unsolved.   DON'T MISS: X Factor star hit by tragedy as fiancee dies on wedding morning [REVEALED] AA van gets stuck in sand while trying to rescue trapped car [REPORT]‘He's a good guy!’ Gyles Brandreth defends Prince William after attack [LATEST] Policing minister Kit Malthouse told the Telegraph he wanted to see forces being more proactive in preventing and solving cases to give the public confidence they are doing the job. He said: "Crimes like theft and burglary have a profound impact on victims, so sending a police officer in person to every single domestic burglary is key to catching those responsible. "Finding them quicker, and deterring their criminal behaviour in the first place, is how we are going to make our streets safer for everyone." Victims' commissioner Vera Baird said burglary can be a high impact crime.  She added: "Victims can feel violated by the experience and their sense of security severely shaken. "It is critical victims have confidence that the crimes they report are investigated and offenders do not feel they can commit these offences with impunity." In 2021, the Institute for Government thinktank found crime fell during the first Covid lockdown but from June 2020 - when crime rates started rising again - the police had to balance new welfare responsibilities taken on during the pandemic with everyday policing.   It said many officers worked overtime and reported fatigue as a result, but despite this, retention and recruitment have improved. The thinktank also said the Government was on track to hit its recruitment target of 20,000 more officers by 2023. 