The bathroom is a space that works hard at catering to busy morning schedules and more chilled evenings where you might find yourself winding down after a long day at work. However, nothing impacts their therapeutic ambiance quite like colour. As with all rooms, bathrooms enjoy ever-changing trends and colour crazes – from the vast allure of soft grey to powder blue's natural hues. But what are the bathroom colours to avoid? Colour experts have recently shared how peach colours could negatively impact this space. Positive and peppy as peach may be, this warm, pastel paint colour has no place in the bathroom and is not the one for creating a serene and tranquil oasis – instead, making you want to spend less time in there. Luxury bathroom experts at Drench shared how peach is one of the least searched-for colours on the website. Proving that although this may be a popular choice for other areas of the home due to its upbeat vibes, it's not the bathroom paint colour homeowners should be investing in. Helen Shaw, director at paint company Benjamin Moore also also lists peach as a no-go for a bathroom, amongst others. READ MORE: DIY dad saves over £8,000 renovating family bathroom - pictures She said: “Colours to discount in the bathroom include muddy browns or golds, and vibrant reds and peachy orange. “This is because they have connotations with dirt, mould and mildew and can dampen your mood. Helen also explained that some are “exciting, over-stimulating colours, and therefore less likely to provide a calming environment.” Karen Haller is an expert in behavioural colour and design psychology, and she agrees with Helen, stating that peach and orange rooms will naturally be more invigorating. She said: “In colour psychology, orange is known for its joyful, fun qualities.” DON'T MISS: What to ‘never’ do with a paddling pool if you want to protect lawns [TIPS]Garden plants that pose a ‘high risk’ and devalue a house by 15%  [INSIGHT]‘Essential’ tips to preserve supermarket basil - ‘thrives for months’ [EXPERT] So although not a write off around the home generally, keep zesty brights like peach and orange out of spaces where a calm environment is key to design success. Lee Chambers, a Psychologist and Wellbeing Consultant also agreed that browns should never be used in bathrooms and also suggested avoiding olive greens. He said: “Our bathrooms are often smaller rooms, with a focus on cleaning and grooming ourselves. “Due to the size of most bathrooms, we want the room to be bright and welcoming. “Two colours that go against the grain in the bathroom are olive greens and golden browns.” But why does he urge against these bathroom paint ideas? Lee explained: “Neither of these colours are bright and welcoming, and more importantly, they both represent the colours of dirt, germs, and mould that we are looking to avoid as we walk into the room to leave feeling fresh and clean.” Plus, alongside their association to uncleanliness, Lee suggests olive and golden brown will make the room feel smaller – and therefore less optimistic. He added: “These colours can really dampen the mood, darken the corners, and leave you feeling invigorated and uninspired before you've started running the water. “They will make the space feel smaller, create that enclosed perspective where we struggle to see the opportunities and positive things that wait around the corner.” Colour consultant and therapist Suzy Chiazzari also shared her bathroom ideas, adding that olive and “any dark colour” would have a negative effect on skin tone that will make you appear “dull and lifeless”. While you may now know what colour to never paint bathrooms, it is only natural to wonder which shades science suggests trying instead. Lick’s Head Colour Specialist, Natasha Bradley, recommends turning away from olive and instead looks to a paler green and blues – to provide a fresh, calming vibe to the room. She said: “You want to create a space that is light and revitalising while you shower and also invites you in for a bath at the end of the day.”