Queen Letizia and Jill Biden were pictured in sunny Segovia today, attending the NATO summit taking place between June 28 and June 30. The Spanish Queen looked chic in a vintage mid-length dress from Laura Bernal. It was lavender with large white polka dots all over the bodice and skirt. The number featured a high collar and lapels. The monarch's tiny waist was cinched in with a belt fixed to the dress. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu dazzles in £30k worth of Tiffany at Wimbledon She accessorised the pastel dress with a pair of white espadrilles that fastened with a ribbon at the ankle. These summer sandals, from Macarena Shoes, accentuated her toned and slim legs. As for jewellery, Letizia opted for subtle silver and pearl drop earrings, reportedly from Tous Jewellery. Naturally, she also donned her favourite ring - the "Signature Ring" by Karran Hallam. This piece of jewellery - retailed between £94-£940 depending on size and material - has become totally synonymous with the Spanish monarch. It is rare that she is spotted without it. Letizia let her dress do the talking and opted for casual hair and makeup, a loose do with middle part and a pale pink lip. She also went for a bronze eyeshadow look. READ MORE: Meghan Markle & Sophie Wessex match in red 10 years apart - pictures As for Jill Biden, the First Lady wore a very similar pair of espadrilles to her companion. But rather than white, the front of the shoe is a peach tone, and the heels are a lot lower. She opted for a white knee-length dress, unveiling her fabulous legs, with an array of brightly coloured flowers. These were pink, blue and yellow, as well as green leaves all over the dress. The dress also had quarter-length sleeves. First Lady Jill opted for a white clutch with a candy floss pink fluffy feature. She opted for a cluster of gold and pearl bangles on one wrist, and a gold watch on the other. She wore her blonde hair down in loose curls. As for makeup, she went for a bright pink lip. With potential highs of 33 degrees today, it's no wonder Jill also opted for a pair of chic black gold-rimmed sunglasses for today's outing in Spain.