Arsenal are confident of agreeing a deal for Gabriel Jesus after tabling their opening offer for the Manchester City centre-forward, who is their top striker target. The Gunners' transfer window has finally exploded into life and after weeks of intense speculation, a bid has now arrived on the doorstep of the Premier League champions for the Brazilian international.  Jesus is a player Mikel Arteta knows well from his time working as Pep Guardiola's No 2 at Manchester City. Together with Edu, the Spaniard has agreed that Jesus is the man deemed capable of transforming Arsenal's attack following the departures of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette. As per The Times, Arsenal have now submitted a formal offer for Jesus and a deal is now nearing completion. The Gunners, however, are expected to raise their offer before striking an agreement with City for the 25-year-old, who looks set to lead the line for Brazil at November's World Cup in Qatar. READ MORE: Arsenal agree on 'top two transfer targets' with new contacts over second deal anticipated  Arsenal have now submitted a formal offer for Jesus and a deal is now nearing completion. The Gunners, however, are expected to raise their offer before striking an agreement with City for the 25-year-old, who looks set to lead the line for Brazil at November's World Cup in Qatar. Jesus' representatives have been in extensive discussions with Arsenal over a move in the past few months and he is still thought to be open to joining despite their failure to secure Champions League football. City's capture of Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund is thought to have spelt the end of his time at the Etihad Stadium, where Jesus has won four Premier League titles under Guardiola. Jesus' representatives have been in extensive discussions with Arsenal over a move in the past few months and he is still thought to be open to joining despite their failure to secure Champions League football. City's capture of Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund is thought to have spelt the end of his time at the Etihad Stadium, where Jesus has won four Premier League titles under Guardiola. He netted eight goals and registered eight assists in the top-flight this season and now he looks set to become Arsenal's main man in attack. Chelsea and Tottenham have also been offered the chance to sign Jesus, a player that remains of interest to both London clubs. Yet Arsenal are seemingly not prepared to wait around and risk the prospect of losing their target to a fellow rival. DON'T MISSArsenal 'on course' to complete transfer after Tottenham strike Yves Bissouma agreementArsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject after cut-throat Xavi callMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League striker Jesus can also play in multiple roles across the frontline having also operated from both the left and right this season for City. His tactical versatility and experience  him the ideal acquisition for Arsenal as they looked to up the ante following Tottenham's impressive start to the summer transfer window.City are looking to cash in on Jesus as he prepares to enter the final 12 months of his contract at the Etihad Stadium.Guardiola has previously declared that he deserves to play more regularly, which is why he will not stand in Jesus' way as he prepares to embark on a new venture elsewhere. Arsenal have also wrapped up other signings in the form of Marquinhos and goalkeeper Matt Turner. Both will join up with Arteta's squad for pre-season as they look to force their way into first-team reckoning. Youri Tielemans is also very much still on the agenda for Arsenal, who are confident their failure to finish in the top-four will not hamper their chances of landing the Belgian. Tottenham's signing of Yves Bissouma means Arsenal are facing less competition for Tielemans and a deal is there to be struck should they wish to satisfy Leicester's valuation of the midfielder.