The Archbishop presented the Canterbury Cross to Her Majesty today during an audience at Windsor Castle. He said the medal was given in recognition and gratitude for her “unstinting support of the Church throughout her reign” and to mark her Platinum Jubilee. The news comes as the Church and the Royals align against the Government's plan to process asylum seekers' claims in Rwanda. The Cross is presented by the Archbishop of Canterbury for Service to the Church of England. It is made of silver, however a specially cast version was made for Her Majesty that includes platinum inserts in honour of the Platinum Jubilee. The citation for the Cross was presented to Her Majesty as a framed piece of calligraphy with a message from Archbishop Justin Welby. He wrote: “Throughout her reign, Her Majesty has duly upheld both the Christian religion and the Church of England in her roles as Defender of the Faith and Supreme Governor of the Church of England.  “Whether in the formality of opening sessions of General Synod or the more intimate context of her personal addresses to the nation and Commonwealth at Christmas, Her Majesty has made manifest her own deep faith and its relevance to all that she undertakes. “Her subtle understanding of the changing position of the Established Church in England has sustained and encouraged laity and clergy alike. Her care for the unity of her people and the welfare of the least fortunate have been a constant inspiration to the whole Church. Hers is an example of the Christian life well led. “This presentation of the Canterbury Cross is a heartfelt symbol of the love, loyalty and affection in which the Church of England holds Her Majesty and it represents the recognition and gratitude of her whole Church for her seventy years of unstinting service. God Save The Queen!” READ MORE: Triple lock pension lifeline as Boris vows to push ahead with big rise  As Supreme Governor of the Church of England and Defender of the Faith, Her Majesty has regularly opened sessions of the General Synod of the Church of England. The Canterbury Cross is designed after a Saxon Brooch, dated to approximately 850 AD, which was found in Canterbury in the 19th century. The three-cornered knots on each of its four arms symbolise the Christian Trinity. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Zelensky hits jackpot with new fighter jet deal [LIVE]Tory MPs boycott by-election over 'anti-Brexit' candidate [REPORT]Patient wins fight to have long covid symptoms treated as a disability [INSIGHT]  The tips of the arms suggest a single circle, which gives the medal the effect of a round wheel. The calligraphic citation for the award was produced by Margot Riordan-Eva, Lambeth Palace’s Calligrapher, who was instructed in the art by Benedictine nuns. The Cross is presented each year to a small amount of recipients who have shown outstanding service to the Church as a part of the annual Lambeth Awards. 