The sensors are to be placed in on-street pay and display parking bays in parts of Norfolk in a trial to establish how long vehicles are left in them. But the council has defended the measures, insisting they are not to monitor drivers overstaying. Norfolk County Council is planning to pilot the use of the devices in parts of Great Yarmouth. They say the £20,000 sensors will be used to monitor turnover of vehicles in specific parking bays, as well as the length of stay. The sensors would be linked up to the county council's own monitoring network, which allows data to be quickly shared and checked. The council says the findings could be used to help make decisions over future charges, reported the Eastern Daily Press. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel A county council spokesman said: "In the trial, sensors would not be used to capture vehicle or personal details, nor for enforcement purposes. "The sensors will simply be used to detect motion and movements, and capture data on the dwell time and turnover of vehicles in a particular location. "This data will be used to shape evidence-based policy and practical schemes. "For example, data gathered could help inform us whether there is enough turnover of parking on a high street to allow customers regular, easy access to local businesses.” DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING] They added: "Alternatively it could show that the spaces were being taken up for longer periods of time." It comes as elderly drivers should not be penalised for being unable to use parking apps only available on a smartphone, an expert has claimed. Many car parks have adopted parking apps that allow drivers to conveniently pay for their parking on their smartphones. However, in some cases, this is now the only way to pay. And, without the option to pay with cash, many elderly motorists without the ability to use the apps risk receiving hefty fines. The measures have now sparked a national debate on whether older drivers should be forced to use parking apps, or if they should have the option to use cash instead in order to avoid the fines. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, has claimed that elderly drivers should not be penalised for their inability to use the apps. Mr Fulthorpe exclusively told Express.co.uk: "The advancement we have seen with technology has certainly made some of the arduous and boring tasks that much easier, parking being one of them. “For me personally, parking apps have been a blessing, but not everyone is a fan. “Elderly drivers who were happy with the way things were should not be penalised for not owning or being able to operate smartphones to pay for their parking, the tried and tested methods of entering your money into the meter should still remain to give access to parking to all." The debate has been going on for a while now. It started when pensioners in Kent became furious with their council’s move to an app-only system for parking. Drivers do have the additional option to phone up to pay, but some are frustrated that they are being forced to embrace the new technology.