Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips has been told he can reach another level under Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola if he makes the move to the Etihad this summer. The England star has been linked with both Manchester clubs, but his preference is to join the Premier League champions if he does leave Leeds. Former Leeds midfielder John Giles believes that Phillips will be told to express himself more at Manchester City, and expects his game to reach a new level. He told Off The Ball: “They talk about him [Phillips] being a defensive midfield player, I think he could do a lot more with the ability that he has. “I don’t think he has been asked to do it, I think his distribution is very good. When I see him hitting the long pass he is well able to do it with both feet, but I always get the impression that at Leeds he is a defensive midfield player and there is not any more expected of him. “Whereas maybe going to City if he does go Pep Guardiola will say ‘I expect more from you on the ball’, and I would as well. If I was his manager I would say to him ‘Look, you have the ability you have got to express yourself more, you have got to dominate more’, he has the ability to do it, but I don’t think he is being asked to do it at United.” Leeds' position in the transfer market was strengthened following their survival on the final day of the Premier League, as Phillips and Raphinha were expected to leave if they were relegated and the club would have received a lower transfer fee than if they move on after the club's safety was secured. Manchester City will be looking for a midfielder as club captain Fernandinho has confirmed he will be leaving the club, and Ilkay Gundogan has also been linked with a move away from the Etihad Stadium. West Ham’s Declan Rice has been linked to City alongside Phillips, who does have a preference to join Manchester City over their local rivals. Guardiola’s side have previously been urged by former goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer to move for Phillips. “I think it’s a logical player linked. It’s the sort of player Manchester City would want to go for.” The former Chelsea stopper told Sky Sports. “He’s British, he is an up and coming talent and he has proven himself at international level. "I thought he had a fantastic Euros, this season obviously has been hampered a little bit by injury but I think he would be a player that would easily fit in with Manchester City."