Tensions on the Korean peninsula are rising after South Korea and the US' test launches this week. They fired eight surface-to-surface missiles into the sea in response to North Korea’s launch of a similar number of ballistic missiles the previous day. South Korea’s president, Yoon Suk-yeol, has vowed to be less forgiving with North Korean counterpart Kim Jong-un. Today, Mr Yoon said the North’s nuclear and ballistic missile programmes had reached a level where they “threatened regional and world peace”, and promised a “firm and stern response” to any future provocations. North Korea's missile testing has caused concerns for years, but in 2018, it emerged that one of Pyongyang's tests didn't go to plan. Washington said at the time a North Korean missile crashed into one of its own cities following a critical failure just minutes following its launch. The Hwasong-12 intermediate-range ballistic missile was initially thought to have malfunctioned mid-flight after it was fired in 2017. The warhead reportedly landed in Tokchon, around 90 miles north of the secretive communist country’s capital, with a population of about 200,000. After its launch from the Pukchang airfield, the missile flew approximately 24 miles to the northeast, the report stated. It flew no higher than around 43 miles. Then Japanese Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, said: “It is not an exaggeration to say that the security environment surrounding Japan is at its severest since World War 2. “By raising pressure on North Korea, together with the international community, I intend to do my utmost to solve North Korea’s nuclear, missiles and abduction issues.” US President at the time, Donald Trump, also tweeted: “North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un just stated that the ‘Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times’. “Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger and more powerful one than his, and my Button works!” North Korea is estimated to have an arsenal of approximately 30 to 40 nuclear weapons and sufficient production of fissile material for six to seven nuclear weapons per year. READ MORE: North Korea horror as China to BLOCK missile sanctions This week's missile test is the 18th to take place in the country this year. Its recent testing provoked a US resolution in the UN Security Council calling for more sanctions. But Russia and China vetoed the sanctions, meaning Pyongyang didn't face further economic penalties. Talks between the US and North Korea have made no progress since 2019 - the US wants signs of disarmament, but North Korea won't entertain the idea unless sanctions are eased. Some experts believe that the Russian invasion of Ukraine has been seen in North Korea as a perfect opportunity to accelerate its nuclear weapons development. North Korea expert Dr Sojin Lim, warned earlier this month that North Korea could be emboldened and accelerate its nuclear weapons programme. Ankit Panda, a senior fellow in the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. told CNN: “There are some interesting, perhaps unintended consequences for the Western response against Russia in particular, which is that a Russia that has been completely isolated from the global economy and put under tremendous sanctions pressure. DON'T MISS 'China set to force North Korea to trigger its war on the world' [INSIGHT] Reports of North Korean nuclear test during Biden’s Asia trip [ANALYSIS] DPRK set to test ballistic missile days before Biden's Asia trip [INSIGHT] “I think it has very few incentives to enforce sanctions against North Korea. “It's quite clear that China and Russia will block additional sanctions and frankly it's not quite clear, what else can you possibly sanction.” North Korea expert Dr Sojin Lim also told Metro.co.uk: “For Kim Jong-un, his nuclear programme is the only strategy for survival and for him it has now become even more critical. “Russia’s war in Ukraine doesn’t seem to be a good influence for North Korea, from our point of view. “It’s confirmed the partnership between Western forces and the weakness of Russian military compared to its own image. “Because of that, it became clear to North Korea that nuclear weapons are the only way they can compete.”