Elizabeth II has pulled out of the final day of her beloved horseracing bonanza, meaning she has missed the entire event for the first time in 70 years. The annual spectacle is famously one of the favourite occasions in her diary, with Her Majesty traditionally attending every one of its five days.  The monarch has been experiencing episodic mobility issues since last autumn, which have forced her to pull out of a number of visits outside her residence. In lieu of her absence, the sovereign sent a video message, and was represented by her son and heir Prince Charles. On Monday, she missed the service of the Order of the Garter at St George's Chapel in Windsor, but was at the investiture in the Windsor Castle Throne Room held a few hours prior. Earlier this year, the Queen was once again represented by her son in March, when she missed the Commonwealth Day service.  Two months later, Prince Charles delivered for the first time the Queen's Speech during the State Opening of Parliament. The Queen also could not attend in person the evening reception at COP26 in Glasgow last November. Similarly, due to a sprained back, she missed the national service of remembrance at the Cenotaph a few days later. The Queen did step out on three occasions during the extended Platinum Jubilee bank holiday earlier this month.  READ MORE: Mike Tindall branded Prince Harry a 'b*****d' at Palace party The monarch was last seen in public on June 5, when she was accompanied on the balcony of Buckingham Palace by her three heirs - Prince George, Prince William and Prince Charles - the Duchesses of Cornwall and Cambridge and Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Queen has been seen using a walking stick to aid her during public appearances, with the Palace even switching out her cars earlier this year to cater for her mobility problems. It comes as revellers at the Royal Ascot faced extreme weather yesterday, with temperatures soaring above 30C°. Ascot Racecourse, famous for its tight formal dress code, relaxed its rules ahead of the arrival of guests. DON'T MISS:SNP independence bid ‘imploding’ as Sturgeon launched fresh push [INSIGHT]Brexit disagreements over NI protocol could prove fatal, warns Rigby  [COMMENT]Mum's anger as council orders her out of home with two days' notice [OPINION]  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge led members of the Firm at Ascot Racecourse yesterday as they took a seat in the first carriage part of the royal procession. Alongside Kate and Will, Prince Charles and Camilla, Princess Beatrice, Sophie Wessex, and other members of the Royal Family have attended the event. Fans were speculating online as to whether Her Majesty would make an appearance at the prominent event.  