Volodymyr Zelensky hailed a number of "successful" counter-offensives during his regular video address on Monday, June 13, according to local media translated into English. The Ukrainian leader added that after 110 days of war with Russia, Ukraine’s Armed Forces have liberated Zhytomyr, Kyiv, Chernihiv and Sumy Oblasts as well as part of Kharkiv Oblast. He claimed that more than 1,000 towns and villages have been liberated from Russia's occupation. Mr Zelensky is quoted by media outlet New Voice of Ukraine as saying: "The occupiers’ advance in southern Ukraine has been stopped. "They still want to make Mykolaiv, Zaporizhzhya, and the towns of the Dnipro region into ruins. They still have the power to shell Zelenodolsk and Huliapole with artillery. "Odesa is still a target for [the] Russian fleet. But we managed to block dozens of attempts to advance by the Russian army in the south."  He added that a Ukrainian counter-offensive saw Kyiv liberate "some communities" in the Kherson region. Serhiy Khlan, an adviser to the head of the southern, mainly Russian-occupied, Kherson province, said Ukraine was having tactical success retaking territory there for a second straight week. Mr Zelensky went on to state that Ukraine would go on to recapture all the towns and villages occupied by the Russians and all of the country would be liberated. Meanwhile, Ukrainian daily Kyiv Post reported on Tuesday (June 14) that Ukrainian forces have not been encircled in the city of Sievierodonetsk, which has seen some of the fiercest fighting and drawn parallels with the formerly besieged city of Mariupol.  READ MORE ABOUT A GIRL, 13, WAVING A KNIFE DURING A FIGHT The Ukrainian military said in its daily round-up of the conflict on Tuesday that Russian troops are "trying to gain a foothold" in the centre of Sievierodonetsk. It also said that Russian forces in the eastern Donbas region were "creating conditions" for offensives on Sloviansk, Lyman, Yampil and Siversk which are all to the west of Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk. Luhansk governor Serhiy Gaidai said: "The shelling is so powerful that people can no longer stand it in the shelters. Their psychological state is on edge. In the last few days residents are finally ready to go, without further ado." He added that about 500 civilians are still sheltering on the grounds of the Azot chemical plant, including 40 children.  DON'T MISS: Sidelined Prince Andrew has 'no chance of redemption' [LATEST] Princess Anne's son joins Camilla and Charles in Ascot carriage ride [REVEALED] Prince Andrew's plans to use Falklands War events for royal return [REPORT] Kyiv Post also claimed that Moscow continues to deploy "insufficiently prepared" volunteer and reserve forces to shore up its military operations in Ukraine. A third Ukrainian media outlet, Hromadske Radio, reported on Tuesday that a Russian helicopter has also been shot down in the Kherson region. It cited Ukraine's Operational Command South which reportedly said the Ukrainian military shot down the Russian chopper near Nikolaevka. Command units also killed 16 Russian servicemen, destroyed one tank and a number of vehicles, some of which were armoured, according to the report.  Express.co.uk has been unable to independently verify the claims. Meanwhile, Russia's TASS news agency has reported that at least five people were killed on Monday in the Russian-backed separatist region of Donetsk. The Ministry of Defence, in its daily update on the war, said on Tuesday that Russia's main focus operationally is the assault against Sievierodonetsk while Russian forces have "likely" made small advances in the Kharkiv sector for the first time in several weeks. It added that Russian defence spending will increase by £8.5 billion to £10bn (600 to 700 roubles), citing comments made by the First Deputy Chairman of Russia's Military Industrial Commission on Friday. This would represent a 20 percent increase in the country's defence budget, according to Defence Intelligence.  The update continued: "Russian government funding is allowing the country's defence industrial base to be slowly mobilised to meet demands placed on it by the war in Ukraine. "However, the industry could struggle to meet many of the these requirements, partially due to the effects of sanctions and lack of expertise. "Russia's production of high-quality optics and advanced electronics likely remain troubled and could undermine its efforts to replace equipment lost in Ukraine." Mr Zelensky said at an online press briefing organised by Danish publishing house Berlingske Media that Ukraine's military has enough ammo and weapons, but needs more long range weapons. He said: "We have enough weapons. What we don't have enough of are the weapons that really [hit] the range that we need to reduce the advantage of the Russian Federation's equipment." 