After some serious grilling, you just want to sit down and enjoy your food and company - not clean the BBQ. But you must give it a good scrub after every use; not only does this help your grill last longer, but it also means you can go on enjoying tasty BBQ food the next weekend. Express.co.uk spoke to Andrew Lovell Product Manager at LANDMANN about the best ways to clean a BBQ. Andrew explained: “First things first, you should never attempt to clean a BBQ when it is cool instead strike whilst the irons are hot - literally. “First, ensure it is safe for you to do so (meaning you aren't going to burn your hands). “Wipe away the mess with a damp cloth straight after you grill whilst it is still warm - but not hot enough to burn you.” READ MORE: Cleaning tips: Get 'amazing streak-free’ glass using 2 everyday items Andrew said: “As mentioned above, start when the BBQ is warm and cover the grill with well soaked newspaper. “Now simply close the lid and leave for an hour for it to work its magic. “Whilst you are tidying the garden or entertaining friends the wet newspaper will steam the grease away making it easy to wipe clean.” “You may think that your usual washing up scrubbing brush that you use on your pots and pans will do the job, but that won't get all the remnants of your BBQ off your grill,” the LANMANN expert said. “Instead invest in a quality grill cleaning brush that will leave your BBQ gleaming. “LANDMANN’s 12 inch T-brush for £8.99 is perfect for the job - use with hot soapy water for a pristine BBQ and easy cleaning.” DON'T MISS...Hair removal: Painless ‘magic’ beauty tool for ‘silky smooth skin’ [REACTION]Queen doesn’t have strawberry jam on her scones - royal chef says [VIDEO]How to save money: Eat out in restaurants but pay less with top tips [GUIDE] “Making sure you use a good cleaning spray is essential when cleaning the BBQ properly,” Andrew commented. “If you are struggling to find a brand you like or don't want to spend too much money, a 50/50 water and white vinegar mix will do the trick and have your grill gleaming. “For those stuck-on grease and stubborn grime stains that you just can't seem to shift with your normal BBQ cleaning routine try this handy solution. “Simply mix bicarbonate of soda with a little water and put it on stubborn marks. Then get scrubbing with a good cleaning brush.” You can also use an onion - “making sure your grill is still warm attach half an onion to a fork or tong and run it over the grill - cut side down. “The water in the onion helps to steam the grime away leaving you with a glistening grill with minimal effort.” Or perhaps you’ve got ground coffee lying around? “Put your ground up coffee to better use by using it to soak your grill and utensils," Andrew suggested. “Add a few tablespoons to warm soapy water and watch as the acid in the coffee loosens caked-on grease and dirt, making it easier to wipe away.” “A common problem is to open up your BBQ after the winter to discover rust on your grill,” Andrew said. “But all is not lost, simply soak the grill in a mixture of salt and vinegar overnight and then wipe clean. “Your grill will be looking good as new in no time.” “Contrary to cleaning the rest of the grill you should wait until the charcoal is completely cool before trying to throw it away,” Andrew commented. “But you should still move quickly emptying the ash as soon as it is chilled. “Then simply wipe clean with a little damp kitchen roll.”