Al (played by Michael Wildman) was thought to have turned over a new leaf in recent episodes of Emmerdale as his relationship with Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) seemed quite stable and he was doing a legitimate business deal with Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper). Unfortunately, the villain's good nature didn't last too long as he has started meeting up with Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) in private and the pair have shared quite a few kisses. However, a scene from Thursday night's episode of the ITV soap seemed to suggest a way in which the character will finally be killed off. The events began to unfold as Al was desperate to spend some more time with Chas, who had called an end to their romance earlier this week. When her mother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter), took a turn and collapsed, the Woolpack bar manager was enjoying flirting with the villain. She has felt guilty ever since she was distracted by the businessman and therefore, she has decided to cut her ties with him. His persistence put her in a foul mood in the latest episode of the weeknight serial drama as the two characters butted heads. Their alteration was witnessed by Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins), who soon interrogated Chas about what was going on between her and the villain. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition Towards the end of the episode, Charity said: "Going to tell what all that was about, then?" to which Chas replied: "Somedays it gets too much." "Just talking about Faith are we?" Charity asked, with her cousin stating: "I just want to shake Cain and snap him out of it. "She won't be here long," Chas added, with Charity coming to her former lover's defence by saying: "He does what he wants, doesn't he?" "And he leaves me to do all the heavy lifting," Faith's daughter remarked with Charity going on to ask what was going on between her and Al. "Well, I saw you together. Don't pretend as if nothing is going on," she commented as the bar manager tried to seem as placid as possible. "What did you see?" she asked, with the owner of the Woolpack stating: "Enough, rowing in the street. Looked like you were about to deck the idiot." "Oh that, yes, he likes to wind me up. Thinks he is funny," Chas replied, with Charity telling her not to let Al get to her. "Listen, just say the word and I'm happy to take him down a peg or two," the owner of the pub remarked but her cousin went even further. "No, the best way with him is to just ignore him. Starve him of oxygen and hope he dies off," she said, with seemingly no meaning behind the comment. However, this could be a huge hint about what could happen to Al if he were to get on the wrong side of his forbidden lover. DON'T MISS...Nicola Wheeler health: Emmerdale star opens up about operation [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb laments 'crying, screaming and arguing' kids [COMMENT]Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS] Taking to Twitter, viewers of the show reacted to Chas' words, stating it could be a very probable way Al could end up dead. Bnm Planet wrote on the social media platform: "Starve Al of oxygen he will die. Why do I think you will give a kiss of life to survive? #emmerdale." Michelle added: "If anyone kills Al I'll give you a cookie #Emmerdale." Whilst Wini shared: "Why can’t women resist Al?! They know he is bad news, but they still cave in #Emmerdale," hinting Chas could finally be the woman to take him down. Vanity Pending commented: "He wouldn’t be missed," so could they have worked out this is going to be the end for the villain? Al has been a part of the show for three years, having arrived in the village in 2019 as the former lover of Jessie Dingle (Sandra Marvin). As well as ending Jessie's marriage to Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock), he also ruined his relationship with Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade). Despite being engaged to the businesswoman, he ended up having an affair with Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb) and he's had a fascination with the family ever since. He's tried flirting with Charity and Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) in the past but they don't seem to have been put under his spell. Kerry has fallen hook, line and sinker for the businessman but will she discover the affair before Chas has a chance to kill her forbidden lover? It seems fans are not impressed with the affair storyline so far as they've called for it to be brought to an end as soon as possible. Viewer 29JHall wrote on Twitter: "This Chas/Al affair storyline is getting a little boring now #Emmerdale." Paddy1094 added on the social media platform: "Chas and Al are a borefest together. #Emmerdale," referring to the fact the storyline seems to have been teased for over a year. Helz2011 shared: "I actually can't be bothered with this Chas and Al stuff, same old, same old! #emmerdale." So could a death in the storyline be the twist viewers have been waiting for? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.