Motorists across the UK have had to put up with the ever-increasing petrol and diesel prices for over a year now, with diesel car owners being hit the most. On top of that, many diesel drivers have been left anxious about the ICE ban coming in 2030. According to the latest RAC Fuel Watch, the average price for a litre of unleaded now stands at 189.84p. And, for the first time in a while, the price is expected to fall. The same cannot be said about diesel. There is now nearly a 10p disparity between the cost of petrol and the cost of diesel. READ MORE: Ford to debut its ‘Very Gay Raptor' at Goodwood Festival of Speed As of today, drivers can expect to pay 198.00p for a litre of diesel with the cost still expected to rise. The Government is also looking to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2030, with a similar ban affecting hybrid vehicles coming in 2035. The 2030 sales ban will not affect second-hand cars, with petrol and diesel cars still being able to change hands on the used market after the cut-off date in 2030. The Government is making these changes to ensure it reaches its goal of being net-zero by 2050, one of the most ambitious emissions projects in the world. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of huge congestions during Goodwood Speed Festival [REVEAL] Goodwood Festival of Speed will promote switch to EVs with new feature [INSIGHT] Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption [ADVICE] Olly Jones, the co-founder at elmo, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Consumers are ditching diesel cars for several reasons. “Fuel prices rising to record levels are surely playing a factor in the immediate term. “But motorists will also be growing increasingly conscious of the ban on sales of new ICE (petrol and diesel) vehicles in 2030 which could dramatically impact the resale value of any ICE they buy in the next few years. "Add to this the fact that electric cars are now tempting people away from their usual vehicle choice.” READ MORE: Goodwood Festival of Speed returns this weekend - what to expect The expert also stressed the importance of moving to electrically-powered vehicles. Mr Jones said: “Electric cars are not only becoming more affordable, but also more capable of catering to people’s lifestyle requirements (with significantly better ranges than just a few years ago) and so encouraging people to make the switch." He added that “the future of motoring seems to be heading in one direction – electric”. Mr Jones said: “This is driven by growing consumer demand, greater choice, and affordability of electric cars. “There are now about 140 makes and models available with a further 50 coming in 2022, and incentives like lower company car tax rates and avoiding low emission zone charges. “The arrival of electric cars in the mainstream has been accompanied by the rise in prominence of the subscription providers like elmo as a flexible alternative to leasing or buying a car, with 12 percent of new car registrations predicted to go to subscription providers by 2025. “This model is well-suited for consumers nervous about switching to an electric car.”