PIP is a benefit payment which is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is designed to help those with a long-term health condition or disability with the extra costs of living and moving around which come from their specific ailment. As part of the DWP’s rules, PIP recipients must inform the department of any potential or pending changes to their situation which could affect how much they get from the Government. Among the life changes which need to be reported to the DWP include: Anyone who needs to report a change of circumstances can call the PIP enquiry line at 0800 121 4433. Calls to the Government department can be made on peoples’ behalf if they are unable to use a phone due to their disability or condition. In April, the DWP increased the rates for many of its benefit payments, including its schemes for those with a disability. Among those payments affected included PIP, Attendance Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, and Child Disability Living Allowance. This rise aligned the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation from September of last year, which means payments went up by 3.1 percent. PIP recipients were able to get more money as a result of this latest hike to benefit payments by the DWP. The disability payment, which is paid at a higher and lower weekly rate across its two components, rose by that 3.1 percent rate. As a result, the lower weekly rate was raised to £61.85 for the daily living component of the benefit and the higher rate went up to £94.40. Comparatively, PIP’s mobility component saw an increase to £24.45 for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. Hypothetically, if a claimant were to get the higher weekly rates of both components, they would receive £156.90. If the claimant were to continue receiving payments over the space of a month, they would be eligible for £627.60. Recently, the UK Government has made a conscious effort to promote the various disability benefit payments which are available to those in need. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, outlined the importance of disabled people reaching out to the DWP for support. Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.”