Netflix’s hit series The Witcher first arrived on the streaming platform in late 2019 and quickly became one of the most-watched shows on the platform, trumping the likes of period drama favourite The Crown. The show is adapted from the works of Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski, which consists of six novels and 15 short stories. Here’s a look at what the future holds for The Witcher TV series. The good news is there will be a third season of The Witcher after Netflix renewed the show in September 2021. Filming is taking place right now with a total of eight new instalments expected to be in the forthcoming run - like the previous seasons. However, there’s no release date with season three most likely coming out in 2023 with primary filming and a lengthy editing and visual effects process to follow after this. There is also plenty more from the universe with Netflix dropping the animated origin film The Witcher: Nightmare of the Wolf. Additionally, the prequel miniseries The Witcher: Blood Origin is in the works and is slated to be released in 2022. READ MORE: The Witcher: How many seasons of The Witcher will there be? Season three sees some new faces joining the cast including Robbie Amell, Hugh Skinner, Meng’er Zhang, and Christelle Elwin. Upload and Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City’s Amell will portray warrior Gallatin, who leads the guerrilla army Scoia’tael which is fighting on behalf of Nilfgaard. Gallatin is going to be clashing with the Elves, who are seeking vengeance for the murder of the first elven child in a generation. Skinner, who is best known for starring in Fleabag, The Windsors and Mamma Mia Here We Go Again!, plays Prince Radovid. He is described as a “royal playboy” as the younger brother of King Vizimir (Ed Birch), but he will soon find himself becoming the inside man of Redanian intelligence. Shang-Chi and The Legend of The Ten Rings actress Zhang takes on huntress Milva, a human adopted by the dryads of Brokilon Forest. The character is teased as being a “formidable adversary in the unforgiving Continent” and someone not to be crossed. Finally, Half Bad and Bloods actress Elwin is Mistle, a teenager in a ragtag bunch known as The Rats, who steal from the rich for their own ends. DON'T MISS...The Witcher episode 1 explained: What happened in The End's Beginning? [ANALYSIS]The Witcher episode 4 explained: What happened? [INSIGHT]The Witcher location: Where is The Witcher filmed? Where’s it set? [EXPLAINER] Fans can also expect the usual suspects to be returning with Henry Cavill back in the title role as Geralt of Rivia, Freya Allan as Ciri of Cintra and Anya Chalotra as Yennefer of Vengerberg. Other cast members anticipated to come back are Kim Bodnia as Vesemir, Paul Bullion as Lambert, and Yasen Atour as Coen. Further recurring characters will include Joey Batey as bard Jaskier, Mimi Ndiweni as Fringilla, and Eamon Farren as Cahir. Finally, there are expected to be appearances from MyAnna Buring as Tissaia, Anna Shaffer as Triss Merigold, Royce Pierreson as Istredd, Lars Mikkelsen as Stregobor, Mecia Simson as Francesca, Tom Canton as Filavandrel, Wilson Mbomio as Dara, and Mahesh Jadu as Vilgefortz. Bart Edwards will be reprising his role as chief villain Duny or rather Nilfgaardian Emperor Emhyr, Ciri’s father. Graham McTavish is like to be back as Dijkstra, Cassie Clare as Phillipa, Chris Fulton as Rience, and Aisha Fabienne Ross as Lydia. Lauren Hissrich will be back in the role of showrunner and has confirmed to GamesRadar+ Simon Callow will be returning as Codringher and Liz Carr is Fenn in the new series.  Season three will serve as an adaptation of The Witcher novel Time of Contempt. Hissrich previously told The Wrap: “There's tons of action, there's tons of things that are just jaw dropping when you get to them. “So we're really letting that lead our storytelling. Season three, for instance, takes place on a very, very small time line. Not a lot of time passes, because it doesn't need to." Netflix has released a summary for the forthcoming season, which reads: “As monarchs, mages, and beasts of the Continent compete to capture her, Geralt takes Ciri of Cintra into hiding, determined to protect his newly-reunited family against those who threaten to destroy it. “Entrusted with Ciri’s magical training, Yennefer leads them to the protected fortress of Aretuza, where she hopes to discover more about the girl’s untapped powers; instead, they discover they’ve landed in a battlefield of political corruption, dark magic, and treachery. “They must fight back, put everything on the line — or risk losing each other forever.” The Witcher seasons 1 & 2 are streaming on Netflix now