Gyles Brandreth joined Holly Willoughby, Phillip Schofield and Beverly Turner on This Morning to discuss Prince William celebrating his 40th birthday. Beverly branded William’s recent charitable stint helping a Big Issue seller as “ironic” but the Duke of Cambridge was vehemently defended by Gyles. Beverly said: “It’s a big ironic to have [Prince William] who could house all the homeless in London in Buckingham Palace alone promoting The Big Issue.” “I don’t mean that to sound anti-royalist,” she added. Holly interjected: “But he’s using his platform for something really important.” Gyles questioned: “What are you offering instead?” Read more: Janette Manrara accidentally kicks dog in head on Morning Live “I don’t know,” Beverly admitted. “I don’t do the royal PR it would take a lot longer to sit down and [think of a charity]. “But there are charities, there are cancer charities I just think it’s a really strange charity to align yourself to when you have dozens of houses.” Gyles disagreed: “I think it’s a great choice because people who sell The Big Issue have to pay for the magazine first…” Interrupting, Beverly said: “It’s a great charity don’t get me wrong.” “It’s a great charity to support and I think he’s a good guy for supporting it,” Gyles concluded. Beverly argued: “I think it’s a strange choice of charity, when we think of Prince William we think of massive houses.” “Oh come on you can’t have it both ways,” Gyles remarked. “Maybe I’ve reached peak cynicism,” he continued. “I’d rather have this than a staged photo with the family.” DON'T MISSWhere is Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain? When will she be back? [INSIGHT]Madeley shuts down claims Prince William can modernise monarchy [VIDEO]Andrew Neil claims GB News could have 'killed me'  [INTERVIEW] Interjecting, Gyles said: “Hold on you can’t have it both ways, you can’t sit there for 10 minutes and say, ‘Let’s care for individuals and the working person’ and then when someone does care for individuals criticise them just because he’s a Prince. “It’s not his fault [the way] the whole system is run and they live [in a Palace].” “Don’t get me wrong,” Beverly said. “I like Prince William. “I think him and Kate – the Royal Family are in very safe hands.” “So what’s the photograph you would have had for his 40th birthday?” Gyles asked. Put on the spot, Beverly said: “Gyles, don’t do this to me.” “I know what my wife would have liked one with him 20 years when there was hair,” Gyles joked. This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.