 Inflation, policy drift and a string of scandals, leading to parliamentary by-elections have combined to create a sense of permanent and, ultimately terminal, crisis. Last week’s vote of no confidence was another milestone towards his eventual demise, it is believed by some. Boris survived, just, but the ice on which this electoral skating champion is gliding thins further every day. Or so his detractors tell us. The view from London: Bojo has lost his mojo. Next week’s two by-elections, in Tiverton and Honiton, Devon, and Wakefield, West Yorkshire, will test that view. While the polls seem to show that it might have some validity, there is, in Wakefield in particular, a counter narrative developing: Their man is being unfairly attacked. It suggests that if there is a defeat, it might not be as catastrophic as that many in London are hoping and praying for. Wakefield gradually turned Conservative from Labour over two decades – very much below the radar. On a national scale, Tony Blair and Gordon Brown did a great deal to diminish support for their party. The Labour Party leadership’s contempt for its own voters had a great deal to do with it and was made explicit when Gordon Brown called Mrs Duffy of Rochdale a “bigot”. She had the temerity to question the Government’s policy on immigration at the time. Locally, the selection of candidates for parliament in Wakefield also played a part in this transition. In 2005, the local Labour membership choice to replace David Hinchcliffe, the popular local MP, was overruled by London. Mary Creagh, a councillor from Islington, was forced onto them. Her views reflected the deep prejudices of her metropolitan comrades and were, in most things, diametrically opposed to those of her electorate. The results were immediate: a Labour safe seat became a marginal one. Though, Mary Creagh managed to hang-on until 2019, the damn finally broke when she was washed away in the historic general election of that year. Close to 70 percent of the people of Wakefield voted to leave the European Union in 2016. She, on the other hand, was one of the most strident Remainers around. She tested the patience of her long-suffering electorate by telling them daily that she was right and they were wrong. In other words, on the topics that mattered most, Labour worked tirelessly to lose the seat. Against that, on the one defining issue of the century, Boris put his political career on the line to back Brexit during the referendum, sided full square with the people of Wakefield and got “Brexit done” (in a manner of speaking). Partygate is too trivial in comparison. Indeed, “Partygate”, as was confirmed by recent local elections results outside of London, is met with a shrug, whether in relatively affluent Ossett or in the more challenging parts of the constituency such as Lupset, Peacock and Eastmoor. “We all broke the rules though, didn’t we?” is the refrain. “My wife died as Boris was sipping champagne in London” says Tony, a local, “but she would have died regardless. Can’t blame him for that.” However, the vote of no-confidence seems to have changed local attitudes. At Prop’Ur Baa, a local real ale pub, others say “they are just trying to get rid of our Boris, aren’t they?” Locally, being unhappy at politicians is as popular as Pub Quizzes. However, of all the politicians and political leaders we have had in the last 40 years, Boris is their man in a way that Keir Starmer simply will never be. Indeed, while Boris might have disappointed those with higher hopes, he is not disliked, or indeed hated, like so many of his predecessors.   In fact, he is judged as a friend, who might have caused some embarrassment for drinking too much and singing out of tune at a wedding reception – but a friend nonetheless. Few would want to have a pint with Keir; all would love one with Boris. The daily vitriol poured onto Boris is a London-centric minority sport, played by those who have never forgiven him for betraying their caste when he won the referendum for Leave and had the temerity of seeing the process through. As Nadeem Ahmed, the tireless Conservative Candidate, for whom this is the equivalent of a title-shot, said: “It’s not like what people are saying in the press, there is no negativity on the ground.” Finally, few in Wakefield believe that political leaders are saints. For this by-election, the Wakefield electorate might believe that Boris deserves a slap on the hand. But as the Labour Party locally recognises if Labour wins in Wakefield next week, they know that it will be an almighty difficult seat to retain next time. However, if Boris wanted to confound the naysayers and get a real shot of positivity in the arm, he could do worse than to knock on doors across Wakefield, in Lupset, Portobello, Eastmoor and Peacock Estate. He would soon realise that Bojo’s Mojo is still, thankfully, very much a thing.    