Gary Lineker has described Erling Haaland's move to Manchester City as a "seminal moment" for the Premier League. The former England striker explained he believes the transfer is a monumental milestone for English football's top-flight as it is "the first time a young superstar, sought by all" has snubbed Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona in favour of the Premier League.  City beat all manner of top teams from across Europe to the signing of Haaland after triggering his £51million Borussia Dortmund release clause back in May. The Premier League champions then officially unveiled the highly sought-after Norwegian hitman on Monday. Following the announcement, Lineker took to Twitter in an attempt to quantify the magnitude of City's coup. The Match of the Day host declared he felt City's achievement of luring one of the game's most in-demand young talents from under the noses of La Liga behemoths Real Madrid and Barcelona is a landmark moment in Premier League history. Lineker tweeted: "The signing of @ErlingHaaland to @ManCity is done. A seminal moment for the Premier League. The first time a young superstar, sought by all, has come to an English club over the Spanish giants. Pogba being a few years older when he signed for United." JUST IN: Liverpool to 'agree terms' with second star as Reds look to build on Darwin Nunez capture  Pogba was 23 years old when he completed a stunning £89m return to Manchester United from Juventus in the summer of 2016, while Haaland is just 21 years of age. In theory, despite having scored 135 goals in 182 appearances during his club career so far, in addition to 20 strikes in 21 caps for Norway, the forward's best years are expected to be ahead of him. Opening up on his decision to snub the likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona in favour of City, Haaland highlighted two key factors in addition to the influence of his father Alf-Inge, who himself represented the Manchester-based club in the early 2000s. City's newest recruit revealed: "First of all, my father a little bit. "I was born in England, I've been a City fan my whole life, I know a lot about the club. I think in the end, two things; I feel at home a bit here. Also I think I can develop and get the best out of my game at City. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte 'in talks' for £8.5m bargain he can't pass up onMan City boss Guardiola has 'secret pact' with Bernardo Silva amid Barcelona interestTottenham 'in advanced negotiations' to sign Everton ace Richarlison  "He (Alf-Inge) lived in England, he played for the club. Of course, a lot of things have changed in the last 20 years but he lived here, so he knows what it is. "We've just been speaking about basically how it is, what's the best for me, what's this, what's that, and to try and find out everything. He's been a good dad in that thing there."  