Emily Bennett shared a video of herself and her mother attending what they thought was a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert. But upon arrival, Bennett and her mum realised the concert was for the Red Hot Chilli Pipers - a Celtic rock band from Scotland. Despite the mother and her daughter realizing they were at the wrong concert, they still attended. "It was actually a great time," Bennett wrote in her video caption. Emily Bennett's video went viral with more than 2 million views, as her followers found it amusing that they got it wrong and began posting and sharing across the web. "Not a bad side quest to stumble upon," one TikTok user said. "Forget Californication this is Scotlandication," another commenter said. Her followers quickly used Bennett's mom's mistake to create new band names, with some contenders including Greene Daye, Panic Near the Disco, Wrong Direction, and My Chemical Dependence.   The Red Hot Chilli Pipers rose to fame in 2007 after winning the BBC talent show When Will I Be Famous? The Celtic rock band performs covers of popular songs using bagpipes as the front instrument. And no, they do not just cover Red Hot Chili Pepper songs. It seems that every few months somebody on Twitter reveals they too almost accidentally bought tickets to the wrong band. But to fans of the Chilli Pipers, it's no mistake to stumble to their performance and it seems Bennett and their mom learned that too.   READ MORE: Man Utd 'ready Robert Lewandowski transfer bid' if £20m Barcelona move collapses    Bennett and her mother are not the first to make the mistake of buying a ticket to the Red Hot Chilli Pipers. In a 2018 New Yorker article, a writer takes the audience through a night at the Red Hot Chilli Piper's concert after her husband mistakenly bought tickets. Red Hot Chilli Pipers are a Celtic Rock band from Scotland. Formed in 2002, they became popular internationally in 2007 after winning the BBC talent show '' When will I be famous ''. DON'T MISS: Hair loss: Three ‘hair-care’ habits found to be ‘responsible’ for permanent hair lossCancer: The drink that may raise your risk of cancer ‘by 70% or more’ - it’s not alcoholLewis Hamilton reacts to Azerbaijan Grand Prix investigation after Lando Norris incident   The band's first studio release The Red Hot Chilli Pipers (2005), was their least successful. Their 2007 album Bagrock to the Masses went platinum in Scotland and silver in the rest of the UK. Their third album and first live album, Blast Live (2008), went triple platinum in Scotland. Their fourth release Music for the Kilted Generation, The Red Hot Chilli Pipers' most successful International record to date, reached Number 2 on the US Amazon Chart. 5 behind Adele's record-breaking album, 21. Breathe was released in July 2013 on CD and iTunes.   