Manchester United have confirmed that Paul Pogba will leave the club when his contract expires at the end of June. Pogba re-joined United in a £89million move from Juventus in 2016 and has played 233 games for the club. United have marked the news by posting a long ode to Pogba's time at the club, with a glowing conclusion. "It was a low-key end to a United career that had brought so many individual high moments, so many beautiful goals, assists and pieces of skill," the club wrote in a statement. "But for a boy that joined the Academy at 16 to make over 200 United appearances and lift the Youth Cup, along with two major pieces of silverware - not to mention the World Cup at international level - is something that should be applauded and celebrated. “Everyone at the club would like to congratulate Paul on his successful career, and thank him for his contributions to Manchester United. We wish him all the best for the next steps on a remarkable journey.” Pogba is widely expected to move back to Juventus on a free transfer once his United contract officially expires on July 1. The 29-year-old midfielder played for Juve between 2012 and 2016 before deciding to return to United, where he spent time in the academy. JUST IN: Gareth Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy statement The France international has contributed 39 goals and 51 assists for United over the past six years. He helped the club win the League Cup and Europa League in his first season, but has endured a rollercoaster ride in the last few years. His late agent, Mino Raiola, offered his client to Manchester City in January 2018 and claimed his United career was "over" in 2020 amid further tensions behind the scenes. Pogba has been a peripheral figure under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick in the 2021/22 season, making just 16 starts in the Premier League – due in part to injury. DON'T MISS Manchester United open talks with Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong dealArsenal 'to complete first summer signing in next 10 days'Liverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer'  According to a recent report by Italian newspaper Tuttosport, via Football Italia, Juve and Paris Saint-Germain are both exploring the option of signing Pogba on a free transfer when his United deal expires. Juve’s directors are understood to be confident they will get their man, given their strong existing relationship with Pogba and his entourage. Juventus vice-president Pavel Nedved has reportedly been talking to Pogba to try and persuade him to return to the club. The Turin-based club are said to be happy to offer him a three-year deal worth £6.4m (€7.5m) per year.  Pogba made 178 appearances for Juventus over his four years with the club, contributing 34 goals and 40 assists. He helped win four Serie A titles, two Coppa Italia trophies and two Supercoppa titles during his first spell with the club. His barber recently hinted at a return to Turin for the midfielder. Posting on Instagram, Pogba wrote: "You know what time it is." To which AStarBarbers responded: "#pogback" with black and white emojis representing the colours of Juventus.