These two suspects were, in fact, two of the stabbing victims. They were arrested after being taken to hospital. The first incident took place yesterday in Bromley at around 2pm. A man in his 20s was found with multiple stab wounds following a callout to emergency services. He was rushed to hospital and an air ambulance was also seen overhead, according to MyLondon. No arrests have been made in relation to this incident. Later in the afternoon, police responded to reports of a double stabbing in Hackney. The Metropolitan police said in a statement: “Police were called at around 4.50pm on Friday, June 17, to a fight in Daubeney Road, E5. READ MORE: Britons on the street debate UK’s involvement in Ukraine war “Two males were taken to hospital suffering stab injuries. Neither is in a life-threatening condition. “Both males have been arrested in connection with the incident.” Following this, Hackney Police revealed the authorisation of a Section 60, granting officers increased powers to stop and search. The remaining incidents all involved teenagers. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] Two teens were rushed to hospital in the evening following a fight at Hampstead Heath. These were aged 17 and 18. Both suffered stab injuries. The Met confirmed for Express.co.uk that no arrests have been made in relation to this case. Later still, a 16-year-old was taken to hospital for treatment after he was stabbed in Crystal Palace Parade. An appeal has also been launched today, on Saturday, after a fatal stabbing in Tottenham. The victim was just 17 years old. The Met Police said: “Police were called at 12.10pm on Saturday, June 18, to reports of a male stabbed in Orchard Place, N17. Officers attended the location and administered first aid. Despite their best efforts, and those of ambulance colleagues, the 17-year-old male was pronounced dead at the scene… “An urgent investigation is under way. Two males have been arrested in connection with the incident and both have been taken into police custody.” London Mayor Sadiq Khan has suggested the cost of living crisis could lead to there being more crime in the capital. Last year, London’s teenage murder toll hit a record high of 30.