In a classic episode rerun on BBC One on Sunday, Mark looked through a collection brought in by the Antiques Roadshow guest. These included medals, photographs, a telegram and a piece of shell. As he looked at the latter to value it, he explained how he would pay up to £1,000 for it himself.  "A set of medals, two photos, a telegram, and a big lump of very cold shell," Mark described when he saw the collection. He asked the owner: "So, who's the gentleman in the photo?" She replied: "My dad, who was on the Prince of Wales and out to try to sink the Bismark with the Hood. "As you know, the Hood went down. They were outnumbered, the Bismark was huge, both ships apparently were outdone by it." Mark explained: "Well the Hood was the mightiest ship that we had and that went down in something like two-and-a-half minutes." "Yes," the guest confirmed. "The Prince of Wales was damaged, so it came back into dry dock and he had this piece of shell mounted." "So this is a piece of shell from the Bismark?" Mark clarified, stunned. READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series "Yes, which came into the Prince of Wales," replied the visitor to the roadshow. Mark painted a picture of the events, stating: "So, he's out there, the Hood's gone down, Bismark then turns her guns onto the Prince of Wales, and this is one of the pieces of that. "An actual piece of Bismark's gunnery! He comes back to England..." The owner of the items responded: "Yes, and for how long I don't know, but in June I was quickly rushed up to be Christened because I was two months old." Looking at a photograph of a uniformed man holding a baby alongside a smiling woman, Mark asked: "Is that you in that photo?" "Yeah, that's me with my mum and dad," she added. "So I was christened and then sometime later, he went back on the Prince of Wales, with a repulse and they got sent 100 miles up towards Japan to see what was going on. "And it apparently was one of the blunders of the war, of the navy, because they were sent up there with no air cover and they didn't stand a chance, they were torpedoed by the Japanese. "He went down on the ship, and that was obviously the telegram my mum had." DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Mick Carter killed by Janine Butcher at Christmas [LATEST]Emmerdale's April Dingle star in tears as on-screen dad wins award [VIDEO]Flog It! star unveils ambition he almost followed instead of antiques [EXCLUSIVE] Looking at the old piece of paper, Mark remarked: "This is one of those things that you hear about but you very rarely ever see, the telegram, and they're so bland, aren't they?" "Yes, so cold," she agreed as Mark began to read out its contents. He read: "'I deeply regret to inform you that your husband Gordon EJ Hall, who is believed to have been serving on HMS Prince of Wales, has not been reported as a survivor,' full stop." He commented: "So cold, and a heartless way of doing it, really." "No emotion at all, no," Gordon's daughter pointed out.  Mark continued: "Dreadful. You've got, in a very small space, an incredible story of World War Two, you have a story that happened to so many people, but you've still got the telegram. "And then you have an iconic," as he touched the piece of shell he added: "It's so cold!" He went on: "It's such a hot day and it is freezing. "You have a piece of one of the most famous German battleships, the Bismark. "It's one of those things that, as a collector, it would be the one thing in the catalogue that you would have to buy. "I would, I would have to buy that. I would think probably that once I told you that I think it would be about £500 to £600, I think I would still find someone bidding on it at around about the £1,000 mark. "Because I'd certainly pay £1,000 for that. I mean... to think that that was on the Bismark at one point, absolutely brilliant." Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.