Prince William and Kate Middleton joined Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall to celebrate with the Queen on Thursday for the RAF Flypast to kick off the Platinum Jubilee Celebrations. However, some viewers couldn’t help but spot Kate’s sweet parental moment with her son Prince Louis during the celebration. Kate was spotted pulling Louis’ thumb out of his mouth during the flypast on Thursday afternoon. The working royals all gathered on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch a procession of historical aircraft fly over London. The Queen shared a touching moment with Louis herself as she was seen chatting to the youngest royal present for the occasion. However, it didn’t take long for the four-year-old to start covering his ears from the noise and sucking his thumb. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? After the Queen’s traditional Trooping of the Colour parade to celebrate her birthday, the Royal Family watched over the crowd gathered at the Mall to enjoy the flypast together. Thousands of people have turned up outside Buckingham Palace to begin the Jubilee celebrations to commemorate the Queen’s 70 years on the throne. The flypast featured planes and helicopters from the 20th century all the way up to the present day. Following a spell of health problems, the Queen was able to watch along with her family and share some sweet moments of her own with her grandson. The flypast culminated in a flying formation forming the number ‘70’ to start the Jubilee weekend with a resounding finale. However, for some viewers watching at home, it was the antics on the balcony which caught their attention. Many of them took to Twitter to appreciate Kate’s familiar parenting moment with Louis. @JSDH_S joked: “Kate has her hands full with Louis. Little s*d!” DON'T MISS:Barack Obama pays tribute to Queen for Platinum Jubilee [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty makes demands as she struggles through royal coverage [BLUNDER]Stranger Things' Jonathan Byers star hits back at lack of screen time [INTERVIEW] @rubydoodledoo said: “For those watching, I think Prince Louis kept trying to suck his thumb and Kate clearly kept telling him to quit that s**t on the royal balcony.” @vbspurs wrote: “Let us never forget that Prince Louis is still a baby, still sucking his thumb. Enjoy it. It passes by too quickly.” @McGinz laughed: “Hahaha poor Prince Louis being told off for sucking his thumbs.” “Ah that was quite touching and natural from Kate there when telling little Louis to stop sucking his thumb and followed up with caring ruffle of hair & a ‘good boy’,” @Michael53418170 said. Others were also quick to point out Louis covering his ears and apparently screaming while the loud planes and helicopters flew overhead. Andy Goldman tweeted: “Lovely to see our Queen smiling at the perfectly executed '70' by the Typhoons. Prince Louis wasn't so sure.” Prince Louis might have stolen the show today, but there are still three more days of celebrations to come for over 10 million people enjoying Jubilee parties to look forward to.