Chechnya’s strongman leader Ramzan Kadyrov issued a warning to those spreading “rumours” about Putin’s health, telling them it is “better to shut your mouths”. Kadyrov also rubbished claims Putin is in a coma, saying he had spoken the Russian despot recently and he was “cheerful”.  In a recording posted to his Telegram channel, he said he had “read that our president had fallen into a coma" and that "they are looking for a replacement right now". He added of seeing Putin recently: “He has a very cheerful voice, a commanding voice, and he is ready to complete the special operation without harming the Ukrainian people and the state as much as possible.” Kadyrov ended with a warning over speculation about Putin’s health, saying: “I advise you that it is better to shut your mouths.  “May Allah grant our president a long life, health, happiness and good luck.” There has been continued speculation over Putin’s health and state of mind following his decision to launch a vicious invasion of Ukraine on February 24. The visible and dramatic decline in Putin’s health has sparked some to question whether it has impacted his decision making during the horrendous atrocities in Ukraine.  READ MORE: Russia helicopter explodes in mid-air after Ukrainian missile attack Speculation surrounding the Russian dictator’s health was sparked back in November 2020 when political analyst Professor Valery Solovei claimed the president had cancer and Parkinson’s. Professor Solovei claimed Putin had received treatment for the degenerative disease in February 2021, which was denied by the Kremlin amid rumours he would stand down in 2022. He has been previously spotted shaking uncontrollably in video footage.  DON'T MISS Putin hammer blow as war backfires: Ukraine given EU green light [INSIGHT]Russia suffers embarrassing loss as helicopter accidentally explodes [VIDEO]Putin forced into 'mobilisation by stealth' to avoid popular revolt [ANALYSIS] The Russian despot was seen on camera showing signs of "hand and leg tremors" in a meeting with his Belarusian counterpart. The shocking footage showed Putin holding one of his hands to his chest, and the other balled into a fist.  But as he moved towards the President of Belaru, Alexander Lukashenko, his right thumb made a motion which could be viewed as a spasm. He was then spotted looking unsteady on his feet and moving from one leg to another in order to balance.