Naomi (played by Karene Peter) is the long-lost daughter of established Emmerdale character Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) and the younger sister of lawyer Ethan Anderson (Emile John). Up until this point, the family member has only been mentioned as a presence off-screen as Esme (Eva Fontaine) gave her up for adoption after leaving the ITV soap vicar. As the newcomer reunites with her father and brother in next week's episodes, it seems she might have a secret of her own she is harbouring from the people who are supposedly her birth parents. When Charles discovers his long-lost daughter has gone missing, he will jump into the rescue as years of guilt weigh heavy on his shoulders. As he arrives at a bar where she is known to work, the vicar gets himself into an altercation with the manager who is reprimanding Naomi. Following the scuffle, the churchgoer informs the newcomer he is her birth father and he would like to get to know her after so many years apart. Although he might have found the person who Esme believes is their daughter, the new arrival could actually be a con artist. In a tragic set of circumstances, the real Naomi could have died when she was younger and the newcomer assumed her identity when she was fostered by the family who were looking to fill a hole in their lives following the death of their adoptive daughter. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition When Esme came looking for her, Naomi could have assumed the dead girl's identity as her foster parents could never get over the death of their adoptive child. Needing parental love and guidance, Naomi would have thought Esme could have given her this but the mother of two could still have been as confused as the day she gave her daughter up for adoption. Feeling regretted again, Naomi could have decided to stain contact with Esme as she knew the troubled character had been putting money away for her daughter to give her once they finally met. However, there could have been certain conditions to meet before this was released, which included meeting her father and brother. Trying to formulate a plan to meet the vicar as soon as possible with no questions asked, she might have thought about going missing. She would have known that Charles wouldn't have turned his back on Esme or his daughter if there was the possibility she was in danger. Having met Charles at the bar and soon to meet Ethan, it would seem the con artist's plan has fallen into place very nicely. Unfortunately, it could take longer for her to get the money than expected as she finds it near impossible to flee the village with the money in her back pocket. Will she expose her true identity as she acts suspiciously or will she play the long game in hopes the payout will be big? The actor who plays Charles, Kevin, has spoken out about his daughter's arrival and how being absent from her life means he doesn't actually know what Naomi looked like when she was younger. DON'T MISS...'Not innocent!' Emmerdale's Nicola Wheeler issues storyline warning [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: ITV star ditched drink and lost 3st [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT] The soap star explained of Charles' initial reaction to discovering he had a daughter: "I think at the time, it was all a big shock. "Charles was just settling into the village. When Esme first dropped the bombshell, he didn't believe her because he didn't trust Esme. "She disappeared and left him without a trace with no idea or no excuse or nothing for 22 years. So to come back and suddenly want to be in Charles and Ethan's life, he has restrictions and a lack of trust in her. "And then she drops this bombshell of a daughter existing which he doesn't believe at first. "So selfishly, Charles doesn't want to disrupt the new life he's sort of creating for himself in the village," he continued. "To disrupt the applecart and to have a daughter from nowhere exist, it was just a bit too much for him so he prefers to just settle with his life and not disrupt her life," Kevin added in an interview with Express.co.uk and other media. B"y just turning up out of the blue and going, 'Hey, I'm your father,' whereas she's been for 22 years happily sort of living her life with her adoptive parents and stuff. "So he doesn't want to disrupt that really,' the actor disclosed as to why his character has never gotten in contact with Naomi before? However, it's interesting Charles would be willing to trust this person who is supposed to be his daughter after just meeting her. Will he fall hook, line and sinker for the con artist's plan or is he too playing the long game to expose her true identity? Newcomer to the show and the actress who plays Naomi, Karene, has spoken about how she got into acting at the age of 18. The soap star said: "I kind of just fell into it by accident, to be honest. I was on a gap year from university working in retail, the glamorous day job life, and I met someone - who’s my very good friend now - who told me to come to some acting classes. "I was always interested in drama and things. So I went to some acting classes and there was an agency affiliated with those classes, and I got signed and fell into things from there. "It’s been a long, interesting journey," she added, but will her character be able to pull the wool over the villager's eyes? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.