Joe Biden appeared to concede the economic situation in the US was unlikely to improve in the coming weeks and months after he suggested the White House could not pull any levers to fix the worrying situation. The cost of living could pose a problem for the POTUS in the upcoming midterm elections in November. According to the Democracy Institute/Express monthly US poll tracker, almost three quarters of Americans believe the country is heading in the wrong direction under Mr Biden. The poll also indicated six in 10 Americans think the President has handled the economy poorly. Speaking to reporters about rising prices on Wednesday, the 46th President said: "The idea we’re going to be able to, you know, click a switch and bring down the cost of gasoline is not likely in the near-term, nor is it with regard to food." Stateside gas prices now average at a record-breaking $4.67 (£3.74) per gallon, according to the American Automobile Association. Mr Biden was forced to tap strategic reserves in a bid to limit the pain. JUST IN: Tulsa shooting: Five killed and multiple injured in 'devastating' Oklahoma massacre The POTUS claimed on Wednesday such efforts had prevented prices at the pump going even higher. However, he also suggested the US could allow certain Russian crude sales to be subjected to a price cap. Mr Biden said: “There’s a whole lot of consideration going on about what can be done to maybe even purchase the oil but at a limited price, so that it has to be sold - there’d be an overwhelming need for the Russians to sell it and it would be sold for a significantly lower price than the market is generating now.” But the President noted food prices have also risen. He said: “We’re trying to work through, you know, a war. “We’re trying to work through how we can get that harbour opened, and get the tens of thousands of tons of grain that are there. The same with gasoline.” US inflation remained close to a 40-year-high last month after the latest consumer price index figures showed annual inflation stood at 8.3 percent in April. The rate was marginally down from the 8.5 percent in March. However, over the year the CPI’s food index increased 9.4 percent in what was the largest 12-month increase since 1981. DON'T MISS: Senior ally of Boris Johnson loses confidence [WATCH]Brexit: Row erupts on HGV Dover chaos as Remoaners fume [LISTEN]Minister fails to convert 'universally understood' imperial units  [INSIGHT] JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon also warned the situation could get even worse. Mr Dimon said at a Bernstein conference: “Right now it's kind of sunny, things are doing fine. “Everyone thinks the Fed can handle this. “That hurricane is right out there down the road coming our way.” He added: “We just don't know if it's a minor one or Superstorm Sandy. You better brace yourself.” 