According to royal biographer Robert Lacey, George would have been told about his position in the line of succession to the British throne last year, aged seven, after his parents, Prince William and Kate, decided to sit him down at a "controlled moment of their choice" rather than risking he finds out accidentally and gets confused. The author of Battle of Brothers said in an updated version of his book: "William has not revealed to the world how and when he broke the big news to his son. "Maybe one day George will tell us the story himself. "But sometime around the boy’s seventh birthday in the summer of 2020, it is thought that his parents went into more detail about what the little prince's life of future royal 'service and duty' would particularly involve." READ MORE: Princess Charlotte to nab historic title from Anne Their decision, Mr Lacey wrote, was said to be linked to "William’s unhappiness at the haphazard fashion in which the whole business of his royal destiny had buzzed around his head from the start". Prince George is the eldest of the Cambridges' children. His sister, Princess Charlotte, is six and his brother, Prince Louis, four. The boy might this year face big changes when it comes to his education. A shy four-year-old George was first walked through the gates of Thomas's Battersea, in south London, by his father in September 2017. The photos of him on his first day, smartly dressed in his new uniform, a navy v-neck pullover, matching Bermuda-style shorts, long red socks and black shoes, will forever be stuck in royal fans' memories. But this year, as the prince turns nine, could be the last at Thomas's for him, as Kate and William are reportedly looking at four schools for him to attend starting in September. DON'T MISSHow much does the Royal Family cost the UK taxpayer? [ANALYSIS]Can the Queen declare war? [EXPLAINER]Harry SHOULD apologise to William but ‘too late’ [POLL] Later on, it is thought Prince George will receive lessons similar to those his father and great-grandmother, the Queen, had from Eton College. While the one-day king is bound to be in the public eye at he grows older, Kate and William are said to be trying to shield him from too much attention for now. Royal commentator Rhiannon Mills said: "You can’t forget that Prince George is hugely important as a future heir to the throne and inevitably there is, over the coming years, going to be more and more focus on him." Speaking to Express.co.uk, she added: "But William and Kate are going to want to do anything they can to try and keep him out of the spotlight as much as they can." Additional reporting by Alice Scarci