Meghan and Harry, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, recently returned to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee and were reunited with members of the Royal Family. Royal expert Neil Sean has suggested that since the festivities to celebrate the Queen’s unprecedented 70-year reign, the couple have been offered TV deals. Speaking in a recent episode on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: “All the TV broadcasters around the world are looking to put together specials on the Platinum Jubilee, particularly for their year-end things. READ MORE: 'Answer going to be no' Prince Harry and Meghan Markle not tipped for summer UK return “American networks are very keen on sitting down with Harry and Meghan to get their take on what has been spectacular years. “I've been told that Australian TV too is particularly interested in all the mainstream media now. “When you think about it that could be a big pay deal for Harry and Meghan.” In a set of polls that ran from 6pm on Friday, June 24, to 11am on Wednesday, June 29, Express.co.uk asked whether Meghan and Harry should accept deals for interviews on the Jubilee and if they should speak of family moments. First Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry accept ‘big pay deal’ for Jubilee interviews?” A total of 9,142 people cast their votes with the overwhelming response being “no”, they should not accept a “big pay deal” for Jubilee interviews. However, three percent (316 people) said “yes” they should accept a deal, while just one percent (62 people) said they did not know. Meghan and Harry previously took part in a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, whereby they discussed their decision to quit as senior royals. The interview caused controversy as Meghan and Harry talked openly about their royal lives. Meghan claimed there were “concerns” over the colour of their now three-year-old son Archie’s skin colour. Harry also said that his father and brother, Prince Charles and Prince William, were “trapped” in the Firm. The couple’s recent activity has sparked fears of a second tell-all interview. Meghan and Harry were seen making the five-minute drive from their home in Montecito, California to visit their friend Ms Winfrey on Saturday, June 25. Next Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry speak of family moments at Jubilee?” Overall, 9,091 people responded to this question with the dominant response being “no”, receiving 96 percent (8,204 people) of votes cast. A further four percent (330 people) said “yes”, they should speak of family moments, and one percent (67 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of readers shared their thoughts on Meghan and Harry in the comments below the accompanying article. DON'T MISS: 'What have we got into?' Harry and Meghan fans 'turn away' from couple, expert claims [VIDEO]Royal POLL: Should Prince William step in and let Prince Charles retire? [VOTE]'Grass isn’t greener' Britons mock 'homesick' Harry for thinking he’d have perfect LA life [LATEST] Many readers expressed concern about what Meghan and Harry could discuss as they had a limited role in the Jubilee festivities. One reader, username MiniMiner, said: “What are they going to talk about?” Username josieshopper said: “How can they say anything, they missed 90 percent of it.” And username Had Enough Now wrote: “Don't think they were there long enough to have anything much to say about it.” Another reader, username Tgs5995, said: “Nothing to tell. They were totally ignored.” Meanwhile, others urged the couple to remain silent with username robinwaltrip commenting: :If Harry really wants to be closer to his family, he and Megan need to be silent on anything said with the royal family.”