Clearly something is not right. Do you take action now by sending on substitutes, or do you prevaricate, pray that a miracle will happen, and wait until the 85th minute before changing anything? By that time it will be almost certainly be too late and the fans will have suffered even more pain. This is the situation with Britain's economy. The country is facing the greatest economic crisis since World War 2. We have a unique and terrifying quadruple whammy, yet the Prime Minister and Chancellor are fiddling around the edges, praying for a miracle when action is needed now. Economists and the people are screaming at them, yet they seem oblivious to the problem. The quadruple challenge is firstly that we have a growth crisis, with the lowest medium term growth forecasts for 70 years. Secondly we have a tax problem with the highest taxes for 70 years, at more than 35 percent of GDP. We have an inflation crisis with the highest levels for over 30 years, at nine per cent and rising. And finally we have a major productivity problem, with the public sector the chief culprit, having got much worse over the last 20 years, whilst parts of the private sector like manufacturing have improved efficiency by more than 40 percent in the same period. Imagine if our public sector was 40 percent more efficient, how good our public services would be? Within this productivity crisis we have the tragedy of more than 5.3 million people on out of work benefits, that is one in eight of the working age population. And yet we are told we have a labour shortage? Sadly the system is so poorly structured and also open to abuse, that 1.5 million more people are on out of work benefits than pre Covid, despite they being record job vacancies across most of the economy. This is bad for their own health, for their family and their community as well as a desperate waste of talent. For too too many a job does not pay enough above benefits to justify getting off their backsides. Faced with all this the Chancellor’s recent statement is tinkering at the edges. It does not touch the sides. He gives more state handouts than Jeremy Corbyn could ever have dare dreamed of. He raises taxes on people and businesses. He increases Government spending so fuelling inflation. It all seems like a socialist solution that will make matters worse. The solutions are not complicated. If people keep more of their wages you increase the incentive to go to work.   The starting point for paying income tax should be raised to £20,000 from £12,570. An extra £30 per week, a net pay increase for an average salary of well over five percent. This makes pay negotiations easier to keep inflation lower. Cutting fuel duty by 20p per litre will increase activity, save drivers hundreds of pounds and reduce prices and thus inflation. Scrapping both the five percent VAT on energy bills and the environmental levies which subsidise renewables, will save an average household £260 per year and reduce inflation. Finally cutting general VAT from 20 percent to 18 percent will save an average household over £300 per year and also reduce inflation. This big bold stimulus of more than £70billion-per-year will reduce, not increase inflation, because it cuts prices. We estimate the first year reduction in inflation will be around four percent. And it is easily affordable. In the same way that we are all looking at household budgets and saving say £5 in £100, so the Government must do the same. That is some £55 billion per year! We all see ridiculous waste everywhere you look in public sector. These savings can be achieved without cutting front line services. The balance of the cost can be absorbed by extra short term borrowing, since these plans will increase the rate of growth by around half a percent per year and thus increase tax revenues over the medium term. For more than 30 years between the two world wars we had much higher debt levels than now, then grew our way out of the crisis. Now we must do the same. 