A stroke is considered a “life-threatening” emergency, which is triggered by a cut-off blood supply to your brain. What’s worse, this serious condition strikes every five minutes, targeting around 100,000 people each year. New research has identified a risk factor that affects those who have gone through menopause. Menopause describes the time in your life when your hormone levels drop, causing your periods to stop. According to the NHS, this usually occurs between the ages of 45 and 55. Although this change is completely normal, it’s associated with a myriad of uncomfortable symptoms, including brain fog and hot flushes. Now, a study, published in the journal Neurology, shares that those who have gone through this condition could be at a greater risk of a stroke. READ MORE: Covid symptoms: The ‘early’ sign spotted in 82% of patients - ‘more common’  "Our study examined what role menopause may have on amounts of these brain biomarkers. “Our results imply that white matter hyperintensities evolve differently for men and women, where menopause or factors that determine when menopause starts, such as variations in the ageing process, are defining factors." Looking at 3,410 people, the research involved participants with an average of 54, with 58 percent being women. Out of the female participants, 59 percent have gone through the menopause. READ MORE: How to check your poo: Key signs of bowel cancer in your stool - ‘know what is normal’ All of the study subjects had MRI brain scans done to calculate the amount of white matter hyperintensities. After adjusting for age and vascular risk factors, such as high blood pressure and diabetes, the research team noticed that postmenopausal women had more of these brain biomarkers. “In people 45 and older, postmenopausal women had an average total white matter hyperintensities volume of 0.94ml compared to 0.72ml for men,” the research explained. However, premenopausal women and men of a similar age did not have a difference in the average amount of white matter hyperintensities. Plus, there was no difference between postmenopausal and premenopausal women using hormone therapy. Breteler explained that this finding suggests that hormone therapy - the main medical treatment for the condition - after menopause may not have a protective effect on the brain. The study also reports some limitations as the researchers didn’t know the exact age of menopause onset or whether some participants were perimenopausal. According to the NHS, the main stroke symptoms form the word FAST: