The Queen met with Ms Sturgeon in Edinburgh this morning. The pair were pictured shaking hands at Holyrood House. The 96-year-old monarch's hands appeared to be a dark purple colour, sparking concerns over her health. GP Giuseppe Aragona said the condition could be caused by a number of issues. He said: "There are a few different reasons for why the Queen’s hands are so purple. "A lack of circulation, frail skin, exposed veins, bruising, a leakage of blood to the tissue beneath the skin causing the colour. "It could be cyanosis which occurs when there is not enough oxygen in the blood." Speaking to Metro, he added: "Blood which has a normal amount of oxygen is a deep red and means your skin is its normal colour, however low oxygenated blood is bluer which causes your skin to have a purple hue. "It is known that cyanosis can develop quicker if the person has suffered a minor health problem, so this could be linked to her recent injury." She was also pictured with purple-looking hands in 2019, in an official photograph of her meeting with Jordan's King Abdullah and Queen Rania and their son, Crown Prince Hussein. READ MORE: Queen meets Sturgeon less than 24 HOURS after FM bid to rip UK apart The latest issue comes amid wider concern for the monarch's health, with the 96-year-old having had to pull out of a number of engagements in recent months. Buckingham Palace said she is suffering from "episodic mobility issues." The issues have meant she has been unable to attend many public engagements. DON'T MISS: Royal: Harry 'unhappy' despite Meghan attempts at perfect LA life [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry begged not to do second interview [REVEAL] Queen savagely attacked online as calls for 'Scottish Republic' erupt [REACTION] She missed the State Opening of Parliament in early May and missed the Easter Sunday Service at St George's Chapel the month before. More recently, she chose to take a backseat during June's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She has also been pictured using a walking stick at most events in recent months. But in her meeting with Ms Sturgeon this morning, the Queen was pictured without the cane. The meeting was part of the Queen's visit to Scotland for Royal Week. It took place just hours after Ms Sturgeon pushed on with her plans to hold a second independence referendum. She announced that the referendum would be held on October 19 2023.