Daniel Ricciardo has agreed with George Russell over F1’s bouncing issues, suggesting it is not good for the ‘health and wellbeing’ of the drivers. Ricciardo looked visibly shaken after the race and even compared the bouncing in his car to a basketball after securing seventh. It comes after some drivers have openly called for the FIA to make changes to the rules in a bid to reduce the impact. And the Australian insisted the situation is "not sustainable". Ricciardo said: “I know George has been vocal about it, it’s not sustainable and I genuinely feel rattled. I don't know, it's not good, it's definitely not good. “Hopefully we can figure it out. When I say not good I mean just for honestly our general health and wellbeing. “It's not normal the high-frequency load we get… I know watching the onboards it looks bad, especially the Mercedes sometimes. READ MORE: George Russell agrees with Lewis Hamilton on 'brutal' Mercedes issues “I now feel what they feel, I believe because it definitely felt bad.” Ahead of the race, Russell had warned it was only a matter of time before there was a ‘major incident’ due to the issues. He said: “It’s a recipe for disaster. So I don’t really know what the future holds. But I don’t think we can sustain this for three years or however long these regulations are enforced for.” Russell also claimed the bouncing ‘wasn’t pleasant' after the race, admitting the rough Baku track had meant the issues were worse than many places this season. The former Williams man was also asked on whether he felt it could be safety in numbers if more drivers came forward. DON'T MISSMercedes boss Toto Wolff shares major concerns over Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Hamilton 'stressed' as Mercedes warned bouncing may cause concussion [ANALYSIS]Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc 'hurt' after Azerbaijan GP DNF [COMMENT] He explained: “Yeah. No one is saying this to try and get any advantage. You've got the Ferrari drivers and even Max [Verstappen] was saying how tough it is. You’ve either got porpoising and the car’s hitting the ground, or if you have no porpoising you're able to run the car one cm from the ground and you're smashing the bumps. “So whichever way you've got it it's not great for anyone. Something will happen there's no doubt about it.” Lewis Hamilton admitted he was ‘biting down’ on his teeth due to the pain of racing. The seven-time champion admitted he was ‘praying’ for the race to be over and looked stiff as he exited the car after the chequered flag. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff called on the FIA to make changes on safety grounds ahead of the race. He said: “I think that most of the drivers have now come to the conclusion that it’s really bad. The regulations will follow for many years. It’s the moment now to say that is a real issue and what can we do to lift everybody up.”