Chelsea have been handed a major transfer boost after Paris Saint-Germain have informed Neymar he is not part of the club’s plans ahead of next season. The Brazilian signed for the French giants in a world-record £200million transfer in 2017. Thomas Tuchel’s Chelsea have been monitoring Neymar’s situation, as they ambition a swoop for the Brazilian this summer. Following a disappointing season for the French side, owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has reviewed the different aspects of the club. Mauricio Pochettino is set to get the sack despite guiding the club to the Ligue 1 title in his first year in charge. Though, a poor campaign in the Champions League and Neymar’s commitment has led Al-Khelaifi to want to cut ties with the player. According to Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo, the Parisian side has been “fed up” with the forward, after Kylian Mbappe has reportedly highlighted the “systematic indiscipline” from the Brazilian’s training and post-party recoveries. “Neymar does not like to train; he has played with three or four extra kilos for years. But in the competition he has been the most honest attacker of the team, the one who has run the most to help [the team] and defend himself,” a close source said. JUST IN: Man Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck'  One’s loss is another’s gain however, as Chelsea have now been given the chance to sign the 30-year-old. The report states that world transfer signing was left angered by the owner’s comments about him. “A possible departure from Neymar this summer? What I can tell you is that we expect all players to do much more than last season – much more!,” Al-Khelaifi said when asked about Neymar’s uncertain future at Parc des Princes. “They must all be 100%. Obviously, we were not good enough to go far. For next season, the goal is clear: work 200% every day. Give everything we have for this jersey; give the maximum and we will see the result. We must become humble again. We must change to avoid injuries, suspensions and fouls that tip a game.” DON'T MISS Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn  The Brazilian was initially understood to not want to leave Paris this summer ahead of the World Cup later this year but has since been open to a new challenge. Last season was well below expectations, netting just 13 goals in 28 appearances, and recording eight assists. RMC Sport reported that he could consider a move to Stamford Bridge however, with new owner Todd Boehly wanting to make an instant impression after his recent arrival at the club. Tuchel’s time at PSG back in during 2018 and 2020 could also play a part in convincing the player on a switch to north London.   The Brazil international has no doubt enjoyed his time under Tuchel, as he previously said: "Thomas Tuchel? I would give my life on the pitch for him. He is a truly brilliant man."