At the end of 2020, Eamonn Holmes was dropped by ITV after hosting the Friday instalments of This Morning alongside his wife Ruth Langford for 15 years. Although he’s stated he had "no idea" why the broadcaster let him go, reports claimed it was because he was “too male, pale and stale”. After hosting This Morning on Fridays for 15 years, he was axed from the broadcaster at the end of 2020 before he joined GB News in early 2022. In his latest Express column, Eamonn spoke about his age and how at 62 years old he has no plans on slowing down. He first started presenting at 21 and to this day remains ITV’s youngest anchor. The star admitted even though he was in his early 20s he was expected to act 41 and had the mindset of being old before he turned 50. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Nicola King to exit as she murders beloved villager When he hit 50, he thought "sod this" and felt there was so much he could offer. Eamonn said: “That’s when time stood still for me. "I resented the responsibilities I had been burdened with and realised, for the first time, that there were more years behind me than there were in front of me.” Instead of dwelling on this, Eamonn said it gave him a different mindset as there was a ”freedom of living off who you have become as opposed to who you are trying to be".   The veteran presenter went on to explain it's why he was "hurt" when it was suggested ITV let him go because he was "stale" “When I parted ways with ITV last year and I saw newspaper reports suggesting my departure was down to me being 'too male, pale and stale'. "The remarks hurt me a little, but they also ignited a fire in my belly. “'We’ll see about that,' I thought to myself. DON'T MISS...Lesley Dunlop age: How old is Emmerdale's Brenda Walker star? [INSIGHT]Neighbours theory: Clive Gibbons exits as secret life exposed [SPOILER]Virgin River season 4 theory: Brie and Mike romance sealed in clue [THEORY] "I have since joined GB News, a channel at the start of an exciting journey, and the move has only underlined to me that there are still so many more exciting things to do and achieve.” “Male, stale and pale? Forget it. The best is yet to come," Eamonn remarked. He now hosts the breakfast programme alongside Isabel Webster, who he previously worked with on Sky News. Eamonn is confident her can continue as long as legends such as Elton John, 75, Sir Paul McCartney, 80, Diana Ross, 78, and Bruce Springstein, 72.   Recently, Eamonn was forced to take a break from his GB news duties after he was rushed to hospital in "excruciating pain". Over the past few years, the presenter has suffered from long-term issues and has previously opened up about battling chronic back pain after a dislocated pelvis led to three slipped discs. Although he was rushed to A&E, the 62-year-old was seen smiling at Royal Ascot with his wife Ruth who gave an update on his health on ITV’s Lorraine. She said: “He still had his stick with him because he's got these discs in his back, but he was out, he was smiling and it was a beautiful day.  