Young Ian (played by John Bell) has already played a crucial role in the fight to protect Fraser’s Ridge after being banished by the Mohawk in the last season of Outlander. With a seventh instalment of the hit Starz drama already on the way, executive producer Maril Davis has shared the first details of what fans can expect to see from Ian and his family when the show returns. The surrogate son of Jamie (Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) will once again play a major part in the upcoming season of Outlander. Young Ian’s storyline is set to be his most important yet after becoming a man with the Mohawk tribe, only to return to Fraser’s Ridge in its hour of need. By the end of the season, Ian has reunited with Jamie after freeing him from certain death at the hands of Richard Brown’s (Chris Larkin) gang. They’ll now have to do everything they can to find Jamie’s wife Claire and bring her home safely before she’s tried for the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? With a seventh season of Starz’s popular fantasy series currently in the works, producer Maril has teased what’s to come for the unconventional family next time around. “For Ian, I mean, I’m so impressed with John Bell this season,” she began. “Every season I am, but I just think we’ve seen Young Ian and I love that we call him that. “But Young Ian turned into a man this season. He’s really coming into his own.” During Outlander’s sixth instalment, the action flashed back to Ian’s time with the Mohawk, including meeting his wife Wakyo’teyehsnonhsa/Emily (Morgan Holmstrom). Sadly, tragedy struck the happy couple, and Emily’s miscarriages convinced the tribe Ian was a bad omen for the Mohawk, and he was exiled from his new home. Now Ian is back on the Ridge and has formed an even closer bond with Jamie over their shared experiences, he’ll prove to be a vital part of his plan to retrieve Claire and ensure their home is a safe haven against the Revolution. Maril told Variety: “I’m so excited for where we’re going with Ian and season seven. DON'T MISS:The Boys’ Black Noir star teases ‘tough choices’ after Seven exit [EXCLUSIVE]Ozark boss explains why Jonah and Charlotte stayed [INSIGHT]Sunday Brunch backlash after Simon and Tim’s ‘painful’ interview [REACTION] “We’re gonna see such a great arc for him. I’m just so impressed by John and the way he’s transformed that character from boy to man. “We saw that before our eyes this season and it was really lovely.” Scottish actor John has been an Outlander series regular since the third season and has quickly grown into a firm favourite amongst fans. John admitted he was equally distraught as viewers when he discovered the traumatic experiences he endured while the Frasers were busy defending their home. “When I got the script in for [episode] four, I was reading it and I was actually in tears,” he told Starz. “Of course, Young Ian is a part of me, you know, I feel for him so deeply. So when I’m reading this it’s almost as if it’s happening to me, too.” With a staggering 16 episodes to come in Outlander’s next season, fans should expect plenty more from John once the stunning romantic drama returns to screens. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.