Dominic Raab has hit out at the deputy Labour leader's stance on RMT rail strikes as Angela Rayner came under pressure to condemn the trade unions. Mr Raab declared that "champaign socialism" was back in the Labour Party after Sir Keir Starmer's deputy was spotted "sipping champagne" at an opera festival. Mr Raab told MPs: "So she talks about working with people she talks about working people where was the Right Honourable lady when the comrades were on the picket line last Thursday. "Where was she when the labour front page for joining them rather than signing up for the public. "She was at the Glyndebourne Music Festival sipping champagne, listening to opera. "Champagne socialism is back in the Labour Party."  Ms Rayner followed up on with a swipe of her own saying Britain cannot "stomach" Boris Johnson for another eight years. The Labour deputy leader told the Commons: "The truth is what I want for my honourable friend the Leader of this Opposition is not to be the Leader of the Opposition, but to be the prime minister of this country. "To be honest, it could not come quick enough. "Britain can't stomach this Prime Minister for another eight years. His own backbenchers can't stomach him for another eight minutes.   And if they continue to prop him up, I doubt the voters will stomach him for even eight seconds in the ballot. "Now, let's imagine the Prime Minister is still clinging on into the 2030s, under this tax high, low growth Tory government at this rate by 2030, the British public will have endured 55 tax rises. So, how many more tax rises will this Government inflict on working families before he says enough is enough?" The Deputy Labour leader asked: "When will the Deputy Prime Minister finally grow a backbone and tell the Prime Minister the game is up?" She said: "Talking about Nato, where was the honourable member when (during) the situation in Afghanistan - on a sun lounger, that's where. I'll take no lectures from the honourable member when it comes to doing your job." DON'T MISS: Lib Dems call for fuel duty cuts despite policies to hike them [REPORT]By-election thrashings are a wake-up call for PM, says Ann Wills [OPINION]He's great!' Boris backed as he hints at running for a third mandate [REVEAL]  On the Conservative record, she added: "An exceptional record on stagnant wages, rising poverty and broken promises, and the Prime Minister wants to drag this out until 2030, and how much more can he stomach before finds the guts, how many more tax rises, how many more families (driven) into poverty and how many manifesto pledges broken. "I hope for the sake of the British public that we never find out and when will the Deputy Prime Minister finally grow a backbone and tell the Prime Minister the game is up?" Mr Raab replied: "I can't help thinking (she) is auditioning for the leadership contest on that side, not really referring to anything on this side. We're putting in place the policies to grow our economy ... we're putting in place the economic plan to help people with the cost of living, the Labour leader is getting ready for year zero. We're the ones supporting Ukraine with sanctions on Russia, with military support." He added: "We're one the ones making the streets safer, more police and tougher sentencing ... They've got no plan, they're not fit to govern."