The NHS explains frontotemporal dementia is an uncommon type of dementia that causes problems with behaviour and language. This type of dementia affects the front and sides of the brain. The health body explains signs of frontotemporal dementia can include personality and behaviour changes such as “acting inappropriately or impulsively, appearing selfish or unsympathetic, neglecting personal hygiene, overeating, or loss of motivation”.  The health body says many people with frontotemporal dementia develop a number of unusual behaviours they're not aware of. These can include: READ MORE: Peter Kay: Comic's 'first hand experience' of 'complex' disease - condition explained  It states: “As the condition progresses, people with frontotemporal dementia may become socially isolated and withdrawn.” The health body says other signs include:  The Alzheimer's Society (AS) explains that the first noticeable symptoms for a person with this type of dementia will be changes to their personality and behaviour or difficulties with language. It explains: “These are very different from the early symptoms of more common types of dementia. “For example, in Alzheimer’s disease, early changes are often problems with day-to-day memory.” The AS says researchers don't know exactly what causes a person to develop frontotemporal dementia.  The charity says unlike some other types of dementia, frontotemporal dementia seems to affect men and women about equally. It states: “However, there is not enough evidence to know if certain lifestyle factors, such as smoking, drinking alcohol, or not being physically active can increase a person’s risk.” It adds: “Researchers also don’t know whether other long-term health conditions, such as diabetes or high blood pressure, can make someone more likely to develop the condition.” The AS says this type of dementia is much more likely to run in families than more common forms of dementia.  The Mayo Clinic explains: “There's no single test for frontotemporal dementia. Doctors look for signs and symptoms of the disease and try to exclude other possible causes. “The disorder can be especially challenging to diagnose early because symptoms of frontotemporal dementia often overlap with those of other conditions.” The NHS says there is currently no cure for frontotemporal dementia, but there are treatments that can help manage some of the symptoms. It explains: “Medicines cannot stop frontotemporal dementia getting worse, but it can help reduce some of the symptoms for some people.” 