While energy costs increased by a staggering 54 percent in April, bills are only forecast to rise even higher in October - by roughly 42 percent. To help Britons with the costs, the UK Government announced a Boiler Upgrade Scheme (BUS), providing grants to encourage property owners to install low carbon heating systems in their homes. However, some energy experts have deemed the scheme unfit for most UK consumers. Through the BUS, Britons can get £6,000 off the cost and installation of a ground source heat pump, £5,000 for an air source heat pump, and £5,000 for a biomass boiler. The latter, however, only applies to rural areas and properties that are off the gas grid. The aim of the scheme largely works to reduce the UK’s carbon footprint, as well as lessen its dependence on gas, which continues to be a volatile market. Installing one of these alternatives can also increase the value of a property, as a ground source heat pump, for example, is extremely energy efficient. However, the reality of having a heat pump installed is a different story; as experts from Boiler Central explained, the two biggest downsides of heat pumps are incompatibility with most homes and, when compatible, still extremely high upfront costs, even with a Government grant.  READ MORE: When you will receive £400 for energy bills  The latter is an issue for at least 28 percent of UK residents, who think that improving their home’s energy efficiency would cost too much, according to the most recent survey from the Office for National Statistics regarding energy efficiency in Great Britain. Myles Robinson, heating expert at Boiler Central, said: “As you can tell from the name, the way in which ground source and air source heat pumps work is by collecting heat either from the ground or the air.” And while this sounds like an effective money and planet-saving alternative, there are cons to the plan. Mr Robinson provided the pros and cons of switching to ground source or air source heat pumps. If your home is suitable for ground source heat pumps, it'll be great for underfloor heating. Mr Robinson said: “Compared to air source ones, they provide more renewable heating, are capable of drawing more heat for less effort, and require little-to-no electricity to run.  “They are also far less dependent on the weather - compared to air-source heat pumps, which struggle to draw warmth from cooler air temperatures, just when you need the heating the most. “Conversely, considering the hot summers we have had in the past few years, if your home is suitable for either an air source or a ground source heat pump, you will be glad to know that both of them can double as cooling systems.” Once installed, ground source heat pumps can last up to 25 years, compared to weather-battered air source heat pumps that only last around a decade. Gas boilers last around 15 years. Mr Robinson said: “It seems counterintuitive, but ground source heat pumps generally do not require planning permissions, which may likely be the case for air source heat pumps. “That is because the latter can change the exterior of a property and generate some noise pollution. Meanwhile, ground source heat pumps - though you will need to have a hole dug into the ground - do not change the exterior of a property.”  DON'T MISS: Martin Lewis busts viral myth about ‘cheaper’ energy bills [ANALYSIS]Why you should avoid killing ivy plants - ‘protects your building’ [EXPLAINED]Universal Credit: How you can get £812 Budgeting Loan on top of £650 [INSIGHT]   The cons sadly render installing heat pumps unrealistic for a lot of UK homes. Mr Robinson added: “First of all, the costs are immense, and these can multiply if some parts of your existing heating system are incompatible with the heat pump system, such as radiators, emitters or any pipework. “Ground source heat pump installation costs can add up to an eye-watering £35,000, of which the Government can slash £6,000 off through the Boiler Upgrade Scheme.” Compared to a £2,000 hydrogen-ready boiler and even £7,000 for an air source heat pump, this is clearly out of most people’s reach. Mr Robinson said: “Assuming you have the funds, do not expect that you are in the clear. “Unfortunately, not every home is suitable for heat pump installation. If you live in a flat above ground level, for example, you obviously have nowhere to dig a hole for the ground source heat pump.  “Nor is it worth bothering to get planning permission for an air source heat pump that will last you less than a boiler, which you will need anyway for when it is cold outside and the pump struggles to extract heat.” Now, in the scenario that you have enough funds, space and planning permission for either heat pump and are committed to the project - does it make for a good, accessible scheme? Mr Robinson said: “You probably already have a combi boiler or a hydrogen-ready boiler which means that, unfortunately, you do not qualify for the BUS grant because the Government deems those with already low-carbon heating systems ineligible. “Nor are new build properties, unless you are building your own home. “The reality is that most homeowners are looking for immediate solutions to cutting their gas bills because of the cost-of-living crisis. “They most certainly do not have tens of thousands of pounds to spare. The Boiler Upgrade Scheme is not for them – it is for those who can already afford the significant upfront costs of a greener heating system.”  BUS runs across England and Wales for owners of both domestic and small non-domestic properties. They need to be switching from a fossil fuel system, meaning those with an already low-carbon heating system do not qualify for the grant. Other requirements include having an insulation capacity of up to 45kWth (which covers most homes) and a valid Energy Performance Certificate without any outstanding recommendations for loft or cavity wall insulation, unless exempt. Grants are not available for those living in social housing, new build properties (apart from certain self-builds), and properties that have already had Government funding or support for a heat pump or biomass boiler. 