Since February 24, between 14,200 and 14,400 Russian forces were killed in fighting in Ukraine, according to the United Nations. Ukraine’s forces have been able to fight back against the ‘special military operation’, with many videos released showing the military successfully destroy Russian vehicles and machinery. An overhead video released by The Third Force, a Telegram account, on June 14 showed artillerymen from the 79th Separate Air Assault brigade attack Russian BAT-2 vehicles. The BAT-2 is an armored tracklayer, used for road and track clearing and grading, and can drive graded tracks across various terrain and snow according to Military Today. The clip showed an artillery strike destroy the Russian vehicles, with the video showing a cloud of smoke rise after the first impact. It then cuts to a separate clip of the same vehicle, now exploded with the ground beneath it ablaze. The 79th Separate Air Assault brigade is based in Mykolaiv, and previously took part in the 2014 insurgency in Donbas. It comes after a separate overhead video was released showing a Russian BMP-2 is filmed being blown up by Ukraine's 40th Artillery Brigade. The tank is first hit while hiding in the forest, where it bursts into flames. It then flees the scene desperately with smoke billowing out of its rear. After a short time, the Russian crew appear to abandon the vehicle as it continues to burn. The tank is then seen destroyed on a dirt path by a nearby forest. Ukraine's 40th Artillery Brigade operates out of the city of Pervomaisk in the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Pope sparks furious backlash - West PROVOKED war The artillery attack also follows footage of a Russian ammunition depot in the southern Kherson region catching fire. The city of Kherson and the surrounding region were seized by Russia in the early stages of the February 24 invasion of Ukraine and have been the focus of Ukrainian counter-offensives. Footage from the area shows smoke pouring out from the area of the Russian supply warehouse. The cause of the fire is not immediately known, however, numerous Russian ammunition storage sites have come under attack from the Armed Forces of Ukraine recently. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK Brexit: Hated deal remains ‘reminder Brexit not done’ Girl suffers horrific burns after touching UK's 'most dangerous' plant Meanwhile, William Courtney, adjunct senior fellow at Rand Corporation, told CNBC’s “Capital Connection” on June 6 Russia’s failure to achieve major goals in Ukraine is “quite embarrassing”. The former US official said: “Over 100 days, the Russians have pulled back their aims at least tactically, perhaps not strategically, quite a lot. “The original goal was to seize three major cities: Kyiv, Kharkiv and Odessa. Russian troops had to withdraw from Kyiv and Kharkiv. And [they] have not been able to get close to Odessa. “So (failure to achieve) these major goals really is quite embarrassing for Russia.” Volodmyr Zelensky has also said the outcome of the battle for the Donbas region will determine the course of the war. The Ukrainian President has urged citizens in the region to “hold on” amid intense fighting between Kyiv’s military and Russian forces and separatists. Russian and Ukrainian forces are currently in a fierce skirmish over the two cities of Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk, which were once home to 100,000 people each. In an address on Telegram, he said: “It is vital to stay in Donbas. The defence of the region is essential to give an indication of who will dominate in the coming weeks.” He also said: “The more the enemy suffers losses there, the less strength he will have to continue his aggression.” The Russian Ministry of Defence said it would establish a "humanitarian corridor" for 12 hours on Wednesday in order to allow "the safe evacuation of all civilians, without exception."