 On Wednesday, June 15, new regulations state that electric vehicle charge points should be installed at new residential homes and buildings. According to the Department for Transport, any new building developments with associated parking must have access to EV chargers.  The Building Regulations 2010 state: “This approved document takes effect on 15 June 2022 for use in England. "It does not apply to work subject to a building notice, full plans application or initial notice submitted before that date, provided the work is started on site before 15 June 2023.” Any building undergoing large-scale renovations which leaves them with over 10 parking spaces will be required to install electric vehicle charge points. In November 2021, Boris Johnson announced the changes, saying it was a “pivotal moment” for the UK in its “green industrial revolution”. READ MORE: Will petrol prices keep rising? UK ‘facing a perfect storm’  Chris Darby, CTO and Co-Founder of ev.energy, praised the new home charge point regulations, saying it would help speed up the switch to EVs. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “It’s awesome to see the Government embracing and enabling EV adoption by legislating for every new residential building to have EV charging. “I agree we’re at a ‘pivotal moment’ to encourage EV uptake in the UK, cementing our position as one of the world leaders in EV adoption. “EV chargers are getting smarter, meaning we can turn the challenge of adding more EVs to the grid, into an opportunity to use more renewable energy, and for greater energy independence. DON'T MISSCost of charging an EV is increasing quicker than price of petrol [INSIGHT]'This is madness': Drivers slam EU for 2035 petrol and diesel car ban [SHOCKING]Is this the end for diesel? Record fuel prices putting drivers off [WARNING]  “However, with the cost of living rising for everyone, especially at the petrol pump, we believe the Government and energy companies should be doing more to talk about the cost-saving benefits of driving EVs associated with smart charging.” Speaking at the time of the COP26 climate conferences, the Prime Minister added that 145,000 charging points will be installed thanks to the new regulations. He continued, saying that the Government’s investment into the net-zero strategy should trigger around £90billion of private sector investment. The Government are believed to have supported the installation of over 250,000 home and workplace charge points to date.  Mr Darby added: “Having access to a home charger is the first step, but having your charging powered by smart technology that can save you money as well, could be the determining factor for going electric.” “Smart charging automatically optimises a car’s charging schedule according to when there is low energy demand on the grid, and energy is therefore cheaper and greener too. “It ensures that EVs charge with the most sustainable and cost-effective fuel and saves drivers up to £250 every year off their energy bills, by charging ‘off-peak’. “Smart charging with the ev.energy app can be even more rewarding for customers too.  “Your car charging can not only be cheaper and greener, but help pay for your weekly shop.” These new building regulations follow the Government’s Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS). This allowed homeowners to install a charging station on their house alongside a Government grant which provided a 75 percent contribution to the cost of one charge point and its installation, up to £350.