Tyson and Paris Fury joined Piers Morgan on his programme on Wednesday to discuss the two-time heavyweight champion’s claim he would return to the ring for half a billion pounds. The boxer had previously told Piers he had retired for good but his wife Paris admitted she wasn’t sure whether she could believe her husband’s announcement. Tyson confirmed: “I’m not going to be fighting any more professional fights I’m finished.” He hinted at the possibility of returning to the ring for exhibition fights. Piers asked Paris: “I know after the Wilder trilogy he vowed he wouldn’t fight again and you believed him and he did then fight again. “After his first fight with Wilder I begged him not to fight again and then he obviously fought on and had the trilogy and fought again in Wembley and he says he’s definitely quitting and he’s finishing on top,” she replied. Read more: Tyson Fury speaks out on moment wife Paris rubbished retirement speech “But there’s a glint in his eye that I see and I just don’t know. “I’d like him to retire everybody in the family is all happy with what he’s done.” “But I just don’t know there’s something in the back of my mind that thinks Tyson is still itching for certain fights,” she continued. “He tells me no and I would love to believe it but I’m just not quite there. “I’m with the rest of the public thinking, ‘Is it true?’” Piers interjected: “Paris this is why I wanted you in the interview because the wives always know. “Tyson if it was just me and you, I would be taking all of this at face value. “But the woman you love who you live with who knows you better than any person alive she sees that glint in your eye and thinks there’s unfinished business.” DON'T MISS‘I’m not frightened of Piers Morgan!’ Denise Welch taunts rival [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan dealt another ratings blow as figures drop [INSIGHT]'You lured me here!' Stanley Johnson walks off Piers Morgan Uncensored [VIDEO] Tyson turned to his wife and asked her if there was any amount of money that would lead her to encourage him to fight again. “Would £100million or £200million change our lives?” Tyson quipped. “Not at all but when have you done what I’ve wanted you to do?” Paris hit back. “Never,” Tyson admitted and his wife added: “He always does what he wants to do.” The WBC heavyweight champion suggested he would return after knocking out Dillian Whyte at Wembley in April to retain his title. Oleksandr Usyk currently holds the four other heavyweight belts. He is set to defend those titles against Anthony Joshua at some point this year. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV on weekdays at 8pm.