Arsenal are ramping up their efforts to sign Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez, as Mikel Arteta bids to boost his backline options. One potential boost for the Gunners is the nickname that the 24-year-old has earned during his time in the Netherlands. Martinez arrived at the Johan Cruyff Arena in 2019 from Argentine Primera División  Defensa y Justicia. He has starred for the Dutch giants ever since, winning two Eredivisie titles and being named the club's Player of the Year last season. His battling performances at the heart of Ajax's defence have also earned him the nickname of 'The Argentine Butcher'. It is a branding that the Copa America winner is fully willing to live up to with his style of play. “In Argentina I never hear that nickname, but I know that the fans here call me that. I like that and see it as a compliment. I never give up and always go into battle full of struggle. That’s how I am," he told Voetbal International last August. READ MORE: Arsenal's Tielemans decision hints at next two signings after Vieira "I play with my heart, with passion, with dedication. I don’t like it when someone shows less commitment. I will always continue to do so. I feel the appreciation and that is nice to notice. The Butcher, El Carnicero, I think is a nice nickname for the supporters of Ajax.” It is a nickname that is sure to delight Gunners fans and Mikel Arteta as he looks to bounce back from the disappointment of missing out on the top four. 'The Butcher' would appear to signal that Martinez has the steel and winning mentality that Arsenal are currently lacking throughout their squad. DON'T MISS: Liverpool's Fabio Vieira links hints at Arsenal chief Edu masterclass (INSIGHT)Arsenal told to to sign star who would 'walk into Man Utd's XI' (ANALYSIS)Fabio Vieira off to perfect start with Arsenal fans (NEWS) According to The Athletic, Arsenal have already made an offer to Ajax for Martinez. The fee the Gunners have put on the table is believed to be in the region of £25.5million, though that has been rejected by Ajax. Playing into their favour though is the fact that Martinez is thought to be keen to move to the Emirates. He can provide cover at both centre-back and at left-back, both of which are areas that Arteta is looking to strengthen.