Sadio Mane didn’t quit Liverpool due to wage demands, according to his PR agent Bacary Cisse. The Senegal international, who helped the Reds win the FA Cup and Carabao Cup during his last campaign at Anfield, brought his six-year spell on Merseyside to an abrupt end last week as he put pen-to-paper on a three-year contract at Bayern Munich. Mane set Bayern back £35million and was handed a lucrative contract in Germany as he headed for the Bundesliga for the first time in his career. Some reports suggest the 30-year-old was earning as little as £100,000-a-week at Liverpool - but Cisse has revealed that figure is wide of the mark. “Those are false rumours,” Cisse told TV5Monde. “We didn't want to talk about that. A player of Sadio's calibre can't be earning the salary that people are speaking about. The numbers circulating are completely wrong. “Sadio was already earning more than that when he joined Liverpool from Southampton. He extended his contract in 2018 and his salary was much higher than the numbers circulating in the media.” READ MORE: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop   Mane became one of the best forwards in world football during his time in England as he helped Liverpool win a string of trophies, including the Champions League, the Club World Cup and the Premier League. And Cisse has revealed that his client’s decision to turn his back on the Reds was motivated by his desire for a fresh challenge. “He won everything with Liverpool and it was time to seek a new challenge elsewhere,” Cisse continued. “Bayern's project was very attractive. Bayern came knocking. Sadio, his German agent Bjorn Bezemer and I had a discussion. Many other very big clubs that I won't name wanted Sadio. But when we saw Bayern's project we said, ‘that's it, we have to go there.’ “The coach [Julian Nagelsmann] and the sporting director of Bayern [Hasan Salihamidzic] travelled personally to Liverpool. There was a very good meeting in Sadio's house and we discussed the contract.” DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting' (NEWS)What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd move (INSIGHT)Cristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links (TRANSERS)      Mane will face competition from the likes of Kingsley Coman and former Premier League duo Leroy Sane and Serge Gnabry for a place in the Bayern team. But Cisse has backed the ace to make an impression at the Allianz Arena. “There was competition in Salzburg, Southampton and Liverpool but Sadio has always managed to prevail,” he added. “Bayern didn't sign Sadio because he's the most beautiful man in the world, but because he's a very consistent player.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 