This morning, fortunate professionals across Britain who had the option of working from home booted up their laptops and went back to their lockdown-era routine of tuning into Zoom meetings. But the same people who kept grocery shops and public services running during the pandemic faced an ordeal getting to work. Ordinary workers who earn far less than the average train driver salary of £59,000 will feel anger and exhaustion, and the RMT is to blame. Going on strike should be a tactic of last resort, and people responsible for essential infrastructure have a moral duty to stay at their posts except in the most exceptional circumstances. Yes, the public want the skills and commitment of railway workers to be rewarded properly, but the RMT is engaged in economic vandalism which will do nothing to protect their livelihoods in the long term. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch railed against a “government of billionaires” and mocked the idea of “Old Etonians who speak Latin and Greek telling us about civil engineering projects”. But such reverse snobbery has no place in modern Britain. The simple fact is that the Government is desperate to keep the economic recovery alive and understands the real threat that inflation poses to families in every community. Strikes across the public and private sector in pursuit of unrealistic pay increases would derail the UK’s journey back to prosperity. The RMT must also avoid the lethal mistake of opposing modernisation and sensible changes in working practices. The country needs affordable and reliable rail services, but the union seems intent on persecuting passengers as part of its distasteful show of strength. Instead of torching goodwill, Mr Lynch and his comrades should display real courage and compromise to ensure the transport network thrives in these cash-strapped times. Princes of the past would have marked their 40th birthdays with lavish banquets. But Prince William yesterday swung by a supermarket to chat with the Big Issue seller he sold copies of the magazine with earlier this month. The true character of a person is revealed in how they choose to spend their time, and the future king’s visit to Dave Martin in London shows just how determined he is to help end homelessness. Today’s Royal Family is a vital force for good and William is taking forward its finest values with the warmth, compassion and humility which won his grandmother the love of the nation.