BBQs are as synonymous with British summer as Pimm's, tennis and t-shirt tans. While hot dogs and burgers remain a mainstay, there are so many things one can cook on the BBQ. Ben Ebbrell, chef and co-founder of YouTube’s Sorted Food gave Express.co.uk his top tips. They range from making sure your BBQ is clean to an ingenious cooking tip to infuse all-important flavour into your meats. Grill prep Ben said: "Start with clean and hot grill. This is perhaps obvious, but this means you avoid any meaty/fishy bits from previous cooks which would spoil the flavours." The pro chef has a genius and easy tip to do this, rather than getting your Marigolds out. "The easiest way to do this is to get your BBQ really hot, then wrap your tongs in foil and use them to rub a raw onion all over the grill. "This acts as a cleaner (disinfects against germs from any raw meat) and removes any meat/fish plus their smells – and it surprisingly it doesn’t make the grill smell or taste of onion!" READ MORE: ‘The most tender meat!’ Best way to cut BBQ meat to ‘lock in the juices’ Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Add herbs to coals Ben said: "To bring extra flavour to your BBQ food add some fresh herbs to the coals or grill. "These will infuse the meat/fish/veg while they are cooking." Hot box it "To keep all the food warm once it has been cooked and you’re waiting for the rest to finish, use a homemade 'hot box'", Ben said. "Take two foil trays and clip them together using pegs, put the food inside it to keep warm. "If you have space you can rest this on the side of your BBQ." Don't forget afters! Ben said: "For a real BBQ showstopper try BBQ-ing a whole piece of fruit such as a pineapple or a watermelon. It makes a great dessert. "Simply wrap the whole fruit in foil and put it on the BBQ 'low and slow' while you eat the main course. "The fruit almost cooks like a joint of ham and caramelises all over. "You can then carve it in junks and serve with alcohol creams or ice cream." Frozen assets Ben said: "Finally for a 'something I made earlier' option, make some alcoholic fruit lollies! "They can be made ahead of the BBQ and brought out for a fun dessert. "We recently made a Cherry and Amaretto Sour with pieces of BBQ’d cherries in it, or Pimm’s lollies with BBQ’d strawberries." A social media survey found 84 percent of Britons prefer meat on their BBQ. Six percent preferred veg and fish respectively and four preferred cheese. Meat suppliers Eat Great Meat found beef is the preferred meat on grills in the UK. This is followed by bacon, salmon, steak and lamb.