Nick Knowles has reflected on his relationships, admitting that his "commitment issues" get in the way of his romances. In an unearthed interview, the DIY SOS host, 59, candidly looked back on his relationships, while analysing why it is that they fall apart after a short period. It comes as the star is set to appear on Saturday Kitchen Live with Matt Tebbutt later this morning. In 2008, the TV star reflected on his past relationships. Nick claimed that his full on work is one of the reasons his romances tend to end. He said: "My relationships have pretty much followed a pattern. "They last six months and start off with me explaining that I work a lot, so will have commitment issues. READ MORE: Gardeners' World's Monty Don deals with 'emergency' at Longmeadow “The women involved agree that that is fine, then after a month I get a phone call saying, 'This isn't on,'" he said. The star explained: "After three months, we split up, then get back together. "After five, there's another tussle. At six, it's all off.” The star is currently dating Katie Dadzie, who is 28 years younger than him, after meeting her at his son Eddie’s playgroup. Most recently, the duo were pictured looking loved-up at the Chelsea Flower Show in May. It came days after Nick was forced to defend his girlfriend from social media trolls last month, after several people criticised their age gap romance. The couple were all smiles as they posed at the VIP event, with Nick donning a light blue suit jacket with pinstripes and Katie opted for a summery maxi dress. Nick and Katie went public with their relationship last year, but the DIY star was forced to speak out about his girlfriend last month to defend her after trolls branded her a “gold digger” on social media due to their age difference. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman warns she'll 'mud wrestle' Susanna Reid over co-star [INSIGHT]'Exciting' Richard Osman's sweet response when grilled about fiancée [ANALYSIS]Lorraine Kelly, 62, causes stir as she unveils secret procedure [UPDATE] Explaining why the comments about Katie had riled him up so much last month, Nick told The Sun: “I choose to be on TV. As a result, I expect the whole nine yards. “I am up there as an object. I’ve chosen to be on TV but my children, or my family, or people I date, for them I feel it’s unfair to have a go at them.” He also told his Twitter followers at the time: “I’m raging. The woman I was out to dinner with when we were papped is 32, has degrees in two subjects, runs 3 businesses, is a mother of 2, is wealthier & more successful than me & is intelligent & independent unlike the abusive trolls attacking her. What happened to #bekind?” Nick Knowles previously told how he "regretted blindsiding" his wife of four years, Jessica Rose Moor, who he shares seven-year-old son Eddie with, with a divorce in 2016. While finalising their divorce, Nick told HELLO!: “We've tried several times to get back together, but no matter how much you love someone, if you’ve burned some bridges, it's very difficult to rebuild them. “I'm at a stage now where, if Jess found somebody who looked after her and made her happy, I'd be happy for her." However, Jessica told the publication she had been “blindsided”, but Nick added that he “wanted the best” for his ex-wife, adding that it “hurt” that their romance didn’t work out. Eventually, he admitted he wished he had done things differently. "I'll hold my hands up and say I got some things wrong, but I’ll never stop caring for Jessica," he said. Saturday Kitchen Live is on this morning at 10am on BBC One.