With the cost of living increasing household budgets are coming under increased strain and many people are having to tighten their belts on not only the weekly supermarket shop but also other regular outgoings and fitness activities. But what if people could continue to commit to their healthy lifestyle without it costing a fortune? Clinical nutritionist Suzie Sawyer from Alive! shared some fitness tips that won't break the bank, allowing people to enjoy their exercise without added stress. In a new study conducted by supplement company Alive! showed that more than one-third (28.9 percent) of UK adults do at least 30 minutes of physical exercise five or more days per week, whereas 15.8 percent never do 30 minutes of physical exercise on a weekly basis. 15.8 percent never do 30 minutes of physical exercise on a weekly basis. While lifestyle factors were taken into account, Suzie revealed how we can keep fit for less. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Sometimes overlooked as a form of exercise, walking briskly can help you build stamina, burn excess calories, and make your heart healthier. "You do not have to walk for hours, a brisk 10-minute daily walk has lots of health benefits and counts towards your recommended 150 minutes of weekly exercise," Suzie said. "It’s also a great way to top up your vitamin D levels." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] While exercise burns calories, Suzie warns the reality is "slightly more complex". "Metabolic syndrome is a term which includes risk factors for heart disease, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and high blood pressure. "At its root is generally high blood sugar and insulin caused by being overweight," she explained. "Research suggests that these markers can be mitigated by aerobic exercise such as running, brisk walking and cycling." Walking or doing some other form of exercise 30 minutes after a meal regulates blood glucose, reducing the insulin spike and the likelihood of fat storage. Suzie added: "Exercise, even at low intensity is great for your metabolic health. "Like walking, running is another way to get fit on the cheap. "Skip the expensive home Peloton and lace up your trainers and head outside. "You can run anywhere, including around your home and office vicinity, on local footpaths, and even on holiday." She recommended beginner runners to start doing the ‘Couch to 5K’ programme or search for local running groups on social media that welcome new members of all abilities.