Mars and Chiron form a conjunction today, sparking a sense of mission for the days to come. Yesterday’s urge to release suppressed energies will continue for a little longer, leaving us feeling fearless and inspired. Looking ahead to a new stage of the lunar cycle is the perfect time to leave behind unwanted stress and focus on the prospects of the future. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 15. The Strawberry Super Moon has come and gone, but the lasting impact will continue for the next two weeks. Pent-up emotion bubbling under the surface will be forced out between today and June 20, when the Full Moon phase transitions into the Last Quarter. Cafe Astrology said: “This Full Moon is about communication, attitude, and sense of adventure. “Something has been building inside of us, and now is the time when the energy of the cosmos fairly demands that we let it out.” READ MORE: How to cool down a hot room without air conditioning Discovering what this new phase means for us will make it hard to sit on our feelings, so don’t hold back when it comes to communicating how you feel. A mix of emotions will be felt today, with the early Venus-Jupiter semi-square stirring restlessness from the offset of the morning. Feelings of restlessness should not be mistaken as a negative, in fact, it could really just be the urge to embark on a new adventure coming to light. This is apparent in the Mars-Chiron conjunction, which today, “connects us with a mission”. Courage and assertiveness will encourage “warrior instincts” in all signs today, though Astro Sofa warns that these should be used wisely. While using your initiative is rewarded by this conjunction, one must always be careful not to overdo things when Mars is a key player. Take care not to act rashly, or without consideration for others - it could highlight selfish Mars traits and compromise your success. Mars and Chiron could also make warm-heartedness and caring noticeable in us, all the more so in those who have already learned to deal with Mars in the right way. DON'T MISS:Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy snubs dad as she wows with transformation [INSIGHT]Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree speak out on staffing ‘concern’ [LATEST]What is a Supermoon? All you need to know about June's Strawberry Moon [ANALYSIS] Cafe Astrology said: “We may have the opportunity to take the lead or take action regarding matters that lead to healing, cleansing, or guiding. “It can be a time of a release of suppressed energies. With this dynamic transit, we’re ready to address problem areas.” “We might take steps to boost our self-confidence, body image, and our relationship with our independence.” What does the Mars-Chiron conjunction mean?Courage and assertiveness will encourage “warrior instincts” in all signs today, though Astro Sofa warns that these should be used wisely.While using your initiative is rewarded by this conjunction, one must always be careful not to overdo things when Mars is a key player.Take care not to act rashly, or without consideration for others - it could highlight selfish Mars traits and compromise your success.Mars and Chiron could also make warm-heartedness and caring noticeable in us, all the more so in those who have already learned to deal with Mars in the right way.  Later in the day, we head toward a Sun-Saturn trine, making us more readily willing to draw upon self-discipline. A real sense of strength, self-assurance and pride in our ability to fulfil individual responsibilities could make this a productive time. This calming transit will establish a more grounded and stable feeling in a time that can feel unpredictable with such heightened emotions and urges. The key to success today is to be acutely aware of our own limitations while looking ahead to our future goals and obligations - influenced by the Moon in Capricorn.