Mrs Hinch rose to fame on Instagram after she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. With more than four million followers, fans of the social media sensation now share their own advice on dedicated pages, including how to descale a kettle. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Kelly Nicholls wrote: “What is the best way to remove limescale from a kettle?” Scaling in kettles is caused by hard water, where calcium and magnesium are dissolved in water. As a kettle boils, calcium carbonate forms from the water which spreads across the base of the appliance. This turns into limescale which can be quite hard to remove. READ MORE: How to cool down a hot room without air conditioning It is recommended that a kettle is cleaned every few months to avoid a stubborn build-up. Taking to the comments, Reena Richards said: “Use lemon juice. “Let it sit in some water in the kettle for about an hour and then boil.” Lillian Hinton said: “Neat lemon juice works.” DON'T MISS:Plants: Three jobs to ‘avoid’ doing during a heatwave [COMMENT]Hanging baskets: Watering hack to ensure they don't dry out [EXPERT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £2k to boost value by £24k [VIDEO] Lea Stubbs wrote: “Lemon juice, boil the kettle a couple of times, use it on mine and it’s sparkling and I only use concentrate. “I use concentrated because I have a glass kettle and it drives me insane when I can see the limescale inside.” Joe Lindley commented: “Lemon juice works brilliantly and so cheap too.” The acidity of lemon juice helps to dissolve hard water minerals. What’s more, it can leave a lovely fresh scent in the kitchen. Lemons can be picked up for as little as 19p each. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using white vinegar. Sinead Charles said: “Use white vinegar. Use half water and hall vinegar, boil it and leave for 15 minutes. “Then pour it out and reboil the kettle to make sure it is ready to use.” Wendy Tonks said: “White vinegar left for an hour leaves my kettle sparkling.” Like lemons, the acidity of vinegar helps to dislodge the gunk left at the bottom of a kettle. Other group members recommended purchasing a descaler product from supermarkets.