 The RMT union chief was grilled by Piers Morgan over his plans for 50,000 Network Rail workers and 13 train operations to strike later this month. Piers warned Mick he would "cause complete mayhem for the British public" before clashing with the unionist over his salary. Mick clapped back at the broadcaster when Piers demanded to know his annual salary.   During the heated interview, Piers told viewers Mick reportedly earns £124,000 a year and stressed how large the figure was. Mick shook his head as he stated he did not earn that figure, then told Piers his salary is £84,000. "The total package includes National Insurance, tax and pension contributions," the union leader added. However, Piers snapped back: "Everyone's package includes that, what are you talking about?" READ MORE: America’s Got Talent viewers rocked by 10-year-old’s metal audition Appearing irritated by Piers' questions, Mick erupted at the former Good Morning Britain host: "Well what's your pay package then?" Piers swerved the question and replied: "Well, I would hope it is more than yours." Unimpressed by Piers' response, Mick fumed: "Why don't you tell everyone what you earn as you are asking me what I earn." Piers clapped back: "I'll tell you why, it's because I am not leading out my members on a strike which is going to cause huge inconvenience to the British people."   Mick claimed the majority of union members involved in the dispute earn between £25,000 and £31,000 but Piers claimed many train drivers earn more than £50,000 a year. The pair continued to speak over each other as the argument about rail strikes escalated. "A lot of your workers earn good money," Piers fumed at Mick. "My point is, at a time of economic crisis when people are literally struggling to feed their kids and food bank queues are getting bigger, is this the right time for you to be holding the country to ransom for an 11 percent pay rise?" Mick disagreed with Piers' remark about holding the nation to ransom and kept being interrupted by the TalkTV broadcaster. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan reignites Twitter spat with 'enraged' Amber Heard [LATEST]Tyson Fury promises to give Piers Morgan £1million if he returns [INTERVIEW]Piers Morgan 'claimed to be a big fan' of activist he blocked [MUST SEE]   "Are you going to let me answer the question?" Mick asked Piers. "We have not asked anyone in this dispute for an 11 percent pay rise." Piers then turned the conversation back toward Mick's personal finances and asked him whether he was a millionaire, telling him: "You earn a shed load of cash." However Mick stated: "I am not a millionaire, no I am not. I spent 38 years as an electrician as a railway worker before this." He added: "I didn't say there were too many rich people Piers, what I did say is there have never been so many rich people."  Mick has insisted he did not want to hit the British economy despite experts estimating each day of rail strikes will cost the nation up to £50 million in lost productivity and sales. The RMT is planning to strike on June 21, 23 and 25, and has warned they will continue to strike if the dispute over pay is not resolved. Health Secretary Sajid Javid has recently called on the unions to call off their action. Piers Morgan Uncensored continues on weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.