Many banks and building societies have updated their interest rates. It's a decision which has both uplifted savers but thrown borrowers’ budgets upside down. Ford Money has updated their interest rates across three fixed savings accounts, offering Britons as much as 2.60 percent.  Fixed savers accounts generally offer higher interest rates than their easy access counterparts. This is usually due to the fixed aspect of the account, which both ensures Britons cannot access their money for the full term and that banks cannot change the interest rate. Ford Money has uplifted the following accounts:   1619886     All of the accounts have risen by 0.15 percent at the end of May. The one year fix account has risen from 2.15 percent to 2.30 percent. At this rate, savers putting aside £1,000 into the account will get £23 of interest at the end of the year. The two year fix has increased from 2.35 percent to 2.50 percent.  Finally, the three year fixed account has gone from 2.45 percent to 2.60 percent. Additionally, the interest can be paid monthly or annually for all three accounts. A Ford Money spokesperson noted that this uplift was part of Ford Money’s routine reviews of their offerings. They commented: “We hope that by increasing the rates on our Fixed Saver One, Two and Three Year products, we are providing savers with a better rate for their money.  “All changes at Ford Money are made to ensure we’re offering customers the most appropriate and competitive accounts possible at any given time in the market.” All three accounts have the same minimum deposit and maximum balance of £500 and £2million respectively. Savers can open multiple accounts but should be wary that their combined savings across all accounts are subject to a maximum overall balance. When a saver opens the account, they have 14 days to make unlimited deposits into the account.  Once this period ends, savers cannot deposit or withdraw money from the account. Savers can close their account within 14 days of opening it without any charge and the interest and balance will be repaid in full. Because of these clauses intertwined with fixed accounts, savers are generally directed not to use this type of account if they may need to access the money before the end of the account term. Alternatively, Britons who may require simpler access to their money could use easy or instant access accounts instead.