Sally was fighting back tears as she told the BBC’s Dirty Rotten Scammers today how she was left “distraught” after scammers stole the money that her parents worked so hard for. In a sophisticated scam, fraudsters intercepted her emails and pretended to be her solicitors. Scams have skyrocketed during the pandemic with fraudsters becoming more sophisticated finding new ways to swindle people out of their hard earned cash. That was certainly the case for Sally who recently lost more than £97,000 in cash to scammers. The sum of money had been left to her and her family by her mum and dad when they passed away. She decided to invest her inheritance in property in memory of her dad who loved a project. READ MORE: Virgin Money increases savings rate to 1.56 percent for all customer Sally found a property she’d set her heart on and instructed her solicitors to take care of the purchase. She’d dealt with the solicitors for a number of years so didn’t think twice about instructing them to act on her behalf. When she received an email from them asking her to transfer the money, she went ahead. Because it was such a significant sum she had to make it in two separate transactions. DON'T MISSState pensioners may get extra £92 per week for hearing loss [UPDATE]Woman shares way pensioners can make hundreds of pounds extra monthly [INSIGHT]State pension may hit £10,600 yet old state pension will pay just £8k [ALERT] However, what Sally didn’t know at the time was that her details had been compromised and it was in fact fraudsters masquerading as her solicitors. A few days later the bank rang her to question the payments she’d made that added up to just over £97,000. It was only when she rang her solicitors to ask if they’d requested payment that she realised she’d been scammed. Fighting back tears, Sally said: “I was distraught." She continued: “The fact of the matter was it was my mum and dad’s money and they worked very hard. “It was a very dark place I don’t want to go back to. “I don’t trust anybody anymore because I don’t trust myself.” Sally fought with her solicitors for the next year and eventually received a settlement of £55,000. However, Sally and her family have still been left with the scars and lost almost half of their inheritance money. More than £25million was lost to scams between January 1, 2021 and March 31, 2022. People can report a scam or suspicious message to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040. Dirty Rotten Scammers continues tomorrow at 10am on BBC One. 