We have seen posts advertised for Equality, Diversity and Inclusivity managers, consultants and grimly named 'Cultural Change' officers at the HMRC, BBC, the Metropolitan police, numerous local councils and many other public institutions. It amounts to a sudden, and almost revolutionary, overhaul of how we allocate resources within our public services and bodies. Furthermore, and almost in tandem, we have seen monthly, if not weekly, headlines about how various British public organisations are institutionally or systemically racist. Very little attention is seemingly paid to the methodology. The conclusion is unquestioningly accepted and trumpeted. In our current oppressive, fault-finding climate, to do otherwise would cause one to stand accused of racism or even be hounded out of a job. The latest institution that is being compelled to bend the knee, confess to institutional racism and submit to ever more comprehensive overhauls is the NHS, and leading the inquisition is the British Medical Association. Interim findings from BMA’s Racism in Medicine survey were released in February, with the BBC given exclusive first sight of the full report this month. The NHS employs somewhere in the region of 1.4 million employees. Based on just over 2000 responses, this particular survey concluded that racism in the medical profession is endemic. According to the BMA report, the NHS risks losing ethnic minority staff due to “intolerable” levels of racism. The BMA report cites “institutional barriers” to career progression for ethnic minority staff as part of what it calls “systemic failure”. This is code for ‘we are bringing in self-appointed race experts'. According to the race and inclusion experts leading the charge, this is NHS money well spent. But is it the way forward for an organisation struggling to meet the demands of an ever-growing as well as ageing population? Don’t these racialised approaches risk undermining what the NHS actually is? What exactly is being called for here? That, in order to treat ethnic minority NHS staff equally, the NHS has to treat them differently? We cannot and must not have an NHS that views and treats black doctors differently to white doctors any more than we can have an NHS that treats black patients differently to white patients. The report, or rather the parts available for public reading, raises more questions than it answers. For instance, does the report catalogue instances of abuse by department and occupation? A neurosurgeon is likely to have a very different day at the office to a junior nurse working the Friday night shift at an inner city A&E department, whatever their colour or ethnicity. Does the report take into account other contributing factors such as vulnerable patients or those suffering from a terminal illness? Were any of the patients inebriated, struggling with mental health issues or suffering from dementia? Were the people involved relatives of patients receiving end of life care? Were working conditions looked at? What about pressure to perform, working long hours, busy shifts or even perhaps the staff in question facing their own personal bad news? Was the race of those committing the abuse considered in the BMA report or does the BMA expect us all to passively accept that abusers are always white and victims of racial abuse always non-white? I know from personal experience that no one colour has a monopoly when it comes to racial abuse. Every race, colour, creed and religion is capable of dishing it out. No one will deny that being on the receiving end of racial abuse at work is appalling and hurtful, but we have to look at the whole picture, at what is happening on NHS departments and why. NHS staff are not your average workers nor are they working in normal situations. Like members of the armed forces, police and fire service, we are talking about extraordinary people working in extraordinary circumstances. The degree of abuse they may experience while at work, along with the courage and dedication demanded of the job is certainly not readily comparable to, or representative of, other walks of life or the UK as a whole. The BMA report claims that 60 percent of Asian doctors and 57 percent of black doctors ‘see’ racism as a professional barrier. But does that mean it is? We cannot simply radically alter public policy on the basis of what people might feel to be true. Any report making sweeping claims about the racist nature of entire institutions like the NHS, should have robust and fit for purpose methodology that is available for, and stands up to, independent scrutiny. The perception of certain nebulous ‘barriers’ is not reason enough to allocate limited NHS resources to ‘unconscious bias’ and ‘white privilege' training when they might be better spent on things that benefit patients and staff in concrete, meaningful and measurable ways. Many NHS employees work as part of ethnically diverse teams from different backgrounds, faiths and outlooks and who all come together to look after those under their care. I have worked with, and my family and I have received excellent care from, countless brilliant, dedicated, selfless, hard-working NHS employees. This report dismisses, in one stroke, all the good they have done, the long hours worked in high stress environments and the sacrifices they have made, all because of colour. We cannot just keep accepting, without question, report after report of systemic racism and be expected to sit quietly by while recommendations are made, and sweeping changes implemented, without dissecting the findings and examining the results under a microscope. Anecdotes are not objective.   When working, I always thought being asked where I was from was nothing more than genuine interest and part and parcel of a friendly conversation between colleagues. Today's EDI directives would have me believe I was a victim of micro-aggression. We should not allow those on the EDI gravy train to determine what the problems in the NHS are and how resources should be allocated in relation to them. The NHS is far too important for that. Before we turn the NHS from an institution focused on equal treatment to an institution dividing its staff and patients into hierarchies of explicitly ranked race and identity groups, we had better make absolutely sure that the problems we are hoping to address are real, and that the approaches proposed are actually going to make them better rather than worse. The NHS is supposed to be colour blind, and we should ensure that it stays that way. It has a dedicated workforce looking after people at their most vulnerable. Dividing the NHS along racial lines may lead to division and risks undoing decades of trust and good work between colleagues. We cannot just do what is best for the EDI consultants and self-appointed anti-racism experts pitching for lucrative NHS contracts. We are talking about finite NHS resources. Public money earmarked for health, care, treatment and salaries. The NHS has to be better for everyone, whatever their colour. Becoming divided because of it seems rather a lot like letting the racists, and EDI consultants, win. Let's leave imported American racial identity politics out of our NHS. Christina Sheila Jordan is a Malaysian-born British politician who also worked as an NHS nurse. She served as a Brexit Party MEP for South West England from 2019 to 2020. She is a member of campaign group Don't Divide Us.  