Brexit led to profound changes in Britain's relationship with the rest of the world but none were more pressing than in Northern Ireland. The country shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland - an EU member - and has caused a headache for the Government over its trading arrangements. While the UK had agreed to a deal, this agreement has proved unworkable and Boris Johnson's latest bid to change the arrangement would effectively tear up parts of the Northern Ireland Protocol. He said this week: "What we are trying to do is fix something that I think is very important to our country, which is the balance of the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement. "You have got one tradition, one community, that feels that things really aren't working in a way that they like or understand, you've got unnecessary barriers to trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. All we are saying is you can get rid of those whilst not in any way endangering the EU single market." The Prime Minister claimed the proposed legislation, which gives ministers powers to override parts of the post-Brexit deal on Northern Ireland, could be carried out "fairly rapidly", with the proposals in law by the end of the year. But his plans are controversial, with Theresa May tonight delivering a withering assessment of the legality and impact of the Bill. The former No 10 resident made clear she would not support the legislation and warned it will "diminish" the UK's global standing, something other critics have echoed. So how did MPs vote tonight, and what happens next? READ MORE: Brexit denial: Remainers STILL want to drag UK back into the bloc Members of Parliament have been debating the proposed changes in the House of Commons since 2.30pm today and at 10.15pm, the Bill passed its first hurdle in Parliament with 295 votes to 221, a majority of 74, meaning it will progress to a second reading. However, the House of Lords is expected to contest parts of the Bill, setting up a lengthy showdown between the two Houses. While many MPs who abstained in tonight's vote could be seeking amendments to the proposals, which could further delay the plan. The vote is expected to see the UK’s relationship with the EU become further strained. EU Ambassador to the UK, Joao Vale de Almeida, said on Sunday that the government’s plans are “illegal” in an indication the bloc will pursue its challenge. But in Northern Ireland, the passing of the Bill brings hope of a return to the assembly and governance in the country, as the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) continue to refuse to return to the powersharing Executive at Stormont until a solution to the protocol is found. DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson conceded that the current Bill is not perfect but said: "It empowers ministers to make change where change is necessary to ensure the proper functioning of the UK internal market." There's a long road ahead but a Number 10 spokesman said the Government had never put a "hard target date" on when it would hope to see the Bill enacted, so it seems Mr Johnson is prepared for a long and hard fight ahead. David Davis slaps down Justin Webb's Brexit jibe [REACTION]Fury at Rishi as Britain risks faster growth than Germany [INSIGHT]‘Absolute rubbish’ Passengers rage as travel chaos blamed on Brexit [ANALYSIS] Special trading arrangements were agreed between the UK and EU after Brexit which means goods going from the island of Great Britain to Northern Ireland are checked against EU rules. It was agreed that handling the checks on the Northern Ireland-EU border would be too controversial due to the history of violence in the region. But now the Government wants to rip up some of the agreement, including checks on goods and animal and plant products travelling from Great Britain to Northern Ireland. Brussels said the UK’s proposed changes to the Northern Ireland Protocol are a "breach of international law" and has launched legal action against the UK in response to the proposed changes. Boris Johnson said earlier today that the agreement needs to be fixed and trade barriers removed between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. He told reporters at the G7 Summit in Germany: "What we are trying to do is fix something that I think is very important to our country, which is the balance of the Belfast Good Friday Agreement. "You have got one tradition, one community, that feels that things really aren't working in a way that they like or understand, you've got unnecessary barriers to trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland.” He added that the changes could be made very quickly if Parliament is willing to back them. Ian Paisley, an MP in Northern Ireland’s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), said in the debate today that the Protocol is a “nightmare for trade” due to the amount of bureaucracy involved, stating: “It is right and proper that the Government takes action this evening.” Stormont - the Northern Ireland assembly - is not functioning right now because the DUP abstained at the election of the speaker due to the Protocol. The DUP won the most seats in Northern Ireland in the 2019 general election with eight constituencies compared to Sinn Fein’s seven.