In the last season of Channel 5’s All Creatures Great and Small, viewers finally got to see James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) pluck up the courage to ask Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton) to marry him. Looking ahead to series three, which is set to air later on in the year, Nicholas has revealed what he hopes is in store for the two love birds. Fans of All Creatures Great and Small witnessed the romance between James and Helen unfold in series two. Their relationship started after he admitted his feelings for her when she left Hugh Hulton (Matthew Lewis) at the altar in the first Christmas special. The veterinarian even turned down a prestigious role in Glasgow so that he could stay in Darrowby with her. Finally plucking up the courage to propose, the couple were overjoyed as she immediately said yes. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small star calls out 'annoying' wedding leak With exclusive sneak peek photos from series three, fans can see the couple hand-in-hand beaming at one another kitted out in full wedding attire. Actor Nicholas is hoping the happiness continues while his character James builds his reputation as a professional vet in Yorkshire. In an interview with Masterpiece, the actor said: “My hopes for James in season three? “If we look back at the end of season one he’s quite heartbroken and at the end of this season he’s now engaged so let’s hope it carries on in that directory that we see more good times for James and Helen.   "I think professionally the next steps would be a partner but that could be a little while off as well but I just hope we see him continue to develop.” Helen star Rachel also gave her thoughts on what she hopes will happen in the upcoming series as she describes it as a “completely new chapter” for the character. She said: “I’ve got a lot of hopes for Helen in season three. It’s a new chapter, a completely new chapter. “We know she’ll be making a life with James, she'll be moving from Heston Grange where she’s lived all her life to Skeldale, it’s huge.” DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton was 'scared' of co-star [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Does Mrs Hall marry Siegfried? [EXPLAINER]All Creatures Great and Small theory: Siegfried and Mrs Hall romance  [THEORY] She continued: “I think it’ll be tricky at first, I think there will be some adjusting. We might even see a different side to her that we haven’t seen before “We might even see a freer version, we’ve seen glimpses of it, we see that with James. “But, my hope is we get to see even more of that and even more fun because she’s stepped away a little bit.” Writer and executive producer Ben Vanstone added that at the end of season two viewers got to see all of the characters in the show looking forward to changes in their lives which fans will get to see more of in series three. Mrs Hall star Anna Madeley also revealed she hopes her character reconciles with her son, Edward. She said: “I hope she’s able to reconcile with her son, I think that would be a wonderful thing, especially given the prospect of the political situation in the world. “There are some frightening things on the horizon but I think life is good and is opening up for her. “I hope she makes some great decisions regarding her heart. The future carries both darkness and light.” All Creatures Great and Small season 3 will air later in 2022.  