Sharon Stone, 64, discussed her loss underneath an Instagram post by People, where Dancing With The Stars performer Peta Murgatroyd opened up about losing a pregnancy with her husband Maks Chmerkovskiy.  Since her miscarriage heartbreak, Sharon has adopted three sons, Roan, 22, Laird, 16, and Quinn, 15. Opening up about her own experience with pregnancy loss, Sharon wrote: "We, as females don’t have a forum to discuss the profundity of this loss. I lost nine children by miscarriage." "It is no small thing, physically nor emotionally," the star - who has three sons through adoption - went on. "Yet we are made to feel it is something to bear alone and secretly with some kind of sense of failure. “Instead of receiving the much-needed compassion and empathy and healing which we so need. READ MORE: Mick Jagger reunites with The Rolling Stones amid health woes “Female health and wellness left to the care of the male ideology has become lax at best, ignorant in fact, and violently oppressive in effort,” she wrote, wrapping up her message. The Basic Instinct actress has previously explained how she went through “36 hours of labour alone” after losing a baby at five and a half months pregnant. The revelation came after Murgatroyd, 35, spoke about her recent loss, and how she found out she lost her pregnancy while her husband Maks, 42, was away in Ukraine. This isn't the first time the movie icon has opened up about the painful subject, as just last year Stone candidly reflected on her miscarriages and praised the “global sisterhood” for now speaking out about “issues of loss and heartache”  The star explained that nurses stayed with her during those 36 hours, and she felt a "strong sense of understanding". Speaking about her own experiences after the publication of her autobiography, The Beauty of Living Twice, Sharon said she felt a "strong sense of sisterhood" from the nurses helping her through a "five and a half month miscarriage" during a Radio 4 Women's Hour and BBC Sounds interview. She said: “It's a devastating experience and I have to say I was really grateful to Chrissy Teigen for allowing us to publicly share what she went through. “When I lost my last baby, and then went back to the hospital and had 36 hours of labour on my own to, of course, birth nothing - and the nurses that had been in the hospital with me two days before when they removed the last baby came in and sat with me on their day off. DONT MISS:Adele fans rage at singer as she announces new gig 'What about Vegas' (PHOTOS)Victoria Beckham admits she's happy to go braless at 48 (NEWS)Naomi Campbell, 52, puts on risqué braless display in unbuttoned shirt (LATEST) "I really felt such a strong sense of sisterhood and understanding. Because I would have been alone. And that's such an alone feeling anyway." The actress went on to praise Vanessa Kirby, who portrayed character Martha who lost her baby in a tragic home birth in Netflix film Pieces of a Woman, saying: "I was so grateful to Vanessa Kirby for making Pieces of a Woman. "I think we're finally reaching a point in our global sisterhood, where we speak to the issues of loss and heartache and rape and brutalisation and all of the things that happened to us and to our bodies, and that our minds and heart have to go through and we're not carrying the water anymore. "We are not carrying shame that doesn't belong to us. “We are letting it out," she stated. Sharon had several miscarriages during her marriage to ex-husband Phil Bronstein - whom she was with from 1998 until their divorce in 2004 - and told Women's Hour she has a "lupus-related rheumatoid factor" that made it difficult for her to carry a pregnancy to term. The star has previously revealed to AARP that she was approved to adopt her first son Roan, who was born in 2000, while on the way home from having a miscarriage.