Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal remain the favourites to win the men's singles title, but the pair were far from their best in wins over Soonwoo Kwon and Francisco Cerundolo respectively. Better will be expected from the both of them in the next rounds and they may well meet in another major final. But Kwon and Cerundolo both proved that the two tennis icons can at least be tested by unseeded players. It wasn't only Djokovic and Nadal who struggled in their opening match though with Stefanos Tsitsipas also needing four sets to beat qualifier Alexander Ritschard. Other top seeds such as Felix Auger-Aliassime and Hubert Hurkacz suffered surprise defeats while Matteo Berrettini and Marin Cilic withdrew after testing positive for Covid. On paper, it looks straight forward for Djokovic to meet Nadal in the Wimbledon final on July 10. However, the first-round matches certainly hint at a possible shift in the men's game not seen since 2001. There have only been five different men's champions at Wimbledon in the past 21 years with Roger Federer the most successful with an incredible eight titles. JUST IN: Dan Evans knocked out of Wimbledon as seventh Brit to suffer defeat  Novak Djokovic is now closing in having dominated the tournament the past few years while Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal have two apiece. Lleyton Hewitt's win in 2002 set a trend at Wimbledon where players seeded fourth or higher have gone on to win the major. Goran Ivanisevic's incredible win as a wildcard entry in 2001 saw him become the first male tennis star since Boris Becker in 1985 to win as an unseeded player. The dominance of Federer, Nadal and Djokovic over the years since then have largely played into that record since. DON'T MISS  But Federer is still yet to return from his injury and will be 41 years of age for the 2023 tournament. Nadal and Djokovic remain on top of the men's game, with the former winning both majors this year so far, but their performances in the opening round left plenty to be desired. Casper Ruud and Tsitsipas are the only other players capable of keeping the current run going but there will be plenty of players looking at the draw and fancying their chances. The likes of Nick Kyrgios, Murray and Alejandro Davidoch Fokina may well fancy their chances as an unseeded player. But then there are players like Cam Norrie, Carlos Alcaraz and Jannik Sinner who are still inexperienced in the latter stages of majors and could spring a surprise. Nadal and Djokovic will improve, but their first-round displays will certainly act as motivation to their upcoming opponents.