Sevilla defender Jules Kounde has reportedly been given a specific request from Chelsea’s new owner Todd Boehly after the American businessman completed his acquisition of the club on Monday. The Frenchman has been asked by Boehly to ignore proposals from other clubs amid the Blues’ pursuit of Kounde. Kounde will have seen his team-mate Diego Carlos complete a move to Aston Villa, a move which ABC de Sevilla claim the club expected but did not think would materialise before the French international’s move to Chelsea. After Boehly finalised his takeover of Chelsea, the Seville local media site said he asked Kounde for "serenity" and to "avoid listening to proposals" from other clubs, as the Blues aim to make him their first summer signing. Chelsea have held a long-standing interest in the Frenchman, going back to the previous summer when they were in talks with the Spanish club but Sevilla would not budge from Kounde’s release clause. Chelsea now believe they can sign Kounde for a lower fee, but they also were of the opinion they could sign him in 2021 for a fee just below £50million, before Sevilla then requested that they meet his £67million release clause instead. Kounde could be the first signing of the Boehly era, and a welcome one as Chelsea may need to rebuild their defence next season. Antonio Rudiger has already confirmed a move to Real Madrid on a free transfer, while Andreas Christensen is also expected to follow him to Spain with Barcelona. Club captain Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have also been linked with moves to La Liga. If all four exit Stamford Bridge it would leave Thiago Silva, Trevoh Chalobah and Malang Sarr as the club’s only recognised centre-backs, though the Brazilian defender may have given Boehly a hint as to who his preferred defensive partner would be next season as he liked an Instagram post linking Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly to Chelsea. Kounde played every minute of Sevilla’s Europa League campaign this season, along with 32 La Liga and five Champions League appearances, as the Spanish side were knocked out of the group stage in the Champions League and then by West Ham in the last 16 of the Europa League. He has also made nine appearances for France, and was part of Didier Deschamps’ side at Euro 2020. It is set to be a busy summer at Chelsea now that they can conduct transfer business again, which could see Romelu Lukaku leave after a disappointing season. The Belgian striker, who only moved back to Stamford Bridge last summer for a fee of £97.5million, could yet move back to Inter Milan.