From the stands on The Mall, the Duchess of Cambridge was spotted mouthing the chorus to the infamous Queen song while dancing. She threw her shoulders back and smiled with glee as the band sped through a rendition of several of their hits. Kate was sitting alongside her husband Prince William and her two children for the Party at the Palace.    In a day of musical fun, the Cambridge’s returned to Cardiff to partake of the main event of today at Buckingham Palace. The family had just been on a tour in Wales in honour of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebrations. Diana Ross will be headlining the event today, with Prince Charles and Prince William expected to make speeches for the Queen. Alongside Queen and Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Hans Zimmer and Eurovision 2022 runner-up Sam Ryder are among the celebrity acts preparing to entertain a live crowd of 22,000 people and a television audience of millions.   The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Cardiff Castle earlier today with two of their children. William and Kate, alongside Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, seven, were in the Welsh capital ahead of a performance in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The concert in the castle's grounds will include performances from Welsh singers Bonnie Tyler and Aled Jones. The visit is one of a number members of the royal household are carrying out across the nations of the United Kingdom to mark the Jubilee. READ MORE: Sophie looks elegant in stunning outfit at Jubilee party at the palace [REVEAL]  And the Queen delighted millions of viewers by appearing in a surprise comic sketch pwith Paddington Bear to kick-start the Jubilee concert. The monarch and the famous bear - both much loved British institutions - tapped out the beat of the We Will Rock You anthem together on china teacups using silver spoons as a unique way of getting the celebrations under way. With the special, secretly-pre-recorded humorous two-and-a-half-minute sequence played at the start of the televised BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace, the unlikely duo set the rhythm for opening act Queen + Adam Lambert - who joined in on the main stage. Elizabeth II and the digitally animated character met for a chaotic cream tea at 'Buckingham Palace' in the footage, with the Queen revealing she shares Paddington's love of marmalade sandwiches and keeps an emergency stash in her trademark handbag. DON'T MISS: Queen: Adam Lambert heartfelt declaration about 'replacing' Freddie [REPORT]'You are more than platinum' Dolly Parton leads tributes to Queen [REVEAL]Queen shocks fans in brilliant Paddington skit  [REPORT]   The duffle-coat wearing bear showed the Queen how he ensured he always had his favourite treat on him just in case, lifting up his red hat to reveal his snack. The Queen responded by revealing "So do I" before opening her bag and declaring "I keep mine in here" to show her very own ready-made supply of the bread and orange preserve staple. Accident-prone Paddington was shown causing mayhem by accidentally depriving the understanding sovereign of another cup of tea and spraying cream from a chocolate eclair over a Palace Footman. The bear from deepest darkest Peru congratulated the Queen on her reign of 70 years, saying: "Happy Jubilee Ma'am. And thank you. For everything." The modest Queen replied: "That's very kind."   