Jennifer Lopez, 52, performed with her daughter Emme, 14, for the first time since the Super Bowl halftime show in 2020. The On The Floor singer has been praised by fans for inviting her child to the stage using the gender-neutral pronouns, they/them. The singer was performing at the Los Angeles Dodgers Foundation Blue Diamond Gala last week at the Dodgers Stadium. The Grammy award winner stunned in a green number, including high waist trousers, a bralette and a matching long feather kimono. Introducing her daughter to the stage, she began: "The last time we performed together was in a big stadium like this and I ask them to sing with me all the time, and they won't. "So this is a very special occasion. They are very, very busy. Booked. And pricey. READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux She continued: "They cost me when they come out. "But they're worth every single penny because they're my favorite duet partner of all time. So if you will indulge me." Emme looked amazing in pink as she sported an oversized button shirt and shorts number with pink socks. She accessorised with black trainers and a large black sports cap. The daughter of the Grammy award-winning singer also carried a Pride coloured microphone as the pair sang Christina Perri's A Thousand Years. The mother-of-two performed at the annual fundraising event which raises funds for education, health care, homelessness and social justice issues in Los Angeles. Jennifer posted snaps of the event with her child taking to Twitter in view of her 45.3 million followers. She captioned the post: "Last night … @Dodgers #LADFGala @notchrisvilla." DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Sam Fox ties the knot with girlfriend as she stuns in busty gown [LATEST] Madonna wishes herself Happy Father’s Day with rare snaps of her kids [COMMENT] Many social media users took to the post's comments to praise the singer for Emme's introduction. Iamh15 said: "@JLO honoring her daughter is nothing but pure love. "Haters gonna hate, but it’s 2022, can everyone just please evolve already?! Well done mama." (sic) NEAT92 added: "Beautiful. The best is to have this bond with your daughter. The greatest joy." Brahimpharm commented: "You are a legend Jennifer! Keep shining!" Jennifer shares Emme and twin son Maximilian David with fellow singer Marc Anthony with whom she was married from 2004 to 2014. The performer is now in a relationship with Hollywood actor Ben Affleck. The pair rekindled their relationship last year, having previously dated in the early 2000s.