This is MY House star Richard Madeley, 66, is one half of one of the most popular TV presenting duos alongside his wife, Judy Finnigan, 74. The couple met in 1982 while they were both married to other people and eventually tied the knot in 1986 in Manchester. They have ever since been inseparable, sharing screen time on This Morning and later their own eponymous programme. However, Richard’s first marriage was not quite as stable as the broadcaster's second, as he has admitted to having cheated several times on his first wife. During his six-year marriage to Lynda Hooley, Richard has candidly said, in quotes unearthed ahead of his new BBC One show airing tonight, he had “about 10” affairs in the space of five years. When asked by The Mirror how many women he had bedded during his first six-year marriage, the star estimated: "Oh lots, numerous, probably in the space of about five years, about 10. "I’d have to draw a veil over some of the reasons for it happening. I was very lonely and I think I clung to Lynda. “We’d only lived together for a while and then we got married – I pushed for it – and then my dad died." The TV star went on to highlight that in his first marriage, he went through both “happy moments” and “negativity”. However, he admitted that did not “excuse” what he did and that his affairs were “wrong”. He added: "In any marriage that would have been a very bad start and it quickly became clear to both of us that we weren’t suited at all and things started to fall apart. "Although the marriage had some very happy moments, there was a lot of negativity in it. “I’m not using that as an excuse. It’s wrong to have affairs, but I was a very young man." Judy previously opened up about her relationship with Richard and how they got together when they were 34 and 26 at the time, respectively. DON'T MISS...The One Show blasted by viewers for 'wasted' Rowan Atkinson interview [NEWS]BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood bids farewell to 'emotional' colleague [UPDATE]James Rado dead: Co-creator of musical Hair dies at 90 [DEATH]Kate Bush raking in HUGE loot with resurgence of 37-year-old song [LATEST]Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] They first crossed paths when the pair worked together at Granada Television in 1982. When Richard arrived at Granada Television, the anchor spotted Judy and immediately developed a crush. On the other hand, Judy revealed she thought Richard's suit at the time was "a bit flash”. However, she believed he otherwise "looked nice" and thus decided to let their relationship develop. She detailed how their colleagues were convinced the pair were only involved in "a fling" and were left surprised when they each filed for a divorce from their partners. Judy told the White Wine Question Time podcast: "There was absolutely no doubt in my mind that my boys, who were six, twins, they are - two six-year-old boys were my absolute priority and they had to be. "And as Richard and I got closer, and it was clear that we… you kind of talked about marriage after about three weeks, didn’t you, I remember. "It was clear things were very, very serious." Richard Madeley is appearing on This is MY House on BBC One tonight at 8.30pm.