The incredible van-bodied race car was revealed on the first day of the Goodwood Festival. The spectators were then able to enjoy the machine race up the famous hill. The SuperVan is loosely based on the Ford-E transit. This is a fourth-generation model and has more power than all three of its predecessors combined. The vehicle’s official name reads as Ford Pro Electric SuperVan. It possesses four electric motors that generate a combined output of 1,973 horsepower. READ MORE: Brand new EV with a range of 500 miles taking part in Goodwood On top of that, a 50-kWh battery maintains the tradition of balanced SuperVans with exceptional performance. According to Goodwood organisers, the car has several driving modes. They said: “Road, Track, Drag, Drift and Rally each optimise power delivery and traction control accordingly. “There’s even a tyre cleaning mode, which brakes one axle while the other one spins and it hasn’t escaped Ford’s attention that the side effect is fun, delivering ‘exhilarating driving displays’. DON'T MISS Duke of Richmond launches BMW M3 Touring [REVEAL] Drivers warned of huge congestions during Goodwood Speed Festival [WARNING] Electric car aiming to go from 0 to 60mph in under 1.5 seconds [INSIGHT] “There’s also an Eboost mode for a temporary bump in power and torque and at low speeds, Eco Mode, which bumps up regenerative braking.” The incredible race car can also send real-time telematics data for monitoring and remote vehicle management. This year’s festival is celebrating all things electric. Motoring enthusiasts will be able to enjoy a brand new feature called Electric Avenue. READ MORE: Goodwood Festival of Speed will promote switch to EVs with new feature The feature will showcase all things EV with cars presented by marques from all around the world. This will include well-known hatchbacks as well as electric supercars. Spectators will also be able to enjoy a number of interactive features. The exhibition will show off all the latest EVs as well as those that will be launched in the future. Experts will also be available at hand to answer any burning questions about the state of electric motoring. Festival organisers said that they will not reveal the exact details of the exhibition just yet but added that it will involve “city cars, saloons, SUVs, sportscars and hypercars – whatever kind of EV you’re interested in, you’ll be able to see it in Electric Avenue”. The event will also play its part in spreading EV awareness. The organisers said: “The Festival is the greatest celebration of motorsport, automotive culture and future tech there is, and as the UK moves towards a deadline of 2030 for the electrification of all new cars, showcasing and exploring an electric future has never been more important.” Announcing the initiative, The Duke of Richmond said: “The Festival of Speed continues to champion the latest technology and the future of mobility. Electric Avenue - The Road to 2030 was one of the most-visited exhibits at the 2021 Festival of Speed and we are looking forward to expanding on this and giving visitors a real insight into what it means to go electric.”