John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) has been the face of Paramount Network’s Yellowstone since it premiered way back in 2018 and the Western drama has continued to go from strength to strength on-screen. Not only has it smashed a number of US cable records, but the Yellowstone universe has expanded further with the introduction of prequel series 1883 and news of other spin-offs 1932 and 6666 in the pipeline. 1932 has already become a much-talked-about project thanks to its high-profile casting. Set half a century after 1883, 1932 will continue to explore the Dutton family’s backstory but this time with Oscar-winner Helen Mirren and Star Wars legend Harrison Ford at the helm. The pair follow in the footsteps of couple Tim McGraw and Faith Hill who excelled in 1883 alongside the likes of Sam Elliott and Isabel May. While the plot remains under wraps, for now, 1932 will give fans a glimpse into the Duttons' history even more - and John Dutton may have already teed up what to expect. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Cole Hauser sends fans wild with Rip Wheeler teaser Redditor and Yellowstone fan AnnaNonna put forward the suggestion, saying: “Of course I'm watching Yellowstone again and just heard John Dutton tell Beth (Kelly Reilly) that his great grandfather built the lodge. (This was when he was asking her to move in with Rip). “A while back we were trying to figure out the timeline generation wise for the upcoming 1932 spinoff. “I thought 1932 would focus on John's grandfather,” they added. “I think that fits the timeline.” John’s grandfather hasn’t appeared as an adult in the universe before, with Tim McGraw portraying James Dutton - John’s great-grandfather - and his dad only appearing in Yellowstone via flashbacks. So could 1932 finally show us how John’s grandfather and his family survived on the ranch? And could Ford be the man to portray him? Fans will have to wait for official confirmation to be released to find out for sure, although some have been left questioning whether John’s grandfather will actually be the focus. Replying to the theory, Redditor Sniktal said: ”The generations have kept me confused. “At some point in my rewatching I decided that the cabin John have to Rip was the cabin that James and Margaret built when they settled there, so I think it would make sense if John Senior built the lodge?” DON'T MISS:How many episodes are in Yellowstone season 5?1883’s Tim McGraw admits wife slapped him in iconic Yellowstone momentYellowstone season 5 theory: Jamie to take over from Rip on ranch? While WahooLion weighed in: “I think it was Lynelle who referred to it as a seven generation ranch. “That seemed too many to me, even including Tate (Brecken Merrill). I think the references to the generations has been inconsistent??” Fans will have to keep their eyes peeled with a release date for 1932 still some way away. However, there is good news regarding updates on Yellowstone’s highly-anticipated fifth season. Not only did filming commence in Montana in May, but Paramount confirmed season five would premiere on Sunday, November 13. And there are a number of familiar faces back at work, including Rip’s Cole Hauser, Beth’s Kelly Reilly and Carter’s Finn Little. And there’s good news for Teeter (Jen Landon) fans as well as the star has been bumped up to a series regular role. Yellowstone season 5 will premiere on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. Season 1-3 will premiere on Paramount+ when it launches in the UK later this year.