Appearing on ITV’s This Morning earlier today, Anne Larkin shared with Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby how she lost hundreds of pounds to a scam after fraudsters targeted her while she was most vulnerable. Having lost her husband of 34 years, the widow turned to social media for comfort, community and to her news. However, she soon became the victim of fraudsters who pretended to be a famous actor to scam money out of her. In November 2019, Ms Larkin came into a huge sum of money through a £1.2million death-on-service pay out after the death of her husband Graham. Amid the ordeal, Anne became an even greater target for future scams. Turning to social media for company, she was approached online by two men: one claiming to be a soldier based in Yemen and the other purporting to be a well-known actor. Recalling the time, Holly said: "So, like many many people, social media - particularly in lockdown - became a bit of a lifeline. It was an access point to share poetry, to share photography. All the lovely positive sides of social media," to which Anne agreed. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum The soldier scammer, who said his name was Clinton, claimed he had recently lost his wife and daughter in the last few years which made her feel close to him. Anne explained: “He told me that he'd lost his wife and his daughter in a car crash five years before. “He said he had a son, who was in military school. He said they couldn't cope with the loss of his wife and his daughter.” As part of the scam, she ended up giving ‘Clinton’ thousands of dollars in what she believed would go towards flight costs.  Appearing with the username ‘G’ on social media, the other fraudster posed as an actor to gain Anne’s trust. In their conversations, Anne said: “He was talking about a compound being built for homeless children and families. “They were building a school, they were building a hospital, there were other buildings too.” As a result, she ended up giving away £500,000 towards these scams with the largest one-payment being £20,000. Upon discovering she had been scammed, Anne said: “There's nothing anyone out there can say any nasty bad words about me that I haven't said about myself. “I was stupid, I was all these bad things. But you need to think about how you would feel if you were going through what I was going through.” Despite being a victim to this crime, she was able to recover most of the £500,000 lost from the bank. Overall, she managed to get back £345,000 from her bank due to the fact they admitted to not contacting the police initially once they realised something was wrong. “I didn't realise I was being scammed," she explained. "If you're going through grief, It's like a mental trauma, so you don't understand. "Even if you're somebody that's looking for love, you're still going through a form of grief, because you want to stop being alone." In a statement, NatWest told Rip Off Britain: “As a bank, we take our responsibilities to our customers very seriously. “We will try to prevent them from experiencing this sort of financial loss and emotional manipulation. “We will always try to break the spell of the scammers, but unfortunately, in this case, despite our efforts, we were unable to convince our customer that she was being scammed.” A NatWest spokesperson has said: “We have found that the vast majority of romance scams originate online, with criminals using social media to contact and pursue a relationship with the victim. The criminals can be extremely convincing, using emotional manipulation to get the person to continue to give them money and to hide this from friends, family and others. It is important to remember that anyone can fall victim to a romance scam. In the first half of 2021, UK Finance reported that the UK public lost over £15m to romance scammers. It is a very serious issue with criminals also using an unknowing victim’s account to traffic money, the proceeds of which go to organised crime. "As a bank we take our responsibility to our customers very seriously and will try to prevent them from experiencing this sort of financial loss and emotional manipulation. We will always try to break the spell of the scammers but unfortunately in this case, despite our efforts, we were unable to convince our customer that she was being scammed. "In the unfortunate instances when customers have fallen victim to scams, we work with them to provide support and after care as well as education as to how to spot and prevent this from happening again. A Customer Protection Manager has been supporting our customer in the aftermath of this cruel scam." NatWest advises the public to watch out for these red flags: 