Jenny Han’s beloved YA novel The Summer I Turned Pretty has been transformed into a TV series by Amazon Prime Video and is now riding high in the streaming platform’s top 10 most-watched shows. The drama follows Isabel ‘Belly’ Conklin (played by Lola Tung) and the summer of her 16th birthday when she is finally noticed by her friends Conrad Fisher (Christopher Briney) and his brother Jeremiah (Gavin Casalegno). The Summer I Turned Pretty charts Belly’s love triangle between the two siblings - but many are curious about Conrad’s age. Conrad is described in the books as being two years and a quarter older than Belly, which would make him 18-years-old. By the time readers get to the end of Han’s trilogy, Conrad is 26 in the epilogue of the third novel. However, in the show, he is 17-years-old and is going through an awkward adolescent phase. Those wondering about younger brother Jeremiah, he was born in 2005 and is 17 at the time when the books are set. READ MORE: Will there be a season 2 of The Summer I Turned Pretty? When the novels wrap up, Jeremiah is 24-years-old in the epilogue of the final book. Actor Brinley is in his early 20s with the star graduating from New York’s Pace University in 2020, according to his CV. He earned a degree in Acting for Film, TV, Voiceover and Commercial and previously featured in stage productions of Hamlet, Twelfth Night, Pig Farm, and If We Were Birds, among other plays. His movie roles include Want This, Steph, Invisible, and Racing The Clock. Speaking about getting into character as Conrad, Briney said he had to “a lot of work” to prepare for the role. The actor said: “I read the book and I read the script and I was like, ‘Conrad, why don't you just tell somebody how you feel? Why don't you just ask for help?’ “And then I had to backtrack and be like, ‘Okay, he's 17, he's an older brother. He's used to having a lot of weight on his shoulders and being the strong man in the family, especially with his dad being who his dad is. He just needs to learn.’” The rising star went on to say: “I think when I understood that he had a lot to learn, it freed up the chance for me to be like, ‘Okay, you can make mistakes. Now you can say things you shouldn't say and be mean whether it's intentional or not.’” He hailed his co-star Tung, telling Seventeen she was “wonderful to work with” as the pair built a bond. The Summer I Turned Pretty marked Briney’s first TV acting role and Tung’s first-ever job, with the two having a firm friendship and were keenly aware of the weight of expectation from fans of the novels. But Briney said he had Tung to bounce off with the pair speaking candidly while working on the show. In between takes, they would discuss their performances and support one another. Briney said it “meant a lot” to have Tung by his side as they filmed season one. DON'T MISS...Denise Welch in fiery clash with Loose Women co-star over age row [TV ROW]A Place in the Sun's Jean Johansson taken aback by couple's refusal [VIDEO]Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans [INSIGHT] Season two of The Summer I Turned Pretty has already been given the green light by Amazon Prime Video even before the first outing was released. The show will be picking up with the next novel in the trilogy: It’s Not Summer Without You and Han will again be leading as co-showrunner on the series. Reflecting on Conrad’s arc in season two, Briney said his character had “more to grow”. Briney said: “He's still becoming a person, he hasn't even gone to college yet. “You know, I can speak for myself. Like, college is very formative in the person I am [in real life]. “You change a lot in those four years, so I'm just excited for the, show to admit that there's a lot more story to tell. I like the book, so I hope it follows it a little bit.” The Summer I Turned Pretty is streaming on Amazon Prime Video now