Barcelona appear to have dropped a subtle hint over Frenkie de Jong's future at the club amid Manchester United's interest in bringing the Dutchman to Old Trafford this summer. The Red Devils are said to be keen admirers of De Jong, who flourished under the guidance of Erik ten Hag before eventually joining Barcelona from Ajax back in 2019. The 25-year-old has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford ahead of next season but is said to be warming towards the idea of staying at Barcelona due to United's lack of Champions League football. It seems as though Barcelona may also be expecting De Jong to stick around for at least another season after including him as one of the main faces of their new kit launch.The Catalan giants have officially unveiled their new home strip for the upcoming season, which sees navy blue return to their shirt as a prominent colour for the first time since 2016. De Jong was at the front and centre of many of Barcelona's promotional shots that were released to the public, which suggests that he could be set to stay and feature in the new kit over the course of the upcoming season.It has been suggested that De Jong's presence in Friday's launch may have been a ploy to indicate Barcelona's desire to keep hold of the midfielder between now and the start of the new campaign. The prospect of a sale is yet to be ruled out as of yet, with United still eager to bring him to Old Trafford, but it remains to be seen whether Barcelona or De Jong will be prepared to play ball in the upcoming summer transfer window. JUST IN: Chelsea losing Rudiger 'bad news' as club icon 'sad' over Madrid move De Jong is tied down to his current employers until the summer of 2026 after signing a long-term deal upon his arrival in 2019 and remains a favourite of Xavi, who has transformed the club's fortunes since taking over as manager back in November. The 42-year-old waxed lyrical over De Jong when quizzed on the player's future back in April by insisting that he can become one of the world's best midfielders if he continues to perform well on a regular basis over the next few years."Frenkie is very important for me, for the club and for the team," said Xavi. "He is a footballer who has to mark an era with his quality and personality.  "He is at a very good level since I arrived and he has to continue scoring goals, assists, and being the protagonist in games. He could be one of the best midfielders in the world in the coming years."De Jong featured on 46 occasions for Barcelona in all competitions over the course of this season, chipping in with four goals and five assists in the process. He played a major role in helping Ajax to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League under Ten Hag's guidance in 2019 and is widely expected to start in midfield for the Netherlands at this year's World Cup in Qatar. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here