The creation of the new role from Australia's new centre-Left Labor Prime Minister Anthony Albanese, has been celebrated by Republic supporters. Sydney MP Matt Thistlethwaite has been appointed to the new role ahead of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  The Australian Republic Movement tweeted: "In a major historic first, Australia now has an Assistant Minister for the Republic. "We congratulate the Government on making this important step towards the realisation of an Australian republic and look forward to working with them over the next parliamentary term." The Prime Minister previously said at events held by the Australian Republican Movement that "a modern Australian republic is an idea whose time has come". Australia voted against severing its royal ties in a 1999 vote by 55 percent to 45 percent.  Mr Thislethwaite spoke to The Guardian about the "perfect timing" of the Jubilee in relation to Australia replacing the Queen. The Assistant Minister said that as Queen Elizabeth II "comes to the twilight of her reign, it’s a good opportunity for a serious discussion about what comes next for Australia". "Literally hundreds of Australians could perform the role, so why wouldn’t we appoint an Australian as our pinnacle position under the constitution?" He added: "It will take time, but if you want to do it properly, we should begin the discussion now, so we’re ready to go in a second term of an Albanese government." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry awarded 'exceptional status' ahead of Jubilee  On Wednesday, Mr Thistlethwaite said he would focus on educating citizens about the current constitution and the Queen's role as head of state. He stated: "The next natural step around the timing [of a republic] is when the Queen hands over the reign or passes." He also added that a referendum on Indigenous reforms "will come first and should come first" after Mr Albanese pledged to prioritise the voice of Indigenous people in Parliament and constitutional recognition for the First Nations people in its first three years. Thistlethwaite said that a discussion on a republic was "the next natural step". DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Snobbish!' Breakthrough plan savaged as 'best' excludedRussian Ministers accused of committing over 15k suspected war crimesOlaf Scholz loses grip in EU as Eastern Europe turns away  The Australian Republic Movement chair, Peter FitzSimons, called Thistlethwaite’s appointment "the biggest breakthrough this century" for the cause. Mr FitzSimons said, quoting well-known monarchist Lyle Shelton: "For the first time, Australia has a minister of the crown devoted to removing the crown. "The timing is perfect … we are on our way." The Assistant Minister has vowed to try and make the transition smooth and to "see if we can make this into an issue that unites Australians, not divides us". 