Prince William has been seen blowing goodbye kisses to Prince Louis as the Duke joined Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and their other children for a Jubilee visit to Wales. The heartwarming moment was captured as the Cambridges, minus the youngest, headed to Cardiff to join celebrations to mark the Queen's 70 years on the thone. Prince William was caught on filming saying farewell to Louis as he and the rest of the Cambridges departed for the Welsh Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Onlookers were able to catch a glimpse of Prince Louis as the Duke said his goodbyes and unloaded the family car. Louis' older siblings, Prince George, and Princess Charlotte joined their parents in the Welsh capital on Saturday for their first official outing in Wales. The surprise visit to Cardiff Castle during rehearsals for the Platinum Jubilee Celebration Concert taking place on the grounds saw them impress onlookers with their music and technical skills.  Charlotte took up the chance to lead the orchestra in a rendition of We Don't Talk About Bruno from the Disney film Encanto. Meanwhile, George, who is one day expected to be given the title the Prince of Wales, took the lead in the technical booth, taking full advantage of the opportunity to play with the sound and lighting decks by asking what all the buttons mean. They met a host of performers including singer Bonnie Tyler and drumming weatherman Owain Wyn Evans and greeted hundreds of well-wishers before leaving to head back to the celebrations in London. Hundreds of people are expected to visit Cardiff's Bute Park on Sunday for the Big Jubilee Picnic, while similar events are set to take place all around the country including at Pembrey Country Park, Newport's Beechwood Park, Oystermouth Castle in Swansea, and Welshpool's Maes-y-dre recreation ground. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their children have been baking cakes for a Platinum Jubilee street party set to take place in Cardiff this afternoon. Kate and their three children were captured whipping up eggs and flour in a kitchen decorated with Union Flag bunting in pictures posted on the royal couple's official Twitter account on Sunday morning. The caption read: "Baking cakes for the local community in Cardiff to enjoy at a Platinum Jubilee street party taking place today! We hope you like them!" Prince George and Louis, eight and four, can be seen wearing similar navy blue polo shirts, while their sister Prince Charlotte, aged seven, is wearing a baby pink polo shirt and later a navy and white striped t-shirt. Prince George and Princess Charlotte also enjoyed a night out at the Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday. The young royals sat in the front row of the royal box between their parents, clapping along to Queen + Adam Lambert's performance of Don't Stop Me Now, as the youngsters stayed up late to make a surprise appearance. The Windsors - as many as 40 of them out in force - joined in whole-heartedly with the chorus during Sir Rod Stewart's rendition of the hit anthem Sweet Caroline as the words were projected onto the screen, with eight-year-old George belting out a "bom, bom, bom" perfectly in time. Charlotte was at one point seen reading a programme and tapping her mother on the elbow, while at times Kate bopped up and down to the music.