On the eve of his 40th birthday, Prince William reportedly wants to take a more vocal role on the issues facing the monarchy, according to royal insiders. Although most would agree that the Queen has done an excellent job during her 70-year reign, Prince William looks set to change things up once King. Prince William has begun to make “big decisions” about the image presented by the family - whether that be Meghan and Harry’s role to play at The Firm or keeping Prince Andrew out of the public eye, according to a friend. The Prince is expected to throw out the Queen’s mantra of “never complain, never explain” and open up The Royal Family more to the public. The friend told the Mail: “People are simply not going to be happy with silence any more. The Queen's approach has worked very well for her during a more deferential age, with different forms of communication. “But what William is working out is how to take the best of what his grandmother has done and make it relevant today.”  They added: “And he believes the monarchy needs to better explain its own thinking, particularly in terms of its place in the world.” Another insider claimed that Prince William was not afraid to speak out about the issues close to his heart, something he learned from his father, the Prince of Wales. They said: “Look at the way the Prince of Wales was ridiculed for some of the things he said about climate change, but is now seen as ahead of his time. “The lesson he has taken from his father is to be careful how you pursue these issues. “But he's also learnt from the Prince of Wales that there are things he holds dear that will require the same kind of courage from him.  READ MORE: Many Brits could be missing a simple diet switch to improve health “If he thinks something is right, then he believes he has a responsibility to speak out because of the privilege that comes with his role. “He will be careful and he doesn't like courting controversy, but he is also not afraid in taking risks.” He has also learned how to handle the media from his father. While the royals have a tumultuous relationship with the media at the best of times, Prince William has learned to “work through” the issues. A friend said: “A decade ago, he was just as furious as Harry was with the media. But, unlike his brother, he wanted to work things through, particularly when it came to ring-fencing his children. “He did that in a level-headed and conciliatory way as he understands more than anyone the interest in them as a family. Once that was in place, he was much better equipped to cope with the levels of interest. It's why many think Harry and Meghan just didn't give it enough time [to work through].”  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [INSIGHT]Remainers' number one argument for rejoining torn apart [REPORT]Frexiteer Philippot calls for Emmanuel Macron to 'submit resignation' [ANALYSIS] As the Prince looks to shape The Royal Family the way he thinks it should be run, he realises that, as relatives drop by the wayside, the image of The Firm rests more heavily on his shoulders. One source told The Daily Mail that the Prince was not the “natural” person for the job of King, but rather “the right person” for it. He said: “In truth he's not the natural person for the job. His grandmother wasn't either. But that's exactly why he is the right person to do it,' says a source. “The last person you want stepping up is the one who rubs their hands and says 'I can't wait to be King'. You want someone who understands the significance and the pressure of what they have to do without hankering after any of the trappings.” 