Manchester United are hopeful of landing Antony this summer. The Ajax star, who has been compared to Neymar, is regarded as one of Europe’s hottest prospects - with Erik ten Hag knowing that first-hand having managed the Brazil international at Ajax. And, in Jadon Sancho, the Red Devils have already snapped up the perfect partner in crime for the 22-year-old. Manchester United are set to sign a new forward this summer. They’d initially targeted Darwin Nunez but, when it became clear the Uruguay international would be too expensive, then opted to withdraw from the chase. United had, originally, eyed a centre-forward. A deadly goal-getter who can ease the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo as he approaches the twilight years of his career. But, now, they’re ready to sign a versatile attacker instead - with Antony seeming to be their preferred target. There’s been talk of a move to Tottenham for the youngster, who scored eight goals and registered four assists from 23 Eredivisie appearances last term. Yet it’s United who are the frontrunners, with Antony eager to reunite with Ten Hag as the Dutchman prepares for a brand new era at Old Trafford. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez If United do land Antony, then the Samba star would likely go on the right of their attack. Then, on the opposite flank, there would be Sancho. Big things were expected of the England international 12 months ago, when he touched down from Borussia Dortmund for a fee of £73million. United had been eyeing Sancho for some time prior to his rival, with Jose Mourinho missing out in 2017 and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer failing to land the forward in both 2019 and 2020. But, finally, they were able to strike a deal. Solskjaer was delighted, telling club media: “He’s such a talented boy. As it’s been known all over the world, we’ve followed Jadon for a long, long time. DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen “He’s a player that we’ve targeted and we think his qualities will fit right in here at Man United. “Jadon is a signing that we expect to stay at Man United for many, many years, so it’s also that part of it that we have a young, up-and-coming forward line.” Sancho, however, blew hot and cold during his first year at Old Trafford. The England international scored just three Premier League goals and clocked up just as many assists from 29 matches. And he netted just once in the Champions League, too, with that goal coming during the 2-0 victory over Villarreal in Spain. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But there’s a player in Sancho. That’s something that can’t be denied, with the 22-year-old still having time on his side to get better. Under Ten Hag, that could very well happen. The Dutchman got the best from his forwards at Ajax, helping to shape the Eredivisie outfit into one of the most-attacking teams in the whole of European football. And if United can get Sancho back to his Borussia Dortmund best, then there’s every chance he can still live up to his huge price tag. During his spell at the Westfalenstadion, he managed at least 16 goal involvements in each Bundesliga campaign where he was established in the team. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here So Sancho on the left, and Antony on the right, would bring speed, directness and trickery to United’s flanks. The duo would then be able to create chances for Cristiano Ronaldo to score, with the Portugal international primed to remain at the club for another 12 months at least. And whether United can now agree a fee with Ajax remains to be seen. It won’t be an easy deal to broker, especially given how Frenkie de Jong is taking up the bulk of their resources at the current moment in time. But United want Antony and he wants them. Therefore, all signs point to him and Sancho being wing wizards together next time out.