Callum Woodhouse was cast as Tristan Farnon, the charming younger brother of the eccentric vet Siegfried Farnon. Channel 5 gave the heartwarming drama a revamp when it returned to the small screen in 2020, including the introduction of its new cast. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about All Creatures Great and Small's Callum Woodhouse. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from All Creatures Great and Small.Actor Callum Woodhouse is relatively new to the entertainment industry, having only started appearing on screen in 2015. He featured in the movie B&B, appeared as Josh Marsden in ITV's Cold Feet and Randall Jones in Father Brown on BBC One. His biggest role prior to joining the cast of All Creatures Great and Small was in the heartwarming ITV drama The Durrells. Woodhouse was Leslie Durrell for three years, starring opposite actress Keeley Hawes and actor Josh O'Connor. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' All Creatures Great and Small's Callum Woodhouse was born on January 7, 1994, in Durham. This makes the star behind Tristan Farnon now 28-years-old, having marked his latest birthday earlier this year. Woodhouse is relatively quiet when it comes to his social media presence so it isn't clear how he marked the occasion. But he is bound to have spent it with his other half who is an actress you may recognise. Woodhouse is in a relationship with actress Callie Cooke who starred as Kimberley Doyle in the Netflix adaptation of Harlan Coben's The Stranger. Since then, she has appeared in Britannia, Blithe Spirit, Rules of the Game, Cheaters and Peacock. It isn't known how long Woodhouse and Cooke have been together but it is believed to have been at least a few years. The couple now share an adorable dog called Ralph who has visited the set of All Creatures on several occasions. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Is Mrs Hall still married? [EXPLAINER]All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph jibes at co-star  [CAST] All Creatures Great and Small was last seen with its Christmas special at the end of 2021. Woodhouse's character Tristan was eagerly awaiting his Parasitology exam results after failing the first time around. Mrs Hall (Anna Madeley) was nervous about him opening up the envelope but was thrilled when they found out he passed. Putting a dampening on things was Tristan's ex-girlfriend Maggie (Mollie Winnard) who informed him that she was getting married. She said that he needed to be more open to making a commitment to someone if he wanted another serious relationship, advice which he appeared to take on board. Channel 5 has already renewed the humble farm-based drama for a third season. So far, a date for the show's third series premiere hasn't yet been announced. However, it is predicted that All Creatures is going to return sometime in late 2022. All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5.