The group has upped its variable rate on its savings account to 0.6 percent, after the Bank of England increased the base interest rate by 0.25 to 1.25 percent, in a bid to help savers facing growing household bills. Bosses at the building society are increasing the interest rate paid on almost all of its variable rate savings products. Unrestricted access accounts will rise to a minimum of 1.10 percent and restricted accounts to 1.15 percent. Savers will also see their on sale accounts rise to a minimum of 1.00 percent. All qualifying accounts will be updated automatically, with the changes coming into force from July 7. Chris Irwin, director of savings at Yorkshire Building Society, said: “Our decision today to pass on at least the full Bank rate rise to 99 percent of our existing variable rate savings book, and raise the minimum interest on all our accounts to at least one percent continues to reflect our mutual ethos of putting our members first. READ MORE: Pensioners issued warning as Bank of England increases rate to 1.25 percent  “Continuing to pass the Bank rate increases on to our savers demonstrates our commitment to deliver value to our members, and in turn support their financial resilience in the current financial climate.” The building society offers several savings accounts with unlimited withdrawals, which can be opened with just £1. Chelsea Building Society and Norwich & Peterborough Building Society are part of Yorkshire Building Society. Today is the fifth consecutive rise the Bank of England has brought in, as inflation continues to soar.  The central group said: “The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) sets monetary policy to meet the two percent inflation target, and in a way that helps to sustain growth and employment. “At its meeting ending on June 15 2022, the MPC voted by a majority of 6-3 to increase Bank Rate by 0.25 percentage points, to 1.25 percent. “Those members in the minority preferred to increase Bank Rate by 0.5 percentage points, to 1.5 percent.” Inflation in the UK is currently nine percent with analysts predicting it will hit ten percent. Homes are experiencing an annual energy bill hike of £693 which the price cap expected to reach £2,800 by October. Previous increases to the base rate have been criticised by some experts as banks and building societies have not passed them on to their customers. Rachel Springall, a personal finance expert at MoneyFacts.co.uk, encouraged savers to “rethink their loyalty” in light of the base rate hike. She said: “The back-to-back Bank of England base rate rises are positive for the savings market, but it is the challenger banks and mutuals who are fuelling the top rate tables with competition. “As it stands, many of the biggest high-street banks have passed on very little to their easy access customers, so savers may need to rethink their loyalty and look elsewhere for a better return on their hard-earned cash. “Keeping on top of the latest changes in the market is wise, especially as rate increases are prevalent as savings providers jostle market position.” Alice Haine, a personal analyst at Bestinvest, said: “For cash savers, an interest rate rise is always a good thing, as they can secure higher rates on their savings pots – that is of course if they have spare cash to save in the first place. “With inflation at nine percent and set to go higher, and UK food prices set to surge 15 percent this summer as the cost-of-living deepens, saving is becoming a luxury afforded by the few.”