Tim Henman has claimed that Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic bring out the best in each other after the pair’s epic four-hour battle at the French Open. The Spaniard was victorious 6-2, 4-6, 6-2, 7-6 as he advanced to the semi-finals. The quality of the match was of the highest level and Henman, a former world No 4, believes that it is because the two inspire each other to play at a higher level. He told Eurosport: “Incredible scenes. The quality of tennis from start to finish, four hours playing well into the night in Paris, it is just incredible. I think they bring out the best in each other, when one is behind the other one is almost retaliating, coming up with even better tennis. It was Nadal that got off to the fast start but Djokovic came back and he was the one that was up in the fourth. “When you look at these baseline exchanges they are going corner to corner, the speed of which they are hitting the ball and the consistency, no unforced errors and this is after four hours and 12 minutes at match point.” The Spaniard is now just two wins away from a 14th title at Roland-Garros to extend his lead as the greatest male Major winner of all time. The match finished at 1.16am local time as the pair started playing in the month of May, but finished playing in June. The Serbian complained that the contest started too late, as he will now turn to Wimbledon to try and win his 21st Grand Slam. He said: “I think they are starting too late. But TV decides, that's the world we live in. Congratulations to Nadal. He was a better player I think in important moments. "I didn't start so great, 2-6, 0-3, double-break down. I was gaining momentum as I was coming back in the second set, managed to win the second set, and I thought, I'm back in the game. I gave my best. I know I could have played better. I'm proud of fighting and staying until the last shot. As I said, I lost to a better player today. Had my chances. Didn't use them. That's it.” Nadal agreed with Djokovic and had asked on Monday not to play in the night session. "It is too late, without a doubt," said Nadal. "I can't complain because we have two days off now but if you only have one day off, or like [Alexander] Zverev had in Madrid when he had to play the final the next day, then it's a big issue.” The 35-year-old moved to the semi-final where he will face Zverev on Friday, who defeated up-and-coming star Carlos Alcaraz 6-4 6-4 4-6 7-6 in three hours and 16 minutes.