Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling has been asking people about what life is like at Chelsea as he weighs up the possibility of joining the Blues this summer, according to reports. Chelsea are said to be keen on snapping up the 27-year-old, who has not always been guaranteed a starting spot at the Etihad Stadium in recent seasons and has been linked with a move elsewhere for some time. Thomas Tuchel is believed to be a huge admirer of Sterling and those at Chelsea are said to be confident that a deal can be agreed to secure his services in the not-too-distant future. It seems as though Sterling would definitely consider the opportunity to play for the Blues next season, with the City man already speaking to those around him to gain a better understanding of life in west London, according to The Athletic.It is said that Sterling is eager to learn about what it would be like at Chelsea and is also trying to find out more about Tuchel's style of management at Stamford Bridge. He is said to have been lined up by the Blues to play a crucial role in their front three in place of Romelu Lukaku, who is widely expected to rejoin Inter Milan on loan until the end of next season.Sterling is set to be available for a cut-price fee this summer, with his current deal at City poised to expire in a year's time as things stand. Chelsea are believed to be weighing up a bid in the region of £35million, which they are hoping will tempt Sterling's current employers to cash in as they look to avoid losing him on a free transfer at the end of his contract. JUST IN: Marcus Rashford 'optimistic' about Man Utd revival Goals were an issue for the Blues last season and Sterling has proven himself to be a shrewd operator in that regard during his time at City. He has bagged a total of 131 goals in his seven-year spell with the Premier League champions and managed to find the back of the net on 17 occasions over the course of the previous campaign.However, it remains to be seen whether a fee can be agreed between Chelsea and City over the next few weeks, while personal terms will also need to be settled with Sterling and his representatives. Former Blues defender Scott Minto recently urged his old club to push hard in their efforts to land Sterling, who he believes would be the perfect addition to their forward line ahead of the new campaign. "It's a no-brainer," Minto told talkSPORT. "I mean, my goodness, you think where could he go? He's not going back to Liverpool, he's not going to go to United."The next best, Chelsea would be perfect for him. I think Chelsea and Spurs would be two good moves for him, but Chelsea would be able to bridge that gap more than Spurs could do, so absolutely [they should] go for him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here