Liverpool have five wingers on their radar as they seek a long-term replacement for Sadio Mane according to reports. Mane appears Bayern Munich-bound provided Liverpool's demands are met. They want closer to £40million than the £25m fee that has been mooted. The Reds are willing to accept Mane's wish to leave on given he is out of contract in 12 months' time and has given six years of stellar service to the club. Mane has won every major trophy and has contributed 120 goals and 48 assists in 269 games at Anfield. But Liverpool want to line up a replacement for the Senegalese winger, who turned 30 in April, before letting him leave. And the Daily Mail name five attackers who Liverpool have interest in as they mull over their options. One of those is a player who Mane will effectively be replacing in Serge Gnabry. The 26-year-old, a graduate of Arsenal's academy, has thrived at Bayern after a successful stint with Werder Bremen. He contributed 17 goals and 10 assists in 45 games this season having played on both the right and left wings, while he can also operate as a striker. MUST READ: Liverpool fans DEMAND Macron apology after ‘disgraceful' treatment Gnabry is out of contract in 2023 like Mane, and Liverpool's other starting winger Mohamed Salah, and would represent a top-class option. Reports have claimed Bayern would demand around £34m for Gnabry this summer, meaning a swap deal is not implausible. Two other options for Liverpool, the report claims, are Watford pair Ismaila Sarr and Joao Pedro. Mane's Senegal team-mate Sarr has long been linked with the Merseyside club and scored five goals and two assists in 22 games as the Hornets were relegated this year. Pedro, still only 20, scored three times in 28 league outings. Watford are eager to keep Pedro for their Championship season and with Sarr, who is their club-record signing at £40m, may be looking to recoup a sizeable fee to sell the 24-year-old. It is also mentioned that Liverpool is an admirer of Chelsea's Christian Pulisic. The Reds wanted to sign the winger back in 2016 and even submitted an £11m bid to Borussia Dortmund. The US international has spent the last three campaigns with Chelsea but has had mixed success at Stamford Bridge. Injuries have limited the 23-year-old American to 115 appearances, which have yielded 25 goals and 19 assists. MORE LIVERPOOL NEWS...Liverpool and Man City have made offers to Mount amid Man Utd interestMan Utd may have Danjuma transfer hopes wrecked by LiverpoolLiverpool's ridiculous XI if Son, Mbappe and two other moves came off It's claimed any deal is unlikely for Pulisic because of Chelsea's current valuation. The fact the two teams are close rivals may also hinder any potential deal. Liverpool defeated the Blues in the Carabao Cup and FA Cup finals, both on penalties. Villarreal's Arnaut Danjuma, who played against Liverpool in the Champions League semi-finals, is mentioned as another potential option to replace Mane. The Dutchman, 25, has thrived out in Spain and managed 16 goals and four assists in 34 games in his first season at the club. That followed a 15-goal, seven-assist Championship season with Bournemouth. The report also adds that Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele, a potential Chelsea target, could be offered to Liverpool with the Frenchman to become a free agent imminently. But it's claimed his wage demands and character could hinder a deal, while he is another to have suffered consistent injury problems in recent campaigns at the Nou Camp.