He added that Western allies of Ukraine have no choice but to continue supporting Ukraine in its fight with Russia. His comments come after the leaders of the G7 nations mocked the Russian President and condemned his attack on a shopping centre in Kremenchuk. In his comment piece for The Times, Mr Hague said: “President Putin has certainly driven Western nations into the greatest display of unity since the Cold War.” Following the missile attack on the shopping centre, the G7 leaders condemned the “abominable attack”. They said: “We stand united with Ukraine in mourning the innocent victims of this brutal attack. “Indiscriminate attacks on innocent civilians constitute a war crime. “Russian President Putin and those responsible will be held to account.” Despite this display of unity against Russia with the sending of weapons to Ukraine and the implementation of sanctions on Russia, there appears to be a slight distancing from certain nations in how they will continue to navigate the war. Some nations, such as Germany and Hungary, want a relationship with Russia in the future while the message from the French seems to be one of disillusionment over the “long-term slog” in Ukraine. READ MORE: Safest country in the world for Britons - full list The former leader of the Conservatives said: “French and German policymakers…make a moral case for an early peace, that terrible human suffering in Ukraine must be ended; a political case, that we will see the collapse of governance in lower-income countries if the food and fuel crisis does not abate; and a realist case, that sanctions will not stop Putin but will drive him ever closer to China. “On the side of ‘justice’ there are also moral, political and realist arguments.” Mr Hague noted that from a moral standpoint it is up to the West to support the nation that was attacked unprovoked and from a political perspective, democratic nations need a show of force and unity for any future conflicts that arise. DON'T MISS: Wimbledon POLL: Do you agree with gender-neutral toilets at Wimbledon? (POLL)'Can't tax country out of recession' Tory MP sends warning to Rishi (INSIGHT)Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral  (REVEAL) He said: “Realistically, any peace deal that rewards Putin with new territory for the invasion of a neighbour invites further aggression in the future. “This is why a peace argument based on concessions by Ukraine is not desirable. Yet on these points alone the ‘peace’ argument around Europe will still gain strength as inflation and recession take hold.” He concluded: “Even if it were desirable, it is not available…When faced with Putin, if we favour peace at the expense of justice, we will end up with neither.”