Actress Samia Longchambon has been part of ITV soap Coronation Street for two decades now after making her first appearance as Maria Connor back in 2000. Since then, the character has had some big storyline including Maria’s tragic stillbirth of her son and an attempted rape by Frank Foster (played by Andrew Lancel). Longchambon continues to be a fan-favourite with interest in the actress behind Maria. Samia was born on July 13, 1982 in Eccles, Great Manchester and is 39. Her parents are French-Lebanese shop owner Joseph and British actress Patsy. Before joining Corrie, Samia started building up her acting CV with parts in Cracker, CITV’s Children’s Ward, Heartbeat, and Doctors. The young actress even served as an extra in Coronation Street aged eight, before landing a role on the cobbles years later. READ MORE: Helen Worth age: How old is Coronation Street's Gail Platt? She also had a recurring role as Jane in the TV series Adam’s Family Tree between 1997 and 1998. Along with starring in Coronation Street, Samia has also featured on Celebrity Stars in Their Eyes, Bo’ Selecta!, Dancing on Ice and Big Star’s Little Star. She also appeared on All Star Family Fortunes twice and The Chase: Celebrity Special. Samia is married to professional ice skater Sylvain Longchambon, whom she met in 2013 when she was a contestant on Dancing on Ice. Although Samia came fourth in the competition, she and Sylvain tied in the knot in 2016. They welcomed their first child together in 2015, son Yves The soap star revealed how she went to see a fortune teller, who seemed to predict her marriage to Sylvain. She revealed in an interview in 2016 how she’d gone to the psychic following the death of her father Joseph in 2009 from cancer. "I first visited her about a year before I did Dancing On Ice, and she asked me: 'Who is Leon?' I said I didn't know anybody called Leon,” Samia said. The actress continued: "Then she said my dad was saying the word Lyon, and it could mean the place in France.” Samia added to OK!: "Everything she said didn't seem to make sense, but after we had got together it all just clicked into place." As it turned out, Sylvain’s family hails from Lyon in France with the ice skating star growing up in the region. Samia was previously married to property developer Matt Smith with the couple getting hitched in 2005. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [VIEWER REACTION]Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret [ANALYSIS]A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [VIDEO] Matt and Samia were together for six years and share daughter Freya, who was born in 2009. As part of Samia and Sylvain’s nuptials, the Corrie star made sure her daughter was involved in the proceedings with Freya walking with her mother down the aisle. She said she wanted Freya to feel “really involved” in the wedding hence the decision for the pair to walk together. Samia said: “I didn't want her to give me away as she's never going to have to give me away in life, so she walked me down the aisle as Sylvain is getting Freya as well.” Coronation Street airs on ITV tonight at 8pm