The Platinum Jubilee last weekend gave an insight into the heartwarming relationship the Duchess of Cambridge has with her three children – Prince George, Prince Louis, and Princess Charlotte. But one moment in particular has been pointed out by eagle-eyed fans.   A clip captured from the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend shows the Duchess softly rearranging her daughter's hair during the Platinum Party at the Palace, tucking it out from her collar before smiling at her and holding her hand. Royal fans swiftly took to social media to share their reaction to the heart-melting clip. One fan shared: "Kate is a great mum, she just so natural." Another comment read: "Kate and Charlotte have a lovely bond."  But this is not the first time the duo have had fans in awe at their adorable bond, with Princess Charlotte matching mum Kate during the Easter Sunday service held at St George’s Chapel in Windsor. Duchess Kate wore a stunning blue dress as Charlotte channelled her mother by sporting a pastel blue tea dress. Taking to Twitter, one royal fan penned: "Princess Charlotte is such a confident young girl. Credit to her parents," as another agreed: "Princess Charlotte is growing up so fast, she's going to be super tall just like her mum!" Over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s bond with their children was admired by thousands.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry 'sidelines' by 'callous' Firm During the final pageant, Kate and Louis were seen having several heartwarming moments, with the four-year-old cuddling up to his mum during the event. He was also seen sitting on Prince Charles’ lap as the family took it in turns to keep the youngster entertained. The Queen celebrated 70 years on the throne last weekend, with Kate and Will making several public appearances during the weekend. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge joined the Queen alongside the likes of Prince Charles and Camilla for the Trooping The Colour event on the balcony at Buckingham Palace.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'completely' excluded from Royal Family [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan now ‘under pressure to deliver for Netflix [OPINION]Kate & Meghan step out in same Zarita dress years apart - pictures [PICTURES] Prince Louis became an overnight sensation with his hilarious facial expressions shown throughout the four-day bonanza, as Princess Charlotte was spotted telling her little brother off. A children’s behavioural specialist spoke about Will and Kate’s relationship with their children, saying: "We can tell that their parents, especially Kate, are very hands on and involved in the lives of their children, shown through their relaxed and comfortable engagement as a family." 