Ricky Gervais, 60, is known for his comedy, creating shows like After Life and The Office, however, he took to Twitter today to share a different side. The actor took to the micro-blogging site and shared a snap of himself after playing tennis, appearing to forget to put on suncream, sparking a mixed response amongst his fans. Ricky posted the picture on Twitter this afternoon in view of his 14.9 million followers. In the closeup, Ricky looked to have caught the sun after playing tennis on the hottest day of the year so far. He captioned the video: "Just played tennis. Probably shouldn’t have worn black." Many social media users took to the comments and joked with the star about his mistake, while others shared their concern over his "red" face. READ MORE: Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak Andryroddick said: "And/Or.... You should have worn a hat!" MikePea26 added: "The long term benefits of sunscreen have been proven by scientists..." LeloMeridian22 commented: "That looks extremely painful! "No black clothes in the sun and plenty of sunscreen please Ricky!" SamuelHH60819215 said: "Yea Ricky you shouldn't be looking like that as its easy & simple to look after your health and also so enjoyable. However, others took to the comments to give it back to the comedian with their remarks. NathanSmith892 said: "Where did you play? On the surface of the sun?" SueGrant54321 added: "Jeez! Don't open your mouth too wide or someone might post a letter!" DON'T MISS... Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot [PICS] Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's daughter is image of parents [HOLLYWOOD] Johnny Depp’s team accuses Amber Heard of ‘reimagining’ case [COMMENT] ThatKevinGroom commented: "Tennis? It looks like you've been lost at sea for three months!" Ricky regularly takes to his social media to share his dark humour, even asking fans this week to vote for him to "win another award before I die". The After Life creator is hoping to win big at the TV Choice Awards this year. He wrote on Monday: "You can vote for me to win another award before I die if you like." The star also knowingly added an angel emoji with the hashtag #AfterLife. He also retweeted a post from TV Choice's official account, which told fans: "Don't forget to vote in the 2022 #tvchoiceawards. "Today our chosen category is BEST COMEDY PERFORMANCE." The post included a link to the website where fans can vote. The comic is nominated in the category for his Netflix show After Life, which concluded its final season this year. Ricky plays protagonist Tony, who is learning to navigate the world after the death of his wife.