Manchester City are targeting two more transfers after completing a deal for Borussia Dortmund goal machine Erling Haaland. Europe's most coveted young striker will join the Premier League champions after Pep Guardiola's side triggered his £51 million release clause. Haaland will be joined at the Etihad Stadium by fellow forward Julian Alvarez, with a £14 million deal for the Argentina international completed in January. The 22-year-old spent the remainder of the season on loan with River Plate, recently scoring six goals in an 8-1 thrashing of Allianza Lima in the Copa Libertadores. Guardiola's side have emerged on top in four of the last five Premier League seasons, and many have speculated the addition of Haaland will extend this era of dominance over the coming seasons. However, City chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak has now confirmed the champions are hoping to make a further two signings this summer. Leeds United star Kalvin Phillips is Guardiola's 'top target' according to the Times, with the England international entering the final two years of his contract at Elland Road. However, reports suggest the 26-year-old could be set to pen a new deal with his boyhood club after Jesse Marsch's side secured top-flight survival on the final day. JUST IN: Man City chiefs reach Declan Rice transfer decision which will impact Man Utd  Brighton full-back Marc Cucurella is another target on City's radar following an impressive debut season in English football. Oleksandr Zinchenko has been linked with a move away due to limited game-time, and a £30 million offer for Cucurella as his replacement has been mooted. The Ukraine international is not the only first-team star linked with a potential summer exit. Raheem Sterling is reportedly attracting interest from Bayern Munich and 'leading clubs' in Spain, with the former Liverpool star entering the final year of his contract.     Gabriel Jesus is also expected to depart following the arrivals of both Alvarez and Haaland. The 25-year-old has been linked to Arsenal, but a decision on his future is not expected until after Brazil's latest round of international fixtures. Reflecting on the blockbuster deal for Haaland, City chairman Al Mubarak told the club's website: “We have arguably the best No 9 in the world, at the right age. When you look at the next 10-15 years with Haaland, we’ve invested in a striker for the future.  “He is a very unique, incredibly talented striker that the whole world has been looking at. Every big team in the world wanted Haaland to join and we are absolutely delighted that he chose to join Manchester City. “I think he has a connection with the fans. Haaland made what I think is a very wise decision and I think for us, what is a super decision. We are getting what is truly a phenomenal player who can give us great memories moving forward. He will fit very nicely with this group.” The Times also claim 'another priority' for City this summer is to negotiate a new contract with Rodri after an impressive campaign. The holding midfielder scored in the final-day comeback victory over Aston Villa which secured the title, and the former Atletico Madrid star has two years left on his deal. 