But while this is generally being treated as something to be worried about, for those of us who were there the first time around, there is a lot to celebrate. The 1970s were once dubbed the decade that style forgot but frankly that is a misnomer, there was an awful lot to love. For a start, Roger Moore was James Bond. He may have a few detractors, but Roger was my first 007 (something I have in common with his daughter Deborah, as I discovered when I met her a few years ago) and he remains my favourite to this day. Who would not rather have a few hours hanging out with that James rather than the most recent incarnation, a navel-gazing would-be Hamlet rather than the world's most successful spy? Roger gave the impression he was having an awful lot of fun, something Daniel Craig could never be accused of. Bring back that Bond. But that was not all. Abba were at their peak. The clothes for women were amazing, especially the evening dresses (I will admit that for men, kipper ties were not such a good look.) Prawn cocktails were on the menu, as they seem to be once more, and what is more delicious than lettuce, crustaceans and some Marie Rose sauce? And while the height of culinary sophistication was still considered to be pineapples wrapped in foil with cheese-laden toothpicks sticking out of them, a foodie revolution was on the horizon. Britain was about to move from overcooked cabbage to avocados. What is not to like? Television comedy was actually funny: Remember The Good Life, Dad's Army, Fawlty Towers, Porridge and Morecombe and Wise? Even Woody Allen was funny back then. How times have changed. The 1970s was not a decade of offence-taking: we had real worries, not least the Cold War, which meant we did not mind people telling the odd boundary-pushing joke. They did so without swearing, however, which was not socially acceptable on television back then, which meant people had to rely on their native wit. There were some very good films back in the 1970s, including The Godfather, The Deerhunter, Kramer vs Kramer and the start of the Star Wars series of films. Admittedly there were a fair few downsides which need not bother us here, but in the mid-1970s our greatest post-war prime minister was elected to lead her party and four years later she got into office, leading to a thrilling national revival. Comedian Joe Lycett was investigated by the police after an audience member complained about one of his jokes. Just as well the police have nothing serious to worry about then, such as the tide of knife crime sweeping the country. Actually, this is not the fault of the Old Bill. If they are told to follow up such fatuous idiocy they do not have much choice. We have had WFH: courtesy of the rail strikes and hot, sunny weather, we now have WFTB, or "working from the beach". Britain's army of employees took the RMT's industrial action in their stride and promptly decamped to the sand, but here is a new problem. What is the etiquette of WFTB? Is a bikini acceptable in a Zoom office meeting? Sandals in the office are totally unacceptable on men but it is a whole different story when you have got waves crashing close at hand. The Duchess of Cornwall has given an extremely revealing interview to Vogue, in which she talked about how hard it was when she first entered public life. In other words, it is the sort of interview that almost no senior member of the Royal Family ever gives, ever. Gary Lineker has said he was bullied when he was younger because of the darkness of his skin. Really?? No question of jumping on a bandwagon there, then. According to a new survey, four in 10 Britons are more likely to order breakfast in than make it themselves. They cannot even be bothered to go to the shops to buy it. Rail strike leader Mick Lynch has said he wants to be a modern day Arthur Scargill. Does he know what actually happened to the original Arthur Scargill? That he helped destroy his own industry while being defeated by a Conservative prime minister? A "fashion expert" has said that the striking black dress Princess Diana wore on the night Prince Charles admitted adultery on national television was a "revenge dress". And this is news? Most of us worked that one out 28 years ago. Coming next: bears like to address their bodily functions in the woods. The opening of Glastonbury coincides with predicted thunderstorms. Oh dear, what a shame, never mind. Spain has said that it will start to fine tourists for urinating in the sea.