The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have travelled back to the UK to celebrate the historic Platinum Jubilee of the Queen in person. And, unlike during their short trip to Windsor in April, this time they are being accompanied by their two children, Archie and Lili. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** This trip will provide the chance for the Queen to be introduced face to face to the Sussexes' daughter who, born on June 4 at a Santa Barbara hospital, has yet to meet her great-grandmother. And royal commentator Richard Kay said if a picture of their meeting was released it would provide a powerful image, which could have long-lasting ramifications for the Royal Family and the Sussexes. Mr Kay wrote in the Daily Mail: "A photograph of Lilibet meeting Lilibet would be a more eloquent symbol of family unity and forgiveness than any anonymous briefing. "It could also be a powerful metaphor for things to come." The commentator went on to claim the Duke and Duchess are on "probation" during their stay in the UK, in particular amid reports they may be tempted to return into the royal fold if the careers they are trying to establish across the pond aren't as successful as they hoped for. He said: "What nobody knows is how, whatever the generosity being shown by the Queen, Harry and Meghan will react to their much-reduced walk-on roles in this Jubilee story. "Ten years ago at the Diamond Jubilee and 20 years ago at the Golden Jubilee, Harry was a central figure in the celebrations and in every balcony money-shot. "Today, how far he has travelled to the edge of royal life will be uncomfortably clear to him. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie dazzles as she attends Queen's Jubilee display "But it is just possible that the daughter he named after his beloved grandmother, and his son, could yet hold a route back to the way it was." In 2012, on the last royal balcony appearance part of the Diamond Jubilee celebrations, Prince Harry was one of the few members of the Firm to join the Queen. This was seen as a sign the future monarchy would count on a reduced number of members to become a more agile and cost-effective institution. However, following his decision to step down as full-time working royal, Harry is no longer being envisaged in plans for the future of the monarchy. This year, the Duke and Duchess won't step onto the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast alongside other members of the Firm. This is because last month the Queen shared her decision to only be joined by royals who carry out public duties. A spokesman for Her Majesty said at the time: "After careful consideration, the Queen has decided that this year's traditional Trooping the Colour balcony appearance on Thursday 2nd of June will be limited to Her Majesty and those members of the Royal Family who are currently undertaking official public duties on behalf of the Queen". On the other hand, Meghan and Harry will remain within the Palace walls and watch the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Office. They will have the chance to come together with their royal relatives following the flypast, as the monarch is holding a private lunch at her London residence this afternoon. Royal editor Roya Nikkhah tweeted: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will join members of the Royal Family to watch the parade from the Major General’s office at Horse Guards Parade, the Duke of York will not be present. "The Royal Family are then expected to have lunch with the Queen at Buckingham Palace." Meghan and Harry are expected to take part in a number of family events over the coming days. While there hasn't been confirmation yet, they are likely to head to St Paul's Cathedral tomorrow for the service of thanksgiving. This is expected to be the only event of this special bank holiday weekend to be also attended by the Duke of York. Prince Harry and Meghan could also head to the concert held at Buckingham Palace on Saturday alongside younger members of the Firm. On the day, however, they are expected to privately mark the first birthday of their daughter.