The flight was donated by United Airlines and will contain more than 300,000 pounds or approximately 3.7 million 8-ounce bottle equivalents of Kendamil infant formula and will begin shipping on June 9. A shortage of baby milk in the US was partly triggered by Abbott Laboratories' manufacturing plant in Michigan recalling some products in February. The emergency shipments will contain more than 300,000 pounds or approximately 3.7 million 8-ounce bottle equivalents of Kendamil infant formula. Specifically, the flights will contain approximately 3.2 million 8-ounce bottle equivalents of Kendamil Classic Stage 1 and 540,000 8-ounce bottle equivalents of Kendamil Organic. White House saids that the Kendamil formula available through Operation Fly Formula will be distributed and available for purchase at selected US retailers nationwide, as well as online. This first shipment, which includes Kendamil Classic and Kendamil Organic formula, will be available at Target stores across the US in the coming weeks. United Airlines will transport Kendamil formula free of charge from Heathrow Airport in London to multiple airports across the US over a three-week period.  White House announced that this will be the first Operation Formula Flight to be donated by an airline carrier. Operation Fly Formula was launched to speed up the import of infant formula and start getting more formula to stores as soon as possible. Under the operation, the US Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health and Human Services are authorized to use Department of Defense-contracted commercial aircraft to pick up overseas infant formula that meets the country's health and safety standards, so it can get to store shelves faster. To date, Operation Fly Formula has brought in the equivalent of 1.5 million 8-ounce bottles of infant formula to the US. Last week, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced that the agency is exercising enforcement discretion so that Kendal Nutricare can import infant formula under the Kendamil brand. Kendal Nutricare has announced that they will export up to 2 million cans of Kendamil infant formula – the equivalent of at least 54 million 8-ounce bottles to the United States. In the meantime, the US is also in talks with Australia, with the latter looking into facilitating exports to assist with the shortages. A spokesperson for Australia's Department of Agriculture, Water and the Environment said in an statement: "The Australian government will continue to work with the Biden Administration to confirm regulatory arrangements and facilitate exports of infant formula." 