Coronation Street fans have been following Cathy Matthews (played by Melanie Hill) as one of the stalwarts of the cobbles in the ITV soap. She joined the show in 2015 as a love interest for widower Roy Cropper (David Neilson). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why the actress has decided to step down. Cathy has been through a lot since she joined the soap as she became a compulsive hoarder after the head of her husband Alan. Roy was there to help Cathy overcome her addiction and the pair fell for each other. However, in classic Corrie fashion, Cathy was jilted at the altar on their planned wedding day. Since then, fans of the soap have watched her relationship with nephew Alex Warner (Liam Bairstow) develop. The character has been at the centre of tragic romances and shocking scandals for many years, but the community stalwart has said goodbye to the cobbles. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Carla Connor exits after Peter split She said the reason for her exit from the soap is that she is prioritising taking care of her 88-year-old mother. Her mum's health prompted her decision to leave, and she explained: "It’s not been an easy thing to decide. "My family has been important but the pandemic has made a lot of people think about the future. “It has changed a lot of things in my head. You’ve just got to see what’s important to you." The star paid tribute to her co-stars when she explained it was the right time to leave. "I absolutely love everybody but it’s made me think about my family a lot and what the priorities are in my life,” she told The Mirror. Family is of great importance to the actress and she also plans to spend more time with her grandchildren over in Australia. The star is hoping to continue her career in dramas with a schedule better suited to family life. The 60-year-old actress said the door has been left open for her beloved character to return to Coronation Street. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Daniel left heartbroken as Daisy's murdered [THEORY] Coronation Street could face same fate as Neighbours warns star [INTERVIEW] Coronation Street theory: Sally starts steamy affair with therapist [THEORY] She teased she would be "a stone's throw away from Weatherfield". The star announced her exit back in May 2022 and John Whiston, head of ITV in the north, said Cathy has been a fantastic character for many years. He said: "We’re sad Melanie is taking time away – she is such a skilled actress that she can deliver sadness and laughter, drama and comedy often in the same scene. We will all miss her hugely.” The soap star had been staying in Sunderland to look after her mother Sylvia at the time. Her sister had been unable to look after their mother due to an injury. Melanie said now she is able to leave Corrie behind her for the time being, she will not have to worry about "letting people down". She explained: "If I was still working on Corrie, I would have been going out of my mind with worry." “I’m hoping I can do jobs now that I’ll be able to work around my family,” she continued.  Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.