Naga Munchetty was leading the Queen's Platinum Jubilee coverage on Saturday's BBC Breakfast outside Buckingham Palace. During the special instalment, Naga interviewed royal correspondent Sarah Campbell about the reason Britons chose to have Jubilee street parties on Friday rather than Sunday. When Sarah explained it was due to the weather, Naga joked that weather reporter Matt Taylor was no longer needed.  Naga told Sarah: "It's amazing how everyone is embracing this because the street parties are supposed to be tomorrow, aren't they?" Sarah said she believed many "canny" people have been looking at the weather forecast and moved their parties to Friday as the weather was sunny and warm. She continued: "Friday was much better, today is [okay] and tomorrow is not so good, so I think people have been getting them out the way on Thursday and Friday - and why not?" Naga took a cheeky swipe at weather reporter Matt following Sarah's unintentional weather update. READ MORE: Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return She quipped: "Do you know what? Matt is going to be really worried because you have just done the weather really quickly. "We know what is happening now and I don't see there is any point for him now." However, Sarah reminded Naga that Matt "is the expert" to which she raise her hands and agreed.   People from across the nation headed to parks to celebrate the Jubilee on Friday as the temperature reached 22 degrees in many parts of the country. The official celebrations began on Thursday with the Queen's Birthday Parade taking place at Horseguard Parade in London. It was followed by a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s on Friday, royal attendance at the Epsom Derby on Saturday and then a Party at the Palace on Saturday night with some of the largest names in music performing. Queen and Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Andrea Bocelli, Ella Eyre, Craig David and Duran Duran are some of the names performing. DON'T MISS...Naga Munchetty's appearance mocked by BBC co-star 'What is that?' [REACTION]Republic torn apart after shock claim in Monarchy row 'Abolish it' [LATEST]Naga Munchetty makes demands as she struggles through royal coverage [UPDATE] The four-day bank holiday weekend will be rounded off with the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday which will culminate in 150 national treasures, including Ed Sheeran, paying tribute to the monarch. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said: "For 70 years the Queen has been the ultimate symbol of what it means to be British. "Her steadfast leadership and unwavering service through good and bad has been an inspiration to so many. "With four days of celebrations and millions around the world taking part, this weekend will be a fitting tribute and celebration of her service and dedication to the people of the UK and the Commonwealth."  Huge screens broadcasting Saturday's concert will be placed in The Mall, in London, Edinburgh’s Princes Street Gardens and in Cardiff’s Bute Park. The Jubilee events will continue to be broadcast on the BBC, Sky and ITV so viewers at home can be part of the celebrations. Swarms of reporters from around the globe have flocked to London to cover the historic celebrations. BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One. 