Mr Boyes claimed that Russian President Vladimir Putin has made major miscalculations when it comes to his ongoing invasion of Ukraine. President Putin has been at war with neighbouring Ukraine for over three months and Western countries have boycotted Russian gas and oil impacting the Russian economy. The British journalist claimed Putin was accelerating Western countries' plans to completely stop using Russian gas and oil.  Mr Boyes discussed countries seeking to invest in their own supply of natural liquified gas so that they no longer have to purchase from Russia and help them fund the war. Mr Boyes told Times Radio: "Putin thought he could sort of wing it, climate change for Russia means melting the Arctic amongst other things. "Which can actually increase opportunities for him to you know, make money and exercise power. "But by choosing to invade Ukraine and this time he did, he's accelerating everybody's plans to drop oil and gas, it's just the way it is. "Even Germany you know is looking very intently for the moment anyway, at liquified natural gas.  JUST IN: Scale of Boris betrayal laid bare in stunning map – 90 rebels kept quiet     Mr Boyes added: "So all sorts of exit routes from you know the leverage that Russia is exercising on European countries, so there is. "So the end result is that Russia is going to get poorer faster than they expected and Putin is going to be the man at the helm when that happens. "So instead of a net-zero Europe like mid-century, so 2040, 2045 something like that. "Now people are talking about 2030 and that's still within Putin's official, you know, unfortunately within his official running time as President, and that's a lot to worry about." READ MORE:‘Three out of five’ Belgium mocks royal blunders in Queen’s Platinum Jubilee tribute     Western Governments have been working tirelessly to impose tough sanctions on Russia in order to de-escalate the invasion. Estonian politician Kaja Kallas explained the impact oil and gas sanctions were starting to have on Estonia's own economy. Ms Kallas said: "We are at a point when sanctions start to hurt our side. "At first the sanctions were only difficult for Russia but now we are coming to a point when the sanctions are painful for our own countries, and now the question is how much pain are we willing to endure.  A former aide to Margaret Thatcher and foreign policy expert Nile Gardiner, has claimed Russia is weaker than Western NATO-aligned countries when it comes to military strength. Despite ongoing threats and intimidation tactics from President Putin to wipe out the West, if they overstep the mark when it comes to giving aid to Ukraine. Mr Gardiner told Express.co.uk: "The reality is the use of nuclear weapons by Russia would be the end of Russia, and they know that. "This has been the state of affairs since World War Two, and every Russian leader since then understands Russia making the first move with a nuclear strike would be the end of Russia. "Even the UK on its own has the ability to cripple Russia with its nuclear arsenal, let alone what the US has at its disposal. "In fact, just defence from the UK alone if the Russians strike Britain would mean the end of Russia." 