The National Lottery Set for Life Draw - while different to its usual jackpot payouts - still promises a hefty reward. People competing for the grand prize receive what is, in effect, a salary from the organisation. Entrants don't have long left to buy a ticket ahead of the draw, which could set them up for decades. Set for Life draws boast an unusual jackpot that provides winners with £10,000 a month for 30 years. The arrangement would give the winner £3,600,000 over the period combined. READ MORE: Boris Johnson announces big change to ISAs in Universal Credit change The Set for Life numbers for tonight's draw are now live. The main numbers are 29, 10, 35, 21 and 23. The life ball vital for the jackpot is four tonight. People can gain more than just the jackpot tonight, as their tickets could bag them a range of prizes. Set for Life draws ask people to pick a ticket with five numbers and one life ball. The jackpot is reserved for one ticket holder who manages to match the numbers announced tonight. Lottery organisers have included another selection of prizes for those not lucky enough to claim the top prize. In total, there are eight prizes people can win tonight, each requiring select matching numbers. Tonight's prizes include: Five matching numbers and a matching Life Ball: £10,000 every month for 30 years Five matching numbers: £10,000 every month for one year Four matching numbers and a matching Life Ball: £250 Four matching numbers: £50 Three matching numbers and a matching Life Ball: 30 Three matching numbers: £20 Two matching numbers and a matching Life Ball: £10 Two matching numbers: £5 A win for tonight's draw would add to a bumper week for the National Lottery, which recently announced one lucky winner had claimed a top prize in a previous jackpot. Camelot announced today that one person claimed a £3.8 million jackpot from May 28. The win is the second of early June, as another person has won a mammoth £20 million prize. The winner bought a winning ticket for the June 4 "Must Be Won" draw but has not yet claimed the jackpot.