F2 star Cem Bolukbasi’s father has been banned from the British Grand Prix after a fight with Roy Nissany’s trainer in Azerbaijan. The FIA claim the Turkish star’s dad, Yavuz Bolukbasi, was involved in a "provoked heated verbal exchange" with Nissany as he stormed the team's paddock tent. However, the FIA claims the fight escalated as Nissany’s trainer got involved. This led to some pushing and physical contact between Mr Bolukbasi and Nissany’s team trainer Francesco. The FIA stressed that physical violence will not be tolerated in the paddock and have slapped a series of punishments on the family. Cem Bolukbasi has been fined £4,282 (5000 euros) which must be paid within 48 hours. The FIA also confirmed Yazuv’s accreditation will be "withdrawn for the next event" which is Silverstone at the start of July. The FIA report read: “After an on-track incident between Cars 16 and 23 the father of the driver of Car 23, Mr Yavuz Bolukbasi, along with the driver's manager went to the DAMS Paddock tent. READ MORE: Two drivers who could replace Lewis Hamilton at Canada GP “Mr Bolukbasi admitted that he lost his temper when he thought that the driver of Car 16 made a derogatory comment about his son. At the DAMS tent Mr Bolukbasi provoked a heated verbal exchange with the driver of Car 16. As the verbal exchange escalated the trainer for Roy Nissany became involved and there was some pushing and physical contact between the father and the trainer (Francesco). “No punches were exchanged and the unwanted guests were removed from the area. At no time will physical violence, nor the threat of such be tolerated. “In keeping with ISC (International Sporting Code) Art 9.15.1 Competitors are responsible for all acts of persons to whom they have given access to the Reserved Areas. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell warns Ferrari that Mercedes not 'a million miles away' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton provides worrying update casting doubt on Canada GP [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton backed to be 'different beast' by George Russell [ANALYSIS] “The threat of violence and the actual minor scuffle that took place as initiated by Mr Bolukbasi are determined to be a breach of ISC 12.2.1(c).” The fight was caused after the pair collided during the Formula 2 feature race held hours before the F1 Grand Prix. Both drivers were forced to retire after making contact after going side-by-side into turn two. Nissany held the outside line but Bolukbasi slammed into his tyres, throwing both cars into the wall. Moments later, Nissany branded the Charouz driver an ‘idiot’ over his team radio. However, Bolukbasi protested his innocence in the collision, adding: “he just f****** hit me man.” Yavuz Bolukbasi issued a statement claiming he wanted to "correct" the FIA statement. He told Autosport: "After the accident, I went to their tent to discuss the word he used for Cem, and Nissany swore heavily at me. After that there was a verbal argument between us."