The Paramount Network drama’s official Instagram account has posted a touching memorial to Buster Welch, who appeared as himself in the show’s fourth season. Yellowstone fans and crew members have now sent their own tributes to the legendary cutting horse trainer, who died on Sunday at the age of 94. Horse trainer and Texas Cowboy Hall of Fame inductee Buster appeared as himself in Yellowstone’s season four episode, Under A Blanket Of Red. The trainer gave 6666 newcomer Jimmy Hurdstrom (played by Jefferson White) some vital advice to turn him into a bona fide cowboy after his departure from the Dutton Ranch. He appeared with fellow guest star Barry Corbin, best known for his Western roles in Urban Cowboy, No Country For Old Men and Lonesome Dove. Yellowstone’s Instagram post read: “We're saddened to hear of the passing of Buster Welch.” READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series “You might recognize him from #YellowstoneTV season 4, but the horse trainer and cutting expert was a legend long before that. May he rest in peace.” On the account’s latest IG Story, showrunner Taylor Sheridan paid tribute, saying: “A legend was lost today. “Buster Welch rode into the sunset this morning, leaving behind a legacy that changed the performance horse world forever. “He will be missed and we will be forever grateful for all his wisdom and his contributions to the quarter horse world.” “He was a cowboy. He was a showman. He was a friend to all who knew him.” The show’s update was met with hundreds of touching comments from fans to celebrate Buster’s long career and Yellowstone cameo. Actor Rob Kirkland, who worked with Taylor on his HBO drama Mayor of Kingstown, simply wrote: “Legend.” Yellowstone’s Ryan star Ian Bohen replied the same when the tribute was posted on the show’s Twitter page. IG user @irishangel8690 replied: “So sad but at 94 I bet he lived an incredible and adventurous life. “May he rest in paradise where he'll train horses freely. Prayers for his wife & family.” DON'T MISS:Richard Madeley rages as Prince Andrew eyes return [VIDEO]The Last Kingdom star praises Alexander Dreymon’s directing [INTERVIEW]The Boys’ Black Noir opens up on tragic origin story [INSIGHT] “He was a good friend of my Grandpa Ed Smith as they were Cutting Champions in the same era,” recalled @_mrs.thompson_777. “Buster will be greatly missed but he lived a long beautiful life! Back in the saddle in Heaven.” Yellowstone fan @strollini commented: “This is very sad news and my deepest sympathies to his family and friends. “I feel so honoured that I was able to see him so recently in Yellowstone. He was truly a real cowboy legend. RIP Mr. Welch.” On Twitter, Lezli Muse said: “What a legacy he has left behind. What a life he has led. What a privilege it was to watch him on Yellowstone.” And Daisy Clover tweeted: “Rest in peace. He will be missed. “He's now free of earthly boundaries, running with his beloved horses of days gone by, over the clouds.” (sic) With a spin-off centred on the 6666 Ranch on the way, Yellowstone fans could expect more cowboy and Western legends to make an appearance in the near future. The hit Western drama will also be returning for a fifth season in November this year, with series lead Kevin Costner joined by several newcomers to the cast. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-4 will be available to stream on Paramount Plus when it launches in the UK later this year.