The story of Westworld originally began at the extraordinary Wild-West themed amusement park populated by android "hosts" six years ago. Plenty has happened since the early days of the HBO and Sky Atlantic drama as chaos quickly took over, particularly in the third season. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch Westworld's upcoming series. Westworld is going to return to the small screen on Sunday, June 26, at 9pm EST (Eastern Standard Time) on HBO and HBO Max. The network and streaming service are only available in America and so UK fans have to go about it a different way if they wish to watch the latest episodes. Season four will debut in the UK the following day on Monday, June 27, on Sky Atlantic and NOW streaming service. While the release date and time will technically differ from that in the States, Westworld is coming out at the exact same time. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen The variation in when the series premieres is simply down to different time zones. So as Westworld airs at 9pm EST in America, the same episode is going to air at 2am BST (British Summer Time) on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK. For those who aren't keen on staying up until the early hours to watch the drama, there is an alternative. The same instalment is going to be repeated at 9pm on the same platforms for the duration of the series. Like with previous seasons, the fourth outing of Westworld is going to be releasing new episodes weekly rather than in one go. So there will be no opportunity for fans of the sci-fi series to binge-watch whenever they choose. Season four is going to be made up of eight episodes, following the pattern of its third series. The first two had 10 episodes each so the later series are a little shorter for an unbeknown reason. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe details ‘horrible day’ on set [FILMING]Westworld's Ed Harris, 71, debuts long hair on red carpet [CAST]Westworld: Yul Brynner 'was always in pain' shares James Brolin WATCH [EXPLAINER] All of the instalments are going to have a rough running time of 50 minutes each. Ahead of the series making its big debut, the titles of each episode have been released. The schedule for Westworld season four looks like this: Episode 1 - The Auguries Episode 2 - Well Enough Alone Episode 3 - Annees Folles Episode 4 - Generation Loss Episode 5 - Zhuangzi Episode 6 - Fidelity Episode 7 - Metanoia Episode 8 - Que Sera, Sera The world has changed a lot since the third season of Westworld which came out two years ago. Series four will be set seven years after the events of the finale and has been described as a "dark odyssey about the fate of sentient life on Earth." It has been revealed that it will include a new amusement park with a 1930s American Mafia setting. Westworld season 4 premieres on Sunday, June 26, on HBO and HBO Max in America and Monday, June 27, on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.