Peter Phillips, 44, is the eldest son of Princess Anne and the Queen’s eldest grandchild. He was previously married to Autumn Phillips, whom he married in 2008. The couple divorced in 2021, and now Peter has a new partner.  Peter and Lindsay Wallace had barely been seen in public together prior to the Platinum Jubilee. What was their body language like? Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “Peter and Lindsay seem to have opted for a rather discreet approach to the very public launch of their relationship at the Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'draws strength' from 'pitch perfect' Meghan Markle “Both sitting in the royal box and appearing at the races, there is a trait of leaning apart, and some rather deadpan facial expressions rather than anything more tactile or expressive,” the expert claimed. Autumn Phillips still has a close relationship with her ex-sister-in-law Zara Tindall, as well as other members of the Royal Family. The two women were photographed together a few weeks ago at Mike Tindall’s charity golf event smiling and laughing. What effect would this have on Lindsay? Judi opined: “Integration into your partner’s family can always be tricky, especially when his ex-wife was and still is as popular with them as Autumn appears to be. “Peter’s recent appearances with his ex-wife have included the kind of body language that suggests they are still taking delight in one another’s company, with lots of smiling and eye contact. “As an ex-school friend of Zara’s though, Lindsay shouldn’t find the royal experience too daunting,” the expert noted. The 40-year-old went to school with Zara at the £40,000-a-year school Gordonstoun in Scotland.  Judi continued: “The suggestion in these poses is that it’s Lindsay primarily wanting to give no clues away about her feelings for Peter. “Her angle of body lean is surprisingly similar in all the photos, whereas Peter does seem to be turning his head towards her at least.” The couple was photographed beside the Princess Royal. What was her body language like?  Judi suggested: “Princess Anne’s appearance at his other side in the royal box does look like a stamp of approval, however. “She was so upbeat, jolly and playful over the jubilee that there appears to be a lack of any tension in the family group,” the expert claimed. Lindsay Wallace is the daughter of an oil tycoon. She is a mother of two and separated but not yet divorced from her current husband, as reported by The Sun. 