It will feel as if you’re speaking a different language to those around you. There will be an intense yearning to find your own private space. Contention in a neighbourhood forum will contribute to the tension you are already feeling. Is the matter so important for you to go through such stress and strain for? Your emotions are all over the place, which is not like you at all. There will be moments when you feel elated and other times when you feel empty, and there seems to be nothing in between. You’re trying to get your head around a recent incident which has left you both relieved and concerned at the same time. You are starting to wonder whether circumstances are conspiring to prevent you from achieving a special goal. Nothing seems to be going your way. Don’t give in too quickly. Someone you know will have the knowledge or experience to help you, and time will change this negative way of thinking.  Be careful not to let an online relationship slip into something else. Meeting up with someone you met on a social networking site could be a big mistake, especially if you are already in a committed relationship. You don’t and won’t want to let anything destroy what you already have. Be sensible. A romantic proposition will feel like a dream come true. Are you single? You could meet someone special on a short journey or holiday. If you are in a committed relationship, joint plans will be agreed upon, and this will inspire you with hope for a happier future. Be careful not to criticise a sensitive colleague for mistakes they are making. Relationships will be more harmonious if, instead of finding faults, you show more understanding towards someone who is struggling. You might try to lead by example in a discreet way of giving help to others.  Even when you aren’t working, your thoughts are on issues relating to your job. A senior colleague is refusing to proceed with some arrangements unless their conditions are accepted. There seems to be no other alternative than to follow their directions even though you aren’t happy about it. You wouldn’t have offered to help someone if you weren’t serious about it. You will give your all to someone who asks for your assistance. It’s always better to lend a hand than lift a finger. A business or financial deal could fall through, but this is not the end. An alternative arrangement will be suggested. Someone who is used to getting their own way keeps rejecting your ideas and plans. The reason why they always want to have the last word does not matter. What matters is that you start finding a way to have your own ideas taken seriously, and to do this, you need to round up some enthusiastic support.  People disappoint you, and you are seriously thinking about the value of some relationships in your life. As you encounter bumpy patches in friendships, form and fight for what you believe in. You will notice a measurable difference in relationships if you take on a more determined stance. Making an agreement on someone else’s terms will go against your freedom-loving spirit. You might go along with their demands to keep the peace, but it won’t be long before you realise you cannot remain in this type of situation. Further talks are necessary. You’re growing tired of how others take your kind and helpful nature for granted. It isn’t fair that they are piling more on your shoulders. Think twice before letting your temper get the better of you. There are subtle methods of letting others know it is time to pull their weight. 