ITV presenter Lorraine Kelly took to Twitter to congratulate Janey Godley after the comedian revealed that scans had shown she is now cancer free. It comes after the star broke the news that she had been diagnosed with stage three ovarian cancer back in November, which saw her undergo a hysterectomy and rounds of chemotherapy. Reposting Janey's post in view of her 705,000 followers, Lorraine wrote: "HURRAH!! Great news." Declaring it an "emotional day", Janey Goodley, 61, could scarcely hold back the tears as she announced that she'd been given the all-clear and was cancer free. She told her 258,000 followers: "I've just had the phone call from the cancer specialist and the scan has come back clear. "There's no evidence of the disease, so after a hysterectomy and six rounds of chemo and a blood transfusion, it seems like the NHS has definitely saved my life. READ NOW: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux "I want to thank everyone who looked after me," she added gratefully, referencing NHS, a cancer care organisation and her friend Shirley who helped her in the aftermath of her harrowing hysterectomy. "I'm now on tablets called PAP inhibitors which I take daily in the hope that it stops the cancer returning," she explained. "As it stands, the scan is clear, so I want to thank everybody who supported me, everybody who sent me love [and] so much strength and told me that they were thinking of me," Janey continued, "My cup is full with gratefulness!" she ended the clip. Gesturing to her bright purple knitted hat, she thanked her fans for knitting her the headwear amid her cancer treatment. Following Janey's health update, her followers rushed to the comments to react to the good news. Twitter user @arthurshackle wrote: "Get out on that stage again but don’t overdo things again." "Amazing I’m so pleased for you, your journey was difficult but you faced it like a warrior," @ElizabethWink2 commented. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker addresses ‘difficult’ issue working with Alex Scott [INSIGHT] Kirstie Allsopp narrowly avoids hospital after 'swallowing AirPod' [LATEST] Fred Sirieix addresses 'trivial' food fights with Gordon Ramsay [EXCLUSIVE] @anniedeej chimed in: "Just listened to your message MAHOOSIVE congratulations you must be relieved & overwhelmed." @jintygal31 wished her "continuing good health" and added: "Hope to see her back in business soon!" ITV star Lorraine has been a public voice of support throughout Janey's cancer battle, often writing touching posts to encourage her along the way. Janey announced that she was suffering with the disease last November and had a terrifying bout of coronavirus in the midst of her illness. In turn, it led to an operation to remove a tumour to be delayed. However, Lorraine has consistently wished her luck with major milestones, such as accepting her long, thick locks were gone during the treatment, and going into hospital to have surgery. It was also Lorraine who she spoke to during an interview in November 2021 when she revealed to followers that she was living with the disease. She spoke of a "horrible pain" in her stomach and struggling to eat because she constantly felt full. Experiencing severe symptoms in the midst of a sell-out stand-up tour, she explained: "I looked about seven months pregnant. I kept on touching my tummy and weeing all the time."