During Friday's This Morning, ITV hosts Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond welcomed Matthew Wright and Gyles Brandreth to chat about the latest news headlines. The main focus of the segment was on the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which began on Thursday with the Trooping of the Colour. Thousands of people stood outside Buckingham Palace to greet Queen Elizabeth II and the rest of the Royal Family as they stepped out on the balcony for the event. However, things got heated during This Morning when Matthew branded the entire celebration a "disgrace". "We were talking earlier and it's wonderful and the spectacle I get, but at a time when people..we are haemorrhaging money as a country. "If you were some kind of celebrity, who's spending loads... millions on parties when you're sort of bankrupt, people would be outraged and this is a disgrace but that's what we're doing as a nation." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret  "What do you think we should be doing?" Dermot asked as Matthew raged: "I think it could all be scaled down just a bit." He later went on to fume that the money funding the Jubilee was being, "Funded by the public purse." Dermot moved the conversation on to chat about the future of the Monarchy and whether we will see a more modern version when Prince William becomes King. Gyles pointed out things are very different now to what they were 70 years ago. Alison chipped in: "If this is the end of an era, surely we should be making a big deal of things? "If this is the last time where this is ever going to happen. So yeah, let's see enjoy it." Speaking about the Queen missing Friday's A Service of Thanksgiving celebration, Gyles told the hosts: "This for her would have been the most important. I mean, she is driven by duty." He went on to say that the Queen's faith has "kept her going" and so, she will be devastated to miss the service. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon admits he wasn't 'devastated' [INSIGHT]Hunniford in savage Meghan swipe upon Jubilee return [VIDEO]Adil Ray laughs as he mocks Meghan Markle's Jubilee snub [REACTION] When asked about whether the royal will be sent a copy of the service, Gyles added: "She watches a lot of TV, so she will be watching." Matthew's comments left viewers divided, although, many took to social media to disgree with him. Ryan Shaw tweeted: "@Matthew_Wright If you don’t want to celebrate the Queen’s incredible service and Platinum Jubilee, something that will probably never happen again, stay at home you killjoy. "The rest of us want to meet and have a good time after 2 years of lockdowns #ThisMorning." (sic)  Shi wrote: "Omg shut up Matthew ffs we get it #Thismorning." (sic) While user @CD13092 added: "I could understand why Gyles seems so p***ed off at Matthew." (sic) The Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations kicked off on Thursday with the Trooping of the Colour. Friday's celebrations saw the Royal Family gather together for A Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. 