Despite the 2016 referendum result, a continental cabal is still dictating our national policies and curtailing our essential freedoms. That is the only conclusion to be drawn from the outrageous decision by the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg to prevent the British Government from flying a group of asylum seekers to Rwanda under a new scheme drawn up by Priti Patel to tackle a surge in illegal immigration, particularly through the English Channel. Action has certainly been needed, not only to protect lives but also to break the stranglehold of the criminal gangs who control this illicit trade. Nearly 30,000 migrants made the dangerous crossing last year, and already more than 10,000 have reached our shores this year. In effect, a parallel immigration system has been created, making a mockery of the law and highlighting the impotence of our authorities. The Home Secretary’s bold plan was to deter the cross- Channel traffic by deporting some to Rwanda. But despite the enthusiastic support of the Rwandan government, her initiative now looks doomed, broken in my opinion by arrogant European jurists and an insidious coalition in Britain of Left-wing lawyers, social justice warriors and pressure groups. Even though our own courts had declared that the first flight under the programme was legal, the number of deportees had been drastically reduced by a barrage of claims from lawyers and their activist allies, who cynically exploited the 1998 Human Rights Act and 2015 Modern Slavery Act to paralyse the legal process. Then, a few hours before take-off to Kigali, the plane was grounded by the ruling from the Strasbourg Court to halt the deportations. Both the Strasbourg Court and the self-righteous anti-Patel brigade like to present them- selves as the guardians of humanity but that is a wilful delusion. In practice, they are acting as the collaborators of people smugglers, whose trade they have boosted and whose cruelty they have enabled. Contrary to all the smug cheers of metropolitan liberals, there is nothing enlightened about the Strasbourg Court’s decision. I think it represents a sinister attack on our democracy by an alien power. Just as dangerous and offensive is the pretence that our basic liberties in Britain stem from the European human rights regime. Yesterday shadow foreign secretary David Lammy said the Strasbourg Court “protects our rights”. That is a grotesque rewriting of history. In fact, our country had a proud tradition of freedom stretching back to Magna Carta, and it was Britain’s own leadership in the immediate aftermath of the Second World War that inspired the codification of human rights in Europe to prevent genocide and persecution. The Rwandan saga has also exposed the ideology of the courtroom agitators and their allies: that they do not believe in any controls on immigration. They are open-border zealots for whom no restrictions are acceptable and all deportations bring “shame on our nation”, to use the phrase of the Archbishop of Canterbury. They blather about “safe routes” into Britain, but that is just code for a continuation of the current anarchy, since there is no asylum seeker, no matter how bogus the claim, that they would reject. Indeed, their dogma of uncontrolled immigration is a recipe for disaster. Around the world, there are estimated to be 84 million refugees and 700 million in extreme poverty. If a significant number came to live here, our society would collapse. Mass immigration is already imposing severe strains on Britain, reflected in the unprecedented pressures on housing, welfare and the NHS. In the last year alone, more than one million foreign nationals settled here, while migrant registrations with GPs have risen 7 million since 2010. In the face of enormous demographic change, Britain has shown a remarkable spirit of generosity and tolerance, as evidenced by the recent welcome for refugees from Ukraine and Hong Kong. But that compassion is in real danger of being undermined by the antics of foreign court judgments and woke ideologues. We must reestablish our sovereignty. Therefore, a British Bill of Rights should replace the European system, which is now, in my opinion, wilfully misused by the enemies of our national integrity. It was meant to be a bulwark against tyranny, not a weapon for people traffickers and anti-border fanatics.