Healthy ammunition stocks are vital both for Russian and Ukrainian forces in the ongoing war, given the enormous rate of attrition. The Washington Post today reported that Russia could son exhaust its combat capabilities due to shortages. After Moscow last week claimed Severodonetsk, intelligence officials told the Post such advances would be difficult not only to replicate but to hold. They stressed that Russia’s “creeping” advances were reliant on a great deal of ammunition and artillery shells. Similar difficulties are being faced by Ukrainian forces, though to a much greater extent. An intelligence seen earlier this month by the Independent revealed that they are outgunned 20 to one in artillery and 40 to one in ammunition. READ MORE: Russia defaults on foreign debt for first time in 104 YEARS The artillery it does hold in its possession is also inferior to that of the Russian armed forces. Ukrainian artillery shelling is restricted to a range of roughly 15.5 miles, according to the report, whereas that of Russia is 12 times greater. Intelligence officials added that there are increasing cases of desertion because of this state of affairs. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Intelligence officials added that there are increasing cases of desertion because of this state of affairs. Much of the West has come together to fund fresh artillery and ammunition for Ukraine, but some suggest rising living costs at home and the dominance of other political happenings could distract attention from the war. Upon visiting Volodymyr Zelensky in Kyiv for the second time since the beginning of the “special military operation”, Boris Johnson insisted the UK “wiki be with you until you ultimately prevail”. Downing Street also offered to launch a “major programme” which it said could train up to 10,000 troops every 120 days. More than this number of Ukrainian soldiers are dying in this period of time in the Donbas alone, however. Voters on the streets of Nottingham earlier this month stressed that leaders should be doing more to prioritise peace talks, in the hope of bringing the conflict to an end. Septuagenarian Stewart Crisp, citing a quote attributed to Winston Churchill, told Express.co.uk there could be more “jaw jaw”, less “war war”.