This year has seen a whole host of household costs increases from the energy price cap rise to surging inflation and food prices and increasing cost of petrol which is costing families hundreds or even thousands of pounds extra per year. However, Britons who are eligible for state benefits like Universal Credit, Jobseekers Allowance and Pension Credit could claim additional freebies that could save them thousands of pounds.   Universal Credit claimants, as well as those in receipt of legacy benefits and Pension Credit are set to get a cost of living payment worth £650. The money will be tax-free and will not count towards the benefit cap. It will also not have any impact on existing benefits and will be available to claimants across the UK. Those who are claiming free school meals are able to enrol into the Government's holiday activities and food programme over the summer months. This programme provides £200million worth of funding for 152 local councils over the next three yars and is for school aged children from reception to year 11. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak to give pensioners extra £850 to beat rising inflation and energy bills The programmes provide activities and at least one meal a day for those who attend. The Government's Healthy Start Scheme can also help with the cost of food with it offering parents on low incomes prepaid card payments of up to £442 a year to shop at major suprtmarkets. What can be purchased with the card includes cow's milk, fresh, frozen or tinned fruit and vegetables, infant formula milk and fresh, dried, and tinned pulses. Families may also be eligible for tax-free childcare or the childcare costs for over the summer months. The costs however are paid upfront and claimed back.  Families could claim back up to 85 percent of their childcare costs up to £646 for one child or £1,108 for two or more up to August 31 following the child’s 16th birthday. Meanwhile, expectant mothers can apply for a maternity grant of £1,000 which doesn’t need to be paid back. Universal Credit claimants can also apply for a budgeting loan adding up to £812, if they are a couple with children. This could be to help with unexpected costs this summer and can be paid back over a period of 12 months. In regards to council tax, those on Universal Credit can apply to pay less however this must be done seperatly to the Universal Credit claim. People are able to apply straight away and do not need to wait until their claim for Universal Credit has been approved or paid. Alongside the support announced for rising energy costs, large families are also able to claim help with their water bills through the Government's WaterSure Scheme. Other support which can be provided includes free or cheap broadband from TalkTalk, Virgin Media and BT as well as a reduction for BT phone calls. Alongside this, those on Universal Credit can claim free prescriptions, free dental treatment, and free eye tests and discounted glasses as well as travel costs for the treatment. Travel can also be claimed with those on Universal Credit able to apply for half price bus and discounted rail fares. Announced in March this year, the Government announced that households would receive a £150 rebate to help them with energy costs. Although it was supposed to be paid in April many are still waiting. The government has given local authorites the deadline of September 30 to issue the money. Meaning that many will receive the £150 over the summer months. During the pandemic, the number of people claiming Universal Credit almost doubled to 5.8million people. Some 40 percent of those are in work but claim Universal Credit to top up their income. New claimants might not be aware they are able to claim multliple areas of financial support which can lead to 30 additional ways to save money.