Kunal Nayyar became a household name after starring in CBS’ highly acclaimed sitcom Big Bang Theory, where he portrayed Raj Koothrappali. As the series ended in 2019, the actor has taken on a new role as executive producer in his upcoming project, Diya.  After securing major success following his stint as Raj Koothrappali, Nayyar has since starred in major thrilling shows. However, the 41-year-old recently decided to take his career on a different journey with his new role behind the scenes. Nayyar teamed up with director Nitya Mehra to work on a Reel FX Original titled ‘Diya’. According to Deadline: “It will be a new animated feature in the vein of its 2014 20th Century Fox title, The Book of Life.” READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert While Mehra will serve as the director on ‘Diya,’ Nayyar will take a step away from the spotlight as the executive producer. The upcoming feature will be a mythology-based fantasy adventure, following the folklore of India. It will be similar to The Book of Life which was a tale based on Mexican mythology which followed Manolo (Diego Luna). He was a bullfighter embarking on a fantastical adventure on the Day of the Dead.  As well as his role as Raj, Nayaar has also lent his voice in hit animation film franchises including Trolls and Ice Age. He recently starred in the Apple TV+ series Suspicion as Aadesh Chopra who was one of four ordinary Brits accused of kidnapping the son of a prominent US media mogul. The series follows them as they embark on a desperate race against time to prove their innocence. Nayyar is also expected to feature in Adam Sandler’s upcoming Netflix sci-fi film Spaceman which will be based on the 2017 novel Spaceman of Bohemia by Jaroslav Kalfař.  DON'T MISS...Britain’s Got Talent winner Axel Blake hits back at ‘fix’ claims [INSIGHT] Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco shares sad Flight Attendant update [INSIGHT]Young Sheldon: Replacing Jim Parsons ‘didn’t seem possible’ [INSIGHT] Diya, won’t be the first project Nayyar worked on behind the scenes of, as he was recently credited as executive producer on ‘The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry’, in which he also starred. As for Mehra, her directorial debut was the science-fiction drama ‘Baar Baar Dekho,’ which was released in 2016. She then went on to direct a segment of the acclaimed Hindi-language anthology Unpaused, titled ‘Chained Mubarak,’ in 2020. Mehra is currently the showrunner, executive producer, and director of the Amazon romance series Made In Heaven, which is now in post-production for its second season.  Although Big Bang Theory aired its finale in 2019, Nayyar hinted at a possible cast reunion earlier in a few years. When asked about the possibility of a comeback, he told Comic Book: “So, when I'm 60 years old, if television still exists. “To be honest, that was a really wonderful time of my life and now I'm enjoying other endeavours as well. “And if that were to happen, then it's in the universe's hands but currently, I'm just enjoying spending time with them,” he concluded. The Big Bang Theory is available on CBS in the USA and available in the UK on Channel 4. 