Comedy A-lister Danny McBride stars as Jesse Gemstone in the black comedy-drama, the arrogant heir to an American megachurch dynasty led by his father, popular televangelist Eli Gemstone (played by John Goodman). The Righteous Gemstones has developed a strong cult following on HBO, and recurring star Chloe Traicos has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about whether or not she’s coming back for a third season. Actress Chloe has opened up on where her character Gloria could be after splitting from husband Baby Billy Freeman (Walton Goggins) in the series’ flashbacks. Gloria was first introduced in season one as the silent yet doting wife of Eli’s brother-in-law when the series delves into the family’s past. Cutting to season two, Gloria has become unhappy in her marriage with the self-absorbed pastor and looks for a way out with their son, Harmon (Jeremy T Thomas). “I think she’s moved on, she’s remarried,” Chloe told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans “Obviously, over the years she fed her son a whole load of poison about his dad, that he was the cat. “I would say she still hates Baby Billy with a passion!” The Righteous Gemstone fans eventually discover Baby Billy left Gloria, and not the other way round, and Harmon had grown up believing his father had turned into their pet cat. Billy eventually reconciles with his grown-up son, now portrayed by guest star Macaulay Culkin, though Gloria is still out of the picture. Chloe explained: “The divorce with Gloria and Baby Billy was pretty ugly, I would say she took him to the cleaners. “So there’s a lot of bad feeling there, and she would hate Tiffany and probably any other wives he’s had in between as well!” In the present day, Billy has since remarried a much younger woman, Tiffany (Valyn Hall), and is trying his hardest to get his hands on a portion of the Gemstones’ fortune. Tiffany is much more talkative than Billy’s previous wife, as Gloria has remained conspicuously silent in her appearances to demonstrate her husband’s domineering personality. DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes savages Brit Wimbledon hopeful [VIDEO]Stranger Things season 5 theory: Mike trapped in Upside Down [THEORY]Outlander season 7: Young Ian set for major role [INSIGHT] “When we shot season two, I actually said, ‘Can I say something?’” Chloe revealed. “Because Walton’s hurling insults at me. “And they said, ‘No, we don’t want you to talk’. It’s part of the whole… that’s who Gloria is, she’s completely in Baby Billy’s shadow. So I had to do it all with my eyes, the things I wanted to say. “It was a challenge acting, and I actually think it really works for the scene. He’s this horrible person yelling abuse at me, and you can see that I hate him.” Unfortunately, Chloe added: “I’m not sure yet what the thing is with season three, I’m not allowed to say. They’re very strict about that.” Even so, the series is expected to feature more flashbacks in season three, so there’s still a strong possibility that viewers will find out more about Gloria when The Righteous Gemstones returns. Now he’s reconnected with his son, could fans also see Baby Billy try and patch things up with Harmon’s mother in the present day? Thankfully, the series has already been renewed for a third season, so it shouldn’t be long before HBO viewers get their first details of what’s coming next for the televangelist empire. The Righteous Gemstones is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and Virgin TV Go in the UK.