Les Allen wrote on Twitter this morning that he had arrived at the airport with luggage at 5.40am, but was still in the queue to go through security at 6.45am. He said then that the queue had "just started moving again".  Just after 6am, another passenger, Sanj Kalia, said that the queue for security "starts by arrivals". However, another, Cat Bab, praised airport staff for "keeping the queue moving" during a "difficult" medical emergency. She said what would have taken her 35 minutes took an hour, but that this was "understandable given the circumstances". Birmingham Airport was contacted for comment.   It follows queueing chaos at other UK airports as passengers face cancellations and delays. Staffing shortages and an increased demand for flights following the coronavirus pandemic are said to be contributing to delays. The aviation industry laid off thousands of workers during the pandemic, as air travel ground to a near stand-still. However, the disruptions - which have been occurring for several months - have now grown more acute as the half-term school holidays and the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday have seen a surge of people looking to get away.   Yesterday (Tuesday), one father told the BBC he was "seething" after waiting 17 hours to board a plane at Birmingham Airport. At Manchester airport, a co-pilot on one flight was praised for helping load bags onto his plane so it could get going after a 32 hour delay. Other airports, including Heathrow, Gatwick and Bristol have also been affected by the delays. Many of the recent delays have been linked to airline Tui, which has previously said it was "doing everything we can to address our role in meeting our resource challenges".   Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has now demanded a meeting with aviation bosses to find out "what's gone wrong". Last night, he said that the Government had "done its part" with measures to help ease the staff shortage, and with £8billion it gave to the sector during the pandemic.   The travel minister added that operators "seriously oversold flights and holidays relative to their capacity to deliver" despite Government warnings. More to follow... 