Raphael Luce is first introduced as Henry Creel in Stranger Things' fourth outing in episode four Dear Billy. When Nancy Wheeler (played by Natalia Dyer) and Robin Buckley (Maya Hawke) visit Victor Creel (Robert Englund) in the mental institution, Netflix fans see flashbacks of his family, including his son Henry, which show what he thinks happened to his murdered wife and daughter. However, little does he know his innocent son Henry was behind it all along. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Stranger Things.Victor had been blamed for the death of two of his loved ones but in reality, it was Henry. Much like Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown), the youngster has unexplainable powers he has decided to use to hurt those around him. He killed his mum and sister and kept his dad alive so he could take the fall for their deaths. When his powers were discovered by the government, Henry was sent to Hawkins Lab to be tested on by Dr Martin Brenner (Matthew Modine) and became 001. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition Henry Creel in Stranger Things season four was 12 years old when he murdered his family in 1959. Actor Raphael Luce, who is behind Henry, is a little older as he was born on December 29, 2006, making the actor 15. He has only appeared in a few projects so far, including Disney+'s Loki as a French boy and the movie Moon Manor as Kid Jimmy. Luce has portrayed another young version of a major character in an upcoming biopic series. The Stranger Things actor is in the true drama The First Lady which came out on Showtime in America back in April. The series is now available to watch on Paramount Plus which debuted in the UK on Wednesday, June 22. Luce plays a young James Roosevelt, the eldest son of President Franklin Roosevelt (Kiefer Sutherland). Other stars in the cast include Viola Davis, Michelle Pfeiffer, Gillian Anderson, O-T Fagbenle and Dakota Fanning. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes slams label of 'British' players 'Raducanu's English!'  [REACTION]Jamie Campbell Bower wife: Is the Stranger Things Vecna star married? [CAST]Stranger Things' Max star Sadie Sink admits 'body needs a break'  [EXPLAINER] As Henry is 12 in 1959 in Stranger Things, this makes him around 32 years old when he is shown as Peter the orderly at Hawkins Lab in 1979. This is roughly the same age as Peter actor Jamie Campbell Bower is in real life, who is aged 33. Peter is believed to be a friend of El's at first as they plan to make their escape from the lab. This is until he goes on a rampage and murders everyone there, apart from El and Dr Brenner. 001 and El engage in a fierce battle which results in her creating a portal to the Upside Down. She throws 001 into the other realm and as he falls in, Peter is transformed into Vecna, the monster murdering vulnerable teenagers in Hawkins. But will the gang be able to stop him in season four, part two, before he kills anyone else? Stranger Things season four, part 2, will premiere on Friday, July 1, on Netflix.