For Wednesday night's instalment of Between the Covers on BBC Two, Sara's joined by Mel, Radio One DJ Jordan North, comedian Jen Brister and CBBC presenter Rhys Stephenson to share their favourite books. However, Sara was left feeling awful when she realised one of her book choices caused Mel to cry. Mel, who often sobs while reading, quipped she often makes pages wet with her tears.  For the episode, the guests review two book club choices, Exactly What You Mean by Ben Hinshaw, and the sixth in a selection from the BBC’s Big Jubilee Read called The Night Tiger by Malaysian author Yangsze Choo. While there are a lot of laughs within the episode, Mel also opens up on getting emotional over reading books. During the show, Sara issues an apology to Mel as she cried over The Night Tiger. Sara said: “We’ve got to begin with an apology, I’m really sorry Mel is it true that we made you cry?" READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull The 47-year-old broadcaster added: "What did we do, what did we do to you? Mel replied: “What with the books? I always cry reading a book Sara always, who doesn’t?” Former Strictly Come Dancing star Rhys Stephenson interjected to say he had never sobbed reading a book. Mel and Sara were stunned over his admission and he repeated himself, saying: "I’ve never cried reading a book.”  However, an observant Mel who watched Rhys on Strictly last year, added: “But you cried every week on Strictly.” Rhys stated: “Strictly was different. Maybe if Strictly was a book or novel – I’d cry at that” Opening up about getting tearful over books, Mel added: “I often cry so that the pages are wet." Sara asked if the pages disintegrated with Mel's tears and Rhys suggested she should purchase "laminated" copies of books to stop them from being damaged. Jordan, who weighed in on the conversation, revealed he often gets emotional over what he watches on television. DON'T MISS...'That's my nan's house' Sue Perkins fumes at destroyed grandma memory  [MUST SEE]Nick Knowles hits back as Mel Giedroyc claims he 'detests' her [INTERVIEW]Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology [LATEST] He added: “I would literally cry at an advert on the television, especially on a Sunday morning if I’m a bit hungover, like if some car advert comes on with a family. "But I am like Rhys as I very rarely cry at a book." He added: "But I always laugh at books, I would say I am a bigger laugher than a crier." Jen admitted she has cried over many books and even revealed a stranger has given her tissues on public transport so she could wipe away her tears.  One book which made her especially emotional was The Kite Runner, by Khaled Hosseini, but Rhys said he did not tear up over that novel. "There is something wrong with me," Rhys added as the other guests were baffled as to why he didn't shed a tear at The Kite Runner. "I should have cried now that I think about it, that book is hard-hitting." Between the Covers episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 