A travel commentator, Nick Trend, claimed that "many people are distinctly rusty when it comes to the basics of travel", suggesting that passengers are "contributing" to the problems. He said that issues such as not having boarding passes ready, failing to put liquids into plastic bags and forgetting to take laptops out at security "all adds to the general sense of chaos and only makes the situation worse." This comes as holidaymakers have been faced with waves of flight cancellations and long queues at airports. TUI, the UK's largest holiday company, yesterday announced that it has cancelled nearly 200 flights between now and the end of June. As many as 31 easyJet flights were also scrapped at Gatwick on Tuesday. According to aviation data firm Cirium, a total of 291 departures from major UK airports were cancelled over the course of last week. In an article for the Telegraph, entitled "How ill-prepared passengers are to blame for Britain’s airport chaos", Mr Trend gave airline passengers tips on how to travel efficiently. He wrote: "Airports are short of staff and airlines are nowhere near up to speed. "But how much are passengers also contributing to the problems? "Certainly I’ve had that impression that many people are distinctly rusty when it comes to the basics of travel." He added: "It’s not surprising perhaps, because many have not travelled in so long. But it would help if we all had a refresher course in the new realities of travel." Mr Trend also accused passengers of suffering from "Digital incompetence", saying: "It’s remarkable how many people don’t get out their phone and start looking for their boarding pass until they reach the checkpoint. "So the whole queue grinds to a halt while they try to find it." Garry Graham, deputy general secretary of Prospect union, warned that further travel disruption is still to come. He said: "Unions warned the government and aviation employers repeatedly that slashing staff through the crisis would lead to problems with the ramp-up post-pandemic. DON'T MISS: Travel disruption severely 'impacting' US - 6,000 flights cancelled [INSIGHT] easyJet cancels more flights - ‘widespread chaos’ [REPORT] 'Absolute joke!' Tears and fury as travel ‘carnage’ worsens [REACTION] "The government point to the furlough scheme but ignore that it ended well before the majority of international restrictions on travel came to an end. "Now we see staff shortages across the industry, with huge reliance on overtime to get by day-to-day. "In many areas, like air traffic control, overtime is only a temporary sticking plaster. "So, things could get worse this summer before they get better." Unite's General Secretary, Sharon Graham, said that British aviation bosses "should hand their heads in shame". But Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel magazine, accused people of playing "the blame game". He said: "The blame game over staff shortages and flight cancellations is no help at all to passengers, who need instant action to bring an end to the airport chaos that is causing so much misery and leaving many people out of pocket, with little hope of getting all their money back."