The Chancellor told the Treasury select committee he was not concerned about the current weakness of the pound. Sterling has slumped against the dollar and euro over recent months – but Mr Sunak insisted to MPs: “I have confidence in the medium-term outlook for the economy. “In the short term, obviously we are experiencing high inflation, we are not alone in that – although what is happening here is predominantly due to global shocks, it is not exclusively.” Mr Sunak said the high price of energy and inflation expectations were being watched carefully. And he added: “I am confident we have the tools and the determination to get inflation down over time – whether that is fiscal policy, strong independent monetary policy or supply-side reform. “Those three tools will reduce inflation over time and I want people to be reassured that this is the case. And in the short term, I think the support we have provided will make a meaningful difference.” Mr Sunak hit back at criticism that the recently announced cost-of-living package would further fuel inflation. The £21billion support package includes a one-off £650 payment to low-income households, a doubling of the discount to energy bills to £400 and a £500million increase to the household support funds. The package will be funded by the energy firm levy, a 25 percent tax on the profits of oil and gas companies. He said: “We’ve put what I think is a careful and well-constructed package together, which will minimise the risk of inflation. “These are necessity expenditures as opposed to discretionary ones. What we don’t want to be doing is fuelling further excess discretionary spending, which would make the situation potentially worse.” Mr Sunak stressed the support measures introduced last month were temporary and he shrugged off suggestions he has left the door open for further measures. “When I’m asked about further measures, I always give the same response – I wouldn’t read anything more or less into it. “It is that in the last two years I’ve always tried to be responsive to the economic situation as I see it and as it is affecting the country. The structure of what we have put in place is by definition temporary and it is a careful and well-constructed package that will minimise the issue of inflation.” The Chancellor insisted Boris Johnson had not tried to influence when he had issued details of the financial support, which followed the release of Sue Gray’s report into Partygate. Committee member and Labour MP Rushanara Ali asked Mr Sunak if he came under political pressure to announce the package in May after he suggested he may wait until the autumn to hand out funds to hard-hit households. Mr Sunak replied: “No. The way the price cap works, there is an observation window from February to August. Until you are through, you don’t know what it will be. While there were estimates, there was no actual data. “We couldn’t do it for the spring statement because the observation window had barely opened for the price cap, so anything could have the potential to be wrongly sized. “I have always said I want to strike the right balance about reassurance to people and waiting for enough information to ensure it is appropriately sized. There is no perfect time but we had to do it.” He also denied there was pressure from regulator Ofgem and said he felt informed after getting sufficient weekly estimates over a potential price cap rise later this year. Consumers are braced for the energy price to rise by more than £800 to an average of £2,800 in October as the squeeze on living standards in the UK continues. That comes after UK consumer price index inflation rocketed to a 40-year high of nine percent in April – and it is now expected to soar above 10 percent by the end of 2022.