The details of Anthony Joshua’s huge new deal with DAZN have been revealed according to breaking reports. It was recently reported that Joshua would be leaving long-term broadcast partner Sky Sports in place for streaming service DAZN. Joshua had been with Sky for the entirety of his professional career prior to the switch but chose the fast-rising video platform to be his new home instead. DAZN had previously shown Joshua’s fights outside of Britain but is now able to broadcast them to a British audience. Early reports suggested that Sky Sports were initially believed to be the frontrunners to re-sign the two-time heavyweight champion to a long-term deal -- but in an unexpected turn of events, DAZN swooped in and got their man. AJ’s promoter Matchroom Boxing recently signed a five-year deal with DAZN believed to be worth over $100m, and now the Brit is following suit with an equally colossal payday. Telegraph Sport has reported that Joshua's deal with DAZN is a multi-year, multi-fight deal - with the requirement of two fights a year - DAZN will be looking to build the biggest contests around the British heavyweight, starting with his upcoming rematch against Usyk. The same publication reported that the deal with DAZN is a 9-figure US dollar deal, with upside, and puts his earning potential over the next three to five years into the hundreds of millions of dollars. Joshua recently tasted the second defeat of his professional career against Oleksandr Usyk in September at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The Watford powerhouse was comfortably outpointed by his adversary, losing his IBF, WBO, and WBA ‘super’ heavyweight world titles in the process. The rematch is set to take place at Saudia Arabia’s Jeddah Super Dome in mid-August live on DAZN. Matchroom Boxing promoter Eddie Hearn is expected to announce an official date early next week with August 13 and August 20 being the main targets for the Saudi showdown. The original date was expected to be July 23, but Hearn delayed the preliminary date to mid-August to allow for a better promotional campaign. Joshua and Usyk are expected to do multiple media tours across the world during the two months leading up to their fight. No exact locations have been disclosed.