Aries (Mar21/Apr20) An argument early in the week will actually clear the air. Relationships will be less tense and at last you will feel you can bring up subjects that have been taboo in the past. You will forgive someone for a recent mistake. This does not mean you will forget it. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Someone who wrongs you thinks they can get away with it. Their selfish attitude annoys you. They have let you down and no matter how charming they are and what excuses they come up with, you will never be able to trust them again. Gemini (May22/June21) A joint effort is going sadly wrong. Your first reaction will be to look for who is responsible for the mess. Don't be too quick to criticise. Instead, analyse what is causing the problem and consider ways to fix it without making anyone feel guilty. Cancer (June22/July23) You always see the good in others but this could prevent you from making a shrewd assessment of some people. Are you being too trusting of a friend or colleague? Someone will take advantage of your kind nature if you let them. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Scorpio 'pulls the strings' in a relationship Leo (July24/Aug23) The attitude and confidence of successful friends and colleagues will rub off on you. Once you have set goals, you will do everything within your power to reach them. You could find yourself involved with people you don't normally mix with or feel drawn to. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) When life is busy you haven't time to truly appreciate all that some people are doing for you. Someone who is always there for you will not let you down. As always you can rely on them to get on with whatever needs to be done.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Someone isn't sure about decisions already made. They want to have a rethink while you just want to get moving and get a job you have taken on over with. A friend is hoping you will check something out but you just won't have the time. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Where you had expected to gain some support or understanding you seem to be getting the opposite. People who are normally helpful will seem to take too negative an approach to your ideas and suggestions. It may be time to reassess some relationships. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Someone you work with is taking a very different approach to the job. They're pushing you to try new methods and you won't feel comfortable. Don't let anyone force you in the wrong direction. A senior colleague will be seen to take sides and this won't go down well. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Someone will try to take over some of your assignments. You know what they are up to. They're trying to rush you into getting results. Some people don't mind cutting corners to speed up the work. You prefer to do a good job of it so stick to your own devices. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You're tempted to strike out in new directions. Be prepared to handle the remonstrations if someone close does not approve of your plans. Have you been keeping your intentions to yourself? If so, now is the time to explain the reason why you will not change your mind.