Patrick Swayze died of pancreatic cancer back in 2009, leaving Lisa Niemi, his wife of 34 years, utterly bereft. She opened up on the last words he ever said to her before he slipped into a coma and eventually passed away. Ghost actor Patrick was 57 years old and had bravely battled cancer for 20 months. He was at the ranch he shared with Lisa, and she placed a single white rose on his chest and an amulet above him over the bed. She also brought in his favourite horse, a stallion named Roh, to say one final goodbye. In her 2011 memoir titled Worth Fighting For, Lisa recalled the heartbreaking time. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit "My last words to Patrick? ‘I love you,’ and those were his last words to me,” she wrote. “After I brought him home, things went very fast.” She continued: “I cherished our time alone, holding his hand, listening to music, sleeping with my arm around him, my head on his shoulder, wordlessly. “In the quiet of Monday morning, September 14, I looked at his face and listened to the tiny sips of air he was taking. “There was something delicate, childlike about it. I knew it was time." Patrick might be gone, but Lisa said in a 2019 documentary that she still feels his presence every day. “He’s still in my dreams,” she said. “In the beginning you kind of think the pain is going to help you hold on to them, and it doesn’t. But I haven’t lost him, and that was my fear.” DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] Lisa went on: “I was driving down the road, and Emmylou Harris’s version of ‘Wayfaring Stranger’ was playing on the radio, and I really got that he’s just on the other side,” she said. “Almost so close I could touch him.” While Lisa has since found love with jeweller Albert DePrisco, who she married in 2014, she still believes she will one day be reunited with Patrick. “Yeah. He’ll be waiting for me,” she said. “And that’s a wonderful thing.” Lisa also told PEOPLE: “I still feel like he’s in my life. “When you move past the extreme pain of losing someone you love, you actually become close in a different way.” Patrick had been a heavy smoker for 40 years, and he once admitted to smoking up to 60 cigarettes a day. He admitted that his chain smoking probably "had something to do with" the cancer he developed, and continued to smoke cigarettes while undergoing treatment for cancer.