Tottenham have agreed a deal to sign Clement Lenglet on loan from Barcelona and Richarlison could yet follow in the next 24 hours as Fabio Paratici and Daniel Levy look to pull off a transfer window like no other in north London. Spurs are set to continue their electric start to the summer market by landing two more marquee additions as part of Antonio Conte's exciting Spurs revolution.  Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic and Yves Bissouma are already through the door but Tottenham are not stopping there in a clear statement of intent to their rivals... According to transfer expert Gianluca Di Marzio, Barcelona's France international centre-back Lenglet is set to join Spurs on loan with the transfer labelled now considered to be 'done deal.' Tottenham have been searching extensively for a new, left-sided central defender and now they have seemingly settled on the 27-year-old, who has been cast aside by Xavi in Catalonia. The Spaniard told Lenglet he was free to find a new club at the end of last season and after being floated to Spurs, they have now decided to pounce after top target Alessandro Bastoni opted to remain with Inter Milan. READ MORE: Everton star Richarlison hints Tottenham transfer imminent with message to distraught fan Josko Gvardiol and Pau Torres were also considered but the opportunity to sign Lenglet for a small loan fee was one Tottenham were willing to pursue. The deal will also allow them to save funds for other potential new arrivals in due course. Yet he is not the only imminent signing on the agenda with a deal for Richarlison now nearing completion. On Monday night in Mayfair, London, Levy dined with Everton owner Bill Kenwright as the pair looked to thrash out a deal for the Brazilian international. DON'T MISS MORE TRANSFER GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsLeeds 'waiting for new Arsenal bid' before finalising Chelsea transfer deal for RaphinhaTottenham 'offer Everton blockbuster £100m transfer package' after Daniel Levy dinner date The Toffees reportedly need to sell before the Financial Fair Play deadline later this week and the forward has all but confirmed his exit on Twitter, by telling a distraught Everton supporter to 'be happy' after his mum shared her child's devastation at his impending exit. Personal terms have already been agreed between Spurs and his new agents, who were brought in to earn him a move this summer. Richarlison hinted while away on international duty that he has told Frank Lampard he seeks to pursue a new challenge ahead of the 2022/23 season. Tottenham are now expected to strike a deal worth in the region of £60m for the 25-year-old as they look to shake up the Premier League next season. A long-term contract has already been agreed with Richarlison, who is itching to make the move to north London. Spurs also declared an interest in the signing of Anthony Gordon during talks with the Toffees, although he is not currently part of the negotiations. Gordon is said to be open to joining Tottenham but he is also very happy at Goodison Park after an impressive breakthrough campaign on Merseyside. Meanwhile, Everton remain in talks to sign Tottenham midfielder Harry Winks, who is set to become one of the first casualties of Tottenham's busy summer.