You Don't Know Me originally debuted on BBC One at the start of December 2021 and now it has made its way to Netflix. The courtroom drama came out on the streaming service on Friday, June 17, and subscribers have slowly but surely been tuning in. Following the show's ambiguous ending, many are wondering if there will be more episodes to come in the future. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from You Don't Know Me.You Don't Know Me is based on the 2017 novel of the same name by Barrister Imran Mahmood. The show's protagonist's real name is never revealed and is instead simply referred to either as Defendant or Hero (played by Samuel Adewunmi). He is standing trial, accused of murdering a drug dealer and is worried he will be found guilty of a crime he says he didn't commit. In an act of desperation, Hero fires his lawyer and chooses to deliver the closing speech himself so he could tell the jury what he claims is the truth. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family You Don't Know Me originally aired on Sunday, December 5, 2021 with a new episode coming out every week on BBC One. The drama has now reached a new audience as all four episodes came out on Friday, June 17, on Netflix. As subscribers have started to finish the series, it is no wonder that more people are now curious about its future. Sadly, it isn't believed that the BBC and Netflix series will be coming back for a second season. You Don't Know Me is listed as a limited series which means the writers had no intention of making more episodes at the time of its creation. The show is also a TV adaptation of a crime novel that has no sequel, indicating that this is the end of the line for You Don't Know Me. So, unfortunately, there won't be a second season to look forward to anytime soon. But if the creators did change their minds about bringing the series back, there is plenty of scope for another storyline. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife season 12: Dr Turner star teases big change [TEASER]Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare refused to tell bosses he knew co-star [CAST]Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star  [TRIBUTE] You Don't Know Me had an ambiguous ending that showed two very different outcomes, with Hero both guilty and not guilty. The first saw the jury find Hero guilty of murder, Jamil's (Roger Jean Nsengiyumva) parents celebrating and the show's protagonist spending the rest of his life behind bars. However, in the second version of events, he is found not guilty and Hero heads to Europe to be reunited with his girlfriend Kyra (Sophie Wilde). In the final few moments of the show, the judge is heard asking the foreman if they have reached a verdict. They reply yes and before fans get to find out what he answered, the drama comes to an abrupt end. This ending resembles Michaela Coel's I May Destroy You from 2020, whereby her character Arabella was raped and is struggling to come to terms with what happened. The finale showed a variety of outcomes of what Arabella would do if she ever saw her rapist again but doesn't explain which one really happened. You Don't Know Me is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and Netflix.