Millions of phalaenopsis orchids, commonly known as moth orchids, are sold every year and normally require minimum upkeep, until summer temperatures can result in flopping flowers. But according to houseplant experts, there are “really easy” solutions to combat this issue and even ensure orchids “flower for months” and last “for years”. Mark Riley, an expert from specialist Love Orchids explained: “Growing orchids in the summer heat is really easy as long as you make some simple tweaks. “Extra water, some plant food and a position away from direct sun is key. “Orchids look beautiful, can flower for months and last for years and there’s an orchid for everyone’s tastes.” The expert shared five further hacks to keep plants blooming for weeks in the warmer weather. Mark insisted that orchids need to be watered twice a week rather than only once. READ MORE: ‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple He said: “Orchids normally only need a weekly water, but in high temperatures, this should be increased. “Run your orchid under a tap or let it soak in the sink for a few minutes.” As an indication if plant owners have watered their orchid enough is that well-watered roots have plump green roots. The plant pro added: “If they look silvery grey or shrivelled, pop the plant under the tap.” On those really hot days tap water can be substituted for ice cubes. DON'T MISS: ‘The best way’ to get your lawn to ‘thrive’ for summer - ‘important’ [EXPERT]‘Best time of day’ to water plants ‘when it’s hot’ - when to avoid [INSIGHT]‘Inexpensive’ and ‘quick’ home improvements for little ‘time or skill’ [TIPS] Mark said: “Add a few ice cubes to the surface of the bark instead of watering, avoiding the leaves. “They will gradually melt and provide the required hydration. “Make sure any surplus water is removed from beneath the orchid within an hour, as orchids don’t like sitting in water.” If orchids are left to sit in too much water this can cause the houseplant to develop root rot. To increase humidity levels, the orchid expert advised using gravel. He said: “Orchids originate from warm, tropical Asia and prefer humid conditions, rather than dry. “Increase humidity for your orchid by placing the pot on a layer of wet gravel, keeping the water level below the top of the stones.” While many gardening enthusiasts say misting is a great way to increase humidity levels, Mark advises to avoid this tip. He explained: “Avoid using a water ‘mister’ as this can lead to spotting on the flowers and deposits on the leaves, as many water supplies are ‘hard’, containing limescale.” As orchids grow “more actively” during summer, the plant guru suggested adding fertiliser to the water “fortnightly”. He said: “Their nutritional requirements are very minimal so only use orchid-specific ‘food’ and never exceed the recommended dose. “During cooler weather, orchids can happily survive on water without additional feed.” The final tip is to position orchids away from direct sunlight, especially when the weather is hot. Mark said: “Orchids love a bright window, but they’re not keen on direct sunlight, particularly in hot, dry weather. They also don’t like radiators. “East or west-facing windows and bathrooms are best. “While some houseplants can be placed outside in summer, orchids are best grown inside. “If you desperately want to put them outside, avoid bright sunlight and bring them inside if night temperatures are likely to dip to lower than 10 degrees.”