Queen Letizia attended the Retina Eco awards at the Colegio Oficial de Arquitectos de Madrid (COAM) on Thursday, June 23. The 49-year-old donned a youthful black leather dress for the occasion. Queen Letizia isn’t afraid to experiment with her style and regularly dons dresses in extravagant styles, prints, and patterns. Leather isn’t a material usually seen on a member of a Royal Family, but Letizia made it work. The Spanish Queen wore a black leather dress from Scandinavian brand And Other Stories earlier this week. The dress retailed for a £299 – a high price but an affordable one when it comes to the clothes royals usually purchase. READ MORE: Keep strawberries fresh for 10 days with simple food storage hack The garment had a V-neckline, short sleeves, and was cinched at the waist with a belt. The belt was leather too but had a circular, plastic buckle. Reaching Letizia’s knees, the dress was slim fitting and showed her fantastic figure. She paired this with black strappy heeled sandals from Carolina Herrera. DON'T MISS: Effective way to remove toilet limescale with ‘no scrubbing required’ [EXPERT]Reduce cellulite in 3 weeks with Nivea’s £12 gel - ‘It actually works! [BEAUTY]Carrie Johnson steps out in hot-pink suit in Rwanda [PICTURES] Letizia has been seen wearing the sandals in the past, and the black leather dress was also a repeat. The Spanish Queen wore the dress in February 2019 for the opening of the ARCO 2019 contemporary art fair in Madrid. At the time, she paired the garment with a simple black clutch and nude pointy pumps. American Vogue called the outfit a “vampier look”, as well as “sexy”. Earlier this week, Letizia styled the leather dress with silver hoop earrings and had her shiny dark locks down over her shoulders. Royal fans were quick to comment on Letizia’s look, with mixed reviews. Some praised the royal for wearing such a modern and experimental dress, while others said it looked “unsophisticated” and even “tacky”. Instagram user @isabelq42 wrote: “She looks fantatsic! Love that she takes risks and makes daring choices with her wardrobe. “Not every royal woman does that. She is right up there for me with Crowm Princess Mary and Queen Maxima for knowing how to have varied looks. Looking classic and chic at the same time.” User @nes.alex03 commented: “She is the least boring of all royals when it comes to clothes.” User @reaching_thestars simply said: “Superb.” Heidi Marie Scott disagreed. She said: “A rare miss for Letizia. This has the look of a too big kimono bathrobe. And the shoes are a little gladiator maybe. I’m wondering too what is up with her eyebrows going up high on the ends.” User @h_k_bend wrote: “She was trying edgy, but the sleeves are too severe for her frame and the dress is eh.” User @liperita said: “This one is a big no for me, but just because I’m not a fan of the leather.” Martina Schippers wrote: “Nope. I never liked leather clothes. Not even on Letizia. Leather is for motor drivers. Otherwise I find it tacky.” User @just_sandra000 added: “So unsophisticated, so unroyal.”