Moira (played by Natalie J Robb) has been known to be a protective mother over her four children; Holly Barton (Sophie Powles), Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano), Adam Barton (Adam Thomas), and Isaac Dingle (Elias Walker). In recent weeks on Emmerdale, she has been thinking about the death of her daughter Holly, with newcomer Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) having a link to the character's exit. However, there could be a fifth child who the farmer has never spoken about and following Wednesday night's episode of the ITV soap, a hint could have been dropped they are already in the village. The moment came as Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) introduced Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) to newcomer, Kit (Thoren Ferguson). In the café, Sam Dingle's (James Hooton) wife said to the businesswoman: "This is Kit, Marlon [Dingle's] physiotherapist." "I'm Bernice, local businesswoman, eco-warrior and if anyone asks, I'm single," Nicola King's (Nicola Wheeler) sister replied as she tried to flirt with the heartthrob. "Nice to meet you. I'm also up for saving the planet, too. I'm mostly plant-powered," Kit commented with a strong Scottish accent. It seems he likes to avoid eating meat when he can, possibly indicating he has a problem with farming animals such as cattle. READ MORE: Lesley Dunlop age: How old is Emmerdale's Brenda Walker star? "My daughter, Gabby, she's a bad vegan even though she tries," Bernice added, with Kit telling her: "Look, I'm not judging." "She's also single," the businesswoman said, with Lydia disgusted as she remarked: "Did you just try and sell him your daughter?" "No, she's far too young for him and I had her myself when I was very young," Bernice replied as she was eyeing up the heartthrob. "I can imagine, you don't look old enough to have a daughter," he responded, clearly trying to charm his way into settling down in the village. The conversation was cut short when David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) informed Bernice her sister Nicola had been in a car accident. From this discussion, however, there were a few clues given to Kit possibly being Moira's long-lost son who has come to the village to meet his birth mother. When she was a lot younger and even before she met her late husband, John Barton (James Thornton), Moira could have fallen pregnant. Not wanting her family to know she was having a child out of wedlock and not wanting to raise the baby on her own, she could have decided to give it up for adoption. As she started to present with a bump, she could have left home to go and live with some nuns in a local convent in Scotland. This is where she could have given birth to her son and then left him for the nuns to decide how he should be brought up. DON'T MISS...'Not innocent!' Emmerdale's Nicola Wheeler issues storyline warning [COMMENT]Laura Norton weight loss: ITV star ditched drink and lost 3st [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT] Kit could have been given to a couple from a nearby Scottish village and he could have always known he was adopted by them. However, it might not have been until his adoptive mother's death that he found out the identity of his birth mother and tracked her down to Emmerdale. The heartthrob could have a real hatred for her for giving him up as he might not have had the easiest upbringing because of his religious parents. Therefore, when he arrived in the village, he could have sworn off meat and products from the farm as he would know this was his mother's work. This could explain why when he orders a coffee at the café, he is always seen asking for a dairy alternative with his drink. Also, the newcomer has not yet been given a surname, which is unusual if a character is going to be featured in a set of episodes. This could mean he is more than just Marlon's (Mark Charnock) physiotherapist and he is actually connected to someone in the village. As his identity is revealed, it could be his real name is Kit Boyd as his adoptive parents made sure they kept his mother's maiden name. How will Moira react if she comes face to face with the child she gave up and how will her family respond to the long-harboured secret? It was teased earlier this year Moira would be facing some difficulties as the year continued. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, producer Laura Shaw said: "I don't think Moira fans need to worry at all, as we've got plenty coming up for her this year. "We're also going to see something Moira thought was in her past and that she'd dealt with, come back to haunt her in quite a big way. "The ramifications of that are going to affect quite a few people. Again we're going to see her really tested as to how she deals with that difficult situation." Could this be coming face to face with her son, who is actually Kit? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.