Diehard Royal fans described how they got soaked to the skin in downpours as they camped out along the Mall before the Platinum Jubilee celebrations begin today. But the Queen's most loyal subjects declared it was well worth it just so they could thank Her Majesty for "everything she has done" over the last 70 years. Tents began popping up on the road to Buckingham Palace on Monday. And the campers included people of all ages - from children experiencing the pomp and ceremony for the first time to fervent fans who attend every Royal event. Maria Scott, 51, travelled nearly 300 miles from Newcastle to meet up with her lifelong pal and fellow royalist, John Loughery, 67. They decorated their tents with Union Jack towels and flags - and a life-size cardboard cutout of the Queen. They even have different Jubilee T-shirts for every day they spend in the centre of the capital. Maria told the Daily Express: "I arrived here on Monday and set everything up. If you want to get a good spot, you have to get down here early. "I went to William and Kate's wedding, I went to the Lindo Wing for every one of the children being born - and I was here for Harry and Meghan's wedding." "You have to come to experience it. It's such a brilliant atmosphere." "I think Her Majesty will be very touched that people have taken the time to come and celebrate with her and her family." "I just want to thank her for everything she has done for the country." "I think the Queen is amazing. She is the backbone of the country." John, from Streatham, south London, said: "It is lovely to be here and to be part of history. "We do not care if we get soaked. It hammered down on Tuesday. We were soaking wet. We have been looking forward to this for well over a year." "When the Queen comes down here in the golden carriage, we will be waving and saying, 'God bless you, your Majesty'" Pensioner Jane Small, who arrived from her home near Winchester on Tuesday night, wore a crown and sat next to her Union Jack tent as the crowds - and the excitement - continued to build. She told us: "It was very, very cold last night and the ground is very bumpy." "But I am a Royalist and I really believe in the Royal Family. They don't talk about a lot of the things they do. They're always very humble. Hopefully, this will show the Queen her loyal subjects are really happy and the fact people are here from all the over world shows how much she means to people." It's not the first time Jane has shown her appreciation. She said: "For Prince Charles's first wedding, I didn't have a tent." "Then at the Queen's Jubilee, were lying in silver foil and a bin bag. I went to Harry and Meghan's wedding. That was for three nights and I thought, 'I'm getting a bit old.' "But here I am again. I'm sure once Prince Charles is crowned, I will come again." The campers could hear musical rehearsals for Saturday night's concert at Buckingham Palace. Yesterday Rod Stewart and Alicia Keys were practising. But William Robinson, six, from Welling, southeast London, who was dressed as a Grenadier Guard, got all the entertainment he needed watching soldiers going past on horseback. Mum Andrea said: "It is his first time here. He wanted to come as he is learning about Buckingham Palace at school." "My mother used to bring me and my sister here. I wanted him to have the same." Pals Racheal Axford and Natalie Farley came from Cornwall and toasted the Queen with a cuppa as they waited for the celebrations to start. But others travelled thousands of miles to be at the Mall. Patrick and Angie Hart flew from Toronto, Canada with daughters, Camile, 23, and Charlotte, 22. But they left their two corgis - Middleton and Marple - at home. Patrick said: "It has been brilliant." The people we have made contact with are fantastic. "I've never owned a tent in my life and then it started to rain. But our British friends next to us came and helped. It's just so much fun." "I hope that everyone being here will show how much respect there is for the Queen - and her life of service." Donna Werner, who came from Connecticut, US, with pal Mary-Jane Willows, said: "I first came to a Royal event when Fergie and Andrew got married in 1986." "It's a big party - the Great British spirit." "I wanted to be here to honour the Queen for doing such a marvellous job. She has never put a foot wrong. She has done it with courage and compassion." "In the 70 years the Queen has been on the throne, she has seen 13 Presidents. I can't think of one of them I would have wanted as my leader for 70 years!" Away from the Mall, celebrations had already started yesterday. A street in Waterloo turned red, white and blue for a public party. And in Langland Bay, Swansea, the Rother Bobbers - who swim in the sea every day, whatever the weather - took their dip in Union Jack cossie.