The Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee but they were absent from many of the celebrations. But a source has insisted the couple were "really here to see the Queen" and "paid their respects and went home", highlighting that Harry and Meghan are no longer working royals. The insider told US magazine People: "They aren't part of the [working] Royal Family anymore, and that's a decision they have taken — but maybe [the public] hasn't quite accepted that yet. "Yes, they were low-key. "They paid their respects and went home. "They were really here to see the Queen, and they did." Harry and Meghan returned to the UK from the US with their two children Archie and Lilibet for the bank holiday weekend. They made their first public appearance alongside the Windsors in two years at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral last Friday. They were also pictured watching Trooping the Colour on Horse Guards Parade. But they did not attend other Jubilee events such as the Guildhall reception after the service or the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday night. READ MORE: Prince Harry looked 'absolutely furious' over Jubilee treatment And the couple reportedly jetted back across the pond before the celebrations had come to a close on Sunday. Harry and Meghan's second-row seats at the service of thanksgiving were a sign of their change in royal status. The Sussexes quit royal duties in 2020 for a new life in California. DON'T MISSAttack failed! Meghan Markle told to 'think of new career' [LIVE BLOG]Royal fans swoon over 'all-natural' new picture of Meghan Markle [PHOTO]Harry and Meghan unlikely to make 'frequent visits' to UK [INSIGHT] Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for the pair in prime positions. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. The move appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and of the way things used to be. Harry and Meghan also held a first birthday party for their daughter Lili while in the UK. Close friends and family were invited to celebrate the small bash at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage. Guests enjoyed a picnic, face-painting and cake as they celebrated the tot turning one. The Sussexes shared a sweet snap of Lili at her party when they were back in the US on Sunday. 