The country had promised to supply Ukraine with the Iris-T weapons system but it was recently revealed that the system may not be ready for use until November or December. Germany had also promised Ukraine M270 MLRs, a self-propelled rocket launcher, but European news platform Visegrad 24 reported that this transfer of weapons "won't happen before winter." Responding to the news, former adviser to Margaret Thatcher Nile Gardiner said that Mr Scholz's government "isn't serious in standing up to Russia." Writing on Twitter, he said: "Germany lets Ukraine down again, for about the hundredth time. "Berlin simply isn't serious in standing up to Russia. "Probably because its political and business elites have been in Putin's pockets for decades." Germany has been widely criticised for its response to the Ukraine crisis, as the country has expressed opposition to phasing out Russian oil and gas. Last month, German news outlet Die Welt revealed that Germany had not sent any heavy weapons to Ukraine since mid-March, saying that the country appears to be scaling back military support. Meanwhile, a recent study by the Kiel Institute for the World Economy found that Germany, the EU's biggest economy and the world's fifth largest arms exporter, gives less than 0.1 percent of its economic output to Ukraine. It showed that Germany gave less support to Ukraine than the US, the UK and Poland. And yet, earlier this week Mr Scholz claimed that he was providing more support to Ukraine than "almost anyone else". READ MORE: 'No shame' Scholz claims Germany gives MORE support to Ukraine than UK He added: "Germany is one of the main supporters of Ukraine militarily and probably only the United States provides greater support than us". Mr Scholz has also faced controversy for his continued communication with Putin. The German President, along with French President Emmanuel Macron, have continued to conduct phone calls with the Russian leader. In recent weeks, Ukraine has urged the West to supply it with stronger arms, such as long-range missile systems, in order to support its defence against the Russian invasion. DON'T MISS: 'No shame' Scholz claims Germany gives MORE support to Ukraine than UK [REACTION] SHAME on them: EU chiefs IGNORE Queen's Platinum Jubilee in snub [INSIGHT] NATO sends 3,000 troops to Russian border in show of force [REPORT] Speaking on Tuesday evening, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said: "Everyone at all levels must now be lobbyists for the supply of modern heavy weapons and modern artillery to our state. "All those systems that can really speed up the victory of Ukraine." The UK recently announced that it would supply Ukraine with M270 rocket launchers. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said the weapons, which can strike targets up to 80km away with precision-guided rockets, will help Ukrainian forces "better protect themselves against the brutal use of long-range artillery". He said: "The UK stands with Ukraine in this fight and is taking a leading role in supplying its heroic troops with the vital weapons they need to defend their country from unprovoked invasion. "If the international community continues its support, I believe Ukraine can win."