The bank tweeted the warning last week stating that it was seeing an increase in the “dear mum” WhatsApp scam from its customers. The “dear mum” Whatsapp scam is where fraudsters pose as a child or family member, pretending they have lost or damaged their phone and are having to contact their parents from a different number. However, the number is usually just random and usually obtained from the dark web. The scammers then ask their parents to lend them money for a new phone or to help them cover something like an unexpected bill. Halifax tweeted an image alongside their warning which showed the style of messages the fraudsters usually send. The message said: “Hi mum, using a friend's phone. Can you help me pay a bill? Love you x.” Halifax stated that if a person receives a message like this then they should “always call them back on a known number” to check if the request is genuine. A known number would be a trusted one that a person has contacted the relation on before such as the one already saved in their phone. READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning as you may have to sell family home fast The bank also linked to the fraud page on its website which details how a person can spot fraud and protect themselves from falling victim. Halifax also showed more examples of the messages scammers may send. One said: “Hi mum it's your beautiful daughter here, I have changed my phone number and I need your help. The bank has blocked my account and I need to pay this bill can you please help me?” The bank reiterated to its customers that only scammers would rush a person into a payment. DON'T MISSState pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [UPDATE]Retirement and me: Couple explain how they retired at 35 and 40 [ANALYSIS]State pension blunder sees millions receive 'incorrect' amount [INSIGHT] To avoid this scam, Halifax tells its customers not to reply to the message, even if a person is calling out the scam, and to report it and then delete the message. The WhatsApp scam has become almost common over the last year as scammers usually send the messages out en masse, hoping that their message will reach a potential victim. Last year, Action Fraud released data which revealed that between August and October 2021 the scam had been reported to them 25 times.   It had also cost victims of the scam £48,356 across the three months. Action Fraud highlighted two victims of the fraud in its release. One victim had sent £3,000 to two scam accounts thinking the fraudsters were his son needing a deposit on a new car. The second victim sent £2,000 after the scammer posed as their son whose phone had broken and needed help paying some invoices. The victim became suspicious after the scammer asked for more money and they began questioning the fraudster. Last November, WhatsApp launched its campaign “Friends Against Scams” in partnership with the National Trading Standards. The campaign aimed to help equip the public with the skills they need to protect themselves, their families, friends and their WhatsApp account from message-based scams. The campaign also shared a free online training video in order to do this.