Lulu, 73, sparked confusion among Platinum Jubilee Pageant viewers on Sunday. During the coverage, the Scottish singer joined broadcaster Gyles Brandreth for commentary of the parade where she appeared with a slightly different accent.  The singer spoke about the National Treasure buses, which saw each bus represent various decades from the 1950’s to the 2010’s.  Lulu began by speaking about the positive impact the Jubilee has had on the nation.  She said: “This feeling, the upliftment we have felt, the joy, the love.  “We are all united because of our beautiful Queen, our hardworking Queen. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee “That’s what everyone is feeling, you can feel it through the screen.” As she spoke, viewers took to social media to react to her accent. @lliss19 wrote on Twitter: “Lulu and her transatlantic accent.” @NeilWhelan penned: “As is traditional with these occasions, Lulu's accent has changed between Scottish, American and English at least three times while I've been watching.”   @Dan_Harvey74 said: “I see Lulu has decided to be Scottish again when she remembers.”  @Lorna_xx put: “Have a drink each time Lulu changes her accent”.  It follows after Lulu shared a new TikTok video where she became emotional about the Queen's reign.  The clip showed the star reminiscing over attending the Queen’s Coronation when she was four years old. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) Lulu began crying as she recalled the moment she was asked to sing a song by her late father. While addressing her 5,600 followers, she said: “I remember the Queen's Coronation. “I was four years old and there was a street party in my home Glasgow where I come from. “And I remember being on my dad's shoulders and singing a song for the Queens Coronation. “It went down really well, went down a storm and I was a star for the day on the street.” Lulu then sang the song In A Golden Coach by Dickie Valentine. While she was singing the two verses, she became emotional for her viewers to see. She was on the verge of tears when she said: “Happy Platinum Jubilee everybody.”