 The new rules will apply to Transport for London’s Road Network (TLRN), with the new rules being made to improve cycle safety in the capital. Under expanded enforcement powers, TfL and all London boroughs can begin issuing fines from this week using existing CCTV cameras.  Most motor vehicles are already prohibited from driving within or crossing the white lines of the cycle lanes that are marked by a solid white line and cycle tracks. Until today, these road violations have only been enforced by the police. The transport body will be able to issue fixed penalty notices (FPNs) of up to £160 to drivers who break the law by entering cycle lanes marked by solid white lines and cycle tracks. The fines will be handed out in a similar manner to bus lane contraventions and when cars stop in yellow box junctions. READ MORE: Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption  These powers were introduced at the same time as wider national changes giving local authorities in England outside of London the powers to enforce moving traffic contraventions. Drivers are also already banned from stopping or parking in a cycle lane when not permitted. Will Norman, London's Walking and Cycling Commissioner, said that making London’s streets safer is the top priority. He added: “These new enforcement powers will deter motorists from infringing on crucial space specifically designated to keep cyclists safe and will help improve cyclist's confidence when getting around the capital. DON'T MISSIncredible array of supercars make their debut at Goodwood [PICTURES]Driver fined £2,340 for driving in clean air zone [SHOCKING]Driving a fuel car will be 'unimaginably difficult' after 2030 ban [WARNING]  "Enabling more Londoners to walk and cycle continues to be at the heart of the Mayor's vision to create a healthier, cleaner and more sustainable London for everyone. “These new powers will play an important role in that." This is part of TfL’s Vision Zero commitment to eliminate death and serious injury on the transport network. Since May 2016, 260km of high-quality cycle routes have been delivered on London roads.  TfL said that “record numbers” of Londoners had begun walking and cycling to make essential journeys since the start of the coronavirus pandemic. In addition to the new cycle lane fines, TfL has delivered more than 100 Low Traffic Neighbourhoods across London. In partnership with boroughs, over 370 new School Streets have been introduced where roads are closed at certain times to encourage more children to walk, cycle or scoot to school. Siwan Hayward, TfL's Director of Compliance, Policing, Operations and Security, said: "We welcome the introduction of the new enforcement powers in London.  “Protecting designated space for cyclists is essential in keeping them safe and improving confidence to cycle. “We will start enforcing in key locations in London to deter drivers contravening the road rules. “We want to ensure a green and sustainable future for London, and to do this we must continue to make walking and cycling round our city safe and accessible to all Londoners." Highway Code changes were brought in at the start of the year to make cycling safer for all. Cyclists were advised to ride in the centre of lanes on quieter roads, in slower-moving traffic and when approaching junctions, to make themselves as visible as possible. They were also reminded they can ride two abreast but must be aware of drivers behind them and allow them to overtake if it is safe to do so. This has always been the case and can often be safer when in large groups or when cycling with children. In 2020, the Government unveiled a massive £250million investment into UK cycle lanes to encourage more people to take up cycling for commuting.