Almost 30 Tory MPs have publicly called for the Prime Minister to resign following Partygate revelations. The announcement confirms at least 54 – 15 percent of Tory MPs – have written to Sir Brady calling for a vote to take place. Sir Brady said he notified Mr Johnson on Sunday, June 5, that the threshold had been reached. He would not reveal the total number of letters but said it would “not be a bad description” to say MPs had post-dated their letters so as not to interrupt the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Mr Johnson needs to win the support of 50 percent of MPs – currently 180 MPs – to remain as Tory leader. If he wins he will remain as Prime Minister and will be immune from another challenge for a year. But if he loses a contest for a new party leader will begin and Mr Johnson will not be able to stand. A Downing Street spokesman said: “Tonight is a chance to end months of speculation and allow the government to draw a line and move on, delivering on the people's priorities. “The PM welcomes the opportunity to make his case to MPs and will remind them that when they're united and focused on the issues that matter to voters there is no more formidable political force.” Moments before the vote was announced, Tory MP and former Treasury Minister Jesse Norman revealed he had sent a letter and criticised Mr Johnson’s performance, claiming many of his policies were un-Conservative. Chancellor Rishi Sunak said he is backing Mr Johnson as he has “shown the strong leadership our country needs”. Several loyal MPs have been sharing their support for Mr Johnson with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss stating the Prime Minister has her “100 percent backing”. Foreign Office minister James Cleverly also declared he is “not going to go flaky on him now”. Likewise, Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis said: “The Prime Minister has my full backing in today's vote.” And Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove said he is voting for the Prime Minister and “we need to move past this moment and unite” behind him. Simon Clarke, chief secretary to the Treasury, said Mr Johnson has shown “real leadership” and it is “crystal clear” he alone won the 2019 election for the Conservatives. So what do YOU think? Do you think Boris Johnson will win the no-confidence vote tonight? Do you want a new PM? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below. 