British Airways workers based at Heathrow have voted to strike in a dispute over pay. Members of the GMB and Unite backed industrial action. The unions said holidaymakers face disruption, warning of a summer of strikes. Travel Editor Simon Calder warned "nothing" can be done. Speaking to LBC, Mr Calder said: "There is absolutely nothing you can do about it at the moment. "I'm holding four British Airways reservations for July and August, I think there's actually a pretty good chance that a settlement could be reached in time. "There could be mitigations but I'm afraid it looks like this is the end of summer as we know it with so much chaos. "Strikes at Easyjet and Ryanair as well. Mass cancellations at Heathrow and at Gatwick." READ MORE: Picture of car 'hogging' middle lane of M5 at 5am sparks online fury Workers, including check-in staff, will now decide on strike dates, which the union said were likely to be held during the peak summer holiday period. Nadine Houghton, GMB national officer, said: "With grim predictability, holidaymakers face massive disruption thanks to the pig-headedness of British Airways. "BA have tried to offer our members crumbs from the table in the form of a 10 percent one-off bonus payment, but this doesn't cut the mustard. "Our members need to be reinstated the 10 percent they had stolen from them last year with full back pay and the 10% bonus which other colleagues have been paid. "GMB members at Heathrow have suffered untold abuse as they deal with the travel chaos caused by staff shortages and IT failures. "At the same time, they've had their pay slashed during BA's callous fire and rehire policy. "What did BA think was going to happen? "It's not too late to save the summer holidays - other BA workers have had their pay cuts reversed. DON'T MISS Calder offers Brits glimmer of hope as he dismisses BA strike [INSIGHT]'The rail strikes are a mistake of monumental proportions' [ANALYSIS]Brits are most adventurous aged 22 - from skydiving to travelling solo [VIDEO] "Do the same for ground and check-in staff and this industrial action can be nipped in the bud." Asked whether she would book a BA flight over the next few months, Ms Houghton told BBC Radio 4's PM programme: "Not at this stage". Unite national officer for aviation Oliver Richardson said: "The problems British Airways is facing are entirely of its own making. "It brutally cut jobs and pay during the pandemic even though the Government was paying them to save jobs. "In the case of this dispute, they have insulted this workforce, slashing pay by 10 percent only to restore it to managers but not to our members." READ NEXT: Safest country in the world for Britons - full listJenny Tough's perilous solo mountain run across six continentsBritons see prices 'skyrocket' in Majorca as hotels 'overwhelmed'POLL: Should ULEZ be waived during rail strikes?Britons advised to 'bring own GPS' to 'save thousands' on holiday