Manchester United and Arsenal are looking to raid Ajax this summer having identified potential targets to bolster their ranks. But the Dutch side are only willing to let players go on one condition.  Antony is still under contract at the Johan Cruyff Arena until 2025 and his current market value is believed to be around £31.5m, as per Transfermarkt. If a deal comes to fruition, the 22-year-old will become Ten Hag’s first signing in his tenure. Meanwhile the Gunners have been heavily linked with Martinez. But the Eredivisie outfit are not prepared to lose their defender, having already turned down an initial bid of £25m from Mikel Arteta’s side. It is understood that the Dutch side want around £30m for their player who was signed by Ten Hag from Argentine club Defensa y Justicia in 2019. READ MORE Neville tells Glazer family to turn down £11m dividends for three reasonsNewcastle ready to turn to £50m alternative liked by Man Utd if Ekitike snubs moveMan Utd already have two De Jong agreements but now they need a third  The versatile defender can play at both centre-back and as left-back, something that Arteta would benefit from, offering squad depth. Arsenal turned to the 24-year-old after they previously tried to sign Martinez’s teammate Jurrien Timber but were turned down. Although United are also interested, Martinez is said to not be a priority for the Dutch boss due to the options they currently have at centre-back, including Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof, Phil Jones and Eric Bailly. In addition, Timber also turned down a move to Old Trafford this summer. The decision stunned his former coach Ten Hag, with the Dutchman fearing his World Cup chances would be affected by a move as he would not to be the first choice. The Red Devils have now turned their attention to another defender, Pau Torres from Villareal. The 25-year-old whose contract runs out in 2024, has a release cause of around £50m. Meanwhile, midfielder Edson Alvarez has also been sounded out by United and Chelsea - and a potential deal is “negotiable” according to Verweij. However, a move for Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong is priority.