Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu reposted an image of a front page, celebrating the Jubilee. Responding to the image, the women's rights activist, wrote on Twitter: "No thank you. A British Monarchy which fails to create new legacy of Truth/Reconciliation/Justice/Equality for 70yrs just to keep status quo isn’t worth my respect. "Let's celebrate hardworking working-class Brits of all Races who for 70yrs+ are the backbone of UK #PlatinumJubilee". In response to the front of the Daily Mirror, She added: "To me the Queen never projected herself as mother of the nation in any maternal sense or with understanding/empathy on any issue. "Not like Princess Diana who exuded it." Many users on Twitter also hit out at the Jubilee, with Michelle writing: "If I was queen I would just have a cup of coffee and let all the money being spent sent to charity. "Not sure I could swallow my food knowing my people were starving." Jay added: "Say no more, you nailed it." Meanwhile, Skasky2409 said: "If this was a country in the far east, we would think it very old fashioned and backward, yet here we normalise it." Lady Truth Sword agreed, writing: "I'll second that." But others disagreed, with some hitting out at Dr Shola herself. One user, bayes_euler wrote: "Do u wake up each morning just to tweet hate?" Peter added: "How miserable are you!" Meanwhile, otakuman2003 wrote: "What?? Outrageous!! DON'T MISS: Queen facing 'high element of risk' as Meghan to exploit Jubilee [INSIGHT]Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return [REVEAL] Meghan Markle warned against 'appalling tactics' at Jubilee [REACTION] "God Save the Queen!! The Glorious Monarch!! "Long may she reign!!" This comes ahead of the Queen's Jubilee celebrations, starting today. The Government has set aside £28million for the four-day event, according to the government’s March 2021 budget. While lots of this will go towards celebratory events, £12million of this has been put aside for new books in primary schools. Thousands of Britons across the UK are expected to celebrate the milestone with street parties and Jubilee lunches. More than 200,000 lunches are expected to be held this Sunday. A total of 85,000 people have registered an interest in holding a lunch, significantly more than the 64,000 that registered an interest in doing the same for the Diamond Jubilee ten years ago.