Temperatures are expected to be significantly higher than normal over the next three months. Spain's meteorological agency, Aemet, has said there is a 60 percent chance that the Canary Islands will be warmer than normal this summer. There is a 70 percent chance that the Balearic Islands will also be warmer than usual over the same period. In response, local authorities have put an emergency heat prevention plan in place. The measures will be in place until September 15. High temperatures will not only make any sort of outdoor activities very difficult for tourists, it could also have negative health impacts. The emergency heat prevention plan includes a surveillance system to assess the impact of the high temperatures on the health of the population. Meanwhile, local healthcare centres are on high alert to deal with a potential influx of patients affected by the unusually warm weather. A health spokesperson from the Canary Islands said: "These actions are intended to increase individual prevention capacity to face the heat in the Canary Islands by applying measures that are easy and accessible. READ MORE: Spain holiday warning as country faces 'extreme temperatures' "All the hospitals and the Canary Islands Emergency Service (SUC) have staff designated and specially trained to deal with and effectively coordinate the services in the event of a possible heatwave, as well as the established communication channels." UK travellers have been advised to take measures to protect themselves from the heat, such as staying indoors, ensuring they stay hydrated and wearing SPF 50 suncream. They have also been advised to avoid leaving people or animals in hot cars. DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Europe struck by STRONG winds and THUNDERSTORMS this week [INSIGHT] BBC Weather: Britain set for REAL CHANGE in weather tomorrow [ANALYSIS] Hundreds could be evacuated as forest fire rages in Costa del Sol [REPORT] Writing on Twitter, Aemet said: "When the heat arrives, remember the importance of not leaving children, the disabled, the elderly or pets inside vehicles. "Studies show that the interior temperature of a parked car can quickly rise to dangerous levels for people and animals. "Leaving windows ajar does not significantly reduce temperature rise. "In addition, the effects can be more severe in children because they do not yet have the ability to regulate their body temperature efficiently." A spokesperson from Aemet, Rueben de Campo said: "The probability that the next quarter will be warmer than normal is very high." Forecasting for this week, Aemet said: "As of Thursday, we will exceed 35C in large areas of the Peninsula; more than 30C to 32C in the Balearic Islands and the south of the Canary Islands." Aemet also warned of "tropical nights" with temperatures not dropping below 20C in some areas.