Gary Cole was welcomed to the cast of NCIS last year as Agent Alden Parker, replacing veteran agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) as team leader. While it took some time to accept Parker in this role, many have slowly but surely adjusted to the major change in casting, growing more fond of the agent with every passing episode. Fans also got to find out some details regarding Parker's personal life in the NCIS season 19 grand finale.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. Agent Alden Parker was framed for murder in the series 19 finale but the person who was able to come to his rescue was his ex-wife Vivian Kolchak (played by Teri Polo). The former FBI agent now works as a paranormal investigator, much to the other agents' bemusement. Before her first appearance in the drama, actress Teri Polo was announced as having a guest recurring role in NCIS. So she will be back for more episodes when the police procedural returns for season 20. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret  Yes, Agent Alden Parker star Gary Cole is married in real life to a woman called Michelle Knapp. They tied the knot in an intimate ceremony in August 2021, so the couple are very much still newlyweds. Michelle is reportedly an interior designer, artist and model with a daughter called Gwendolyn from a previous relationship. It isn't clear how Cole and Knapp met or how long they were together before getting married.   Knapp isn't Cole's first wife though as he was married to actress Teddi Siddall for 25 years. She had appeared in various popular shows during her career, including Wings, LA Law, Grey's Anatomy and Happy Days. Cole had a daughter with Siddall who filed for divorce shortly before she died in 2018 at the age of 64. It has never been publicly explained as to why the couple split just before her death. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon admits he wasn't 'devastated' [REACTION]NCIS LA’s LL Cool J sparks crossover rumours with reunion [REUNION]NCIS season 20 theory: Torres commits murder in ‘dark’ clue [THEORY]  Last year was a big year for Cole, as not only did he get married, he went on to land one of the leading roles in NCIS. Despite the enormity of his latest job, the actor has revealed that he hasn't felt under any pressure as he follows in Harmon's footsteps. Cole told TV Insider: “I’ve done a lot of dropping into shows, [usually] as a recurring character. “Part of my job description is to get comfortable, whatever that takes. I’m not trying to be [Gibbs]. The writers made that distinction.”    Season 19 may be over but there is still plenty more to come from NCIS. CBS has given the drama the green light for a 20th series, along with a season 14 for NCIS Los Angeles and a second outing for NCIS Hawaii. A start date hasn't been confirmed but new series typically start around September each year. NCIS is available to watch on CBS in America and Disney+ in the UK.  