As it stands, the television fee is £159 for a colour licence or £79.50 for a black and white equivalent. The BBC manages, and is financially supported by, the levy. The fee is usually increased in line with inflation. However, in the light of the cost living crisis, the Government is hoping households can save some money with the fee freeze. This means the licence fee will stay at an annual price of £159 for two years before rising with the rate of inflation from April 2024. Once the freeze finishes in 2024, it is estimated that the cost of the licence fee will increase by only around £3.50 in 2024 to £162.50. Depending on how inflation changes between then and 2027, the Government believes the licence fee will cost less than £175. As part of previous agreements, the licence fee is promised until at least the end of 2027 by the BBC’s royal charter, which sets out the organisation’s purpose and remit. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum In the last review of the funding model, the white paper emphasised “it recognised there were a number of drawbacks to the licence fee” which affected households across the country. However, the assessment recognised the “most appropriate funding model for the BBC for this charter period”. Despite this, the Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries has confirmed the Government will review the licence fee’s funding model after this date. Ms Dorries outlined why the decision to freeze the licence fee is a “fair settlement” for the public broadcasters and people who have to pay it. She explained: “The BBC is a great national institution with a unique place in our cultural heritage. “It broadcasts British values and identities all over the world and reaches hundreds of millions of people every day. “But at a time when families are facing a sharp increase in their living costs we simply could not justify asking hard-working households to pay even more for their TV licence. “This is a fair settlement for the BBC and for licence fee payers. “The BBC must support people at a time when their finances are strained, make savings and efficiencies, and use the billions in public funding it receives to deliver for viewers, listeners and users.” Some of the alternative funding models being discussed for the BBC is a subscription service, similar to that of Netflix and Disney+. However, critics are unsure how successful that will be in the already crowded streaming market and question whether it will diminish the BBC’s position as a public broadcaster. For those concerned about the cost of the licence fee, multiple concessions and discounts are available for qualifying groups. While the BBC helps in the administration of the fee, the Government is in-charge of setting any discounts. Those who are registered as clinically blind can claim 50 percent of their fee, which covers everyone living in their household. People who are 75 years of age or older are eligible for a free licence if they claim Pension Credit, or their partner does. A reduced licence fee is also available for those living in care homes or in sheltered accommodation.