Coran Armstrong Witham was waiting for a taxi outside the fan park in Paris after the Champions League final when he claims a van pulled up and six to eight men jumped out armed with bats and other weapons. Coran was knocked unconscious in the savage attack and left at the side of the road with a fractured jaw and a broken arm. The attack only ended when French police drove past forcing the thugs to flee. But his family claim the police didn't stop and help Coran, who was still lying unconscious. The 22-year-old from Formby came around and put himself in a taxi to the hospital, the Liverpool Echo reports. After arriving at A&E, and seeing the queues, he made the split-second decision to get in a friend's dad's car who drove him back to Liverpool. He sat in the back of the car with his injuries for the 15-hour drive before being taken to Aintree hospital. Coran had originally flown out on his own to Paris where he met family and friends in the fan zone. He did some sightseeing around the city and sent messages to his mum back home telling her what a good time he was having. Following the savage attack, Coran told his family "I'm never going out again". Coran's aunt Lottie Witham told the Echo: "His mum's been by his side at the hospital since he came back on Monday morning. None of us have slept properly for days. "He can hardly speak as he's had pins placed in his jaw to repair the damage. He's going to be out of work for months now because of his injuries. But at least he's safe and back in England with his family now."  Coran's family has started a fundraiser for Coran to support him through the coming months while he's unable to work. Lottie told the Echo: "We hope it can give him a bit of positivity and a bit of a weight off his mind while he's going through this. "We want him to know everybody is behind him. But something like this shouldn't be happening - he's only 22. He was left unconscious on the side of the road. "They didn't help him - for all they know he could have been dead. I hope people realise the truth about what happened and there will be a ban to stop them hosting events again." You can donate to Coran's fundraiser here. 