There are more things to watch on Sky from today with Channel 4 launching a new service that brings comedy and entertainment to living rooms across the UK. The new channel, called E4 Extra, will feature shows including Batwoman, Ramsay’s Kitchen Nightmares, Ninja Warrior Japan and Undercover Boss USA. Plus there are classics such as Big Bang Theory, The Inbetweeners and Derry Girls. Along with those popular series, it has also been confirmed that E4 Extra will feature the UK exclusive of the second series of Legendary which explores the world of ball culture with celebrity judges including Jameela Jamil and Megan Thee Stallion. Speaking about the launch, Karl Warner, Head of Youth and Digital at Channel 4 said: "Going forward, E4 will hero large-scale reality and popular factual, whilst seamlessly partnering with E4 Extra where viewers can find scripted US favourites, comedy and entertainment. With E4 branded shows already driving a significant proportion of viewers to All 4, streaming fans will now have an even broader offer from the E4 family." It's not just Sky customers that are getting access to this new channel with it also coming to Freeview, Virgin and Freesat. Here's how you can watch E4 Extra it for free. Freeview • Channel 31 Virgin • Channel 337 Sky • Channel 139 Freesat • Channel 181 YouView • Channel 31 Along with E4 Extra launching on Sky, there's more good news for customers of this premium TV service. Paramount+ launched last week with the streaming platform offering a swathe of movies and boxsets to watch for a monthly fee of £6.99. Sky Q and Sky Glass users will find Paramount+ appearing on their homepage and anyone who subscribes to Sky Cinema can watch it for free. The UK launch brings films such as Mission Impossible: Fallout, Clifford the Big Red Dog, Transformers: The Last Knight and Scream. It's also confirmed that Top Gun: Maverick will be available to stream for Paramount+ members at no extra charge, with a release date likely to be announced soon. TV shows available from this Wednesday also include Halo, The First Lady, Super Pumped and The Offer.