Tiger Woods was set to participate in the 2022 US Open this week, but the iconic golfer withdrew from the third major of the year. The US Open takes place later this week at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts. As a three-time winner of the event, Woods has made a number of sporadic appearances on the PGA Tour this year after he completed his unbelievable comeback from the crash he suffered in Los Angeles in February 2021. The 46-year-old played at the two previous majors in the year, The Masters and The PGA Championship - but he will not play the US Open. Woods has opted not to play in the third major of the year, which has raised speculation surrounding his scheduled participation at The Open set to take place next month in St Andrews. Last week, he confirmed he will be absent from the tournament, which will see the likes of Rory McIlroy, Phil Mickelson and Jon Rahm compete for the title. The 15-time major champion last took played in the PGA Championship last month, making the cut but withdrawing after a third-round 79. According to the PGA, Woods informed the governing body that he would be unable to compete at Brookline as his ‘body needs more time to get stronger for major championship golf.’ His retirement from the PGA Championship in May was the first time the legendary sportsman withdrew from a major in his professional career. Woods was clearly in visible pain throughout the weekend, so his announcement concerning the US Open is unsurprising. READ MORE: Rory McIlroy hits out at 'selfish' stars over LIV defection Woods reportedly still plans to take part in The Open Championship at St Andrews in July. After withdrawing from the US Open, Woods tweeted: “I previously informed the USGA that I will not be competing in the @usopengolf as my body needs more time to get stronger for major championship golf. “I do hope and plan to be ready to play in Ireland at @JPProAm and at @TheOpen next month. I’m excited to get back out there soon!” Woods is undoubtedly desperate to return to St Andrews as it is a special course to him having won the most prestigious title in golf on two occasions. His first win came in 2000 at the Fife course, and he returned to glory six years later to claim the second of three Claret Jugs the American has won. DON'T MISSMcIlroy and Co to face outrageous US Open rough at the Country ClubMickelson stands firm on LIV Golf and addresses 9/11 familiesPhil Mickelson and co defended for Saudi tour switch Amid all the physical pain, Woods would still have likely needed to be persuaded by his staff to withdraw after the third round of the PGA. Regardless, he has a better chance of playing well in next month’s British Open after a much-needed rest. Rival and LIV Golf defector Phil Mickelson will surely be frustrated Woods has not turned up, as the attention on his decision to join the Saudi-backed series has ramped up. Woods, along with Justin Thomas, McIlroy, and Rahm, is a strong opponent to the series and reportedly turned down an offer to join of just under $1 billion. The 2022 US Open starts on June 16 and will be played over four days until play concludes on June 19. The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts will be the venue of the event for the fourth time having previously held the competition in 1913, 1963, 1988.