The Special Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend has kicked off with the Queen's famous birthday Trooping the Colour parade. The special event will be brought to a close with an impressive display by the RAF Red Arrows and the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight. The air display is scheduled to fly over Buckingham Palace between 12:40pm and 1:00pm. Aircraft will also soar above other parts of London and the southeast. For those who have not secured a prime position near The Mall or Buckingham Palace, or who are not in the capital, the display will also be available to watch online. READ MORE: RAF flypast for Jubilee: When and where to see the Red Arrows Most terrestrial and satellite channels, namely the BBC, ITV and Sky, are hosting dedicated coverage of the flypast and Trooping the Colour Parade. Most television channels with a dedicated online service, such as BBC iPlayer or ITV Player, will carry the event. The Telegraph also has a livestream which can be accessed on Youtube. DON'T MISSIs Monday a bank holiday? When will you head back to work? [INSIGHT]Will Meghan and Harry appear with Queen today? [REPORT]RAF flypast: All the key timings for Trooping the Colour today [EXPLAINER] Key timings for the RAF flypast RAF aircraft are set to assemble in the vicinity of The Wash, a bay located on the northwest corner of East Anglia before circuiting The North Sea. They will head back to the tip of East Anglia before flying south at around 12.15pm passing over Swaffham and Thetford in Norfolk. The aircraft will then jet past Ipswich and over Colchester in Essex. The column of aircraft will begin to emerge in central London at approximately 12.40pm, performing one of their most iconic shows until around 1.15pm. The formation will disperse after 1.15pm, at which point they will be heading back over South London for people to see until around 1.30pm. This dispersal will occur from the south and west of the London Control Zone, also flying over Kent, Surrey, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Gloucestershire, and Wiltshire. The flypast route is split into areas A to I, with London resting in areas E and F, which covers nearly the entire capital with area F taking in parts of South London such as Mitcham and Croydon, as well as Surrey. According to the map, the flypast will miss areas some areas in North London, like Wood Green, however, it’s important to note that the route - and timings - are approximate. The route will also be largely dependent on weather, and some changes could be made closer to the time. Area A – between 11.45am and 1pm Area B – between 12.15pm and 1.15pm Area C – between 12.30pm and 1.15pm Area D – between 12.30pm and 1.15pm Area E – between 12.40pm and 1.15pm Area F – between 12.50pm and 1.30pm Area G – between 12.50pm and 1.30pm Area H – between 12.50pm and 1.30pm Area I – between 12.50pm and 1.30pm