Tottenham Hotspur have held discussions with Marcus Rashford's camp over an audacious summer move, according to one of the club's player agents. And with several overseas clubs also enquiring about the out-of-sorts forward's availability, Manchester United have named their asking price. Italian super-agent Roberto De Fanti, whose list of clients includes Japhet Tanganga, has claimed Tottenham have held talks with Rashford's representatives over a sensational transfer. However, the north London club deem a move 'impossible' this summer. He told CaughtOffside: "I can also confirm that there have been some discussions very recently between the player's camp and Tottenham Hotspur. The London club feel negotiating a deal for Rashford is virtually impossible though – so that transfer no longer seems an option." De Fanti has suggested there is mass interest in Rashford, particularly in Spain and Italy, but United are confident their valuation of between £70million to £80m will fend off suitors. The Red Devils want him to stay at the club beyond this summer, with their limited transfer budget leaving little room to replace him, among other priorities. JUST IN: Paul Pogba aims sly dig at Man Utd as he lifts lid on transfer plans  "All the top sides in Spain and Italy have been keen to enquire about Marcus Rashford's availability and the possibility of him leaving United this summer," De Fanti explained. "Prior to any discussions, a valuation of around £40m, maybe £50m, seemed fair, but it turns out the attacker would cost a lot more – between £70m and £80m. "United are confident a club is unlikely to pay that, especially off the back of a poor season, so they're almost certain he will stay. They are happy for Rashford to stay too, also because they know that if they did sell him, they would need to replace him, and that is not a priority, definitely not this summer anyway." READ MORE: Man City respond to Bukayo Saka Arsenal transfer rumours  Tottenham are expected to heavily back Antonio Conte throughout his first summer transfer window as head coach. The Italian successfully guiding Spurs back into the Champions League with a fourth-place finish last season has helped bolster his kitty. Conte and Spurs sporting director Fabio Paratici are understood to be keen to complete the majority of their summer deals before pre-season begins. And there will likely be other priorities than another forward after already snapping up Ivan Perisic on a free transfer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.