Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been urged to push through with his interest in Leicester star Youri Tielemans after completing a deal for Gabriel Jesus. Arsenal legend Ray Parlour believes the Belgian would be an ideal player to come into the Gunners midfield. Tielemans has been linked with a move to the Emirates in recent months. His contract at Leicester expires at the end of next season and therefore he could be available for just £25million this summer. Arsenal's interest has cooled somewhat in recent weeks following the arrival of Fabio Vieira. But Tielemans is a deeper-lying midfield player than Vieira. Parlour believes Arsenal need to recruit in that area and says Tielemans is the perfect candidate. He told talkSPORT: “I think (Lisandro) Martinez is one. “I know they are in for him from Ajax. I am looking down the spine of the team and I think that’s where they might strengthen. READ MORE: Everton 'rejected Chelsea swap deal' before Tottenham agreed £60m Richarlison swoop  “As you mentioned, Tielemans is a really good ball-player. They have got [Thomas] Partey, who had his injury problems last season. "He missed quite a lot of games. You have got [Albert Sambi] Lokonga, who is going to get better and he’s still young. “But I think that’s the area. [Granit] Xhaka is getting that little bit older. I think that’s the area they really need to look at. "Get balls through the line and Tielemans would be ideal. Let’s hope, with my Arsenal hat on, they can somehow get him over the line, and in the ideal world, get everyone signed up by the (pre-season) tour.” DON'T MISSArsenal boss Mikel Arteta can sign obvious Raphinha alternative for just £34mMan Utd fail in bid to sign Frenkie de Jong £75m-rated partner in crimeMan Utd once rejected Neymar swap deal with PSG as talk of Premier League transfer grows  Arsenal are set to announce the signing of Manchester City striker Jesus imminently after a £45m fee was agreed. Parlour cannot wait to see the Brazilian in action for his old club. He said: “It’s a brilliant signing. Centre-forward was the area that they needed to strengthen. “We knew that [Alexandre] Lacazette’s contract was up and he was moving on and so Gabriel Jesus, to get him through the door is incredible. You see the pictures in the papers of Edu hugging him, he’ll be delighted to get a player of his calibre and what he’s done so far in his career. “He’ll obviously know Mikel Arteta as well. I’m really looking forward to seeing how he settles into the Arsenal side.”  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here