Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have arrived back in Los Angeles after a brief visit to the UK to join celebrations marking the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The couple's absence from the closing pageant outside Buckingham Palace is "telling" according to royal expert Victoria Arbiter, who believes an opportunity to heal the ongoinig rift between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family may have been missed. Ms Arbiter told Sunrise: "I think what is quite telling is the fact that Harry and Megan weren't at the concert at the Palace on Saturday night. "They weren't at the pageant, and that speaks to there perhaps being an ongoing frostiness. "This was not the weekend in which there was going to be a lot of time for this family to come together and talk behind the scenes. "This family needs that private time behind the scenes, but the schedule was just incredibly intense."  She added: "So I think some people were hoping that they might stay on a couple of days in order to have some private bonding time with a family and opportunity perhaps to talk through their difficulties. "But Harry and Megan jetted off for California even before the pageant had started on Sundays. "So I think yes, there is ongoing tension, but in order for this to be resolved, all parties are going to want to have to talk and perhaps they're not ready yet." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status.  Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. DON'T MISS: GB News panellist slams Meghan-bashing for going too far [VIDEO]Victoria Derbyshire gets 'emotional' over Queen's Paddington Bear skit [REACTION]Jubilee LIVE: 'How sad for Meghan and Harry' Duke and Duchess miss out [LIVE BLOG]  They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the duke and Charles who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate.