 The notion was discussed by defence expert Nicholas Drummond, who stated action may now be needed to be taken in order to end the war. So far, multiple nations have both condemned the Russian-led invasion of Ukraine and supplied Kyiv with much-needed weapons to defend themselves.   Mr Drummond, a defence industry analyst and consultant specialising in land warfare, raised the question of how to deal with the situation in Ukraine. The former army officer said: “The question is how do we handle Russia? “We may decide to go in and kick Russia out of Ukraine. “But what happens then, would Russia start a conflict with the West? “Would Putin launch a nuclear weapon? probably not.”  Fear has risen over the notion of Russia using a nuclear weapon. Continual rhetoric on Russian state TV has displayed fictitious models of nuclear strikes on western targets, including London and New York. Furthermore, Russia has showcased a series of hypersonic missiles, capable of delivering nuclear warheads to western cities in seconds. Mr Drummond stated although he believed Russia would not use a weapon of such calibre, he stated if Moscow did, “Russia would cease to exist.”  READ MORE:Russia loses new ammunition depot as warehouse in Kherson catches fire  However, the notion of diplomacy was also discussed in detail. When asked how the conflict could be stopped through talks, Mr Drummond suggested another superpower could help out. He added: “France and Germany have tried to broker talks, but since supplying Ukraine with weapons, they now have a biased position to handle diplomatic talks. “The same applies to Turkey which has provided Ukraine with drones. “The answer to solving the problem lies with China.” DON'T MISS:Putin sends Lithuania into panic mode [REVEAL]UK to send MORE weapons to Ukraine as EU's support exposed [ANALYSIS]Falklands veterans face legal loophole over horror injuries [EXCLUSIVE]  Speaking as to why China will play such a vital role in bringing peace, Mr Drummond stated the solution lies beyond a military reason. He continued: “China potentially has the most to lose if Russia uses a nuclear weapon. “The impact on the global economy should a nuclear weapon be used would deeply impact China more than any other nation. “I am not sure China would take too kindly to Russia using a nuclear weapon for this reason.” Beijing is fast on track to becoming the world’s largest economy, with some experts suggesting China will surpass the US by the year 2024.  The war in Ukraine is now heavily focused in the east of the country with Russian forces having all but captured the industrial city of Severodonetsk. Moscow has urged any Ukrainian resistance in the area to lay down arms and surrender. Ukrainian defence forces have taken efforts to frustrate Russian advances in the region by destroying bridges across key rivers into the city. The latest British military intelligence report on the war states that Russian forces have been surprised by the levels of resilience demonstrated by Ukrainian defences in stopping or slowing advances. The conflict is currently focused around the Azot Chemical plant in Severodonetsk where many Ukrainian fighters and civilians are believed to be holed up. 