Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will travel to the Rwandan capital Kigali to represent the Queen as head of the Commonwealth. His trip comes after the future King reportedly privately said that the Government's controversial policy to send asylum seekers to Rwanda was “appalling”. A source told the Times: “He said he was more than disappointed at the policy. “He said he thinks the Government’s whole approach is appalling. It was clear he was not impressed with the Government’s direction of travel.” Conservative MP Tom Hunt said the royal should “be incredibly careful going forward”. Journalist Andrew Pierce reacted to the future king's latest reported comments, in an interview on GB News, and insisted Charles should refrain from expressing his personal views. Mr Pierce said: “Prince Charles, by the way, should keep his nose out of it.” Ahead of the visit, Charles said: “My wife and I much look forward to meeting Commonwealth leaders and, for the first time, being able to visit Rwanda. “Over the years, I have learned a great deal from the ideas, concerns and aspirations which people across the Commonwealth have so generously shared.” During his trip, Charles is expected to visit a college and a wildlife sanctuary as well as attend summits on sustainable business and tropical disease. Camilla will visit a library and give a speech on violence against women and girls and together they will lay a wreath at the Genocide Memorial and meet survivors. Prime Minister Boris Johnso will also be attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting. Mr Johnson will be unable to avoid quotations on his migration policy after the first flight carrying asylum seekers to Rwanda was grounded by the European Court of Human Rights earlier this week. Mr Johnson has said that the Government was determined to press ahead with the policy despite the setback. Charles has been criticised previously for expressing his views on topics including the environment. Former Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage previously told Fox Business: “My problem with Charles – I've met him many times over the years – and the country's problem with him, is that he gets a bit too political. “The whole point of the monarchy is that it's supposed to stay above politics.” Traditionally members of the Royal Family remain impartial and politically neutral and usually do not become involved in politics. A Clarence House spokesman said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” So what do YOU think? Should Prince Charles wade in on the UK migration plan on the Rwanda trip? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.