Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward are in Gibraltar to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Today the royal couple met with members of the public on Main Street, and spent time with schoolchildren from St Bernards Lower and Upper Primary and Prior Park at Moorish Castle Estate. For the two occasions, Sophie changed her outfit. To kick of the day, Sophie opted for a bright cobalt blue dress. It is believed to be by designer ME+EM and the Supersoft Cotton Poplin Tiered Maxi Dress and Belt. It is in the colour Lapis Blue and priced at £195. The product description reads: “Suited to rising temperatures in the city and beside sandy shores, the cotton-poplin fabric defining this maxi dress is blended with lyocell for a super-soft hand-feel. READ MORE: Queen Letizia of Spain steps out in white lacy dress ‘So stylish!' “The versatile cut combines a neat collar and flattering tiered skirt for a style that speaks to casual and elevated settings.” It features an open shirt V neckline, short t-shirt sleeves that can be turned up or worn down. Across the bust there is gathered fabric, before falling into an a-line skirt with tiers, volume and gathers. Sophie removed the matching belt tie and chose a thich white belt instead. DON'T MISS...Boots announces ‘biggest ever’ price change - 1000s products affected [NEWS]Wetherspoons ex-employee on the menu items you should avoid [INSIDER]Weight loss: Doctor shares ideal eating window to boost weight loss [VIDEO] To accessorise, the Countess chose a pair of navy espadrilles. Across the toe was a white floral lace design. Her bag for the occasion was a straw bucket bag which had sky blue chunky flowers and a hooped handle. Later on, Sophie changed her dress to one she previously wore during her visit to Antigua and Barbuda earlier this year. The pale blue and cream floral dress is by Suzannah London - a designer Sophie regularly wears. It is the Heart Leaves Classic Silk Tea Dress and is priced at £1,050. The dress is made from pure silk and the floral pattern is inspired by the leaves on a Gingko tree, the products description reads. “Based on our best selling 1930's silk tea dress block, this signature style is beautifully flattering with unique charm and versatility,” it added. “The print has been digitally printed onto Italian silk crepe de chine, by our expert silk mill in Como, Italy. “The dress has short pleated sleeves, with a shirred empire seam and bias cut silhouette.” Anyone wishing to copy Sophie’s style, there are limited sizes available, of which have to be pre-ordered.