Manchester United have been served a well-timed reminder of what they need to do in the summer transfer window. Raphael Varane suffered his latest injury blow on Friday evening, an issue that has so far stifled him since joining from Real Madrid last year. Varane was forced off after 61 minutes and replaced by Arsenal's William Saliba in France's Nations League defeat against Denmark. The 29-year-old pulled up clutching his left leg at the Stade de France and was later seen receiving treatment on his hamstring. He has since withdrawn from the France squad, with Didier Deschamps handing Liverpool's Ibrahima Konate his maiden senior international call-up in response. Varane will now miss games against Croatia and Ralf Rangnick's Austria next week. But while United would've been initially sweating over his condition, early indications suggest it's nothing serious. He will be able to rehabilitate the problem while on holiday from now until pre-season begins in less than a month, but it should still raise fears. JUST IN: Man Utd urged to close out De Jong deal as Van Gaal makes claim Ole Gunnar Solskjaer signed Varane to be a stalwart of United's defence, but he missed a total of 17 games last season and only started in 20 of the club's 38 Premier League fixtures. This summer, new manager Erik ten Hag is expected to sign a new centre-back with Jurrien Timber and Pau Torres in his sights. Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof both endured unconvincing seasons as United recorded their worst-ever Premier League campaign - in terms of points and goals conceded. So to enter the new campaign with a new name, an injury-prone Varane, and two players who might not have a future under Ten Hag presents a significant risk. READ MORE: Leeds set two conditions for Raphinha transfer with Barcelona in talks Timber can also play as a right-back, so with Aaron Wan-Bissaka up for sale, his former Ajax boss could target him as a replacement capable of also providing cover centrally. Torres has been on United's shortlist for a couple of years and would've been pursued last summer had Varane not become available. Reports suggest the Red Devils could snap up both for below £80million combined, potentially not even half of the summer budget if player sales raise funds. Some of those in the shop window are defenders Wan-Bissaka, Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones, whose departures would only intensify the need for double reinforcements. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.