Mick Lynch, the man about to bring Britain to a grinding halt with a terribly ill-thought out rail strike, earns around £124,000-a-year. He is no more the voice of the working classes than the Queen is. His £124,000-a-year as RMT boss puts him in the top one percent of earners - and if that doesn't say elitism, or indeed capitalist fat cat, I don't really know what does. To the other 99 percent of us, who can only dream of that sort of wealth, he may as well be a 19th century land owning squire. What he definitely isn't.. is anything to do with Britain's working class anymore. And nor are his members. They are not downtrodden loom workers being crushed beneath the heel of the evil capitalist mill owner. They are really quite well off. As we know, some London Tube drivers are paid more than £100,000 and the average train driver earns £59,000. You earn that much? No, thought not - given that the median average salary for all workers in the UK is just over £25,000. Last week Mick, apparently with neither irony nor a scrap of self awareness, told a mass meeting: “We are in a class struggle now. Whose side are you on?" Oh, we're manning the barricades for those desperately struggling to scrape by on six-figure-salaries and gold plated pensions Mick.  I mean, even if you agreed with the principle of these strikes (and it's really hard to see how you could) Mick is basically asking poor people to to back well-off people's attempts to make themselves richer, without doing a stroke more work. And, er, that's the job of the hated capitalist hegemony isn't it Mick? Four legs good, two legs better? I don't think Mick is being honest with himself. He wants more money and an easier life, just like the rest of us. Nothing wrong with that, but he's dressing is up as a class war, and that's just not going to wash Mick. Hand on heart I've faced the same problem the RMT union baron is facing - in that we are both just not working class anymore. I was born on an actual Coronation Street-esque cobbled street in the north and to me the word bath will always rhyme with Sylvia Plath (middle class moi!?) I will always understand, to my bones, what it means to be working class but at some point, perhaps the purchase of your first rental property, or maybe the moment you send your kids to private school, you have to accept you ain't LS Lowry anymore. What Mick should do is come out and say "I know most of my members earn a rake more than the general public but we just want more money. It's that simple folks." I think I'd quite respect that. Trouble is Mick, it's the general public - your beloved working classes more accurately - who would be paying for your members' luxury lives. The average household in Britain has already poured £600 each - a split of the national £16Bn total - into keeping the railways running and the rail workers employed through the hell of Covid. £600 each to basically prop up Mick Lynch's members? As the cost of living crisis bites harder are you happy to put your hand in your pocket and sub people who already earn more than you even more of your money? Me neither. And, for once, it's not even the Government's fault. "The Government has the power to help end this dispute,' TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady said. But they don't, pay negotiations are between employer and employee, end of. Indeed it seems utterly bizarre for unions to be demanding the government of the day have a hand in negotiating their pay. "But rather than working in good faith to find a negotiated settlement," Ms O'Grady went on, "ministers are inflaming tensions and trying to pitch worker against worker." But a strike is not really an act of good faith either is it Frances? It's an act of f*** you and the horse you rode in on. Which, ironically enough, might just be the only form of transport going anywhere tomorrow