Chelsea are prepared to surrender a second striker this summer as West Ham push to sign Armando Broja in a potential £30million deal. The Blues are already in talks with Inter Milan to loan Romelu Lukaku back to the Serie A side and now Express Sport understands the West Londoners are willing to listen to offer for Albanian forward Broja.   The 20-year-old was expected to be included in Thomas Tuchel's pre-season plans this summer, with the Chelsea boss keen to take a closer look at the striker, who struck nine goals in 39 appearances during an impressive loan stint with Southampton last season. However, Express Sport now understands the Blues will consider offers for Broja amid interest from West Ham. The Hammers are reportedly weighing up a bid in the region of £30m for the Slough-born striker. According to Sky Sports, Broja has emerged as the Irons' top attacking target this summer and they will continue to push ahead to strike an agreement despite continued uncertainty over Chelsea's hierarchy. Chairman Bruce Buck and director Marina Granovskaia are both set to leave the club as new owner Todd Boehly has begun ringing major changes at Stamford Bridge. Boehly’s consortium completed their club takeover from Roman Abramovich last month and have been immediately tasked with overseeing a seismic summer of change both on and off the pitch. JUST IN: Arsenal and Tottenham set to be 'trumped' by Chelsea for Richarlison  With regards to the playing squad, Tuchel previously declared both Broja and Conor Gallagher, who dazzled during a loan spell with Crystal Palace last campaign, would return to Chelsea this summer. The German asserted that the pair would be given opportunities to prove themselves in pre-season before decisions would be made regarding their futures. "They will come back [to Chelsea] for sure," Tuchel revealed during a pre-match press conference last month. "I want to have them in pre-season. We will decide in pre-season what goes on. It is heavily up to [them] - and how they do.” DON'T MISS...Chelsea have Raheem Sterling transfer alternative who would save £35mChelsea could be about to sign a player 'better than Kylian Mbappe'Transfer news LIVE: Eriksen 'accepts' Man Utd, Salah to quit Liverpool  Should Broja be allowed to depart this summer, he appears set to follow in Lukaku's footsteps. The Belgian forward, who has openly expressed a desire to return to Inter just one year on from his club-record £97.5m Chelsea move, is edging ever closer to re-joining the side from the San Siro as talks continue. It appears increasingly likely that the Blues will be required to dip into the market for some new firepower up front, with Timo Werner and makeshift striker Kai Havertz Tuchel's only centre-forward options of note. Chelsea have been linked with moves for Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling and Barcelona attacker Ousmane Dembele in recent weeks.  