Manchester United could use hot prospect James Garner to sweeten a potential summer deal for Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips. United are eyeing a defensive-midfield signing in Erik ten Hag's first transfer window and have registered an interest in Phillips' services. Ten Hag is understood to have pinpointed a centre-back, defensive midfielder, central midfielder and striker as four priority positions. But United's interest in the England international was complicated by Leeds avoiding relegation on the final day and further stifled by Manchester City's emergence among his suitors. According to The Athletic, Leeds are privately hopeful that Phillips will sign a new contract and remain at his hometown club for another season. But regardless of whether his near future lies away from Elland Road or not, Leeds are interested in bolstering their midfield ranks. In the second half of last season, the Whites enquired about Garner as he regularly made headlines in Nottingham Forest's Premier League promotion push. And that interest could still be present, with the 21-year-old ready for his maiden top-flight campaign. JUST IN: Man Utd appoint Jurgen Klopp's ex-Liverpool coach After dramatically maintaining their Premier League status, Leeds won't feel obliged to sell Phillips for anything near the £25million fee they would've had to accept if they couldn't escape the drop. With United's budget limited and their west Yorkshire rivals credited with an interest in Garner, they could be tempted to test their resolve. Garner's stocks have skyrocketed during his loan at Forest, and he created the chance for the winning goal in Sunday's Championship Play-Off final against Huddersfield Town. Ten Hag is expected to evaluate the box-to-box ace before offering him the opportunity to join his first-team squad or send him out on loan for regular Premier League football. READ MORE: Leeds 'explored re-signing Arsenal star Eddie Nketiah' Depending on how desperately United want to recruit Phillips, Ten Hag may feel the 26-year-old's ceiling is higher and could sanction Garner's involvement in a deal. But that outcome is unlikely given how highly United fans and figures rate him. Garner made his Red Devils senior debut in a 3-1 win at Crystal Palace in the 2018-19 season and has gone on to make seven appearances, four of them coming in the Europa League. With the club back in the competition next season, he will undoubtedly get the chance for more minutes if he stays at Old Trafford, but a loan elsewhere could serve his development best. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.