Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William took on several duties throughout the Platinum Jubilee weekend as they joined efforts to have the Queen mark her 70th year on the throne in style. The celebrations also saw the return of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to the UK in their first reunion with the Royal Family since stepping down from their roles in March 2020. But no reunification took place, with Mr Andersen claiming the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "made no effort" to bridge the gap with Harry and Meghan. He told Royally US: "William and Kate made no effort at all to introduce George, Charlotte, and Louis to their cousins. "Yes, they went to Wales at one point during the birthday party for Lili. But they could've made room during that schedule to see them. "As far as I know, nobody believes they spoke. "There are moments at the cathedral where it looks as if like Meghan was turning away from Kate when Kate walks by. A lot of tension." JUST IN: 'Didn't want Kate' Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic Plans for the Jubilee weekend are believed to have been in the workings for months, and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle confirmed their presence only in May. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge travelled to Cardiff with their eldest children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, to mark the Jubilee with the local community. They later attended the Platinum Jubilee at Buckingham Palace with other senior members of the Royal Family. But Prince Harry and Meghan Markle did not attend any further official events after the thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. READ MORE: Lilibet birthday photo: Portrait exposes key difference between Meghan and Kate They also kept a low profile whilst attending Trooping the Colour, looking at the celebration from an off-side building on Horse Guards Parade with the rest of the family. Relations between Prince Harry and his older brother William have been branded as "frosty" amid persistent speculation over the state of their bond. The Duke of Sussex released a series of interviews, both with Meghan and by himself, since his departure in which he questioned the treatment his family received whilst still working on behalf of the Queen. Harry claimed Prince Charles had cut him off and refused to take his calls after he announced his departure from the institution. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle suffers 'spectacular decline and fall' in UK [ANALYSIS]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations ‘worth every single penny!’ [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [VOTE] And in a talk with US TV star Oprah Winfrey, the Duke also claimed he and Meghan had been questioned by an unnamed royal about the skin colour of their son Archie before his birth. Asked whether he had spoken to Harry the day after the interview aired, the Duke of Cambridge said: "No, I haven't spoken to him yet, but I will do." And asked whether the Royal Family was racist, he hit back: "We're very much not a racist family." Prince William and Prince Harry were last seen interacting in public when they attended the unveiling of a statue in honour of their mother in July 2021.