Among these are what Western observers have termed ‘super weapons’ (superoruzhie), a phrase now adopted by Putin in recent weeks. These systems are based on the modernisation of established weapons systems with the application of novel technology. Each has their own role, but common to all is a focus on defeating western modern air defence systems. First announced by Putin during a speech to the Federal Assembly in March 2018, they represent an attempt by the Regime to apply disruptive military-relevant technologies to modernise its force structure and address the increasing defence disparity between Russia and the west. The best known of these super weapons is the RS-28 ‘Sarmat’ silo-launched intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). Under development since at least 2009, it is due to replace the RS-36M ‘Satan’ ICBM as early as next year and its initial test flight was reportedly conducted in mid-April 2022. At 200 tons in weight, claimed enhancements include an extended range (unlimited according to Putin), a short active flight segment which makes it less vulnerable to being intercepted, and an ability to carry a wide range of high-yield nuclear weapons, including eventually the Avangard hypersonic glide vehicle. Adopting a fractional orbital trajectory, its flight path will obscure the selected target and it can be delivered via the south pole, thereby evading for example, detection by NORAD's north-facing early warning systems. The ground-launched Avangard Hypersonic Glide Vehicle (HGV) is intended to be capable of a speed of greater than Mach 20 and with a range of 2,000 km. Another incremental development, the defining feature of this system is its ability to manoeuvre in flight, again reducing the intercept ability of defensive missile systems. Russia claims that the system is now operational, but there is currently no evidence to support this, although the stated intent is for it to become fully operational with two missile regiments by the end of 2027. A third strategic system declared by Putin in 2018 is the Burevestnik ground-launched, nuclear-powered cruise missile. Putin has claimed the missile has unlimited range due to it being powered by a small-scale nuclear reactor, enabling it to fly around all known air defences to reach its target. Considerably bigger than Russia’s current air-launched cruise missiles, the exact method of nuclear propulsion employed by the Burevestnik is unknown. However, tests of the weapon have been conducted and three launch sites have been detected from satellite imagery. The Kinzhal is a sub-strategic air‐launched, precision‐guided high‐speed ballistic missile specifically developed for the Russian Aerospace Forces to engage ground‐based and seaborne targets. This area-denial weapon or anti‐access/area-denial (A2/AD) weapon system provides high‐speed strike capability by using inertial guidance and has several lethal warhead options and is the only one of Putin’s super weapons currently operational. Launched by modified MiG-31 and Tu-22 aircraft, small numbers have been used in Ukraine. Putin’s super weapons also include maritime capabilities in the form of the Poseidon Nuclear‐capable long‐range torpedo/unmanned underwater vehicle (UUV) and the Tsirkon ship-launched hypersonic anti-ship missile. The former is believed to feature nuclear propulsion and a nuclear payload, although it could also carry a conventional payload and is due for entry into service prior to 2027. The Tsirkon is a winged hypersonic two-stage cruise missile, incorporating a scramjet engine in its second stage to attain hypersonic speeds and able to strike targets up to 1,000 km away. Not yet operational, a successful test firing was conducted on May 28, in the Barents Sea from the frigate Admiral Gorshkov. Not included in the list of super-weapons, but worth noting is the Peresvet directed energy point defence system, believed to be already operational. Little is known about the power output of the system, but examples have subsequently appeared in installations around ICBM launch facilities.   Given its small size and corresponding power limitations, Peresvet is likely intended to defeat airborne targets such as small unmanned aerial vehicles or incoming missiles in a point-defence capacity. If the nuclear power source can be developed to increase output sufficiently, it is possible that Peresvet may provide an anti-satellite capability, dazzling or even damaging optical sensors in lower orbital regimes. In summary, there has been significant investment by Russia over the last few years to modernise and improve its strategic arsenal and develop new systems that are intended to defeat existing strategic defence systems. While none are yet at a stage where they present an imminent threat to the west, against the backdrop of military failures in Ukraine, they are now becoming increasingly important to Putin’s strategic credibility as a threat to the west. All need to be taken seriously and counter-capabilities developed by western military powers.  Sean Corbett is the founder and CEO of IntSight Global and Chairman of the National Security Advisory Board at Janes, the trusted global agency for open-source defence intelligence. He retired from the Royal Air Force in September 2018 as a two-star officer after a 30-year career as a professional intelligence officer. He was the first Non-US Deputy Director of a major US Intelligence Agency. 