Having announced the proposed date for a second referendum yesterday, Scotland’s First Minister spoke to ITV’s GMB about the prospect of Scottish Independence. Mr Ray suggested that the SNP could continue pushing for independence votes until they eventually succeeded, to which Ms Sturgeon said she “can’t bind future populations” of Scotland.    Mr Ray said: “What happens in October 2023 if you do get the referendum, and it has to go through a legal process to even get to that point? “But if it does not go your way, will that be the end of it? Do you commit now to standing by that decision or will there be another referendum a few years later if it does not go the way you and your party want?” Ms Sturgeon said: “Let me take this argument head on. Back in 2014, people like me said to people in Scotland, ‘Don’t lose this opportunity. Make sure you think carefully about this and take the opportunity of independence because we might not get another opportunity’.    “That was the context of what you have just put to me there. No politician can stand in the way of people in a country taking a different decision in future. “Now, it may surprise you to hear this but I’m not going to be First Minister and leader of the SNP forever and ever. “I hope to be in this position for quite some time but I can’t bind future populations of Scotland or future Governments of Scotland.” READ MORE: Nicola's indyref tripe to cover-up stats showing Scots in real trouble [REVEAL]     Speaking later, Ms Sturgeon compared the Brexit vote in 2016 to the possibility of a second Scottish referendum on independence. Scotland's First Minister said on Wednesday that there was a stronger mandate for a Scottish independence referendum than there ever was for Britain's 2016 vote. She said: "There is a stronger mandate for an independence referendum in the Scottish parliament than there ever was for a Brexit referendum in the UK Parliament. "A majority of MSPs in the Scottish Parliament support a referendum so if we had a democracy then that should be respected.” DON'T MISS: Lib Dems blast Boris Johnson and reject pro-UK pact to block IndyRef2 [REPORT] Everything she touches gets worse Sturgeon has made a mess of Scotland [OPINION] Scottish independence: What happens now? Route map in full [INSIGHT]     The last Scottish independence referendum was held on September 18, 2014. Nearly 85 percent (84.6) of the Scottish population turned up to vote. The turnout was the highest recorded for an election or referendum in the United Kingdom since the January 1910 general election. In part, this was achieved because the vote was opened up to 16 and 17-year-olds after the passing of the Scottish Independence Referendum Act 2013. However, the result did not go the way the SNP believed it would, with 55.3 percent of respondents voting ‘No’ to the prospect of Scottish independence. READ NEXT: Sturgeon mocked for 'now is the time' indyref launchBoris hints he could AGREE to Sturgeon's IndyRef2 after SNP pushNicola Sturgeon announces 'route map' to Indyref2Sturgeon's marriage to SNP chief Peter Murrell: 'Nicola is in charge!'Nicola Sturgeon slapped down over Indyref2 'Clear people don't want!' 