The Prime Minister narrowly won his vote of confidence on Monday by 211 to 148. However, despite emerging victorious he now leads a deeply divided party as 41 percent of his own MPs voted to sack him as party leader.  Mr Johnson's result is worse than the situation Theresa May faced when 117 Tory MPs voted unsuccessfully to oust her in 2018. Mrs May won 63 percent of the vote but had to resign in May 2019 after it became clear she was unable to get a Brexit deal through parliament. Allies of Mr Johnson have suggested that Mr Hunt would bring some stability to the Government, according to The Daily Telegraph. It is acknowledged that while Mr Johnson is good at winning elections, he is poor at governing while Mr Hunt, a former health secretary, has the opposite skillset.  Appointing Mr Hunt, a remainer and former Cameron era loyalist, would be seen as a bold move promoting unity. It would also be a rebuke to critics who claim that the Prime Minister's Government is in effect a continuation of the Vote Leave campaign. However, there is no guarantee that Mr Hunt, who was beaten by Mr Johnson during the 2019 Conservative leadership election, would accept the position. Mr Hunt, who replaced Mr Johnson as Foreign Secretary in 2018, immediately resigned when the former London Mayor became Prime Minister in July 2019  READ MORE: Lib Dems hatch new plot to oust Boris TODAY as Davey scrambles  He also turned down the opportunity to become Defence Secretary. Mr Hunt also voted against Mr Johnson in Monday's no confidence vote. Following the vote, Mr Hunt wrote on Twitter that he still felt that Mr Johnson's Government did not offer "integrity" or "competence". He said: "The Conservative Party must now decide if it wishes to change its leader. DON'T MISS: 'More like Berlusconi than Churchill' Boris mocked by Italian daily [REVEAL] Boris SAVED: Desperate bid to oust PM in no confidence vote fails [INSIGHT] Newsnight: Boris Johnson ‘very rattled’ by confidence vote  [SPOTLIGHT]  "Because of the situation in Ukraine this was not a debate I wanted to have now but under our rules we must do that. "Having been trusted with power, Conservative MPs know in our hearts we are not giving the British people the leadership they deserve. "We are not offering the integrity, competence and vision necessary to unleash the enormous potential of our country." There is also the headache of Chancellor Rishi Sunak's future should he be demoted in favour of Mr Hunt. Mr Sunak was until recently seen as Mr Johnson's obvious successor until recently negative publicly about his involvement in the partygate debacle. 