The news comes as NATO member leaders meet at a summit in Madrid to discuss the ongoing Russian-led invasion of Ukraine. Throughout the war, Russian state media has already threatened to strike Western targets. The latest threat comes in a tweet with photos taken by Roscosmos, the Russian space agency.  In the images attached, overhead views of key Western sites can be seen with geographical coordinates. Dmitry Rogozin, head of Roscosmos, posted on his Telegram account: “Today, the NATO summit opens in Madrid, at which Western countries will declare Russia their worst enemy, “Roscosmos publishes satellite photographs of the summit venue and the very ‘decision centres’ that support Ukrainian nationalists. “At the same time, we are giving the coordinates of the objects. Just in case.”  The images are not dissimilar from such pictures easily obtainable via an internet search engine satellite map view. Speaking of the photos, one social media user named Sonja Eftimovska wrote: “Rozogin threatening to strike. “Rozcosmos has published satellite images with the coordinates of decision-making centres as Bundestag building in Berlin, central London, the Pentagon and the White House in the United States, as well as the venue for the NATO summit in Madrid.” Russia has also recently threatened to use the so-called SATAN 2 missile known as SARMAT in Russia. TV hosts had previously been seen joking and laughing at the notion of using the missile to strike New York, as well as turning London into a nuclear wasteland in 200 seconds due to the hypersonic speed.  READ MORE:How many troops does Russia have? Inside Moscow's military forces Russian President Vladimir Putin has vowed to have the fearsome missile capable of carrying more than 10 warheads and able to strike numerous targets up and ready by the end of the year. The missile is capable of travelling over 11,000 miles, making it capable of hitting targets anywhere in the world.  DON'T MISS:Russia's shopping centre strike likely 'intended for nearby target' [REVEAL]'Seismic moment' Germany and France to 'leapfrog' UK [INSIGHT]China launches third aircraft carrier in chilling warning [REPORT] Fears over a nuclear strike are being felt by ordinary citizens across the US. A survey conducted by Associated Press shows that three-quarters of Americans worry that Russia will use nuclear weapons against the United States, and over half worry that the Russians would target their hometown specifically. Likewise, a report the following month from the Chicago Council on Global Affairs found that 69 percent of Americans fear a US nuclear exchange with Russia. Russia's ambassador to the US added fuel to the fire when he complained: “The current generation of NATO politicians clearly does not take the nuclear threat seriously.”  The Ministry of Defence (MoD) and Downing Street have been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment.