The Stuttgart Open have opened an investigation into alleged racial abuse towards Australian tennis player Nick Kyrgios after the star claimed he was targeted with 'racial slurs' in his loss to Andy Murray on Saturday. Kyrgios, 27, took to Instagram to address the abuse that he suffered in the south German city. Despite his loss to the Scot, the slurs remained the biggest issue and many conveyed their support for the Canberra-born star. The Stuttgart Open have now issued a statement to express their regret towards the incident, saying that it was 'under investigation'. "We have expressed our regret towards Nick Kyrgios and his team and assured that any kind of discrimination is unacceptable," the statement read. "The incident is currently under investigation. We stand for creating an inclusive environment for all. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated. These fundamental values are as important as values like fairness, tolerance and team spirit to us. Thus no discriminating actions by the spectators are accepted." The statement came after Kyrgios alluded to alleged racist abuse on his Instagram account. "When is this going to stop? Dealing with racist slurs from the crowd?" he wrote on Saturday. "When I retaliate to the crowd I get penalised. This is messed up." Tennis hero Serena Williams highlighted how racism has been prevalent in tennis for a long time back in 2020. "Now, we as Black people have a voice - and technology has been a huge part of that," she said in an interview for the British Vogue November 2020 issue. "We see things that have been hidden for years; the things that we as people have to go through. This has been happening for years. People just couldn't pull out their phones and video it before. I think for a minute they (white people) started – not to understand, because I don't think you can understand – but they started to see. I was like 'well, you didn't see any of this before? I've been talking about this my whole career'. It's been one thing after another." Murray beat Kyrgios in straight sets to set up a final against Matteo Berrettini. He won 7-6 (7-5), 6-2 to reach the final against the Italian, although injury hampered his progress and he succumbed to a 4-6, 7-5, 3-6 loss to the Rome-born talent on Sunday. Kyrgios will look to beat his career-best finish of a quarter final place when he competes at Wimbledon in two weeks' time. However, with stars such as Rafa Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Berrettini in the running, he will have his work cut out.