Planning for retirement can be a challenge, but there are proactive steps Britons can take. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Matthew Arends, partner and head of UK retirement policy at Aon, who offered insight on this matter. Mr Arends likened pension planning to the current Wimbledon tournament, suggesting Britons need to consider a “volley” of questions to avoid savings disaster. He said: “It is all about asking yourself the right questions. “Rudyard Kipling’s poem ‘I Keep Six Honest Serving Men’ - ‘What and Why and When, And How and Where and Who’ can easily be applied to working out where you are now, and where you need to be with your retirement savings. “Asking yourself these questions and finding the right answers could give you some peace of mind about your future.” READ MORE: State pension: You could inherit your partner’s retirement sum Firstly, Britons should be asking themselves about what type of pension arrangement they have. This could be defined contribution, defined benefit, or a personal arrangement. Some may only be currently reliant on the state pension, with this as a sole form of retirement income not generally recommended. Once this established, then it is important to understand how one’s pension works - as this is paramount. DON'T MISSMum floored as she was targeted for £5,000 by scammers [VIDEO]TV Licence could be linked to council tax in radical shake-up [LATEST]State pension: New online tool shows if you could boost retirement sum [INSIGHT] Understanding why one is saving is also key, as it helps to keep individuals on track with their goals. Some will have dreams they want to pursue in retirement, while others will just want to get by. Most important is securing a standard of living in retirement that they aspire to. For some, retirement will be a cliff edge of leaving the workforce at a specific age - typically state pension age. However, for others, retirement will depend on when a person has saved enough to fulfil their dreams. Bearing this in mind helps Britons to decide when they will depart from their working lives. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money There are various ‘how’ based questions which pension savers and those on track for their retirement should ask. How much state pension a person is due is key, as this is a retirement safety net. This can be checked online via the Government’s tool. How a person is accessing their pension savings is also key, as withdrawing in the wrong way could incur hefty tax charges. In addition, how much a person has in different pension pots will help them to understand if they have enough to see them through retirement.  Where the details of a person’s pension are is also important, given that paperwork is likely to hold the key to understanding pension arrangements. Some individuals will have lost contact with old pensions over the years due to circumstantial changes such as changes of address and job. Tracking these down is vital, and can be achieved through the Pension Tracing Service online. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Pension savers do not have to go it alone, and who will help them achieve their goals is also a key point to be considered. Employers can often significantly assist Britons in understanding their workplace arrangement, and managing it. Elsewhere, pension companies often release paperwork annually to provide Britons with details about their savings. Some may wish to seek financial advice, or find out more via the Money and Pensions Service.  Mr Arends concluded: “The most successful tennis players talk about how well they 'play the big points' – and there are plenty of those in saving for your retirement too. “However old you are, asking the right questions, seeking the right help and making the right decisions at those big points will make a real difference on whether you smash your retirement planning.”