Manchester United officials have reportedly flown out to Amsterdam to conduct the final stages of a transfer move for Antony. The winger has emerged as Erik ten Hag's top target as he looks to boost his attacking options at his new club. The Brazilian international starred under Ten Hag at Ajax, helping him to lead them to two successive Eredivisie titles. His performances at the Johan Cruyff Arena appears to have marked him out as the solution to United's problems on the right wing. In order to push through a deal, The Sun report that United have now sent their transfer chiefs out to the Netherlands for the final stage of negotiations. The Red Devils will pay £40million to sign Antony, who will become their first signing of the Ten Hag era. The United boss is keen for the 22-year-old to kick off his rebuild at Old Trafford, having been charged with turning around the club's fortunes. His impressive campaign last term saw him score 12 goals and notch 10 assists, form Ten Hag will hope he can recreate in Manchester. READ MORE: Man Utd warned by Louis Saha not to sign £100m players 'who disrupt' If the deal goes through as expected, it will be the first signing that Ten Hag has made for United since taking charge at Old Trafford. As many as five new players are expected, with two midfielders and a defender also on the shopping list. At the weekend, chief executive Richard Arnold insisted that Ten Hag and football director John Murtough has been handed a large transfer budget. Arnold was caught on camera as he met disgruntled supporters and he promised there was money for a large-scale overhaul. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'hope' Frenkie de Jong bid below asking price will be enough (INSIGHT)Arsenal 'fear' Man Utd will sign Lisandro Martinez after Timber snub (NEWS)Man Utd ‘disregarding most recommendations’ because of Ten Hag list (TRANSFERS) “For this summer, the money the manager [Erik ten Hag] and director of football [John Murtough] wants is there […] and this is the bit where, what’s my job as CEO, I make sure John does his job on football. Get some f***ing players in. Money’s there, OK? Get on with it John," he said. "Money is not a consideration on who we want. The manager wants him [De Jong] and they have actually done the work. He's a great player. Is it 100 or 200 [million]? I don't know. Get who you f***ing want. Do you want me buying the players? Does that not ring a bell?"