Emmerdale actress Sally Dexter, 62, has spoken out about the difficulties she has faced while playing out Faith Dingle’s breast cancer battle. Sally, who has starred in the ITV soap intermittently since 2017, confessed in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press that she is finding the storyline “tough” to play. When asked whether she is finding Faith’s cancer a struggle, the Olivier Award winner admitted: “Yes [I am}.“At first, I thought it was a great way to go with this character because it can go in all sorts of directions, and Faith is a character that can go just about in any direction.  “Then I suddenly realised, when I started reading up about the treatment and about how people cope with the reality of it, it suddenly dawned on me that this is a serious gig.“It is real and happening to people, so you can’t just take it lightly.” READ MORE:Deborah James answers critics after ‘uncalled for’ Meghan Markle jibe Sally also says that there have been some “hugely” emotional moments on the Emmerdale set as the storyline has played out.Thankfully, Sally has a pillar of support in the shape of her fellow actors and the crew.She went on: “One of the great things about the crew and the other actors is how supportive they are.   “I felt very cocooned, very held, so it has been a great experience in that way. “But also, you don’t forget for a moment that you are doing something that is real and happening to people.   “That is how we play it.”Emmerdale fans have seen Faith diagnosed with incurable breast cancer in recent episodes.As it stands, Faith’s children Chas (Lucy Pargeter) and Cain (Jeff Hordley), have been kept in the dark about her devastating illness. DON'T MISSGeri Halliwell sparks concern for 'weird' appearance at Platinum Party[LATEST]James Whale throws Lizzie Cundy off TalkTV for blasting Meghan Markle[NEWS]Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family[INSIGHT] However, it is only a matter of time before the truth comes to light.Despite her character’s hesitance to let her children in, Sally says she hopes Faith can repair her relationship with them.She proclaimed: “It would be dreadful if [they] didn’t.“We would be left on a minor chord. The end of the song wouldn’t be finished. “It would be terrible. I couldn’t bear that.  “In fact, I would refuse to leave until it was resolved!”Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.