Even though a person may be retired and have been receiving their pension for years, it is not necessarily the end of challenges. This is because everyone is still subject to a pension Lifetime Allowance test once they reach a certain age.   The age of 75 is a golden year for pension savers, as it can be pivotal. It is at this point pensioners will reach the cut off point for the Lifetime Allowance. The Lifetime Allowance limits the amount a person can hold in pensions throughout their lifetime without facing a hefty tax charge. Exceeding it means the penalty will apply, and thus Britons may wish to be extra careful to hold onto their savings. READ MORE: Pensioner, 80, loses £33,000 to conman’s scam tactics - ‘let down’ Although there is no limit on how much a person can build up in their pension, checks are undertaken to see whether individuals exceed the LTA. For example, if a person reaches their 75th birthday and has a pension in drawdown or that they haven’t touched, then the check will come into place. When a person takes a pension from one of their schemes, its value is then compared against their remaining Lifetime Allowance. This helps to determine whether there is any extra tax to pay. DON'T MISSBritons set to have mortgage debt by 65 - 'dream is over' [INSIGHT]Pensioners ‘at risk’ of cold homes as energy costs soar [UPDATE]How you could become an asset ‘millionaire’ using your ISA [EXCLUSIVE] Britons will be able to work out whether they are likely to be affected by adding up the expected value of their pensions. When reaching the age of 75, any untouched pensions will be tested against their available LTA. The organisation abrdn has said if there is an insufficient Lifetime Allowance, then a charge of 25 percent will be levied on the excess. It is worth noting the heftier 55 percent tax charge does not apply at age 75. Funds which are held in drawdown also have a second test when a person reaches 75. The value of funds at this point are compared with the original amount which went into drawdown. This is after the payment of any tax-free cash has been made to the individual concerned. If the value of the pot at age 75 is higher, then the difference between the two figures is what is taken into account for the test against the available Lifetime Allowance. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea An exception to the rule is drawdown funds established before April 6, 2006 - the date the Lifetime Allowance was first introduced. The Government-backed website MoneyHelper has issued a warning regarding the tests. It states: “Be aware, though, that what matters is the value of your pensions at the point the checks are done. “So you might need to take into account how the value of your pensions might change between now and the time you expect a check to be done. “For example, if you’re 55 now, but don’t expect to begin taking any money out until you’re 60, you need to consider if the value of your pensions might increase between now and then. “If it does, this will use up more of the Lifetime Allowance available to you.”