Princess Diana and Prince Charles divorced in 1996 after 15 years of marriage. The Princess of Wales’ fashion choices during that year showed her freedom from royal constraints, according to a style expert. Eloise Moran, the author of the new book ‘The Lady Di Look Book: What Diana Was Trying to Tell Us Through Her Clothes’ appeared on Lorraine this morning.  She spoke about the hidden meanings behind several of Princess Diana’s most iconic looks. One of these looks was a purple Versace dress that Diana wore to a gala in Chicago in 1996. Lorraine said: “In 1996, there was this beautiful Versace dress, so this was when Diana could now wear high heels but also she didn’t have to stick to British brands anymore. “Could she wear wherever she like liked?” she asked the expert.  READ MORE: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes Eloise replied: “Totally! She definitely developed a more jet-set, international look and Versace was one of the key players in these amazing looks. “It was very streamlined, you can see she wasn’t afraid of showing off her body more. “She just looks so beautiful!” The expert added: “She was wearing high heels as she used to stick to quite low heels with Charles because they were the same height.”  Lorraine then quipped: “Ah, did she not want to tower over him?” Eloise commented: “No, I don’t think she wanted to hurt his ego!” the expert said whilst laughing. Gianni Versace became a close friend of Diana’s after she modelled an icy blue Atelier Versace gown on a 1991 magazine cover. His sister Donatella set to work making one for her.  In the years that followed, the Princess would wear several striking dresses synonymous with Versace’s glamour. All this coincided with Diana carving out her own charity-focused lifestyle away from Prince Charles and Kensington Palace. She began mixing in Gianni’s circles and socialising with celebrities such as Elton John and George Michael. The Princess now appeared to be dressing for herself, rather than sticking to the royal protocols she had followed since age 19 when she married Prince Charles.  Diana’s purple gown in 1996 seemed to capture these emotions. The Princess of Wales was in Chicago, arriving for a gala dinner at the Field Museum of Natural History. Diana wore a dress designed by fashion designer Versace and high-heeled matching purple shoes by Jimmy Choo. Still wearing her famous sapphire engagement ring though, the Princess wore sapphire earrings and a sapphire bracelet. Diana also wore a fabulous sparkly choker to complete the outfit. 