The US has warned that Russia still wants to take the whole of Ukraine despite failing to do so in the early stages of its war. President Vladimir Putin initially focused much of his military efforts on taking major cities such as the capital Kyiv and Kharkiv. But Ukraine's valiant fightback forced Russia to instead focus on the east, namely the Donbas and Luhansk regions, where many Russian separatists were already based. In March, Ukrainian soldiers were heard mocking their Russian counterparts for their incompetence on the battlefield in video footage posted online. The men described Moscow's troops as "f***ing stupid" and “goofs”. One Ukrainian said: he said: “We are very lucky that they (the Russian soldiers) are so f*****g stupid. “They're just goofs. Flying above us and shooting f**k knows where.” Another soldier added: “Every time we speak to our defenders, it becomes a tradition to hear about non-professionalism of the enemy. “It seems that unsuitability is now a main characteristic of the Russian army. “The enemy takes us by number, not even having the basic military skills.” Various reports have indicated that Russia's invasion has not gone to plan, and that the Kremlin did not expect to endure so many losses. Justin Bronk, research fellow at the UK’s Royal United Services Institute, told the Financial Times in March that the losses “are massively more than in any other recent conflict” Russia has been involved in. He added: “What we have seen on the ground is an extremely bad plan coupled with absolutely no warning to operational commanders they were about to throw their troops into operational combat which has created an enormous number of problems for them.” In two videos shared online earlier this month, reported by The Guardian, fighters from Russian-controlled east Ukraine complained about poor conditions and exhaustion. One said: “Our personnel have faced hunger and cold. “For a significant period, we were without any material, medical or food support.” READ MORE: Putin moves only rival Navalny to 'torture prison' in fresh clampdown Another added: “Given our continuous presence and the fact that amongst our personnel there are people with chronic medical issues, people with mental issues, many questions arise that are ignored by the higher-ups at headquarters.” A third Russian soldier told the publication: “I have been fighting in Ukraine since the start of the war, it has been over three months now. “It is exhausting, my whole unit wants a break, but our leadership said they can’t replace us right now.” While Russia has not given regular updates on its losses, Ukrainian Armed Forces recently claimed that, as of May 31, 30,500 Russian soldiers had been killed. Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelenskiy, has admitted today, however, that his troops are suffering "painful" losses" in Sievierodonetsk. He also repeated his call for the west to step up the provision of heavy weapons to Ukraine. DON'T MISSPutin sends Lithuania into panic mode [INSIGHT]Putin mouthpiece in staggering nuclear threat admission  [ANALYSIS]Putin’s Sweden threat: Nuclear war and Russian lands [INSIGHT] Mr Zelensky added: “No matter how hard Ukraine tries, no matter how professional our army is, without the help of western partners we will not be able to win this war”. “Our country does not have enough of them … there can be no justification in delays in providing them.” The UK's relations with Russia have also continued to deteriorate today after a man was arrested at Gatwick airport by counter-terror police on suspicion of spying for Putin. A Scotland Yard spokesman said: “We can confirm that officers from the Met’s Counter Terrorism Command arrested a man in his 40s at Gatwick Airport on Monday June 13 on suspicion of offences under Section One of the Official Secrets Act 1911. “He has been taken to a London police station, where he currently remains in police custody. Inquiries continue.”