A motorist on his way to Limoges in France had a nasty surprise before he was able to relax on the French beaches. David Wright, 72, was forced to pay £229 to park his car at Leeds Bradford Airport long-stay parking, despite already paying £85.57 to Ryanair while booking the flight. The airport staff claimed that they did not deal with any Ryanair bookings. They were, therefore, unable to help as the parking space was booked via the airline. Mr Wright said: "When we arrived at the airport, we went to the Meet & Greet Desk in the terminal and was told that they do not deal with Ryanair bookings. "We searched for the service at Leeds Bradford Airport on my phone, and found a webpage saying that its service was not available. READ MORE: Hybrid cars are a much better choice than EVs “We were not the only passengers in the situation, but by that time, we had no choice but to use the on-site parking or risk missing our flight. “I'd already paid Ryanair for parking at the same time as my flight and ended up having to pay more on the day to park at the airport. "We travel to Limoges about six times a year using either Manchester or Leeds Bradford Airport, as we have had a holiday home in France for about 15 years. “At Leeds we usually book a long-stay car park and we use meet and greet at Manchester successfully so we thought we would try the meet and greet offered by Ryanair, not realising that it was not the service offered by the airport itself, but another provider called Looking4Parking," Mr Wright told Chronicle Live. DON'T MISS Urgent warning issued to drivers as thieves target road signs [WARNING] Men in their 60s ‘most likely’ to drink and drive [REVEAL] Woman has neighbour's cars towed away [INSIGHT] When the 72-year-old and his wife returned to their home near Durham, they desperately set about looking into the issue and trying to get their cash back. It turned out that it was Looking4Parking that provided a separate meet and greet service to the airport, a system the couple were unfamiliar with as they usually fly from Manchester Airport. Mr Wright said: "As we booked the flight and parking together with Ryanair, we assumed it would be a relatively simple matter to get a refund from Ryanair. "But we were wrong and it proved to be quite difficult. “I contacted both Ryanair and Looking4Parking but it took a while to get a response from either company." Mr Wright is yet to receive his money back. A spokesperson from Leeds Bradford Airport said it is aware of the issue with Ryanair booked parking, but was not affiliated with it. They added: "Leeds Bradford Airport does not offer a parking service that entails dropping off a vehicle at the one-hour free parking zone and any company that is not affiliated with the airport." A Ryanair spokesperson said: “This customer made a booking with Looking4parking for meet and greet car parking at Leeds Bradford Airport, however due to a minor temporary IT issue, his reservation was not processed. “We apologise to this customer for this processing issue with Looking4Parking which has since been rectified, and a member of our customer services team has contacted him directly to arrange a refund.” The airline said that when it receives the Leeds Bradford Airport receipt, it would reimburse David his £229 fee for the long-stay parking. Express.co.uk has contacted Looking4Parking for a comment.