Other experiences include walking round the picturesque village of Portmeirion, Wales, and visiting Devon and Dorset’s stunning Jurassic Coast to discover prehistoric fossils. The list for travellers to vote on was compiled by a group of travel experts – including Cassam Looch, from Culture Trip, Pat Riddell, editor of National Geographic Traveller (UK), Darren Burn, founder of OutOfOffice.com and TravelGay.com, wellness travel coach Dr Noreen Nguru, and travel journalist Lisa Francesca Nand. The research, into 2,000 adults aged 18-40, was commissioned by NatWest to mark the launch of its Buy Now Pay Later product service – and found 84 percent have many places they are “yet to explore” in the UK. But over half (56 percent) are keen to rectify this before they reach the big 4-O. Travel expert Lisa Francesca Nand said: “A life well lived is a life filled with experiences. “Now more than ever, we’re all looking to invest in moments to create brilliant memories, either solo or with friends and family, and travel is a key part of that – whether it’s getting back to nature, seeing amazing architecture, learning about new culture and history, or just going on a fantastic road trip.” The key motivation for wanting to travel the UK was that they simply enjoy being outdoors (40 percent). A quarter of Brits want to explore destinations to tick them off their bucket list, while one in five (22 percent) are keen on learning something new from their adventures. But finances are a top barrier for making travel dreams a reality – with a third (34 percent) of adults saying cost is the key issue when choosing their travel experiences. Others blame a lack of transport (26 percent), inconsistent weather (20 percent), and being too busy (18 percent). As a result, a quarter often end up travelling abroad as it is more affordable, with 29 percent believing it is more relaxing to leave the UK. Despite the popularity of going abroad, 49 percent will still consider booking a trip at home while saving money – with 53 percent considering a staycation as good value. It also emerged 53 percent of those polled, via OnePoll, feel they have missed out on travel experiences due to financial problems. Martin Wise, managing director at NatWest Buy Now, Pay Later, said: “We understand our customers are keen to make the most of this summer and we hope this list, along with the Buy Now, Pay Later service, can provide some inspiration – as well as help to spread the cost of a great summer experience. “The research shows many of us have yet to see what the UK truly has to offer, with finances being a key factor in how often they book a trip away and how far they are willing to travel.” TOP 40 TRAVEL EXPERIENCES IN THE UK TO DO BEFORE THE AGE OF 40: