Fiz (played by Jennie McAlpine) has been counting down the days to tying the knot with her fiancé Phill Whittaker (Jamie McKenna). However, the ITV soap stalwart is set to face a major dilemma when Phill's interfering mother returns to Coronation Street. Will Fiz decide to call off the wedding if tension continues to mount? Coronation Street fans were introduced to Phill's pushy mother Beryl 'Mimi' Halliday (Margot Leicester) at the end of last year. ITV soap spoilers have revealed the character is returning to the soap for an explosive new storyline. Fiz has never been keen on her future mother-in-law who is extremely judgemental of her. She's left Fiz visibly annoyed on multiple occasions in the past, such as when she insisted her daughter Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) had to wear horrendous dresses for Phill's birthday party.  READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes'  Mimi's return to the cobbles is not the only problem Fiz will be faced with ahead of her wedding day. In upcoming scenes, Phill admits the crack in the lounge ceiling is far worse than he initially thought. He later breaks the news to Fiz their entire house needs rewiring as it is a death trap. When her ex Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) suggests Fiz and the girls move into his home while the work is carried out, Phill reckons it is the right decision.   The following day, Phill reveals his mother is able to attend their wedding after all. She is keen to be involved in the preparations for the big day, but Fiz is not impressed by the thought. With her house in desperate need of repair and the stress of the wedding getting to her, she puts her foot down and tells Phill his mother cannot interfere. She tells him Mimi can come to their wedding, but makes it clear that is where it ends. DON'T MISS...Ken Morley: Star recalls the first sign of prostate cancer [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Summer Spellman to exit as she flees cobbles [SPOILER]Coronation Street theory: Brian and Cathy torn apart after rejection [THEORY] However, will a difficult Mimi listen to Phill and Fiz's request? Will she insist she wants to get involved with the wedding preparations and drive a wedge between the couple? With emotions already running high, will Fiz decide to call of the wedding altogether if Mimi does not take a step back? If the family feud continues to escalate, Fiz might turn to Tyrone for advice on whether she should even stay in a relationship with Phill.   Fiz and Tyrone were together for many years and viewers were understandably left devastated when they split up following his affair with Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu). Earlier this year, producer Iain MacLeod teased: "I think I know what Fiz's happy ending looks like, but it's going to be a long, brilliant and complicated story for both of them. "Once you've been hurt and humiliated like Fiz has, even if you find yourself wanting your ex back, is it that straightforward? Will pride, and your family, let you?" Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm.  