The study of 2,000 adults, who are currently or have previously rented, also found nearly half (48 percent) of renters can’t currently afford to put a deposit down. And over a third (34 percent) blame the rising cost-of-living as the reason it’s become even more difficult to secure their own home. Another one in ten (11 percent) find it easier to rent in the area they want to live in – but can't afford to buy there. It also emerged two-thirds (67 percent) of renters have been cutting their spending due to the rising cost of living, while 52 percent have been eating out less. Others have been going on fewer holidays, cycling more to destinations, or selling personal belongings they no longer need. The study, commissioned by NatWest’s bill-splitting app, “Housemate”, also found 16 percent of renters find it stressful living with other people. And 17 percent have experienced living with “difficult” housemates – with a quarter even having to ask their landlord to intervene. Leaving dirty dishes lying around tops the list of irritating housemate habits, followed by not doing the cleaning, and having to be chased for their share of household bills. As a result, the key qualities renters look for in a housemate are cleanliness (61 percent), respectfulness (58 percent), and responsibility (52 percent). However, it’s not just incompatible housemates that mean renters aspire to get on the property ladder – as seven in ten want to someday have a place they can call “home”. Of those wanting to buy, over half (54 percent) feel it will be financially better in the long run, and 31 percent would simply like more space, according to the study via OnePoll. A spokesman for NatWest said: “Renting with housemates can be a complicated business, but splitting bills shouldn’t be part of the problem. “With today’s renters potentially being tenants for longer than ever before, we want to help. “Housemate is our free app that makes it easier to stay on top of shared household expenses, and take the first steps towards owning your own home.” TOP 20 HOUSEMATE GRIPES WHILE RENTING: