Peter (played by Chris Gascoyne) cannot let go of the fact evil surgeon Mr Thorne (Dominic Mafham) rushed his all-important liver transplant in order to win a bet. In upcoming Coronation Street scenes, the surgeon is set to offer Peter a life-changing sum of money for his silence. However, will a vengeful Peter turn down his offer and make Mr Thorne pay for his actions? ITV soap spoilers have revealed the villainous surgeon continues to try and get himself out of trouble by offering Peter £100,000. Coronation Street fans will recall how nurse Aggie Bailey (Lorna Laidlaw) was the first resident on the cobbles who was suspicious of Mr Throne. She discovered he had a dark side when she overheard him bragging about how he rushed through Peter's transplant purely to win a bet. When Peter found out, he was understandably furious and has been unable to think about anything else ever since. READ MORE: Monty Don stuns fans as he announces change to Gardeners' World Mr Thorne is desperate for Peter to drop his vendetta and will use his wealth to get out of the difficult situation which could cost him his career. When Peter tells his wife Carla Connor (Alison King) that he's been offered £100,000 by the surgeon, she urges him to think carefully about rejecting the money. Simon Barlow (Simon O'Brien) also tells his dad the money could change their family's lives forever. Peter decides to visit nurse Tricia Womack (Andrea Davey) at the hospital as he is struggling to make a decision and needs some advice.  When she reveals she has no new evidence to give, Peter considers accepting the bribe even more carefully. Peter has to wait for the outcome of the GMC verdict and his wife urges him to stop focusing on Mr Thorne. However, a tense exchange between Mr Thorn and Peter looks set to cause the beloved character even more problems when he attacks the surgeon after losing his temper. But how far will a vengeful Peter go with his attack? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Evelyn Plummer kills Phill Whittaker mother [LATEST]Coronation Street's Claudia Colby star addresses Ken Barlow's future  [THEORY]Helen Worth age: How old is Coronation Street's Gail Platt? [EXPLAINER] He's been extremely angry for weeks and might seriously injure Mr Thorne. Could Peter's rage cause the surgeon to be rushed to the hospital? If the surgeon is hospitalised and needs surgery for his injuries, will Peter try and convince another surgeon to rush the operation for a bet to get his revenge? It would be an extremely risky move, especially as Peter could be reported to the police not only for attacking Mr Thorne but for bribing medical staff too. 