In heartbreaking scenes the pet has been spotted standing each day outside Santa Casa de Novo Horizonte hospital in Sao Paulo Brazil. His homeless owner was taken by ambulance to the emergency room after being stabbed, but the poor pooch was left behind as the paramedics would not allow animals in the ambulance.  The dog then chased after the vehicle for several miles and waited outside the hospital doors in the hope that his owner would soon recover and walk back through. Witness Cristine Sardella, who spotted the dog outside the hospital waiting for his owner was heartbroken when she found out about the story from hospital staff and paramedics. She shared the story on her Facebook and said: "We have so much to learn from animals. "This dog stays every day at the door of the holy hospital waiting for its owner who has unfortunately passed away.  "I know it's fed by some people. His waiting is in vain, but the love he nurtured for his owner is eternal. "I also observe the respect that the staff of the holy hospital have for him. And so, life goes on, animals teaching humans true love." But the story has a happy ending after a Brazilian animal charity discovered her plight on Facebook and provided shelter and food. The dog was soon adopted by a local family in Sao Paulo. READMORE: ' Nervy' breed of dog will be next added to banned list, says expert  A Facebook user added: "Dogs are like people and have a tremendous bond to the ones they love. "He doesn't understand - he thinks his owner is still inside. "I know it's against hospital policies but they should bring the dog through the hospital to where his owner passed. "He will smell that he is no longer there and he will be able to grieve and move on."  DON'T MISS:F1 news LIVE: Horner's Hamilton dig, Norris defends Lewis [ SPORT]Daniel Dubois has three next fight options after stopping Trevor Bryan [BOXING]Azerbaijan GP qualifying result: Leclerc pole, Hamilton investigated [ FORMULA 1] There have been other stories of dogs waiting outside hospital doors for their owners to return safely. In one similar story in northeastern Turkey, a dog waited by the entrance for six days until his owner was discharged. His owner, named Cemal Senturk, was taken by ambulance to Medical Park in Trabzon, Turkey, only for his dog to escape from their apartment and follow the ambulances. Ecran who is a friend of Mr Senturks said: "His dog 'Boncuk' has followed him to the hospital gate and refused to leave for six days until her owner was discharged''. 