Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is a "control freak", according to Ajax star Daley Blind. But the former United defender has backed his old boss to be a success at Old Trafford. Ten Hag was appointed permanent Red Devils manager in April and took over from interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. His first task is to add and remove players from his squad in the summer transfer window. Blind was signed by Ten Hag during his five-year spell in charge at Ajax, so the versatile defender knows his Dutch compatriot well. He believes he will bring an improved mentality to United, as well as a more attacking style of play. Blind says Ten Hag knows exactly what he wants as a manager and has to have control over everything. He said: "Everyone needs to point in the same direction. READ MORE: Man Utd 'to hold meeting with Nunez's agent' in effort to hijack Liverpool deal  "He's aware of that and wants to keep everything close. He's also a control freak and wants to be on top of everything. "I think that's a special quality you need to have when being that good. I think he's a manager who knows what he wants. "He knows exactly how he wants to bring it over to the team and express that and keep everyone on board, everyone in the same direction to get that winning mentality and winning trophies. I think, also in Ajax, he knows everyone at the club is important. "Everyone needs to be involved to get that winning feeling, that winning mentality. He's a manager who loves to play attacking football, what Manchester United stands for.” DON'T MISSTransfer news LIVE: Man Utd hijack Nunez to Liverpool, Chelsea want Sterling [BLOG]Arteta makes Saliba stance clear as hint given over Arsenal role [REPORT]Leeds summer spending to reach £43.5m as Orta 'accelerates' third signing [TRANSFERS]  United have not won silverware since winning the Europa League under Jose Mourinho in 2017. Blind doesn't want to put a date on when Ten Hag will end that barren run but believes he has what it takes to have success at some point. "It's difficult to say," Blind added. "I won't burn my hands on that but, I think the most important thing is that the team puts out a playing style and people can see that back on the pitch. "I think, if that's going to happen, then winning will become easier. From winning, you win trophies. When will this happen? I don't know. "I know this manager has the quality and I hope he gets the time to put everything his way and makes sure the team plays how he wants. I am confident he will be successful."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here