Paul Embery, political commentator and trade unionist, told GB News today Mr Johnson is a "dead man walking" after "so graphically and openly" losing the support of 41 percent of his MPs. Mr Embery said the PM is now "seriously hobbled" by recent events and his hopes of being the party leader come the next election are "almost nonexistent". However, he added Mr Johnson, due to "his sense of entitlement that he’s got a God-given right to rule", will only be removed from Downing Street "kicking and screaming".    Mr Embery said: "I think, in truth, Boris Johnson is probably a dead man walking. "I don’t see how any Prime Minister can lose the support so graphically, so openly, of 41 percent of his MPs, and not be seriously hobbled. "I think the chances of his fight in the next election as leader of the Tory party are almost nonexistent. "And I suspect, really, that it’s just a matter of time. I think the problem for Boris Johnson is he’s got some sense of entitlement that he’s got this God-given right to rule.    "He would probably be dragged out of Downing Street kicking and screaming, to be honest. "So I suspect that he has got a little bit of a bunker mentality where he’s thinking ‘I’m not going anywhere. I’ve won the vote and therefore that should be the end of it’. "But the truth is, it’s not going to be the end of it. When you’ve got a sizable minority of your MPs against you, I suspect it’s just a matter of time." Mr Embery’s comments reflected on the PM’s victorious but nonetheless ominous no confidence vote held on Monday, in which 41 percent of Tory MPs stated via votes they had no faith in Mr Johnson anymore. READ MORE: Boris on 'probation' - what could happen if PM 'fails' to improve [INSIGHT]   Lord Ian Duncan, who served in various ministerial posts under Theresa May and Boris Johnson after he entered the House of Lords in 2017, said today the Prime Minister was in “troubled waters” and faced a difficult “probation” period as PM. He said: "He's got a task ahead of him right now, he is on probation. If he fails that probation, the Tory party will do what it always does with leaders who are not delivering - they will remove him." When asked if the Prime Minister was a "lame duck" as a result of Monday's vote, the former MEP said: "He probably is in troubled waters." He added: "If you can make people, almost, forget what has happened over the last few months, then he has a slim chance of carrying on, but I would have thought that would be very slim." DON'T MISS: Brexit trade war 'very possible' as angry EU ready to retaliate [REVEAL] Boris to go on offensive and face down EU as Red Wall pressure builds [REPORT] Tax cuts and energy bills! Boris urged to make changes to save his job [REVEAL]   "Over the past 20 years, when a leader has not been able to do what they were meant to do, the Tory Party don't stab them in the back - they stab them in the face. If they're not delivering - they are removed." It comes as Mr Johnson introduced a new food strategy for England that he said will "back farmers". Ministers are aiming to strengthen the resilience of the nation's supply chains and increase domestic production, so "we will grow and eat more of our own food", to help guard against future economic shocks and crises. The Prime Minister said it sets out how the Government will support farmers, boost British industry and safeguard food security.   