Families could be eligible for an energy bill discount worth £400 or a one-off payment of £650 if they are in receipt of means-tested benefits, such as Universal Credit. These support payments, which will be administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), have been created as the cost of living continues to put pressure on everyday people across the nation. Later in the year, inflation is expected to reach 10 percent while energy bills are forecast to reach £2,800 by October. In light of the country’s financial woes, Mr Sunak has promised there will be £15billion worth of support to combat the cost of living crisis to pull people out of poverty. As part of this pledge, the Chancellor confirmed there will be a windfall tax imposed on gas and oil companies to pay for the cost of living support package. It is estimated that this move will raise £5billion in financial aid which will be used to pay for the Government’s one-off £650 payment. From future benefit payments to energy discounts, here is a breakdown of all the upcoming cost of living support schemes and decisions which have been made by the Government. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum The threshold for how much someone can earn before having to pay National Insurance is set to rise from £9,880 to £12,570 a year on July 6, 2022. This move will remove some of the UK’s lowest earners from having to pay the levy and save those who will still pay £330 annually. Recently, the Government raised National Insurance from 12 percent to 13.5 percent in April which placed further pressure on families already dealing with the increase in the cost of living. Taking the tax and its threshold increase into account, those earning below £37,000 are set to be financially better off than they were in April.  An estimated eight million Britons who are in receipt of means-tested benefit payments are set to be eligible for an extra £650. This payment will be a one-off and split into two instalments of £325 to those who get Universal Credit, Tax Credits, pension credit and legacy benefits. While a date for this cost of living support has yet to be set, the first payment will arrive in a claimant’s bank or building society account “from” July, according to the Government. To be eligible, recipients must have started their claim for one of the qualifying benefit payments by May 25, 2022 to get the first amount of the £650. Some six million disabled Britons will be able to get £150 paid into their accounts if they are in receipt of certain qualifying benefits. To get this support, claimants must have begun getting their qualifying benefits from May 25. These support payments include Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment, Attendance Allowance, Scottish Disability Benefits, Armed Forces Independence Payment, Constant Attendance Allowance, and War Pension Mobility Supplement. On top of this, pensioners who receive the Winter Fuel Payment will get an extra £300 in November or December to mitigate the impact of rising energy bills. Recently, the DWP has received criticism for benefit payments and the state pension only being increased by 3.1 percent in line with last year’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation. However, with the promise the triple lock on state pensions will return, older Britons could be in line for a sharp increase to their state pension next April. Every household in the UK is set to get a £400 discount off their energy bills from October. Unlike the previously announced energy bill rebate, this will be a non-repayable grant. However, families will not get the £400 sent to their bank or building society account all at once. The Government has confirmed it will be delivered within the span of six months from October 2022 to March 2023.