Pauline Quirke, 62, has previously revealed she would love to visit Buckingham Palace - but would totally switch off if the conversation turned to politics. The Birds of  Feather star said she was more interested in how Queen Elizabeth interacted with her late husband Prince Philip - and what their marital bed was like. Pauline had been asked back in 2012 what she would do if she was invisible for the day. “It would be interesting to go to Buckingham Palace,” she said. “I’d just like to see what goes on – I’m not bothered about hearing any political chat. “The Queen would probably be like, ‘Oh Phil, go get us a cup of tea,’ and he’d be like, ‘Get it yourself, Liz’. You never know, do you? READ MORE: Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule “I’m fascinated. I’d just want to see what bed linen they have and how clean their house is,” she added to The Mirror. Pauline also revealed she has met one of the royals - but that she was “petrified”. The star explained how she and her former Birds of  Feather co-star Linda Robson, who regularly appears as a panellist on Loose Women, shook hands with Prince Charles. They had just performed in the Royal Variety Show, and Pauline labelled the moment “pretty showbiz”. She added that there was a “big party” afterwards, but the two actresses got into “such a state” they had to go straight home. Linda has recently been forced to quash rumours she fell out with Pauline, after the latter didn’t take part in the 2019 reunion of the show for its 30th anniversary. "It’s a load of old sh** that we had a fallout," Linda said on Loose Women. “We have not fallen out and we have never fallen out." DON'T MISS...Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikinMel Gibson, 66, unrecognisable as he is spotted in GlasgowTom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame She added to The Mirror: “I have been best friends with her since we were 10 years of age. We never fell out.” Last year, Linda said it was Pauline's "choice" not to appear in the one-off Bird of a Feather episode in 2020 and that the cast had "to respect" her decision. She also told The Sun on Sunday: “Take no notice of what you’ve heard about me and Pauline falling out. It’s a load of old codswallop. “Pauline just chose not to do Birds Of A Feather. She wants to concentrate on her acting academy, that’s that.” Pauline's character Sharon Theodopolopodous was written out of the episode as being "stuck on a Covid cruise". It was later announced that the long-running sitcom had been axed despite attracting an audience of 7.9 million for the Christmas special. ITV decided against ordering more episodes after Pauline decided not to take part in the special.