Chelsea are utilising Liverpool's summer transfer dealings to guide their approach ahead of entering talks with Manchester City over an audacious move for winger Raheem Sterling. The Blues want to recruit Sterling if Romelu Lukaku completes an early exit, but various factors suggest Man City will demand a hefty fee. According to Sky Sports, Chelsea have made the 27-year-old one of their primary summer targets as he enters the final year of his Man City contract. After only starting 23 Premier League games last season, he has 'respectfully' requested time to assess his future at the Etihad Stadium. Sterling believes he hasn't yet reached his peak but can only elevate his game further with regular minutes and an important role in big games. And Chelsea are expected to open formal discussions over a potential transfer once Lukaku returns to Inter Milan on loan. Talks are ongoing with the Serie A giants, with Chelsea asking for an £8.6m (€10m) loan fee and his wages to be covered. So far, Inter have increased their offer from £4.3m (€5m) to £6m (€7m) plus add-ons and will be confident of soon completing a deal. JUST IN: Man Utd and Tottenham set for Torres transfer battle Barcelona and Real Madrid join Chelsea in observing Sterling's situation, while Bayern Munich also viewed him as an alternative to Sadio Mane. But with Bayern closing in on a £31.5m move for Mane, Chelsea are using the Senegalese winger's fee as an example as they prepare to launch an initial bid. The Blues will look to use Mane's valuation to try and knock Man City's asking price for Sterling down, with the Premier League champions understood to want upwards of £50m. However, that may prove difficult, considering Sterling is three years younger and would be joining a direct Premier League rival. READ MORE: Leeds have 4 options to spend Raphinha money with Arsenal deal 'close' Guardiola has publicly admitted that if one of his players wants to leave the Etihad, they will be allowed to do so if a suitable offer arrives. Following Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez's summer arrivals, and with £100m man Jack Grealish likely to have a bigger role next season, Sterling could feel the time is right for a new challenge. Chelsea are also vying to sign Ousmane Dembele on a free transfer once his Barcelona contract expires on July 1. If Tuchel added the Frenchman and Sterling to his squad, another forward after Lukaku would potentially look to leave an overcrowded attacking department at Stamford Bridge. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here