McDonald’s will launch a special menu for summer, offering a range of new items to customers across the UK. The fast-food giant will introduce the first half of the menu this month, known as the “Taste of Italy”, with the Spain and Cyprus-inspired items expected to be added later in July. Here’s the exact date you can get your hands on the new halloumi fries near you, and all the other items that will be added to the famous McDonald’s menu. Halloumi fries will appear on McDonald’s menu for the first time ever this summer. The crispy, deep-fried cheese sticks are part of a limited menu takeover inspired by flavours from Spain and Cyprus. As part of the second wave of McDonald’s new summer menu, the halloumi fries will not be available to buy until July 27, once the “Taste of Italy” items have been removed. READ MORE: Mcdonald’s new Mediterranean menu - full list of products The halloumi sticks will replace McDonald’s famous skinny fries which are usually served as part of a meal. Each portion of the new halloumi fries contains four cheese sticks coated in a light batter, served with a rich tomato dip to dunk them into. These can be purchased alone as a four or nine piece extra, or alongside the limited edition Spicy Spanish Stack or Chicken Fiesta burger, as well as the new Spanish Fruit Punch drink. The Spicy Spanish Stack will consist of two beef patties on a paprika bun, topped with red onion, crunchy lettuce, chilli cheddar and a spicy tomato sauce. If you’re not a fan of beef patties, the Chicken Fiesta will use exactly the same garnishes, though it will swap the beef for a crispy chicken fillet. The citrus and berry flavoured punch is the perfect drink to wash the spicy items down with, and will all be available at the same time. McDonald’s has confirmed that “The Taste of Spain and Cyprus” menu will be on offer from Wednesday, July 27 until Tuesday, September 6. DON'T MISS:McDonald's gets into Jubilee celebratory spirit [LATEST]Vegan activists storm McDonald's to stage sit-in protest [INSIGHT]I worked at McDonalds and discovered the truth about the 'secret menu' [REVEAL] The first items to land on the menu this month will consist of two Italian-inspired burgers and a new McFlurry flavour. Customers will be able to enjoy the Italian Stack, Crispy Chicken Italiano and exclusive McFlurry Tiramisu from Wednesday, June 8 to Tuesday, July 26. The Italian Stack burger consists of two beef patties, mozzarella cheese, crispy onions, crunchy lettuce, tomato sauce, toasted tomato and a cheesy sauce on a warm herb bun. The Crispy Chicken Italiano burger is packed with a crispy chicken fillet covered in basil pesto, mozzarella, tomato, red onion and crunchy lettuce on a ciabatta-style bun. To make room for the new products on the extensive menu, McDonald’s will be dropping a few of its existing burgers and sweet treats. It’s bad news for lovers of the Grand Big Mac, McSpicy Chicken Burger and Flake McFlurry, as all of these will be discontinued from June 8. There is a chance that the popular products will return at a later date, though there is no confirmation of this happening as of yet. Here’s the list of new summer items in full: