Prince William, 39, met with the England women’s team today, ahead of the Women's Euro 2022. The Duke of Cambridge was given football shirts by the squad for Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis. The future King looked great as he posed with the team holding up the white tops printed with their first names.  In a thoughtful touch, the shirts also had the three children's ages as the numbers. William dressed in a smart casual manner in a blue shirt with the top button undone, a navy blazer and brown suede shoes for the engagement today. At one point he showed off his own football skills and also chatted to the players. Prince William boasted about his daughter’s talent in the sport to the professional sportswomen. READ MORE: Prince Charles gets 'kiss on the lips from Zara' - 'strong bonds' He told the women’s team: “Charlotte wants me to tell you she’s really good in goal. “She said ‘please tell them that’, I said ‘Ok, I’ll tell them’,” the Duke joked. He added: “A budding star for the future!” Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse William’s parenting skills, and how these differ from his younger brother Prince Harry.  Ms James said: “William’s body language as he talks about his daughter is bashful, self-effacing, playful and, of course, besotted. “He keeps his head down and raises one hand as though allowing or acknowledging a sense of dominance from Charlotte, which is of course a joke, but hints at her growing confidence that we saw at the Jubilee celebrations. “There, she was busy correcting her brothers and even checking out Camilla’s handbag. “William is clearly allowing for the fact that his daughter is growing up and learning to be assertive and we can see the pride on his face along with the more playful expression.  “It’s a similar part-joking, part-loving tone he takes when he tells people Kate will be ‘getting broody’ etc.” Is William’s parenting style different or similar to that of Prince Harry? Judi explained: “William and Harry share this trait of ongoing, very open affection for their children which, although it is common among all dads, might be more unusual with royals who often prefer to be more private about their emotions as parents. “This seems to have been taken from Diana’s example of parenting.  “Harry clearly idolises his two children, referring to them at every opportunity, often in formal ways too, citing Archie as inspiration for some of his causes and campaigns during some of his speeches. “Both brothers seem to have been transformed in some ways by their roles as fathers, keen to discuss the legacy they will be leaving their children,” the expert noted. Following today’s engagement, a tweet from Prince William’s Kensington Palace account said: "This squad is already inspiring the next generation of women and girls to play football, reaping the mental and physical benefits of activity. "With an exciting summer of football ahead, the whole nation will be cheering you on!" 