Big changes are coming into effect over the next few weeks which will affect how much Universal Credit people receive. There will also be tougher measures for people looking for work which could result in their payments being stopped. Millions of Britons depend on Universal Credit because they are looking for work or on a low income. However a recent Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) change means the length of time people have to accept a job offer has been reduced. Previously, benefits claimants could spend three months trying to get a role they have experience doing, yet that has now been reduced to just four weeks. After this, claimants are expected to accept alternative offers of employment or risk having their payments stopped. READ MORE: Millions of carers will miss out on £650 Cost of living payment However, it’s not all bad news and claimants can expect a pay rise in July because the National Insurance threshold is rising. The threshold that workers start to pay National Insurance will rise from £9,500 a year to £12,500 from July. If you're in work and getting Universal Credit, this change could mean claimants get more money. Meanwhile, eight million people on Universal Credit and legacy benefits like Tax Credits can expect their first Cost of Living payment in July. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]Santander ups interest rates on mortgages and savings [UPDATE]Premium Bonds: Agent Million on what happens when NS&I savers win [INSGIHT] From July 14, people should start receiving £326 to help them pay soaring energy bills. Around 2.6 million people who are still on tax credits will be moved over to Universal Credit over the next few months which could affect their payments. People can wait until the DWP contacts them or they can report a change of circumstances and move over sooner. However, people might not be better off on Universal Credit. Another big change is that people who have been diagnosed with a terminal illness will be fast-tracked for benefits if they have less than 12 months to live. The new 12 month rule (increased from six months) has already been introduced for people claiming Universal Credit and Employment and Support Allowance (ESA). In the next few months it will be extended to Personal Independence Payment, Disability Living Allowance and Attendance Allowance. It should make it easier for people who are ill to receive benefits faster. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Hundreds of thousands of Britons still rely on a Post Office account to retrieve their benefits but the DWP will stop paying money into these accounts from November. HMRC has stopped payments to Post Office accounts already for child benefit and tax credits. Anyone who gets Universal Credit or other benefits paid into a Post Office account needs to choose a new account to have their money paid into before November. Failure to do so could mean they lose out on benefits - more information can be found at Gov.uk