Rafael Nadal has opened up about his 'difficult' last three-and-a-half months as fans still nervously hope he will be fit to play at Wimbledon. Nadal has enjoyed a successful 2022 season so far, lifting both Grand Slams available, but the intense schedule has taken its toll. The 36-year-old has a rare degenerative condition called Muller-Weiss syndrome, affecting the bones in the feet, which forced him out of action for five months last year. Related problems returned in Rome before the French Open, but with the help of painkilling injections before each match, he lifted a record-extending 14th title at Roland Garros. Nadal's condition has ushered in a cloud of uncertainty over his Wimbledon campaign and his hopes of continuing the quest for a Calendar Slam. He recently explained the injury battles he's been fighting for most of 2022 and the limitations that have come with them. He told Sky Sports: "It's an incredible story, difficult for me to explain, but that's the way things are, and I'm particularly happy. The last three and a half months have been difficult. There has been a lot of work behind it but also many limitations. Being able to go all the way to Roland Garros with a win is very exciting." JUST IN: Djokovic and Nadal sent Matteo Berrettini Wimbledon warning by Norrie Nadal hasn't featured at Wimbledon since 2019, when he reached the semi-finals, missing 2020 due to the Covid-19 cancellation and 2021 through injury. But last week, he stated his intention to play in SW19 this year before travelling to England to begin preparations. "My intention is to try to play at Wimbledon. On Monday, I travel to London and see how the training week goes. I will train there for a week and play an exhibition match in Hurlingham," Nadal wrote on Instagram before confirming the reports that he is going to be a father. READ MORE: Wimbledon plot major 'AI-powered' overhaul to improve fan experience Given Nadal's injury uncertainty and Daniil Medvedev's inclusion in Wimbledon's ban on Russian and Belarusian players, Novak Djokovic is the overwhelming favourite to lift his latest title this summer. If the Serbian world No 1 is successful, he would move just one Wimbledon title behind Roger Federer with seven. Nadal defeated Djokovic on his way to victory at the French Open, but even when fully fit, grass isn't his preferred surface, and he hasn't won at Wimbledon since 2010. Even with no ranking points on offer in this year's tournament, both players will be vying for glory to add another Slam to their collections. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here