With the UK continuing to send military aid to Ukraine as the country and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy fight off Putin’s Russian army, Good Morning Britain hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard heard from former F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone given his friendship with Putin. However, the ITV hosts and viewers alike were taken aback when Bernie defended the Russian President, claiming he’d “take a bullet for him” and that he never “intended” to start a war. And they’re comments which were condemned by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss who also appeared on the show. “I think those comments are extraordinary, absolutely extraordinary,” Truss said after being asked for her reaction to Bernie’s comments. She continued: “This is a man [Putin] who has perpetrated an appalling war involving the systematic rape of women, the targeting of civilians in shopping centres.” Seemingly struggling to comprehend Bernie’s stance, Truss stuttered: “I…I find those comments absolutely extraordinary by Bernie Ecclestone. “Clearly Vladimir Putin is toxic, the prime minister [Boris Johnson] is right to say that. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone sparks GMB outrage after Putin defence “And I just find the apologists for Putin - when people can see on their TV screens the appalling things that are happening on the ground in Ukraine, the appalling suffering of the Ukrainian people… “I find it absolutely shocking,” Truss concluded to Kate and Ben. The interview in question with Bernie saw the 91-year-old refuse to condemn Putin’s actions and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. “I’d still take a bullet for him,” Bernie told Kate and Ben. “I’d rather it didn’t hurt but if it does, I’d still take the bullet. “Because he’s a first-class person and what he’s doing is something he believed was the right, (he was) doing it for Russia. “Unfortunately, he’s like a lot of business people, certainly like me, we make mistakes from time to time. “And when you make a mistake, you have to do the best you can to get out of it. “I think if it had been conducted properly… I mean, the other person in Ukraine [Zelensky], his profession I understand was to be a comedian and I think he seems as if he wants to continue that profession.” DON'T MISS:GMB fans hit back as guest slams Royal spending 'They help more!'Ben Wallace loses it at Adil Ray accusation ‘Complete hogwash!’Lewis Hamilton’s calls for change slammed by Bernie Ecclestone Taking aim at Zelensky, Bernie added: “If he’d have thought about things, he would’ve made a big enough effort to speak to Mr Putin who is a sensible person. “(He) would’ve listened to him and been able to do something about it.” It wasn’t just Truss who blasted Bernie’s comments regarding Putin, however. On Twitter, GMB viewer Michael Harvey said: “What a strange interview. Bernie claiming it’s all on Zelensky to stop the war. Then says Putin didn’t mean to start it.. Then claiming he’d still take a bullet for Putin. Talk about backing the wrong horse.” Chloe Murray fumed: “You shouldn’t have had him on air and Kate and Ben should have been much tougher on him.” While @nfisher28 quipped: “I've seen some horrendous car crashes in F1 but Ecclestone has just taken it to another level!” User @YouBearsssssss fumed: “What A p***k Bernie Ecclestone Is. Says he'd take a bullet for Putin. Says Putin Is A Decent Man..... WHAT!!!!! #GMB” And @denham_365 agreed: “Bernie Ecclestone car crash interview. Don't give him airtime. Disgusting #GMB.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.