As Prime Minister Boris Johnson comes under increasing pressure from within his own party after surviving a confidence vote, it seems he could use Brexit to try and silence his critics. It's been reported that he plans to press ahead with legislation to override parts of the Brexit deal which have angered Tory Brexiteers. Mr Johnson and his Government have long been pushing to rewrite the Northern Ireland Protocol, which keeps the region in the EU’s single market while creating a customs border with the rest of the UK. Politicians in Northern Ireland argued when it signed the deal, it didn’t expect the EU to implement it so rigorously. Last month, the UK's current agreement with the EU was slammed by Britons living in the bloc. A survey of 1,328 British nationals across the continent was undertaken by Lancaster and Birmingham Universities. It saw many Britons in Europe express concerns over their loss of free movement and voting rights. Many also felt Britain's image on the world stage had been negatively impacted. The study’s co-lead, Michaela Benson, said “the public narrative suggests Brexit is done and dusted, it has brought deep transformations to the lives of British citizens in the EU and EEA". She added: “The long tail of Brexit is evident in its continuing impacts both on the way they live their lives, and in its lasting significance for their sense of identity and belonging." Asked whether their past or future migration plans had been affected by Brexit, 27 percent of respondents said it had affected them a great deal, and 14 percent a lot. READ MORE: Ditch Boris and get Starmer, Sturgeon and Brexit chaos One respondent living in Belgium said: “Where does one even start? Loss of rights like freedom of movement around the EU and to the UK. With a wife who is an EU citizen, I had to decide whether to move to the relevant EU country or stay in the UK. Family now cannot move back to Britain. Uncertainty.” Another said: “I moved to France in 2020 in order to protect my right to live and work in France post-Brexit. My migration is 100 per cent a result of Brexit.” Other responses included damning verdicts such as “deep shame”, “disappointment”, “a s***show”, “embarrassed to be British”, “shambolic”, and “like watching a house on fire”. From those surveyed, just over 30 percent still felt very or extremely emotionally attached to the UK, compared with 75 percent who said they felt a very or extreme emotional attachment to the EU, and 59 percent who felt the same in relation to their country of residence. Mr Benson added: “For me, one of the most interesting things the survey reveals is this sense of disappointment, shame and anguish over Brexit and the pandemic – and a really quite pronounced expression of European identity." The loss of EU voting rights was also a big concern, with 46 percent saying they could no longer vote in European elections or, in most cases, local elections in their country of residence. Around 42 percent were also unable to vote in the UK because they had lived abroad for more than 15 years, although this is expected to change. This isn't the first time research has shown disappointment with Brexit in Britain. In January, a Savanta survey for The Independent showed that on issues ranging from the economy to red tape to Britain’s ability to control its borders, more voters believe Brexit has worsened the UK’s position than improved it. Most, 57 percent, said Mr Johnson had not been honest about what Brexit would be like during the referendum campaign of 2016. By a slim majority of 51 to 49 per cent respondents said that if they could vote again, they would opt to rejoin the EU.