Emma Raducanu's grandmother has spoken with the tennis ace's father and doesn't think there will be any repeat of the issue which forced her to withdraw from last year's tournament. Young Raducanu burst onto the scene 12 months ago as an 18-year-old appearing in just her second tournament on the WTA Tour. Wins over Vitalia Diatchenko and Marketa Vondrousova soon catapulted her onto the world stage as she made her debut on Court One against Sorana Cirstea. And the Brit continued her fairytale run with a straight-sets win over the Romanian ace to reach the second week of Wimbledon. But the teenager appeared to struggle with breathing difficulties throughout her round-of-16 match. Raducanu was trailing 4-6, 0-3 to Ajla Tomljanovic when she called for a trainer to come to the court. The British wildcard left the court to receive further treatment but the trainer came back out and confirmed to the umpire that she wouldn't be returning. But Niculina Raducanu, who won't be at Wimbledon as her 'heart can't take it' is confident there won't be a repeat of that this time around. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu's first Wimbledon opponent plotting revenge  "Now she has a big medical team who check everything," she told the Daily Mail. Mrs Raducanu has spoken with her son, the teenager's father, about her granddaughter's fitness following her withdrawal from the Nottingham Open. "He said it's nothing serious. She is ready for Wimbledon." While the grandmother can't be there in person, the pair regularly speak and she said: "I will be there for her in spirit. DON'T MISS  "I encourage her all the time. I talked to her recently over video call. I told her, 'God will help you do what you have to do'. I send her my best wishes. Mrs Raducanu added: "If she won't win now, I will also be there for her reassuring her that things will be better next time. I am proud of what she has accomplished but she still needs to gather more strength." Raducanu's first match is against Alison Van Uytvanck and will be making her debut on Centre Court. The 19-year-old was a fitness concern heading into Wimbledon after withdrawing from the Nottingham Open with a side strain.