Defence Secretary Ben Wallace revealed on Thursday that it is “highly likely” the UK will bolster a NATO force in Estonia with further troops. The Enhanced Forward Presence unit in the country is designed to deter further Russian expansion. Civil servant George, 29, told Express.co.uk that supporting the Ukrainian resistance was the “right thing to do”, but “it's a very difficult question” when it comes to bringing the UK armed forces more directly into the fold. Tony, 70, from Abbey Wood in southeast London added: “I think supplying arms is a great idea. “If we commit troops, we could exacerbate the situation. It’s certainly not a line I would go down. “It gives Putin an excuse for upping his game, and I think we are having a sizeable impact with things - let’s keep it as it is.” Currently boasting two battlegroups of 1,000 military personnel, adding a third to the force in Estonia would make the unit a brigade. This comes ahead of a NATO summit in Madrid later this month, which Mr Wallace has already touted as a show of the alliance’s unity against Moscow. The Defence Secretary told Sky News: "It is highly likely that come Madrid we will seek to allocate a brigade to those two battle groups.” He added: "It doesn't necessarily mean they will always be in Estonia, they may well be back in the UK. READ MORE: BBC QT: Audience member rages at Keir Starmer 'Obi Wan Kenobi' jab “But their command and control and indeed their forward units will most likely be in Estonia where they are now." NATO has had the units positioned in Estonia and Poland for a number of years, but the alliance’s presence on its eastern front has been increased since the Russian invasion of Ukraine began. Mr Wallace told reporters that NATO will be looking at where its units are most needed and how long they would likely be required there. He said: “The key areas of discussion are how our forces are going to be distributed - how permanent versus how deployable, versus how ready, will be the main area of discussion.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Do it! Lavrov goads UK to 'force Russia to knees' [LIVE] Putin crisis as major Russian oil field erupts in FLAMES [REPORT] Putin mortified as UK 'highly likely' to send troops to NATO task force [REACTION] Part of the public’s reservations over wading further into the war is that he “seems like a madman”, and “when you deal with people like this, so volatile, so unpredictable”, it changes the playing field, as pensioner Tony told Express.co.uk. Justina, 34, from Poland and 28-year-old master's student Rachel said they wanted the visa application for Ukrainian refugees to be simplified, and more people welcomed into UK homes. Justina then added that she was “definitely” worried about the nuclear threats issued by Russia, because “you don’t know what this guy would do”. Rachel added she had discussed how she and her family could escape the capital in the event of a nuclear scare early in the conflict, but she felt “powerless about anything Putin might do". Vladimir Putin and foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, have both issued veiled threats surrounding nuclear weapons to NATO countries offering help to Ukraine. This comes after the head of the UK’s armed forces called Moscow’s invasion a “dreadful mistake by Russia”. Admiral Sir Tony Radakin told Sky News: “Russia will never take control of Ukraine. "Russia has strategically lost already. NATO is stronger, Finland and Sweden are looking to join." He added that any idea of the war being successful for Russia was “nonsense”. Sir Tony continued: "The Russian machine is grinding away, and it's gaining a couple of - two, three, five - kilometres every day. "And that's tough for Ukraine, but this is going to be a long fight."