The celebrity chef was back this weekend with a rerun of his ITV show, James Martin’s Saturday Morning. The 49-year-old was joined by guest singer Natalie Imbruglia, while chefs Raymond Blanc and Dipna Anand dropped by to show off their cooking skills. However, during one cooking segment, James opened up about where his love for butter came from. The TV chef is renowned for putting slabs of butter in his dishes, and because he loves the ingredient so much, he has even released a cookbook dedicated to it. James admitted he often gets judged by how much butter he adds to his recipes. While making his family recipe for lardy cake, the presenter explained his love of butter came from his nan. When speaking to viewer, Chris, James said: "You take your lardy cake and dunk it. READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen "How is that so far? Have I got you there?" "I think you may have used a few calories and yes, that absolutely brilliant," Chris praised. Speaking about his family recipe, the TV chef continued: "This is the way that my gran used to do it. "She used to eat this with equal quantities of butter per slice of cake." "This is where I got a lot of butter from," he admitted.  "Alternatively, if you didn't have butter it would be clotted cream. "But you take the lardy cake out like that, so that's obviously one portion. "Then you dump in another portion like this and so you have got a mixture of lard and sugar. "Now, you can put spice in this, Chris if you wanted to." DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers hit out over 'obsession' with Glastonbury [REACTION]'It's real' JB Gill speaks out on Jeremy Clarkson’s farming struggles [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans predict twist for Sean after Frank exposed [SPOILERS] Over the summer, ITV viewers will be able to watch repeats of James Martin's Saturday Morning after the chef confirmed he would be taking a break for the summer. In an episode that aired earlier this month, James said: "We are sadly taking a break during the summer." "They're out of a job," the chef joked as the ITV staff could be heard booing in the studio. "We will see you back here on ITV in September," he cheered.  "Where I'll be doing this for the rest of my life I have been told. "I will be joined by more top chefs, and other brilliant guests, until then, take care, stay safe and thanks for watching everybody." "Have a great summer," he added as he waved goodbye to viewers and crew in the studio. James Martin's Saturday Morning airs on Saturday at 9.25am on ITV.     