Kate Middleton always looks fabulous, whether it's in Roland Mouret on a red carpet or a pair of skinny jeans during a day trip. What is constant is her enviable figure. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Nutritional Adviser Alex Parren and Nutritional Health Coach Holly Zoccolan about what the Duchess probably eats to stay slim and maintain her perfect skin. Alex Parren told Express.co.uk: "As a Royal, Kate would have access to high quality, fresh, organic foods and this would be one reason she is able to stay so slim. "Avoiding ultra-processed foods and nourishing the body with fruits and vegetables that are as fresh as possible is one of the best ways to stay healthy. "A good rule of thumb to go by is that if it comes in a packet, it’s probably not that good for you." Opting for nutritious snacks such as chopped up carrots, cucumber sticks and cherry tomatoes - or a refreshing fruit salad - is a healthier option than a packaged bar of chocolate. READ MORE: EastEnders' Letitia Dean spills 'incredible' weight loss secret But Kate's healthy, slimming diet is not limited to royalty and can even be achieved on a budget. "Non-royals can emulate this lifestyle by choosing to buy fresh fruit from farm shops and utilising frozen vegetables. "Studies have found that vegetables which have been frozen have their vitamins locked in and are as nutritious as fresh vegetables, so this can be a wallet-friendly and convenient way to get the same effect as super fresh veg." Frozen veg can be a great and simple addition to any meal in order to get that Kate physique. As for drinks, the expert predicted that the Duchess of Cambridge keeps things pretty basic. "It’s unlikely that Kate Middleton drinks much other than water, as drinks are an easy way to go over your calorie intake for the day. "If you’d like to emulate Kate, try to cut out sugary drinks and don’t drink your calories." Many eat out of boredom rather than necessity, and it's not uncommon for people to think they're hungry when they're actually thirsty. So, topping up that glass of water throughout the day can stop slimmers from reaching for the snack cupboard. In addition to this, drinking two litres of water a day can be an excellent weight loss hack because it keeps the body fuller for longer. Alex continued: "If you really enjoy tea or coffee, try swapping this for green tea which is packed with antioxidants to keep your skin glowing like Kate’s and will help to keep your energy levels up too." What's more, green tea does not have the same association with biscuits as a regular cup of tea or coffee do, so this may further curb those cravings. Express.co.uk also spoke to Nutritional Health Coach Holly Zoccolan, who offered some insight into the healthy foods Kate Middleton may eat for glowing, youthful skin. After all, nutritious ingredients have more than just weight loss benefits. She told Express.co.uk: "Avocados are high in healthy fats which are essential to keep your skin looking plump and hydrated whilst also preventing your skin from ageing. "Green Leafy Vegetables such as broccoli, spinach and brussels sprouts are rich in ALA (alpha-lipoic acid) which fights free radicals and is incredibly anti-ageing. "Green leafy vegetables are also high in Vitamin A, C, E and chlorophyll which enable the skin to retain its moisture and also protects the skin from damaging free radicals which cause ageing, dehydrated and tired-looking skin."