Andy Murray has come up short in the final of the Stuttgart Open, losing 4-6, 7-5, 3-6 to Matteo Berrettini after struggling with an injury in the deciding set. Murray has enjoyed an impressive run in Stuttgart, earning an impressive victory over number one seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in quarter-finals. That was the Scot's first win over a top-five player since 2016 and he followed that up with a straight sets win over Nick Kyrgios in the semi-finals. His victory over Kyrgios saw him move up to number 47 in the rankings, the first time he has been in the top 50 since May 2018. However, against Berrettini, who lost to Novak Djokovic in last year's Wimbledon final, Murray fell short at the final hurdle. It was his first appearance in a grass-court final in six years, with the 35-year-old not featuring in one since his 2016 victory at Wimbledon and he put in a spirited performance against Berrettini. In a close first set, he won the first point of the match before the Italian took a two game lead. JUST IN: Kyrgios claims 'racial slurs' from crowd were reason behind meltdown Murray twice fought back but could not prevent Berrettini from winning the first set 6-4. He then levelled things up with a 7-5 win in the second set, before being forced to take a medical timeout twice in the decider. Worryingly, it was Murray's left hip that appeared to be the issue. The 35-year-old has been forced to undergo hip surgery twice in recent years and now has a metal hip. Despite the injury scare, he was able to finish the match but came up short as Berrettini won the final set 6-3 to emerge victorious. Despite tasting defeat in the final, Murray has played brilliantly and his performances will stand him in good stead provided he is fit enough to head to Wimbledon later this month. DON’T MISS Murray's mum reacts to Brit beating Kyrgios to reach Stuttgart finalMurray hints he's annoyed with Kyrgios after 'not fun' Stuttgart winMurray beats Kyrgios in straight sets to reach Stuttgart Open final "It's been an incredible week here," Murray said following the defeat. "I really enjoyed it. The team here did a fantastic job. The fans the whole week were brilliant. I've had great support during most of the matches and a fantastic atmosphere over the weekend. Thank you so much. "I'd like to congratulate Matteo and his team on a fantastic week. It's never easy to come back from surgery. He played extremely well today and deserved the win. All the best in the next few weeks in the build up to Wimbledon. "Finally, thank you to my own team here and back home and my family. Thank you so much for all the support. There's been a lot of progress in the last few weeks and I'm looking forward to seeing what the future holds. I'm feeling better about my game. I hope my body holds up. I hope to see you all again in the future."