The latest adventures of Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) and the Hawkins gang has been one of Stranger Things’ most highly regarded instalments yet after its release at the end of May. However, despite staying on track to become Netflix’s biggest show of the year, another series has leapt ahead of the rankings after just one season, new data has revealed. A recent study has named the young adult romance Heartstopper as the best-reviewed Netflix series of 2022. The romantic-comedy-drama follows gay school student Charlie Spring (Joe Locke) as he develops a crush on his classmate Nick Nelson (Kit Connor). Its first season received rave reviews for its touching story, LGBTQ+ representation and the chemistry between the two leads. Based on the graphic novels by Alice Oseman, Netflix has already given the go-ahead for two more seasons of Heartstopper after generating 14.55 hours viewed in just the first two days of release. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson Variety then reported the series had reached Netflix’s Top 10 in 54 countries within a week. Not only was the series a smash-hit for the streamer, but The Critic Ratings Study has now determined Heartstopper to be the most well-received Netflix series of the year. The society collated reviews from IMDb, Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes to determine the biggest scorers of 2022 so far. Heartstopper’s first-ever season took the top spot, beating out the likes of Stranger Things, Russian Doll and Squid Game. Closely followed were Korean drama All Of Us Are Dead, the third season of You and the second season of Bridgerton. The YA drama was given an impressive average score of 9/10, while Stranger Things season four, volume one, received an 8.8. After just one season, Heartstopper has won rave reviews from publications such as The Guardian, Buzzfeed, The Hollywood Reporter, AV Club and more. It currently has a coveted 100 percent score on Rotten Tomatoes. DON'T MISS:Law and Order’s Anthony Anderson’s replacement confirmed [LATEST]Stranger Things plot hole: Creators admit major Will mistake [BLUNDER]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly tried to axe Beth’s wedding dress [INSIGHT] In his five-star review, David Opie of Digital Spy said: "I'm so grateful that Heartstopper exists. “Because if you can't see yourself in the world around you, it's hard to see a future for yourself too. And no one should ever be made to feel like that.” In just 10 episodes, the series has also made stars of its cast of up-and-comers. Newcomer Yasmin Finney, who portrayed Charlie’s friend Elle Argent, has been cast as a character named Rose in Doctor Who. She was announced alongside new Doctor Ncuti Gatwa to be joining the series alongside David Tennant, Catherine Tate and showrunner Russell T Davies’ return to the sci-fi classic. Meanwhile, the main cast are already gearing up to return for Heartstopper’s second season, and will undoubtedly find other high-profile roles elsewhere thanks to its success. There are also three more volumes of author Alice’s graphic novel series, with a fifth on the way, fans are hoping will eventually be adapted to the small screen. Heartstopper and Stranger Things are available to stream on Netflix.