“I always recommend when it comes to choosing an antihistamine, to avoid using what we call first-generation, older fashion antihistamine like chlorphenamine, because they are sedating, and have slow reaction time. “Studies have shown that using something like chlorphenamine will actually have more impact on your driving than being drunk. “So you want to use the newer antihistamines like cetirizine, loratadine, or fexofenadine.” All three treatments listed above should help quell “first-stage symptoms,” explained Dr Farooque.  A third alternative treatment to prevent the onset of symptoms is the injection, which is no longer available on the NHS. Although the jab is available through private medical healthcare, it is expensive and may have undesirable side effects. “There’s an injection which is basically a very high dose of steroids. Although it works, it’s not recommended for potential side effects," noted Dr Farrooque. “It can cause your veins to thin, you can cause changes in skin at the site of injection, and in the long-term, it increases diabetes risk.” The expert, therefore, recommends her patients opt for alternative treatments first, and see if they help appease symptoms. If they failed to, however, the expert suggests immunotherapy to help weaken the body’s response to the allergens. The treatment works by allowing the immune system to acclimatise to the allergen, which eventually can help relieve symptoms. The jab is also medically accepted as a treatment for potentially life-saving threatening reactions to bee and wasp stings. It can also be used to treat cases of allergic rhinitis, where symptoms are severe. According to Allergy UK: “The evidence for immunotherapy in atopic excess and asthma is limited, although recent advances have shown that house dust mite sublingual immunotherapy can prevent exacerbations in adults with allergic asthma.” Finally, Dr Farooque addressed claims that honey can be used to appease allergy symptoms for hayfever. Although local honey tends to contain pollen, there is little scientific backing supporting its use to relieve symptoms.