Historical drama Outlander continues to go strong with viewers loving the adventures of Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser’s (Caitriona Balfe) epic love story against the odds. The show has built up a global fanbase with existing fans of Diana Gabaldon’s novel series becoming devotees to the show as well. However, some were left disappointed by the latest outing of the drama - but not because of the content. Season six of Outlander premiered on March 6, 2022 with episodes dropping weekly. Unfortunately, season six was the shortest cycle to date with a total of eight episodes and only half the length of the first outing which had a total of 16 instalments altogether. Despite the season’s brevity, the storytelling was par excellence with some powerful plot points and character development. The sixth series was based on Gabaldon’s novel A Breath of Snow and Ashes, which tackled Young Ian’s (John Bell) return from the Mohawks and the breakdown of his marriage. READ MORE: Lauren Lyle nationality: Where was Outlander star born? Season six also saw much discord among Marsali (Lauren Lyle) and her husband Fergus (César Domboy) amid his drinking and the birth of their son Henri-Christian. Audiences saw Claire relying on ether to deal with the trauma of her sexual assault at the end of season five. Additionally, there was much drama involving the newly arrived Christie family who brought their own problems when they turned up at Fraser’s Ridge. The series ended on a cliffhanger with Claire’s fate hanging in the balance after she was accused of being a witch once again. The main reason was the coronavirus pandemic which saw film and television productions across the world shut down to stop the spread of COVID-19, this was the same for Outlander. In a statement from last year, Outlander’s showrunner Matthew B. Roberts said: “Filming in 2021 has presented an unprecedented set of challenges which led us to the decision to truncate the season in order to bring the fans the most vibrant and dynamic season as soon as possible. “Dinna fash, we will then film an extended season seven with 16 episodes next year as life returns to normalcy.” More recently, lead star and producer Balfe also weighed in on the length of the sixth series, saying: “We originally were supposed to film 12 episodes. That was the original idea. DON'T MISS...John Bell Outlander nationality: Where was John Hunter Bell born? [INSIGHT]Outlander: Why was Romann Berrux replaced as Fergus Fraser? [ANALYSIS]Sam Heughan: Can Outlander star really speak Gaelic? [EXPLAINER] “But this felt like a really natural point. If we had to stop somewhere, this felt like a good place to stop.” She went on to reveal how none of the episodes in the series were altered or adapted in any way from their original when the plan had been to do 12 instalments. Heughan hailed season six as possibly the strongest run of Outlander to date and said some of the episodes were actually longer than the usual runtime on an average series. Producer Maril Davis added to Variety: “Due to COVID and a variety of factors, we kind of realized very quickly after we started the season that we couldn’t accomplish those 12 episodes. It just so happened eight was a perfect point to cut it off.” Fans left frustrated with the open-ended nature of season six will be pleased to know there will be 16 episodes in the next cycle to make up for the previous run. Filming has already started on the episodes with the cast giving some small insights into the forthcoming episodes. One big announcement to get viewers excited is the arrival of Jamie’s son William Ransom (Charles Vandervaart), who is now an adult. Season seven will use material from both A Breath of Snow and Ashes and An Echo in the Bone as Claire is put on trial. Outlander season 7 is in production now