Such is the respect for the Queen that it even united political rivals and republicans. At 96, the subject of our affection took it all in her stride, as is her stoical wont. A charming highlight was her role in a short and touching film with Paddington Bear. Watching the harmonious celebrations, it was hard to remember last year was pegged as a re-run of 1992’s “annus horribilis”. This invokes the resilience of the Queen’s character, and the power of the monarchy as an enduring institution that can move with the times. The Jubilee showed us at our finest, splicing pomp and ceremony with humour and camaraderie, and as last night’s pageant led to a rousing National Anthem outside Buckingham Palace it felt no less than a moment of national renewal. Yes, we have much to face and grieve for, including the war in Ukraine, the cost-of-living crisis and the toll of Covid. But with the Queen’s example, we’ll face challenges with redoubled strength. Thank you, ma’am, for setting us such a fine example. ---------------------------------------------------------------- Pack up your troubles As the holidays ended yesterday, the travel chaos in our airports could be seen in stark relief. With flights cancelled, jobs vacancies unfilled and furious queues, thousands of Britons were delayed, with many more stranded abroad. Clearly the industry must resolve this, and Transport Secretary Grant Shapps is talking tough, insisting flights aren’t oversold and suggesting an automatic compensation scheme for passengers. Perhaps, but we should have some sympathy. Aviation is recovering from Covid and staff laid off have not returned. The result is a perfect storm of supply and demand – and not, as London mayor Sadiq Khan had it, the result of Brexit. Similar scenes are happening in the US and Europe. Sadly, the chaos is unlikely to end soon, and the result will inevitably be price hikes. If you’re planning a summer holiday... you’d best be prepared. ---------------------------------------------------------------- Chip prices are battered Russia’s war on Ukraine is still being waged, and there’s now an unexpected reminder of its baleful effects – a scarcity of fish and chips. The British staple is set to rocket in price due to the levy on Russian exporters. It’s not just fish – oil, flour and spuds are hit. The National Federation of Fish Friers has appealed to old ally Norway to bridge the cod gap. Let’s hope we get our national dish to return, but not lose sight of the fact plucky Ukraine is fighting for its life – a sacrifice that dwarves our privations.