The Boys has been nowhere to be seen for the past couple of years with filming pushed back due to the coronavirus pandemic. So when the action-fiction drama made a comeback for its third series on Prime Video last week, fans were over the moon. Now, the streaming service has announced there is still a bright future ahead of the twisted superhero tale. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about The Boys season four so far. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Boys. The Boys returned for season three on Friday, June 3, with the first three episodes dropped on the Amazon streaming service. The story will play out with a new instalment coming out every week until the grand finale on Friday, July 8. Fans have been thirsty for the drama's return after a two-year wait and according to Prime Video, viewing figures are on the rise. The worldwide audience for The Boys has grown by more than a whopping 234percent since the first series came out, thus explaining the quick series renewal. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project  As of yet, there has been no talk on exactly when The Boys will be returning for season four. There is also no pattern for when the series have been released so far, especially with the COVID-19 pandemic causing filming disruption for the drama and many other shows around the globe for the past couple of years. However, there was more than a year gap between series one and two, prior to the world going into lockdown. So if this will be the case again, then fans may very well expect The Boys season four to premiere sometime in the summer of 2023. Going by the first three seasons, this fourth outing will also consist of eight episodes in total. In terms of casting, this will entirely depend on what happens in the third series which is currently being released on Prime Video. Any of the main characters could be killed off at any point, which was proven in series two with the shocking death of Becca (played by Shantel VanSanten). Two of the leading actors who are bound to make comebacks for season four are actors Karl Urban as Butcher and Anthony Starr as Homelander. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment [MISTAKE]The Boys delay: Boss issue apology after episode 4 delayed [DELAY]The Boys’ Karl Urban pays tribute to Jensen Ackles [TRIBUTE] Head of global television at Amazon Studios, Vernon Sanders said: “From our first conversation with Eric Kripke and the creative team about Season Three of The Boys, we knew the show was continuing to get even bolder—an impressive feat considering the wild success of the Emmy-nominated second season. "The Boys continues to push boundaries in storytelling while also being relentlessly entertaining and threading the needle on social satire that feels all too real. "This stylized world of the series has incredible global reach and the viewership for opening weekend is proof of that. "We are immensely proud of the cast and crew that has spawned a franchise for Prime Video, and we look forward to bringing more of The Boys to our customers.” More to follow... Viewers were left stunned by the end of the third episode of series three which came out last week. It was discovered that Vought had sided with the government on the war on communism and Payback was brought to Nicaragua to assist. However, their actions led to the death of Mallory's (Laila Robins), men and Soldier Boy (Jensen Ackles) being brutally murdered and taken by the Russians. So what is going to happen next when The Boys returns for its latest instalment?  The Boys season 3 is available to watch on Prime Video. boys