Drivers in the UK have already seen countless driving law changes this year, with new Highway Code rules and motoring fines. July will see a host of new regulations designed to boost road safety and reduce emissions, although drivers could find themselves embracing massive changes. From July 6, all newly launched cars will be legally required to be fitted with a speed limiter in the European Union. A Department for Transport spokesperson told Express.co.uk that a decision had not yet been made. It was thought the UK would follow suit by adopting the safety regulations despite Brexit, as the Government has retained many EU laws for new vehicles. READ MORE: EU car ban: MEPs vote to ban all petrol and diesel car sales The spokesperson added: “The UK’s departure from the EU provides us with the platform to capitalise on our regulatory freedoms and make decisions that are right for Great Britain and benefit road safety. “We’re currently assessing the vehicle safety technologies included in the EU's General Safety Regulation and a decision will be taken in due course as to whether to mandate any of those in Great Britain.” The EU 2019/2044 regulation also mandates all new cars that have already launched be fitted with an Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) by July 7, 2024. Ministers within Government have been critical of their introduction, namely Jacob Rees-Mogg who said the UK should not follow EU rules. DON'T MISS'This is madness': Drivers slam EU for 2035 petrol and diesel car ban [SHOCKING]'This is an urgent situation': AA warn of 'pump fiction' as costs rise [WARNING]Extortionate cost of charging EVs at motorway service stations [INSIGHT] Earlier in June, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng called on the Competitions and Markets Authority (CMA) to investigate record petrol and diesel prices. Currently, fuel prices stand at an average of 191.10p per litre of petrol and 198.96p per litre for diesel. The report from the CMA is due on July 7. Manchester’s charging area was scheduled to launch on May 30 but was paused in February. Decisions have yet to be made over how the zone will operate with Mayor Andy Burnham calling for a non-charging scheme, despite the Government pushing for charging only in the city centre. The Government said it would allow for consultation on the Clean Air Zone and a revised plan by July 1, 2022. From June 30, all home and workplace electric vehicle chargers will be required to have smart charging capabilities. The new laws are aimed at helping to manage the strain on the National Grid and prompt drivers to switch to EV-friendly energy tariffs. It is hoped thousands of EV drivers will charge during off-peak hours, ensuring there is no strain and saving money at the same time.