Dame Deborah James' mum Heather James has taken to Instagram to pay tribute to her daughter after she died aged 40 following her five-year battle with bowel cancer. Heather took to the social media platform to reveal her heartbreak over her daughter's death in a beautiful series of pictures. In view of her 81,900 followers, Heather reposted the pictures announcing the devastating news of Deborah's death. Heather wrote underneath, "My heart is broken," before adding, "love you forever." It comes after Deborah's family released a statement to her Instagram page confirming that the mother-of-two had died surrounded by her loved ones. Alongside the heartbreaking news, they shared a series of pictures of Deborah looking radiant in a white dress as she danced in front of a stunning sunset over an ocean. READ MORE: Gary Lineker addresses ‘difficult’ issue working with Alex Scott The statement read: "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. "Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family. It continued: "Deborah, who many of you will know as Bowelbabe, was an inspiration and we are incredibly proud of her and her work and commitment to charitable campaigning, fundraising and her endless efforts to raise awareness of cancer that touched so many lives. "Deborah shared her experience with the world to raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer. "Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring," it added. The statement continued: "We thank you for giving us time in private as a family, and we look forward to continuing Deborah’s legacy long into the future through the @bowelbabefund "Thank you for playing your part in her journey, you are all incredible. "And a few final things from Deborah…'find a life worth enjoying; take risks; love deeply; have no regrets; and always, always have rebellious hope. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway admits 'change' in marriage to Derek [UPDATE] Adil Ray vocalises backs Lewis Hamilton after Piquet's racist remarks [ANALYSIS]Dr Hilary pays emotional tribute to friend Deborah James [INSIGHT] "And finally, check your poo – it could just save your life,'" the post ended. The BBC podcast host leaves behind her husband Sebastien Bowen, and two children Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12. In May, she shared the heartbreaking news with her 404k Instagram followers that she had ended her active cancer treatment and was moving into hospice at home care. “The message I never wanted to write,” she began. “We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball," she wrote, before adding that she'd been moved to hospice at home care. She was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer in 2016, which went on to become stage four, meaning it was incurable. Since then, Deborah has built up a huge fanbase as she documented her battle with bowel cancer. The star has been the face of the No Butts campaign, helping people to spot the signs of bowel cancer early and has now set up a fund for bowel cancer charities, which has raised over £6million so far. You can donate to Deborah James Bowelbabe Fund here.