Costco is a wholesaler whose stores act like gigantic warehouses. Shoppers will find absolutely everything on its shelves: from household staples such as loo roll to random items such as a ride-on lawnmower. In a new show called Costco: Is it worth it?, which aired on Channel Five this evening, shopping insiders shared the company’s secrets, giving Britons the opportunity to make their mind up if it’s worth becoming a Costco member or not. “For most people, Costco is a mystery,” consumer journalist Harry Wallop said on Channel Five’s Costco: Is it worth it?. That’s because to shop at a Costco branch, you have to be a member. Interestingly, a Costco membership can cost anything from £15 a year to £75. But is it worth it? READ MORE: Food Awards England 2022: Full list of winning restaurants and pubs Harry went on to say that everything in Costco is massive, but products being bigger than what they are in supermarkets don’t necessarily mean they are cheaper. “The real trick is you have to go in with a calculator and internet access and check prices to see if you’re getting your money’s worth,” the consumer expert explained. Costco is similar to the middle aisle of Lidl, or the Specialbuys aisle in Aldi, according to comedian Tez Ilyas. “It’s like Toys ‘R Us for mums and dads,” he added. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry ‘presented’ Lilibet to the world in ‘un-royal’ manner [BODY LANGUAGE]Weight loss: Doctor shares ideal eating window to boost weight loss [VIDEO]Menopausal skincare: How to reduce redness and manage hot flushes [EXPERT] As well as everything being big and products being as random as a 100-year-old olive tree, the shopping insiders went on to reveal the other tricks Costco has introduced to make customers spend more. Firstly, the store has no signage, which means shoppers have to walk down many aisles to find what they’re looking for. This means customers are more likely to become distracted and spend money on products they don’t even need. A former Costco employee recalled how many customers would say to her at the till, “I only came for one thing”, but had ended up “spending more than £100”. Joanna, who was introduced as a “super shopper” and a business owner, shops at Costco often, and shared her tips with Costco: Is it worth it?. She advised going to the end of the store, which saves people money as it saves them from distraction. The back of the store is home to Costco staples, whereas the “wow” items are placed at the front. Joanna also recommended avoiding the sample stations, which are there “to seduce you” and encourage you to spend more money. Costco’s best buy, according to Joanna, is its own brand Kirkland water. Shoppers can buy 40 bottles of water for only £3.10. Tez, though, disagreed. The comedian was astounded that anyone would buy water when British water tastes good enough out of the tap. Many products seem to be extremely cheap at Costco – but there is a catch. Harry explained: “Members of the public need to be really careful when they walk inside a warehouse, because the main price you see – big letters – is the price without VAT.” The consumer expert is referring to the big price signs, which are always placed above another price in a smaller print. This latter price is the product’s real price – and includes VAT.