Clarence House, where Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall reside, is located in South West London and is in walking distance of Buckingham Palace. The beautiful mansion is steeped in lots of British royal history. Prince Charles and Camilla currently reside at Clarence House. But, it is not just the future King and Queen Consort who have lived here. The mansion is steeped in British royal history. Prince Charles first lived at Clarence House between the ages of one and three with his parents, Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip. READ MORE: Frogmore Cottage: Inside Princess Eugenie's home Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother also resided there between 1953 and 2002. It is rather sentimental that Prince Charles gets to live where his grandmother previously resided, as the pair were thought to be incredibly close. In his eulogy for The Queen Mother, the future King described her as "quite simply the most magical grandmother you could possibly have". Clarence House was originally built between 1825 and 1827. It is estimated that the grand residence is worth an incredible $76.5million. This is around £61million. Buckingham Palace, however, is estimated to be worth more than $5billion (around £4billion). But what does the lavish home look like? The Royal Household Property Services carried out the refurbishment and the interiors were carried out under the direction of Robert Kime. The official website for the Royal Collection Trust stated: "Robert Kime introduced new colour schemes and furnishings, while maintaining the familiar atmosphere of a much-loved family house. "The arrangement of the rooms and the grouping of their contents remain recognisably as they were in Queen Elizabeth’s time, with much of Her Majesty’s collection of works of art and furniture in their former positions." The royal residence is open to members of the public during the summer, and they are given a grand tour of five rooms on the ground floor. Despite it being incredibly grand, some parts of the home appear very cosy. In one photograph of Camilla and Booker Prize Winner Bernardine Evaristo at Clarence House, the room is littered with photographs, paintings and nicknacks. There are two homely lampshades over two floral printed armchairs, possibly where the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall do their reading. It has white walls, a blue patterned carpet and blue curtains. Another room boasts a gorgeous, enviable book collection. A third room is decorated in deep, rich red. The lampshades, chairs and carpet are crimson, with a multi-coloured rug. @sharoncouchpotato took to Instagram and said: "Well worth a visit, loved it."