Martin Brundle has claimed the love between Charles Leclerc and Ferrari is the same as their affection for Michael Schumacher. The Sky Sports commentator said there was an “awful lot of love” between the pair despite the issues the team have faced this season. Leclerc has secured pole position at the last four races but failed to win any due to strategy errors and reliability concerns. However, Brundle warned the affection between the pair has been unrivalled to anything seen since the noughties with Schumacher. Brundle said: “He loves Ferrari and Ferrari love him, in a way that, the last time I saw something like that was between Michael Schumacher and the Ferrari team. There's an awful lot of love to burn through there but right now, Leclerc must be feeling as bruised as Lewis' back." Schumacher is Ferrari's most successful driver with 72 wins and five championships during his time with the team. READ MORE: Max Verstappen shares Charles Leclerc Ferrari worry despite Baku win The German won his five back-to-back titles between 2000 and 2004. In comparison, Leclerc has only won four races for Ferrari in his three and a half seasons at the team. He looked set to win his home Monaco Grand Prix before a bad strategy call from Ferrari cost him. A late pitstop saw him drop behind team-mate Carlos Sainz and both Red Bull’s to ensure he could only manage fourth. He put his car on pole position at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix last weekend before mechanical failures forced him to retire. Verstappen’s victory has seen him open up a 34 point gap between himself and Leclerc in a massive blow to Ferrari’s title chances. However, Brundle has stressed Leclerc just be “beside himself” after losing out the chance to secure more wins and take a commanding championship lead. DON'T MISSFerrari driver Charles Leclerc 'hurt' after Azerbaijan GP DNF [COMMENT]Charles Leclerc out of Azerbaijan GP in double Ferrari DNF  [PICS]Ferrari suffer more misery as Carlos Sainz out of Azerbaijan GP [ANALYSIS] He warned issues on a Sunday are happening “way too much” and believes the team has “various gremlins” to fix. He said: “We're into the thick of a 22-race season. Races are coming relentlessly at us. If you've got one big issue, you go and fix it, but there are various gremlins that Ferrari is having. "Charles Leclerc must be beside himself. He could have had four glorious victories. He's sticking the car on pole position, driving beautifully and then this kind of thing is happening to him just way too much."