BBC Weather's Matt Taylor forecast thunder and downpours through Saturday morning in southern England. But some "respite" is expected before a return to "severe" weather, according to the Met Office. He said: "Clumps of white cloud are bringing the rain, to begin with, but limited mostly to the southern counties. "There is a little finger of little rain now pushing up towards the southwest midlands and into south Wales. "But some very heavy downpours pushing through Sussex with the worst of the rain across south Devon and Cornwall and could give some minor flooding. "There is good news, those will gradually fade away westwards and sunshine will break through by the afternoon. "It will stay a bit grey and cold on some of those eastern areas of England especially on the coast with more of a breeze but Northern Ireland and western Scotland are up to 22C this afternoon with the sunshine. READ MORE: UK weather: Horror as washout set to soak Jubilee weekend revellers "With the clear skies, it will be a rather chilly night. "Further south, a mild and muggy night and more thunderstorms developing further northwards tonight and into tomorrow morning. "For Sunday it is a slightly different outlook for England and Wales in particular." The Met Office is likely to issue a weather warning for heavy rain, hail, and lightning across southern and central England and Wales, but will review the situation on Saturday morning. However, forecasters are predicting the second bout of storms will arrive after the Jubilee event outside Buckingham Palace, where 22,000 people are expected to attend to see performances from the likes of Craig David, Alicia Keys, and Sir Rod Stewart. A yellow weather warning is currently in place for much of southern England until 10am on Saturday, with a risk of flooding, damage to buildings, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds, as well as a small chance of travel delays and cancellations to train and bus services. Met Office meteorologist Steven Keates said: "It will be late evening so I think for events in London I wouldn't want to completely discount a shower for, say, the Party at the Palace. I think at the moment it looks like a mostly dry picture and quite pleasant conditions." He added that those who remained out in the capital after the show faced an "increasing risk" of being caught in rain. DON'T MISS Wall of rain to smash Britain in Jubilee weather washout [INSIGHT]UK weather: Brits bask in 25C Jubilee heatwave [ANALYSIS]Jubilee weekend forecast: UK parties face storms and 'flash flooding' [VIDEO] It comes after Friday brought sudden, heavy downpours to Wales, with the seaside town of Criccieth receiving 92mm of rain in just six hours. Homes and businesses were left damaged and some roads impassable while many were celebrating the Platinum Jubilee. Mr Keates said the overall picture for the UK showed "big contrasts" as Scotland recorded its warmest day of the year on Friday at 21.6C. The mercury is expected to continue rising north of the border to a high of 23C in the West Highlands on Saturday, accompanied by "a lot of sunshine".