Canelo Alvarez has been ridiculed by WBO middleweight champion Demetrius Andrade after the Mexican's loss to Dmitriy Bivol last month. Andrade butted heads with Canelo last year when ‘Boo Boo’ crashed the pound-for-pound star's post-fight press conference for the Billy Joe Saunders bout in search of a fight. Both men got into a heated exchange of words at the presser with Andrade having to be escorted off the premises and Canelo threatening to “f*** up” Andrade. Now, the Rhode Island southpaw has gone on record to mock his fierce rival. "He told me I was a horrible fighter, but he got beat by a like basic foundation [Bivol],” said Andrade in an interview with Fight Hype. “I throw uppercuts from miles away and be hitting people with s***.” When asked whether he was surprised that Canelo lost to Bivol, he responded: “No, I wasn’t surprised man, you know, people were running round saying ‘it was at 75, it was at 75’ but it was ok when he dodged me to go fight Kovalev who is washed up, damaged, beat down all that other s***, but now some of the s*** out there is like come on man stop it, he got beat by a boxer - I mean a simple foundation.” Andrade is currently 31-0 as a professional with 19 wins coming by way of knockout. In his last outing, he defeated Irish contender Jason Quigley and is expected to move up to super-middleweight next in order to chase bigger paydays. Andrade was set to face England’s Zach Parker for the WBO interim super-middleweight title on May 21 but the fight was delayed after the American suffered a shoulder injury three weeks out from the fight. Canelo was comfortably outpointed by Bivol as he failed to capture the WBA ‘super’ light-heavyweight title against the Russian in Las Vegas. But according to Matchroom Boxing promoter Eddie Hearn, this has not dissuaded the unified super-middleweight world champion from taking the rematch, which is set to take place after his third fight against Gennady Golovkin in September. “We sat down with Dmitry Bivol and his team and said, 'Look, you're going to defend your world championship almost at the same time, in September (as Canelo against Golovkin), and then there's the rematch for Canelo Alvarez in May.' With Canelo there's no problem because there's no way he won't take that fight, he wants revenge,” Hearn told the DAZN Boxing Show.