The Queen had to cancel her attendance at the event, with a representative citing “some discomfort”, while Prince Andrew and the Archbishop of Canterbury also pulled out due to testing positive for Covid. However, crowds gathered for the thanksgiving service, which saw NHS and key workers alongside teaching staff and representatives from the Armed Forces among the 400 people invited to attend. After the event, Clarence House said: “Thank you, Your Majesty, for 70 years of unwavering and dedicated service. “The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall, along with other members of The Royal Family, attended a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral for The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.” The message of gratitude was met with an outpouring of love from Royal fans, praising the “marvellous” service. One said: “That’s royal for “I love you, Mum”. Another added: “Wishing The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall love and support from the US. Their dedication is so admirable.” A third said: “Her Majesty deserves all the thanks possibly for her 70 years of unstinting service.  ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** “It was a marvellous service, the sermon was good and the music fabulous. “I just wish The Queen had been well enough to attend it herself. “My prayers and thoughts as always are with her.” The monarch, 96, has had to cancel her attendance at the last minute, with Buckingham Palace saying: “Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow's National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend.” Had it not been for the Queen and Prince Andrew’s cancellation, the service would have been the largest gathering of the Royal family since Harry and Meghan’s wedding in 2018. In a statement, Buckingham Palace added the Queen “greatly enjoyed” her birthday parade and flypast in London. DON'T MISS: Kate and Meghan caught in VERY frosty reunion seated metres apart [REVEAL]   She is believed to have experienced episodic mobility issues during yesterday’s celebrations. It is understood the decision was considered regrettable but sensible due to the demands the service would require. The Queen today cancelled her attendance at another Jubilee event, the Epsom Derby. Writing on Twitter, ITV News Royal Editor Chris Ship said: “BREAKING: Buckingham Palace has just announced the Queen will NOT be attending the Epsom Derby on Saturday. "It’s the second Platinum Jubilee event in a row that she has been forced to cancel because of her discomfort/mobility.” The Queen had a “lovely” time at Thursday's Platinum Jubilee celebrations but found the day “very tiring”, the Duchess of Cambridge is said to have told an attendee at a Guildhall reception. 