Manchester United must pay £60million if they want to land Antony from Ajax this summer and the Brazilian's steep valuation leaves plenty to ponder. The Red Devils are keen on bringing the 22-year-old to Old Trafford but the deal is by no means straightforward due to the asking price being brandished about by the Dutch giants. United are seemingly prepared to pay £40m for Antony while Ajax would request an additional £20m on top of that figure in order to sanction a sale. It poses questions marks as to whether the investment would be worthwhile, given that there are several other areas of United's squad that are in desperate need of a revamp. Antony is only of huge interest because of Mason Greenwood's uncertain future. United would not be seeking to recruit a left-footed, right forward if he was available. Instead, they've been forced to consider their attacking options and it looks like Antony is a primary target in a wake-up call for Marcus Rashford and Antony Martial. READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings However, there are two other Ajax players that would potentially be of greater use to Erik ten Hag - as we speak - given the glaring flaws within United's current squad. Centre-back and defensive midfield should be of higher priority and Lisandro Martinez is another name on United's radar. He is of course a top target for Arsenal too, who are looking to bring him to the Emirates Stadium to play at the heart of Mikel Arteta's defence. Yet he could be the perfect signing to keep Harry Maguire on his toes, while he is also capable of providing cover at left-back. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Arsenal saw a bid in the region of £25m rejected by an offer of £35m could be enough for United to steal a march on their rivals. Martinez was the beating heartbeat of Ten Hag's back line and it would be a signing that makes so much sense. The Red Devils need to tighten up defensively and Martinez is getting better with every match that goes by. He has the grit and determination to help transform United's defensive record. Furthermore, United still need at least two new central midfielders as work continues on a deal for Frenkie de Jong. DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer The Barcelona maestro remains United's top target but in defensive midfield, Ten Hag is in need of a new anchor in the mould of Nemanja Matic. Edson Alvarez was a disciple of Ten Hag during their time together at Ajax, who would be prepared to sell the Mexican for just £25m. Together with Martinez, the pair would represent the perfect investments given that they genuinely bolster United's core. In recent times, United have proved to be a soft touch in midfield and Fred and Scott McTominay have failed to get hold of matches. Alvarez could provide United with a rough edge, one that allows them to get control of matches and win ugly. He may not be the sexy signing that United supporters carve but he is certainly one that would improve the team at great value. Just like Martinez.