The latest BMW M model has been revealed at the Goodwood Festival of Speed. The Duke of Richmond took to the stage to introduce the car before the eagerly anticipated unveiling. The new M3 takes “the combination of racing-oriented performance and everyday practicality to the extreme”. After the unveiling, the Duke was the first person to drive the vehicle up the famous hill climb. The Duke was asked afterwards whether he liked the car. Speaking at the top of the hill, he said: “Great, I mean fabulous to launch it and fabulous to be the first person to drive up the hill. READ MORE: Electric car aiming to go from 0 to 60mph in under 1.5 seconds “I loved it. Really good. The gearbox was wonderful. “Going up and down the gears sounded like I was doing perfect shifts all the way up.” The Duke also referred to the difficult road conditions due to the constant rain circulating Goodwood. He said: “We started off a bit slow, but better to be safe than silly. DON'T MISS BMW fans to get first glimpse of new M3 Touring at Goodwood today [REVEAL] How to watch Goodwood Festival of Speed 2022 [INSIGHT] McLaren's 'lighter' race car Artura GT4 to make debut at Goodwood [REVEAL] “Lovely coming up further up a hill. I think it’s going to be a great car.” The Duke also revealed that he is looking forward to several things over the next four days. He said: “Gosh, there are lots. “Obviously big motorcycle presence this year. It’s going to be fantastic to see Wayne [Rainey] on his bike with all his mates taking the bikes up the hill. “Great to have Nigel [Mansell] here, big anniversary. “I mean so many great drivers, riders, cars we haven’t seen before. “Lots of launches, new cars being seen for the first time. “And I think it’s the greatest mix of vehicles we’ve ever had probably. “Quite a few flying ones so it should be good. “ And, the Duke is quite right in saying that there are plenty of features that motoring enthusiasts can enjoy. One of them is the Electric Avenue. This will include well-known hatchbacks as well as electric supercars. Spectators will also be able to enjoy a number of interactive features. The exhibition will show off all the latest EVs as well as those that will be launched in the future. Experts will also be available at hand to answer any burning questions about the state of electric motoring. Announcing the initiative, the Duke of Richmond said: “The Festival of Speed has always taken a defining position on cutting-edge technology and the future of mobility, and we have long championed electric, connected and autonomous vehicles. I am delighted that ‘Electric Avenue - The Road to 2030’ presented by Sky Zero will enable visitors to explore the future of mobility for themselves. “I am also immensely grateful to Sky Zero for joining us in this new venture and to our automotive partners for their continued support of the Festival of Speed.”