Camille Vasquez, 37, has spoken out about rumours that the pair were involved in a romance. It comes as the lawyer defended Johnny Depp during his defamation trial against his ex-wife Amber Heard. The lawyer, who successfully defended Johnny during the trial, said she is sick and tired of romance claims, and explained it “comes with the territory of a woman carrying out her job”. Camille said such accusations were “sexist”, saying it wasn’t ethical to date clients. She added she was “very happy” in her relationship with her boyfriend. "It's disappointing that certain outlets kind of ran with it or said that my interactions with Johnny - who is a friend who I've known and represented for four-and-a-half years now - that my interactions in any way were inappropriate or unprofessional. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee “That's disappointing to hear," she told People yesterday. The Californian advocate was cast into the spotlight during her defence of Johnny, nearly becoming a star due to her direct style in the courtroom. As a result of her efforts in the trial, she has been elevated to partner at her firm Brown Rudnick. Photos of the attorney hugging Depp following the win haven’t done much to put aside those rumours, but she explains she cares “very deeply” about her clients. She added that she was “Cuban” so she hugs “everyone”. Camille continued, saying she was “heartbroken for Johnny”. She said it was hard to hear the “horrific” allegations made against him. The attorney said it was important for her to offer as much comfort to him as possible, whether that was “holding his hand” or letting him know she was there for him. DONT MISS:Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) She added she felt he “deserved” the care. Meanwhile, a clip of Camille has gone viral on TikTok and has amassed a staggering 38 million views in two weeks. The 2 minute long clip saw the lawyer shut down Amber’s defence with the word “objection”. Following the trial's conclusion Amber’s team claimed the jury was unfairly influenced by the support for Johnny on social media platforms such as TikTok. The lawyer’s colleague Ben Chew, however, shut down such claims saying it "played no role whatsoever”. He added the jury reached the verdict purely based on the evidence presented by both sides. And Camille chimed in on the matter herself saying the #MeToo movement was ignored by the verdict in Johnny's favour. She said: "We encourage any victim to come forward. Domestic violence doesn't have a gender. "The facts are what they were. The jury made a unanimous decision based on those facts."