During the latest episode of Sunday Brunch, Channel 4 hosts Simon Rimmer and Tom Lovejoy welcomed Joe Marler, Lisa McGrillis, Strictly Come Dancing's Craig Revel Horwood and Geoff Norcott onto the show. As the guests got to sample some of Simon's dishes, Tom grilled the panel on their latest projects. However, it didn't take long for Simon to bring up his stint on Strictly, and how Craig gave him harsh feedback. "People say you're the nasty judge," Tim began before adding: "Aren't you just the honest judge?" "There is not a nasty bone in my body," Craig replied defending his comments on the show. "As all of your lovely guests have discovered this morning. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? "No, I am just really honest about what I see. I don't pre-plan anything." Speaking about his criticism of Simon when he appeared on Strictly, the judge continued: "Simon delivered a one-minute 30 routine, I had to comment on it. "Sometimes it goes well, sometimes it doesn't. But if you notice, if I am handing out eights, nines and 10s, it's generally quite positive with only one thing that they may be able to improve. So, I am I think quite fair." Turning his attention to the judging panel, Tim joked: "It's your anniversary this year, isn't it? "You've seen off all the judges, haven't you? You're the only one left, the original judge." Poking fun at his co-stars Shirley Ballas, Anton du Beke and Motis Mabuse, Craig said: "And I still look the youngest on the panel. "It's amazing, isn't it? Science, darlings, science. No, it is amazing really I have had such a great run." Addressing his future on the show, the judge said: "I absolutely love it, I couldn't give it up and people say, 'Are you sick of it or anything like that, doesn't it get boring?' "And I say, 'Well, absolutely not' because it's a completely different cast every year, who have completely different sets of skills and come from completely different walks of life." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [SPOILERS]BBC Breakfast host pokes fun at Owain Wyn Evans' appearance [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [REACTION] "You get a rugby player for instance," Craig added as Tim probed Joe on whether he would take part in Strictly. However, the guest was quick to shut the host down, saying: "Absolutely not." Strictly will make a return later this year, and will see a new batch of celebrities taking to the dancefloor. Anton du Beke will also be back to sit alongside Craig after it was confirmed he would be replacing Bruno Tonioli. Last year, Bruno was unable to join his fellow regular judges after pandemic travel restrictions meant he was unable to fly back from LA. However, this year, Bruno won't be taking his usual seat on the panel as he is featuring on Dancing with the Stars in the US. In another recent interview, Craig said about Anton: "I am so pleased now that he is a judge, finally. "There are only so many years you can be front-row dancing, then the second row, then the third and fourth." Sunday Brunch airs on Sunday at 9,30am on Channel 4. 