Justin Bieber, 28, has shared a three-minute clip on Instagram explaining his temporary facial paralysis. It means that Justin’s right eye is unable to blink and the right side of his face is unable to move.  He revealed that he feared struggling to eat after he revealed the diagnosis was Ramsay Hunt syndrome - a rare neurological disorder characterizsed by paralysis of the facial nerve (facial palsy) and a rash affecting the ear or mouth.  Justin shared the post with his 539.2 million followers.  The reveal came days after the pop star was forced to cancel dates on his Justice World Tour and has asked fans to pray for him.  He shared the clip explaining the diagnosis which is a complication of shingles that can lead to facial paralysis. READ MORE: Patriotic Kate Moss, 48, wears Union Jack ensemble for Jubilee The star said in the clip: “Hey everyone Justin here, I wanted to update you guys on what's been going on. “Obviously as you can probably see with my face. “I have this syndrome called Ramsay Hunt syndrome. “It is from this virus that attacks the nerves in my ear and my facial nerves and has caused my face to have paralysis.”  Later, in another update on his Instagram story, he wrote: “Been getting progressively harder to eat which has been extremely frustrating, please pray for me [tearing up emoji].”  On Tuesday, Justin revealed he would be postponing the next few shows of his 130-date Justice Would Tour due to a “non-Covid related illness”.  He said at the time he had done “everything to get better” but that his sickness is getting worse."  The pop singer concluded by saying that his “heart breaks” at having to postpone the next few shows. DONT MISS: Eamonn Holmes reacts to praise over 'chemistry' with GB News co-host (PHOTOS)Amanda Holden, 50, dares to go braless in dress on chilly London day (NEWS)David Beckham sends alluring message to wife Victoria while topless (LATEST) But he added he was going to “rest and get better”. In the clip posted on Friday, Justin showed the devastating effects of his diagnosis. He showed how his eye wasn't blinking, can't smile, and his nostrils don’t move at all on the right side of his face. According to FacialPalsy.org.uk, if antiviral treatment is given within 72 hours of developing symptoms, roughly 70 per cent of people will experience a full recovery. If damage to the nerve is mild then recovery should take place within a few weeks. It has been a difficult time for Justin and his family, as his wife Hailey was hospitalised in March for a blood clot in her brain which gave her stroke-like symptoms. It was reported at the time that the star would not leave his 25-year-old'a side during her painful ordeal. Sources told People in March, Justin “is probably more traumatised than even she is".