Anyone who suspected Nick Kyrgios may have given up his loudmouth ways will have left disappointed with his showing against Paul Jubb in the first round of Wimbledon. The tennis firebrand appeared riled early on Tuesday after falling a set behind in his first match of the London Grand Slam. Kyrgios, 27, could be heard calling one line judge a "snitch" and insisted the official 'had no fans,' adding that "not one person" had come to "see her do anything." One fan reacted on Twitter by calling the player an "absolute muppet," while another said "this is why Kyrgios will never win anything of note." The Australian would contend that can't be true considering he lifted the Australian Open men's doubles crown alongside Thanasi Kokkinakis earlier this year. There was a growing belief the Canberra had curbed his controversial ways in recent times, though that appeared to not be the case as he caused a stir on Court 3. As well as criticising the female line judge for doing her job, Kyrgios also aired his frustrations by smashing a ball out of the court after losing his serve in the first set. He also suggested umpire Marija Cicak should remove certain spectators after he heard "racial slurs" coming from the crowd. READ MORE Wimbledon Covid chaos deepens as Rafael Nadal picture emerges after two stars withdraw It's unknown what comments were made to send Kyrgios into a fit of rage, though many fans were unimpressed by the constant comments. One viewer said such antics were "excusable and somewhat entertaining" when the player was a teenager but called the actions "embarrassing" now he's 27. Kyrgios was also called an "obnoxious bully" for his lashing out against the line judge. "What a horrid thing to say about someone just doing their job," said another Twitter user. "I hope he apologies (sic) to her." DON'T MISS Venus Williams requests last minute Wimbledon wildcard to team up with Jamie Murray Andy Murray 'strange' and 'shocking' tactic called out by Tim Henman at Wimbledon Emma Raducanu's opponent fires Wimbledon crowd warning as Brits set to back home favourite    After venturing to the Wimbledon quarter-finals in his 2014 debut, Kyrgios has failed to advance beyond the fourth round in his last six appearances at SW19. He may struggle to improve upon that record this year given his struggles at the first hurdle. Tuesday's encounter between him and world No. 219 Jubb was their first on any surface, but the pair didn't fail to entertain as the produced a five-set thriller. The winner will advance to face either Filip Krajinovic or Jiri Lehecka in the next round. 