Camilla, 74, is a stepmother to Princes William and Harry and step-grandmother to their respective children. However, the Duchess of Cornwall also has two of her own children and five biological grandchildren. Camilla previously outlined how she helped her children excel in their education.  Speaking via video call for her online Reading Room group, Camilla explained that she believes it's "very much a parent's job" to get their children into reading from an early age. She said: "The earlier you can learn, the better. “I think that's very much a parent's job, to get children reading very young by reading to them, because however young you are, you absorb stories. "The more stories you absorb, the more interested you’re going to be in the future." This helps explain how Camilla raised her children, Tom Parker Bowles, now 47, and Laura Lopes, now 44. The Duchess is also stepmother to Prince William and Prince Harry. Therefore, it is quite possible that she has instilled her passion for reading into the lives of her grandchildren who live in the UK, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. Camilla recently opened up in Vogue about being competitive with her grandchildren.  She said: “I do Wordle every day with my granddaughter. She’ll text me to say, ‘I’ve done it in three’, and I say, ‘Sorry, I’ve done it in two today.’ “It’s very satisfactory when it tells you how brilliant you are,” Camilla added. The Duchess’ biological grandchildren are aged 12 to 14. Camilla commented: “You know the nice thing about being a grandmother is that you can spoil them occasionally, give them more of the things that their parents forbid them to have.  READ MORE: Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral “One’s at a school very near my house, so when I am in Wiltshire and her parents are away, I can nip over and pick her up and take her home. “The girls are beginning to get into clothes and make-up and, you know, it’s rather frightening when you see them, coming out with pierced ears and a lot of new make-up and funny-coloured hair and stuff.” The eldest of Camilla's grandchildren, Lola is the daughter of Camilla's son, Tom and his ex-wife, Sara Parker Bowles. She was born in 2007. Born the year after Lola, Eliza is Camilla's only other granddaughter.  Aged 14, she is the daughter of Camilla's daughter Laura and her husband Harry Lopes.