Snowflake Mountain debuted on Netflix earlier this month and saw a group of so-called kidults from both America and the UK going on a survival retreat. They were sent into the wilderness as a last resort by their parents in the hopes they may come out as better people and stand on their own two feet. One lucky person bagged $50,000 for showing they had changed the most and really wanted to leave behind their previous pampered lifestyle. The youngsters all thought they were going on a show about partying, little did they know their parents had packed them off on a survival course. Accordingly, many of them hadn’t prepared or packed for the harsh weather conditions or terrain. In the trailer, the youngsters are seen traipsing through the countryside and struggling through the trees and uphills. One of the kidults says: “I feel like I’m on a f***ing pilgrimage” as he tries to make it up a steep incline. READ MORE: Snowflake Mountain cast: Who is in the cast? The teaser also featured sweeping shots of forests and lakes with the group forced to live outside and fend for themselves against the elements. For those wondering if Snowflake Mountain is a real place, the answer is sadly no. Snowflake Mountain was filmed in the UK, specifically in the Lake District in Cumbria in various locations. Netflix confirmed exclusively to Express.co.uk Snowflake Mountain was shot near Lake Windermere at the end of May and into early June 2021. Filming occurred on private land and was in the middle of nowhere with no towns close by and only a scattering of small villages for miles around. The Lake District area has played host to numerous films and television shows in the past, such as 28 Days Later, Miss Potter, Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and Snow White and the Huntsman, to name but a handful. The Lake District National Park is the largest national park in England and has become a World Heritage Site. The location is also the most visited national park in England with 16.4 million tourists annually. Not only is it home to Scafell Pike, the highest mountain in England, but also the deepest lake of Wastwater. Speaking about taking part on the show, contestant Liam said he and his fellow kidults thought they were taking part in a show called ‘Living Your Best Life’. He said: "I've never been to Cumbria or the Lake District before, I’m really not an outdoorsy person, they just dropped us and drove off, we all stood there thinking, ‘Where's the villa?’.” The contestant said: “When I first arrived, I (was) a bit like 'Why am I here, I don't need to be here!’.” DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [VIEWER REACTION]Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret [ANALYSIS]A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find [VIDEO] Liam admitted he needed a “reality check” after living at home and working in a job he didn’t really enjoy. However, he revealed to BBC Radio Cumbria how Snowflake Mountain had had a transformative effect on his life. He is now living in his own apartment in Manchester working for a global fashion brand. Liam described Snowflake Mountain as the “kick” he needed to help him move forward with his life and give him a fresh start. Snowflake Mountain is streaming on Netflix now