Russian television presenter Vladimir Soloviev openly called for an attack on the NATO member state, accusing them of being "Nazis". Mr Soloviev spoke with a guest on his show, Alexander Sosnowski. Speaking about NATO's response to the war in Ukraine, Mr Sosnowski said "any army that is part of NATO is opening all of their storehouses, throwing everything they have on the frontlines", citing the German army, the Bundeswehr, as an example. Mr Soloviev responded: "Then it would make sense for us to open another front and drop the hammer on defenceless Germany." He added: "To make sure that those Nazis have no illusions." Russia has said that its invasion of Ukraine is concerned with the de-Nazification of the country, a claim which has been widely debunked. Western allies have increasingly been supplying Ukraine with weapons to support its defence against the Russian invasion. In March, Mr Wallace announced the UK would provide Starstreak, a high-velocity anti-aircraft missile system, and more than 4,000 anti-tank missiles to the Ukrainian armed forces. Previously, 2,000 Anglo-Swedish Next-generation Light Anti-tank Weapons (NLAWs) were sent from the UK to Ukraine. NLAWs have been crucial in the country's defence of major cities such as Kyiv and Kharkiv. Other Western countries have also been supplying Ukraine with weapons, such as 300 Javelin anti-tank missiles sent by Washington as part of a $350million package to support Ukraine’s defence. The missiles, which cost $80,000 per unit, have been nicknamed Saint Javelin due to their effectiveness. The Netherlands sent 200 Stinger air defence rockets and 50 "Panzerfaust 3" anti-tank weapons with 400 rockets. Meanwhile, Germany pledged 1,000 anti-tank munitions and 500 Stinger missiles. Mr Soloviev's comments come just one day after German president Olaf Scholz visited Ukraine in a show of solidarity. DON'T MISS: Putin's panic as terrifying new Panther tank unleashed [INSIGHT] 'Hypochondriac' Putin 'obsessed with Botox' for bloated face [REVEAL]Chilling war warning as China threatens to 'crush' Taiwan independence [REPORT] He visited the country alongside French President Emmanuel Macron and Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi. They arrived in Kyiv yesterday morning, after taking an overnight train which stopped at key sites in Ukraine's resistance, such as Kyiv suburb Irpin. At a joint press conference with the European leaders, Mr Scholz said: "My colleagues and I came here to Kyiv today with a clear message: 'Ukraine belongs to the European family.'" Mr Zelensky thanked the West for their support but noted delays in the delivery of weapons to the country. He said: "We appreciate the support already provided by partners, we expect new deliveries, primarily heavy weapons, modern rocket artillery, anti-missile defence systems. "Every day of delay or delayed decisions is an opportunity for the Russian military to kill Ukrainians or destroy our cities. "There is a direct correlation: the more powerful weapons we get, the faster we can liberate our people, our land." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.