Eugenie was pictured in the short blue dress alongside designer Edward Roberts during a visit to view the Queen's Jubilee emblem display at the V&A Museum. Mr Roberts was the winner of the emblem design competition, held at the gallery in honour of the Queen's Jubilee. His winning Jubilee emblem design was showcased alongside nine other shortlisted entries. Mr Roberts, a 19-year-old student from Nottinghamshire, said it was a "pleasure" to see his design on display. The platinum and purple logo features a stylised crown and the number 70 on a round background similar to a royal seal. The continuous line drawing symbolises the Queen's long reign.  The graphic design student said: "I wanted the design to be scalable and I'm glad it carries itself when on a chocolate bar, all the way to the size of a London bus. "The most unexpected item I have seen the emblem applied to is the coins which will be used for the Wimbledon singles finals coin tosses. "Being a tennis fan myself, it was lovely. "To see my design used throughout the country, and further afield, is a pleasure. "The competition has brought with it exciting opportunities, and I feel privileged that my work has received such a warm reception." Princess Eugenie's appearance at the V&A museum comes ahead of the four day Jubilee celebrations this weekend. Earlier today, the princess paid an emotional tribute to her grandmother the Queen on the eve of the milestone. In the comment piece entitled 'My pride in Grannie', Eugenie described the monarch as a "constant rock" and an "incomparable monarch". Writing for The Spectator magazine, Princess Eugenie said: "I have given my life to my special little family and hope to impart even an inch of the values my grandmother has lived her life by. "I think about my son August and what I’d like for him, what kind of world I’d like him to grow up in. "And I think of my grannie and what she has stood for, for so many people and for our family during these 70 years. "I’d love Augie to have her patience, her calmness and her kindness, while always being able to laugh at himself and keep a twinkle in his eye." The Jubilee celebrations are taking place from June 2 to June 5, kicking off with Trooping the Colour tomorrow morning. However, Princess Eugenie will be absent from the Buckingham Palace balcony, as the appearance has been limited to working royals.