Mr Calder explained why there was so much travel chaos currently in the UK. The British travel expert predicted more chaos for British holidaymakers, due to high demand and lack of holidays on offer to meet that demand. Mr Calder discussed why it may be difficult to travel during peak times this year, as many families are trying to go on holiday during the school holidays.  British travellers have been facing holiday cancellations and flight delays for the past few weeks, as UK airports and travel companies, face one of the busiest times since the global pandemic. Mr Calder told GB News: "However if you're planning to go away, peak summer, there are going to be fewer holidays around than the demand for them. "Is my strong prediction, that's if you're travelling through the school holidays. "So you might want to book now, but otherwise I've been very last minute for the whole of the Covid crisis. "And if you don't have to travel during the school holidays then, I'd probably relax for now and see what's happening even in June, which is going to be a great month for travelling or in September." JUST IN: Platinum Jubilee flypast aircraft: Every plane you could spot from Typhoons to Spitfires     Due to travel delays and ongoing chaos, some travel companies are expected to pay travellers compensation. The travel delays have caused some travellers to be stranded for up to ten hours at a time, at UK airports. Thousands of holiday companies have axed flights even as late as an hour before take-off. Travel experts have confirmed that this is the busiest time for airport travel since 2019, as many families have not been out of the country since, pre-pandemic March 2020. READ MORE: Sky News host rages at Australia PM demanding Queen ousted 'Should be grateful!'     A travel commentator, Nick Trend claimed that some of the delays were exacerbated by disorganised travellers.  Airport chaos and travel delays have also had some travel experts calling for a Government response, and extra support to help tackle the problem some Britons are currently facing when trying to leave the country for their holidays. Editor of Which? Travel,  Rory Boland said: “Unacceptably long queues and widespread chaos at airports are causing huge amounts of stress to those who have planned to get away this half-term and bank holiday weekend. “The situation requires an immediate response and the Government must work with airlines and airports to ensure they have the resources and capacity to put an end to the last-minute flight cancellations and disruption we are seeing. “When their flight is cancelled, all most passengers want is to be put on another plane and taken to their destination. The Civil Aviation Authority should remind airlines of their duty to offer passengers the option of rebooking on any reasonable route as quickly as possible – even if that means using other carriers. Too often this legal requirement is not met. “The fiasco of domestic and international flight cancellations shows why consumer travel protections must be strengthened, not weakened.” 