Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel has reportedly given new owner Todd Boehly a list of five attackers he wants to replace outgoing flop Romelu Lukaku this summer - with Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski being labelled as his 'dream signing'. Tuchel is set to lose the Belgian on a loan deal to Inter Milan after a paltry second debut season at Stamford Bridge. Having paid £97.5million for Lukaku a year ago, the Blues are allowing him to go on a one-year loan deal back to the San Siro for a fee of around £8m. The west London outfit must now source a replacement which may come in the form of their usual links such as Raheem Sterling, Richarlison or Ousmane Dembele. But according to the Guardian the club have shortlisted wantaway Bayern star Lewandowski to lead the line, with Tuchel telling club chiefs he would be a 'dream signing'. The report states that a lack of ruthless finishing under Tuchel has been an issue, calling for the club to take action. Sterling is a top target with his superb output and familiarity with the Premier League, although it is yet to be seen whether a deal can be done for the 27-year-old. JUST IN: Liverpool 'pass' on three Premier League stars despite 'easy' deals Dembele, Richarlison and RB Leipzig star Christopher Nkunku have also been linked, yet Tuchel's dream would be Lewandowski - who has not hidden his desire to leave Bayern Munich this summer. The Polish icon has been linked with a move to Barcelona this summer, which may hinder Chelsea's bid for him. But with Tuchel making him a key target alongside Barcelona's uncertain financial future, the Blues could make a move for his services. Lewandowski has 110 goals in his last 94 Bundesliga matches, an unrivalled record which has seen him become one of the world's best strikers this century. The report further goes on to state that if he doesn't sign for Tuchel's men, the German could well operate with Kai Havertz as a false nine and sign more 'nimble' players in order to make up for the Lukaku situation. But if Chelsea do secure Lewandowski's signature, they could well go on to give Manchester City and Liverpool a run for their money after the signings of Erling Haaland and Darwin Nunez. READ MORE: Man Utd request granted as Dean Henderson transfer agreement reached The publication also suggests they are aiming to attract offers for Christian Pulisic, Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech who have all shown signs of inconsistency at Stamford Bridge. The German forward failed to impress and was replaced by Lukaku, meaning Chelsea have not had a prolific goalscorer for over two years. Meanwhile, Ziyech and Pulisic - less so the latter - have failed to adapt to the English game.