Liverpool have apparently reached an agreement with Bayern Munich to sell Sadio Mane to the Bundesliga club. The Reds were holding out for a strong fee for the prolific forward but Bayern are reportedly set to pay a bargain fee of less than £34m. Mane has been expected to leave Anfield this summer after six years at the club. The 30-year-old had informed the Anfield hierarchy that he did not want to extend his contract before its current end date in 2023. That left Liverpool needing to sell the Senegal international before he became a free agent next summer. The Premier League runners-up were keen to receive a fee for a player who has been so key to their success under Jurgen Klopp. Bayern are the only club who have been strongly linked with a move for the striker, who joined Liverpool from Southampton in 2016. The perennial Bundesliga champions are completing a rebuild this summer and Mane is widely expected to replace legendary forward Robert Lewandowski, who is reportedly wanted by Barcelona and Paris Saint Germain. JUST IN: Man Utd urged to beat Chelsea to transfers after Darwin Nunez miss The two clubs have been haggling over a fee for Mane, with Liverpool reportedly telling Bayern that a previous bid including near-impossible bonuses was derisory. But according to Sky in Germany, a deal under £34m has now been agreed. It was a deal that always seemed likely to happen after Liverpool confirmed the signing of Darwin Nunez from Benfica. The Uruguayan will likely become the club's record signing once add-ons are met, with a total fee of around £85m being paid to the Portuguese club. Mane's impending departure will bring to an end an incredibly successful career at Liverpool. Mane scored 120 goals in 269 appearances and won a Premier League, the Champions League, an FA Cup and the EFL Cup. DON'T MISS...Tottenham urged to make three signings but Richarlison warnedFabio Vieira off to perfect start with Arsenal fansLeeds United's Raphinha 'open to everything' as Arsenal show interest Mane developed an excellent strike partnership with fellow Kop favourite Mohamed Salah. The pair scored a combined 54 goals across all competitions last term, with Salah sharing the Premier League golden boot with Tottenham's Son Heung-min. But the Egyptian's own future is in doubt, too. Like Mane, Salah's contract expires in the summer of 2023 and talks over renewed terms have stalled. Contrary to his team-mate, though, Salah has at least been keen to enter negotiations with Liverpool over extending his stay. However, it is understood that there remains some distance between the player's demands and those of the club. Salah insisted prior to Liverpool's Champions League final defeat by Real Madrid that he will remain at Anfield for the forthcoming season. That could leave Liverpool risking losing their star player for free next summer. 