Britain's Got Talent 2022 has been airing on ITV and the latest series culminated in a spectacular finale tonight. A total of 10 acts, along with the judges' wildcard, took to the stage one last time. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who took the crown. Two acts from each semi-final throughout the week were awarded a place in tonight's show. They were all in with a chance of winning a £250,000 cash prize, plus a place at this year's Royal Variety Performance. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly announced the judges had chosen Amber and The Dancing Collies to return as their wildcard. She was joined by Maxwell Thorpe, Jamie Leahey, Aneeshwar Kunchala, 5 Star Boys, Tom Ball, Eva Abley, Axel Blake, Ben Nickless, Flintz & T4ylor and Loren Allred. At the end of the two-and-a-half-hour-long show, Axel Blake was named the BGT winner of 2022. READ MORE: GB News: Anne Diamond forced to shut down guest over Diana comment The final three included Jamie Leahey and Chuck, Tom Ball and Axel Blake. Third place went to singer Tom, with Jamie in second place and Axel taking the crown. After his win, Axel said: "Words can't even explain, I'm shaking, thank you, everyone, for voting for me. "It means the world to me, thank you everyone at home, I can't believe it." As he was Simon Cowell's golden buzzer act, Simon got up on stage to hug Axel. After his performance, Simon said he was "feeling emotional" for the comedian.  Jamie Leahey, the ventriloquist, was up first and he said if he won the money he would buy more friends for his puppet Chuck and they would tour the world. He sang a rendition of It Takes Two to open his hilarious number, in which he threw shade at the judges and hosts. The young star got a standing ovation from all four judges, with Amanda Holden saying it "reduced her to tears". Amber and the Dancing Collies were up next and Amber said it had always been her biggest dream to have such a platform. She said: "When we found out we were the wildcard I couldn't believe it, we are really thankful." Simon Cowell said he "got an earful from [his] son" for not putting the act through in the first place. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!' [DISCUSSION] Coronation Street fans baffled as actor's BGT audition gets 'axed' [INSIGHT] 'Politics getting in the way' BGT viewers slam judges' semi-final vote [DISCUSSION] The 5 Star Boys were third to take to the stage and they received a standing ovation from the judges for their emotional dance. Musical duo Flintz & Taylor then performed and left the judges in tears after they forgot the lyrics to their song. Alesha Dixon assured them they should be "proud" of their performance, with Simon saying it was their best song yet. He assured them: "Who gives a s**t if you forget the lyrics?" Aneeshwar, seven, was next in line and although he stumbled over his words, he showed just as much passion as always. Eva Abley then left the judges in stitches with her stand-up comedy act, with Simon saying she had the talent to win. She was followed by singer Tom Ball and Amanda Holden was blown away, she said: "I am just dead Mr Ball, that was an unbelievable and unforgettable performance". Comedian Ben Nickless impressed the audience with his record number of hilarious impressions. Loren Allred then took to the stage and she has been at the heart of a 'fix' row with viewers claiming she already has a platform as a professional singer. However, Amanda praised her for her "heart, soul and passion", adding: "I can sense how much it meant to you." Last up was busker Maxwell Thorpe, with David Walliams saying he would be a "worthy winner" of the show. Britain's Got Talent is available to watch on the ITV Hub.