The Duchess wholeheartedly praised the 54 existing children's hospices scattered across the UK for helping youngsters with life-threatening illnesses and their parents not to face a difficult time alone. In a statement shared today, Kate looked back to the past decade in which she has been supporting hospices dedicated to children, and said to have been "privileged" to see just how incredible the work done there is. In a message bearing her monogram, Kate wrote: "For any parent, coming to terms with the news your child has a life-threatening condition and may die young is heart-breaking and incredibly frightening. "Families can often feel isolated, but having the support of a children’s hospice means they don’t have to face that future alone. "Every day, the UK’s 54 children’s hospices are a vital lifeline for families caring for a seriously ill child, and over the last 10 years I have been privileged to see first-hand the incredible work they do. "This year, the theme for Children’s Hospice Week is ‘For the Children’, reminding us all that as well as providing expert care, children’s hospices bring joy, fun and play to brighten each day and help families make the most of their lives together, no matter how short." Kate ended her heartfelt message by calling on Britons to celebrate children's hospice and the work they do. She said: “This Children’s Hospice Week, I hope you’ll join me in celebrating the extraordinary work they do and thank them for the life-changing care and support they provide to children and families going through the toughest of times." The Duchess's statement was shared during Children’s Hospice Week, running this year between June 20 and 26. The week celebrating children's hospices in the UK has been led by Together for Short Lives, an umbrella charity for children's palliative care. READ MORE: '2 for price of 1' Kate Middleton and mum Carole are like 'sisters' East Anglia’s Children’s Hospices (EACH) is among these organisations, and is particularly close to Kate's heart as she has been its patron since 2012. EACH, which supports young people with life-threatening conditions and their parents and carers across Cambridgeshire, Norfolk, Suffolk and Essex and has been visited by Kate several times over the past decade. In March 2012, Kate delivered her first major speech as a working royal to officially launch The Treehouse in Ipswich, a space dedicated to families who use the hospice in the town. Most recently, Kate cut the ribbon of a new EACH's hospice in Norfolk, The Nook, in 2019 after having attended the launch of a fundraising appeal in 2014. In June 2020, she returned to The Nook to meet families assisted by EACH and help plant flowers for a new terrace area in the facility. Speaking about the importance of celebrating Children's Hospice Week and thanking the Duchess for her support to EACH, the hospice group's Chief Executive Phil Gormley said: "Children’s Hospice Week is a time to celebrate and raise awareness of the incredible work children’s hospices do for children and families facing the unimaginable. "It is an important week for our staff and volunteers, as well as the children, young people and families who need our care, and we very much appreciate and value The Duchess’s support. "In the last decade, she has been a wonderful Royal Patron. "Her interest and profile have projected our charity and the importance of children’s hospice services onto the national and international stage and it is appreciated by everyone at EACH. "For all involved, it is a huge privilege, as much now as in January 2012." Similarly, Andy Fletcher, CEO at Together for Short Lives, called Kate a "fantastic ambassador" for children suffering from life-threatening illnesses. He added: "The Duchess’s support for Children’s Hospice Week over many years has helped raise awareness, so more families understand the lifeline care hospices provide, and all they do to bring joy and fun to families’ lives – giving them the chance to be parents, not carers. "We join The Duchess in celebrating the lifeline care children’s hospices provide for families facing the unimaginable." The well-being of children has been one of the pillars of Kate's work since she joined the Royal Family. On top of supporting families facing the devastating loss of their young sons and daughters, the Duchess is also working to raise awareness of the major impact the first five years of life have on the development of children. Last summer, she launched the Centre for Early Childhood with the goal to "drive awareness of and action on the extraordinary impact of the early years, in order to transform society for generations to come".