The Duke of Cambridge was spotted with Big Issue seller Dave Martin on the big day after vowing to step up his campaign work to help tackle homelessness. Mr Martin took William under his wing earlier this month and showed him how to sell the Big Issue magazines that give an income to people who are homeless. The future King has followed in his mother, Princess Diana's footsteps who also gave her time to help the homeless. The father-of-three also plans to teach his children about homelessness in the same way his mother taught him and Harry as young children. The late princess took William to visit a shelter at just 11 years old.  William, who has previously argued that homelessness is a “solvable issue” and not just a fact of life, said the cost-of-living crisis could make things worse in Britain. Writing for the Big Issue, which he was featured on the cover, he wrote that homelessness is not “some entrenched phenomenon over which we have little power” and he fears it will get worse with the cost of living crisis. In the article which was published to mark his fortieth birthday, William wrote: "Homelessness is not an irrevocable fact of life. It is an issue that can be solved". Speaking about his plans for the future, he wrote: "In the years ahead, I hope to bring George, Charlotte and Louis to see the fantastic organisations doing inspiring work to support those most in need – just as my mother did for me". READ MORE: Prince William’s ex-flames: Where are they now?   Diana was a patron of youth homelessness charity Centrepoint and Prince William is continuing her legacy in a similar role as a patron of the charity. In 2009, the Duke even spent a night sleeping rough on the streets of London to raise awareness of the devastating problem, which in 2019, had had a 165 percent increase since the 2010 election. William told Mr Martin that he felt his birthday would be a good opportunity to highlight the issue, which is close to his heart. Big Issue creates a living for the homeless and has helped 105,000 vendors earn £144million since it launched in 1991. DON'T MISS: Prince William has undergone 'astonishing' change since marrying Kate [INSIGHT]Princess Diana in sweet nod of approval to Duke taking over throne [COMMENT]Harry savaged as William and Kate plot move to Windsor [ANALYSIS]   To mark William's big day, the Queen posted a candid snap of the smiling Duke with the caption: "As the second in line to the throne turns 40, learn more about His Royal Highness." The 96-year-old monarch followed this up with eight additional photos taken at various stages throughout her grandson's life - each with an insightful fact about the Duke. One photo showed a newborn William in the arms of his mother, Princess Diana. Prince William Arthur Philip Louis of Wales was born second in line to the throne at St Mary’s Hospital, Paddington, at 9.03pm on June 21 1982.