Moss can be an unsightly addition to the garden if it pops up unexpectedly on your patio or between paving slabs. However, according to experts, kitchen cupboard essential white vinegar could play a crucial role in eliminating it in "about an hour". White vinegar has numerous uses around the home and garden, with its high levels of acetic acid working to break down an array of bacteria and other build-you. This is also true when it comes to some weeds and moss. According to an expert from Harwood's Garden Supplies: "Vinegar is a relatively cheap and easy method to remove moss from pavers. READ MORE: 3 ‘natural scents’ to deter rats from your garden "The acetic acid in the vinegar can kill the moss on your pavers." For the best results, use white vinegar with a solution of about five percent. However, for a more potent option try a six percent cleaning vinegar solution. DON'T MISS‘A clear sign’ your bath mat needs washing - ‘convenient way’ to clean [COMMENT]Monty Don shares what plants to ‘prune now’ [INSIGHT]Lawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [EXPLAINER] There are some variations online as to how is best to use white vinegar for killing moss. Some experts recommend diluting the vinegar, especially if you are using the cleaning vinegar. However, for heavier breakouts of moss, others recommend directly applying vinegar. Before beginning, it is a good idea to test a small area of your patio or paving to determine which option works best for you. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The experts from Harwood's said: "After pouring the vinegar, let it sit for about an hour." Once the vinegar has had time to work its magic, use a firm brush to scrub the moss away from your paving stones. For tough build-ups of moss, use a shovel to dig it out. Once the process is complete, fill a bucket of clean water to rinse off any remaining moss. Alternatively, use a pressure washer or a garden hose.