Fresh off an appearance at the Xbox and Bethesda Showcase event, Blizzard has revealed even more information about upcoming dungeon-crawler Diablo 4. The awesome looking action game was given a 2023 release date on Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PS5, PS4 and PC. While an exact date wasn't confirmed, all games shown during the event are said to be coming in the next 12 months. This means a June launch at the latest. On the plus side, fans were given a much closer look at Diablo 4 gameplay, which is shaping up nicely. This includes a preview of the open-world, which contains more than 140 dungeons, as well as a host of random in-game events and boss encounters. Judging by the gameplay (above), players can explore the world on horseback. Elsewhere, Blizzard showcased the new Strongholds, which can be converted into friendly towns by clearing out enemies. "Diablo IV’s version of Sanctuary is massive, and every inch is rife with opportunity for adventure," Blizzard explains. "Character customisation in the game is richer and more extensive than ever, and players will be able to let their curiosity (and perhaps foolishness) guide them through over 140 dungeons and dozens of side quests in their pursuit of victory over Lilith’s forces . . . and ever-more-powerful gear. "Mighty world bosses pose added challenge throughout Sanctuary, encouraging players to team up with others they encounter on their journeys to defeat them and reap their treasures. "And for the first time, players can forever alter the world around them by conquering and converting corrupted Strongholds into friendly outposts." Building on the open-world theme, Diablo 4 won't contain a set path for players to follow, meaning players can explore in any order they choose. Blizzard also unveiled the final playable character class, the Necromancer. The new and improved Necromancer can use its Book of the Dead ability to summon undead warriors. "Players will be able to utilise the Necromancer’s Book of the Dead, an all-new ability for the class, allowing them to dominate the battlefield with deeper customisation of their undead army than ever before. "Fight with aggressive skeleton Warriors, fast-attacking Skirmishers, sword and board Defenders, or scythe-wielding Reapers. "Unleash a litany of spells with Skeleton Mages, imbuing them with shadow, cold, and sacrificial magics. Deploy tanking Bone Golems, health-stealing Blood Golems, and charging Iron Golems. Or sacrifice them all to absorb their power." In more great news, fans can sign up for Diablo 4 beta tests by pre-registering on the game's website.