Disability premiums are extra amounts of money added to Income Support, Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance (JSA), Income-related Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) and Housing Benefit. There are three types of disability premium for adults. There is disability premium, enhanced disability premium and severe disability premium. People can get more than one premium at a time. Britons can get the disability premium on its own but they might get the severe or enhanced disability premium as well if they’re eligible for them. However, if someone gets income-related Employment and Support Allowance (ESA), they cannot get the disability premium, but they may still qualify for the severe and enhanced premiums. READ MORE: ‘I’m horrified’ Woman devastated after losing her £40,000 inheritance in common scam What is PIP?Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a benefit for those over 16 and under state pension age, that can help with daily living costs and mobility needs as the result of a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition. It could be worth hundreds of pounds every month. The benefit is paid every four weeks so this amounts to between £97.80 and £627.60 every payment period. Britons don’t need to have worked or paid National Insurance to qualify for PIP. It isn’t means-tested so it doesn’t matter what someone’s income is, how much they have in savings, or whether they’re currently employed. People may be eligible if they need financial support due to how a health condition or disability affects them. PIP can also provide support for people with an ever-evolving list of 'hidden' conditions, including stress, anxiety and depression. As the cost of living crisis continues, claiming cash people are entitled to is more important than ever. Britons on Universal Credit or legacy benefits are urged to check if they can qualify for PIP as it can open up the door for much more financial help. To be eligible for PIP, people must have a health condition or disability where they have had difficulties with daily living or getting around (or both) for three months. It must also be expected that the these difficulties will last at least nine months.People usually need to have lived in the UK for at least two of the last three years and be in the country when you apply. PIP is made up of two components - daily living and mobility - whether someone gets one or both of these and how much depends on how severely this condition affects them. Britons will be paid the following amounts per week depending on their circumstances: Daily living Mobility Some people claiming Universal Credit or certain legacy benefits may be entitled to a disability premium, which will be automatically added to their means-tested benefit. On its website, the DWP explains: "Any money you get is added to your benefit payments automatically so you usually do not have to apply for a disability premium." For more information on disability premiums, people can go to the Government website.