Donny Osmond, 64, previously took to social media and shared an unearthed photo from the Royal Variety Performance held close to a decade ago. The Queen, who marked 70 years on the throne this weekend, is celebrating her Platinum Jubilee this bank holiday weekend. Donny took the opportunity to mark the Queen's milestone in a tribute post in April 2021. The Puppy Love musician shared a throwback photo following his performance with The Osmond brothers back in 2003. The singer and former teen idol recalled meeting Her Majesty in a fun throwback post. He performed for the Queen in 2003, as part of the Royal Variety Performance at the Edinburgh Festival Theatre. READ MORE: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction The late Prince Philip was also in attendance. The star-studded performance also included Luciano Pavarotti, Gloria Estefan and Cirque Du Soleil. Donny and his brothers got the opportunity to meet and shake hands with the Queen after the show. He shared the photo on his Instagram account on April 21, in honor of her birthday, and called it a “wonderful moment".  In view of his 219,000 followers, Donny penned: "What a wonderful moment it was meeting Queen Elizabeth II in 2003 after the Royal Variety Performance at the Edinburgh Festival Theatre in Scotland. "Sending her well wishes on her special day." Donny was inundated with messages, as fans flocked to comment on the post. Davies wrote: "I was there in the audience. Incredible night." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson reacts as EU flag flown amid Queen's Platinum Jubilee[LATEST]Hollyoaks' star Jorgie Porter goes topless for dip in swimming pool[PICTURES]Amanda Holden sparks viewer complaints as BGT star spills out of dress[TV] Savage Babe remarked: "@donnyosmond what a sweet memory to have and a true blessing that you met her." Schalkin commented: "She looks smitten with you. Can’t say I blame her though. I would be speechless. Just saying." Dippy gushed: "Look at her eye contact! The Osmond charm also affects royalty lolol."(sic) Cazz added: "Omg I adore this - what a wonderful photo. Thank you for sharing. My favourite people all together." This was not the first time Donny had been introduced to the Queen after the pop sensation met the royal in his younger years. In a candid snap taken in 1972, he and his brothers could be seen shaking hands with Her Majesty. The siblings met Her Majesty backstage after they performed at the Royal Gala Variety Performance in aid of the British Olympics Appeal Fund. The black and white photo showed a teenage Donny, who was all smiles when meeting the royal.