 A new survey of 2,000 UK drivers, found that more than three-quarters want the Government to fix potholes rather than building cycle lanes. Of the 2,000 drivers, 712 are also cyclists, with 71 percent of cyclists agreeing that more attention should be paid to potholes as opposed to cycle lanes.  Over nine in 10 drivers, who drive only, also think laws should apply equally to cyclists and drivers, including drink driving and speed limits. Over three-quarters of cyclists agree, according to the data from InsuretheGap. The survey also looked into the public opinion of electric bikes, a vehicle type which has become far more popular in recent years. Two thirds of drivers and 63 percent of cyclists think electric bikes need different laws to push bikes. READ MORE: Drivers told to use secret button to reduce fuel consumption  Both drivers (79 percent) and cyclists (66 percent) both think electric bikes should have an annual safety test, like an MOT. There was also a general consensus on the issue of bike helmets, with more than three-quarters of both drivers and cyclists agreeing that it should be made a legal requirement. Road tax was a more contentious issue, however, with 61 percent of drivers saying cyclists should pay some form of vehicle excise duty. Most cyclists disagreed, with only 45 percent supporting such a measure. DON'T MISSMotorists will be 'pleasantly surprised' when using hypermiling tricks [ADVICE]Hidden features in your car you never knew existed [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling hack to boost efficiency 25 percent [IMPORTANT]  Ben Wooltorton of InsuretheGap.com said: “Drivers and cyclists are often seen as road rivals, but actually many drivers are also cyclists, and just want the roads to be safe for all users. “Whilst more cycle lanes would be a dream for most cyclists, the need to improve the quality of roads is something which unites drivers and cyclists, as potholes are a serious risk for all road users.” With most drivers calling for pothole repairs to take priority over the development of new cycle lanes, new data has revealed the extent of road works in the UK. In the last year alone, nearly 20,000 miles of roads were affected by works last year.  The number of roads worked on across Great Britain increased 10 percent between 2019 and 2021. Over the past three years, an estimated 55,000 miles of road works have been carried out, with 17,600 miles of road in 2019. A Freedom of Information Act request to all local authorities across Great Britain found that over the past three years an estimated 55,000 miles of roadworks have been carried out. This accounts for over a fifth of the total 246,500 miles of paved roads in the UK.  Breakdown provider Green Flag, who commissioned the data, urged drivers to always check journeys for road closure and revised routes before travelling. Mark Newberry, Commercial Director at Green Flag, commented: “Investment in the highway network across Britain is vital for drivers so it’s good to see so much continues to be spent to maintain and improve roads. “Road works can be a serious nuisance though, especially if they are not known about or drivers come across them in during a journey and do not know an alternate route. “Anyone driving somewhere they are not familiar with should check their route before travelling for any road works or road closures which may affect their journey. “Drivers should also make sure they are always ready for a long journey before setting off as we know that many breakdowns are avoidable if proper care is taken before and during a trip.” The total investment into highways by central maintenance agencies reached £6.2billion in 2021, up 12 percent from £5.6billion in 2020. This was supplemented by an estimated £3billion in local council roads at an average of £7.4million per council over the course of 2021.