The passengers were confined to the TOM2106 flight from Manchester to Tenerife for a number of hours after days of airport chaos across the country. Frustrated traveller Adam Wyczalkowski, 22, described how a lack of staff available meant the police were required to "let us disembark". He described how the original boarding time was pushed back by over an hour, and there were delays loading the passengers' luggage onto the aircraft. He then recounted how issues around staff schedules meant travellers were told the flight could be at risk of cancellation. Mr Wyczalkowski painted a picture of "frustrated" and "angry" holiday-seekers who were trapped on the aircraft "with no air con". He told the Manchester Evening News: "The flight was meant to leave at 5.50pm, but we were late getting on board in the first place which was around 7pm.      "We were told the bags would need to be loaded by Swissport, but then we heard they had only half loaded them onto the aircraft. "Eventually they made another announcement that there had been no communication about us getting off the plane because there were no staff available to let us off. There are so many kids on here and families excited go away for half-term. "People are just getting so frustrated and angry. It is so hot and there is no air con on and we were only offered a complimentary drink." READ MORE: Oxford Street emergency: Londoners in rush hour panic  He continued: "There was not a single member of staff in sight, so the captain informed us they will be calling the police in order to let us disembark." A spokesperson for TUI said they wanted to "apologise to customers" who had booked onto the flight from Manchester to Tenerife. They said the flight's departure had been "unfortunately delayed due to operational issues". They added: "We were in contact with affected customers, offered overnight accommodation and meals where needed, and advised them of their new departure time as soon as we could." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Red-tape nightmare as Irish 'floury spud' shortage looms [LIVE] POLL: Will you 'spend to save' by replacing gas boiler with heat pump? [POLL] Sir Keir Starmer urges Brits to celebrate Queen's Platinum Jubilee [REPORT]  The travel and tourism company said the flight's departure had been rescheduled, and that this time of year means the industry deals with higher passenger numbers. They added: "The May half-term holidays are always an incredibly busy period with many customers looking to get away, and this year is no different. "We’d like to apologise again for the inconvenience caused and we thank customers for their understanding and patience during this time.” A statement from Swissport said: "While the return in flight volumes after the serious impact of the pandemic is undoubtedly a positive development, it is also exacerbating resource challenges across the aviation industry, including at Swissport, especially at a busy period of holiday travel.  "We are very sorry for our part in any delays and disruption passengers have experienced. "We’re doing everything we can to address our role in meeting our resource challenges, welcoming over 2,000 new colleagues since the start of the year, and we continue to work with our partners to identify contingency measures and improve baggage and aircraft turnaround times.” This comes after many of the country's most popular airlines cancelled a host of flights from UK airports, with scenes of chaos at Heathrow, Gatwick and Manchester airports. But Transport Secretary Grant Shapps insisted on Wednesday that the Government had "done its part" and supported the aviation industry through the pandemic. Mr Shapps said that "despite government warnings, operators seriously oversold flights and holidays relative to their capacity to deliver". But travel giants laid the blame for staff shortages sparking long delays at the Government's door, saying they were not properly supported throughout the pandemic. 