Gardeners are kept busy with their lawns during the summer months, with regular mowing and feeding. However, taking too much height off the lawn when mowing can result in patchy grass with brown and yellow spots. According to the RHS, the ‘key’ to a good lawn is to remove ‘little and often’. The month of June is often when the sun is out more and the weather is warm. This means the grass will grow a lot quicker and need regular mowing. The RHS explained: “Regularly mow lawns [in June] to keep them in shape. “Removing little and often is the key to a good quality sword. READ MORE: ‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value “Continue cutting lawn edges with a half-moon edging iron to ensure they are neat.” Cutting little and often can help to produce a thicker lawn too. When mowing the lawn, it is important to follow the “one third” rule, which means cutting no more than a third off the lawn’s height every time it is cut. Britons should also avoid walking over their lawns too much as it can flatten them. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 99p way to get rid of black mould - ‘brilliant’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share 80p hack to banish washing machine odours [INSIGHT]Paint colours to ‘avoid’ in the kitchen - what to pick instead [EXPERT] Instead, the RHS said to mow pathways through areas of long grass to allow access to other areas of the garden. The same goes for garden furniture. The RHS recommended moving furniture and other objects regularly to allow the grass to recover and prevent yellow patches. The experts added: “Apply a high nitrogen summer lawn fertiliser if not done last month to encourage a healthy lawn. “Always follow the manufacturer’s instructions carefully, as any over-use or runoff can cause water pollution.” If new lawn has been laid, it is important to ensure they do not dry out during warm weather. The RHS said turves will “shrink” if allowed to dry out, and fail to knit together. They continued: “During periods of prolonged dry weather, you could help by keeping your lawn a little longer than usual, and even investing in a mulching mower. “Mulching mowers shred the grass clippings very finely and then blow them into the lower layers of the turf, where they act like mulch to help the lawn retain moisture. “Because the clippings are fine, the end result is not unsightly, especially later in the season when the lawn gets very dry, and the mulch helps to keep it green rather than brown.” Moss and weeds are also a huge problem for gardeners during the summer months. According to the RHS, if lawn moss is an issue, lawn maintenance will help to control it. Scarification in the autumn months can help to get rid of moss as well as a spring fertiliser treatment in the spring months.