Nearly one in four van drivers have turned down job opportunities because petrol and diesel prices mean certain jobs are not cost effective. New data shows van users are now paying on average £2,427 more annually to fuel their vehicles to carry out paid jobs. Consumers are experiencing the knock-on effect of this as businesses are forced to put prices up to cover their costs. More than half of all businesses that are reliant on vans said they have increased their prices in recent weeks. Around 14 percent of businesses have started building mileage charges into the prices consumers pay, which could become more common. The research, from MoneySuperMarket, found how people using vans for work purposes are being impacted by economic and van trade environments. READ MORE: New law will force homes to have an electric car charger next week DON'T MISSWill petrol prices go down? 'Frightening' petrol prices pressure Sunak [SHOCKING]Angry drivers refute idea that half of car buyers will go electric [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [HELPFUL] It was also revealed that it wasn’t just the fuel crisis causing concern for van drivers with van shortages impacting almost a fifth. Many have also needed to turn down jobs because they did not have access to a suitable vehicle. One in 10 have already had to scale back their businesses because of supply chain issues with vehicles. That number could increase in the future as fuel gets more expensive and more cities implement strict Clean Air Zones. DON'T MISSWill petrol prices go down? 'Frightening' petrol prices pressure Sunak [SHOCKING]Angry drivers refute idea that half of car buyers will go electric [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to use hypermiling 'tricks' to increase fuel efficiency [HELPFUL] Sara Newell, MoneySuperMarket’s van insurance expert, said the countless issues affecting van drivers will see prices rise. She added: “With over one in five (21 percent) having to fork out after not having van insurance that covered tool theft, it’s important to explore ways you can mitigate against the risk of financial loss when it comes to your van. “As well as insurance costs, van shortages and the fuel crisis are making it harder and more expensive for van drivers to do their jobs. “This means it’s more important than ever to shop around and compare different van insurance costs to find the best deal for your needs.” Some are having to go to extreme lengths to make certain jobs viable, with 16 percent of van drivers using the family car for work because it’s cheaper to fill up. Depending on their policy type this may invalidate their insurance and leave them even further out of pocket. Staggeringly, almost half of van drivers admitted to having their tools stolen out of their vehicle, with 21 percent not having insurance in place, meaning they had to foot the bill. With fuel prices continuing to break records, a number of drivers and motoring organisations have called on the Government to create a “van plan”. The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders found that 57 percent of van owners are anxious about switching to electric over fears they wouldn't be able to find a charging point when needed. Persuading van drivers to switch to zero emission vehicles is essential if Britain is to become net zero while keeping the nation on the move. Vans directly support around one in 10 workers in Britain, acting as the essential workhorse for sectors such as construction and industry, trades such as plumbers, landscapers and cleaners, and home delivery services which grew rapidly during the pandemic. The so-called “van plan” would look to accelerate electric van uptake and deliver upon ambitious Government targets. With more than four million vans on the road, electrifying the fleet will substantially reduce the UK’s transport-related carbon emissions.