Some voters on the street in Nottingham told Express.co.uk they “feel bad” for the couple while others insisted they cannot be trusted. Age was a clear dividing line, with younger Britons expressing some sympathy with the position of the royals. Older generations indicated they have less time for the pair. Pensioner Sandra grinned when asked about Harry and Meghan, at first responding that “the less said about them the better”. When nudged on the subject, Sandra said she was particularly irked by their apparent hypocrisy, noting: “They are all about the environment… yet they’ve just come across [for the Platinum Jubilee] on [a] plane.” Her comments were echoed by John, another pensioner, who highlighted that “they seem shy of publicity but as soon as Netflix comes knocking on the door they are happy”. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s deal with the entertainment giant is reportedly worth around $140million (£112million). John, standing in Nottingham’s city square under a banner marking the Queen’s 70 years on the throne, suggested Harry and Meghan have damaged the reputation of the Royal Family. He said, in no uncertain terms: “People don’t trust them.” Younger Britons were, however, far more sympathetic towards Harry and Meghan’s stated criticisms of their time conducting frontline royal duties. Naomi, a liberal arts student, said that after watching the much-discussed Oprah Winfrey interview, “I do feel sorry for Meghan in a way”. READ MORE: Voters ‘fed up’ with waiting for politician whose fit to lead Asked whether they were pushed out of the Royal Family or simply decided to leave, she told Express.co.uk that, so far as she could tell, the answer was “a bit of both”. Above all, Naomi believed that the couple “needed a bit of distance”. Matthew also said their decision to move to the states was “justified”. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] He said: “At the end of the day, they’re a young family, aren’t they. Just because they’re from the Royal Family, it doesn’t mean they have to follow suit all the time.” For another John, one much younger than the first questioned by Express.co.uk, the Harry and Meghan affair has simply been “stirred up” to something bigger than it is. He stressed: “Like any set of family dynamics, unless you are inside it, I don’t think you can really know properly. Unless we actually know them first-hand, I don’t think we will ever know.” While some expressed their hope that the couple remain in the US, so as to not cause any controversy in the UK, Naomi said: “I hope they can rekindle their relationship with the Royal Family.” She argued that them moving to the Duke’s home country would “help with the relationship”. Reports suggest Harry may visit the UK later this year if his memoir is released, though in April he confirmed on NBC Today that the US is “home for me now” – “for the time being”, at least.