Currently reaching a singles ranking of No.12 in the world, Cameron Norrie, 26, is one of Britain’s brightest prospects in tennis after turning professional in 2017. Clinching four ATP Tour singles titles and one doubles title so far, Norrie has been the British number one in men's singles since October 18, 2021. But while his professional life is largely documented and celebrated, the tennis player tends to maintain a private social life. Norrie doesn't divulge his private life very often, however eagle eyed fans will have spotted the tennis star has been dating the very successful Louise Jacobi. Hailing from New Zealand, Jacobi is the founder and director of an interior design company called Please Don’t Touch. Describing her role, Jacobi says she oversees the entire creative process and strategy of the business, from sourcing, development, and production to merchandising and sales, with a strong focus on designing luxury products for interior design brands and fashion houses.  READ MORE: Wimbledon draw: Murray, Raducanu and 15 other Brits learn rivals  If this isn’t enough, Jacobi is also the founder of a luxury home and fashion accessories business called Studio Virgo. Studio Virgo advocates for symbiosis between people and the natural environment, infusing wellness aspects into its designs and products. It’s not known how long Norrie has been dating Jacobi, but gauging from the interior designer’s Instagram profile, it appears to be a number of years. The first picture of the couple was published in 2020, but the pair could well have been dating much longer than this, as Jacobi indicated in one 2020 post marking Norrie’s birthday that he had “kept her entertained the last 365 days”.  The couple appears to be particularly fond of travelling, well-documenting their trips around the world as well as Norrie’s tennis tours. Hailing from Johannesburg, South Africa, the professional tennis player moved to New Zealand in 1998 with his parents - Scottish microbiologist father and a Welsh microbiologist mother. Norrie represented New Zealand as a junior and become No. 10 in the world, before switching his allegiance at 17 to Great Britain, the nationality of both his parents. DON'T MISS:Wimbledon LIVE: Djokovic rage at Covid ban as four new measures [REPORT]BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood in Wimbledon rain warning amid downpours [ANALYSIS] Kate Middleton had to make abrupt Wimbledon exit after shock alert [INSIGHT]    Norrie turned professional in 2017 and has seen countless successes ever since. Just after turning pro, Norrie snapped up an ATP doubles title at Estoril Open 2018, partnering with fellow Brit Kyle Edmund. In 2021, Norrie defeated Brandon Nakashima in the finals of the Los Cabos Open to claim his first ATP singles title while becoming the British No. 1 player in the same year.  Norrie also notably won his first ATP 1000 tournament at Indian Wells Masters 2021, beating Nikoloz Basilashvili in the finals. As 2022’s Wimbledon Championship kicked off this week, Norrie has already clinched a victory, beginning the British charge by becoming the first home player to win despite a rain-interrupted match. Norrie, who seeded ninth, is bidding to reach the second week of a Grand Slam for the first time. 