Tottenham Hotspur have agreed a deal to sign Middlesbrough defender Djed Spence this summer. Antonio Conte is closing in on his third signing of the transfer window after Spence snubbed a return to Nottingham Forest, despite helping them gain promotion to the Premier League. Tottenham are closing in on the exciting transfer worth around £20million after Spence opted to pursue Champions League football over a Forest return, The Guardian report. The 21-year-old is expected to be the third arrival at Spurs since the end of last season, following Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster. Spence looks set to return to his birthplace, London, after joining Middlesbrough from Fulham's academy in 2018. He will add competition for places in Conte's squad, with Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal his current right-wing-back options. Spence flourished at right-back on loan at Forest last season, registering five assists in 50 appearances in all competitions. His league exploits, helping the club return to the Premier League via the Play-Offs, earned him a spot in the PFA Championship Team of the Season on Thursday. JUST IN: Darwin Nunez's Liverpool wages emerge as star tells friends it's done While Forster has arrived in north London to replace Pierluigi Gollini as Hugo Lloris' backup goalkeeper, Tottenham abandoned their usual transfer policy to recruit Perisic last month. Spurs target younger players with potential sell-on value, making their move for the 33-year-old free agent a surprise. But after thriving as a left-wing-back at Inter Milan last season, it means Conte has now bolstered both sides of his squad as he prepares to guide Spurs into the Champions League. While Perisic's arrival could spell trouble for Sergio Reguilon, Spence's impending move plagues Emerson and Doherty's futures with doubt. Spence has joined England's wealth of talent at right-back, with Gareth Southgate's squad recently featuring Kyle Walker, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Reece James, Kieran Trippier and James Justin. After making his Three Lions U21 debut in March, he will hope a high-profile Premier League move will soon put him in contention for senior selection. READ MORE: Man Utd and Tottenham told target is 'as good as' Diego Llorente Tottenham's summer transfer activity isn't complete, with Conte and sporting director Fabio Paratici hellbent on bolstering the club's centre-back options. They have held talks for Inter Milan's Alessandro Bastoni, but his agent has claimed he is staying at San Siro next season. Spurs are also understood to be interested in Villarreal's Pau Torres, who is expected to depart his hometown club this summer. But they may have to move quickly for the Spain international as Manchester United also search for a left-sided centre-back in Erik ten Hag's first transfer window. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here