Royal expert Daniela Elser questioned why a snap of one-year-old Lili meeting her namesake great-grandmother, 96, had not been released during the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's visit to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Ms Elser said the "most obvious argument" against sharing a picture was that it would have "blown all other Jubilee coverage out of the water" and overshadowed the Queen during the celebrations. But Ms Elser insisted that rationale "doesn’t really hold water" as Harry and Meghan, who have travelled from California, were "always going to feature heavily in media coverage". Writing for news.com.au, the columnist said: "My point is, in simply going back to the UK together, Harry and Meghan’s very presence was always going to be something of a distraction so why not use it to Buckingham Palace’s advantage? "I reckon courtiers and aides have really missed a trick here. "Imagine if we had seen this photo of the Queen and Lili — it would have been a powerful checkmate on the part of Her Majesty in the PR chess match which the Sussexes seem intent on playing with the Palace." The Queen was due to meet Lili, who celebrated her first birthday on Saturday, in person for the first time over the extended four-day weekend. Royal biographer Omid Scobie speculated that Thursday was likely to have been the "first moment or the first chance for her (the Queen) to meet her namesake". There was also speculation the tot could be christened while in the UK. READ MORE: 'Look at Gan Gan!' George's adorable reaction to Queen's sketch Lilibet, born at 11.40am on Friday June 4 2021 at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital in California, was named in honour of the Queen. Harry and Meghan's daughter celebrated her first birthday while in Britain for the bank holiday Jubilee weekend. The Royal Family Twitter account posted a balloon emoji and the message: "Wishing Lilibet a very Happy 1st Birthday!" Prince William and Kate, and Prince Charles and Camilla also took to Twitter to share birthday wishes. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Have Harry and Meghan contributed to the Jubilee? VOTE [POLL]Meghan and Harry got nothing they wanted from Royal Family exit [VIDEO]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'nervous over longevity in Hollywood' [ANALYSIS] Elsewhere, Meghan's hairdresser George Northwood opened up on Lili and her three-year-old brother Archie. He wrote: "So nostalgic and wonderful to be reunited Harry, Meghan and their family in the UK. "Archie has grown to be the cutest, well-mannered little boy and Lilibet is just beautiful." Harry and Meghan's children have been seen in public at any of the Jubilee celebrations so far. The Sussexes were seen in a few photos through a window at Horse Guards Parade during Trooping the Colour. The couple also stepped out for a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. 