Ardal O'Hanlon played Jack Mooney in the BBC British–French crime drama series Death in Paradise for eight years. However, back in 2019, Ardal made the decision to leave after struggling to deal with the demanding schedule. He recently joined Alan Titchmarsh on his ITV show Love Your Weekend and touched on the very moment he knew when he wanted to leave. Ardal described Jack as a friendly, unassuming and often underestimated member of the team who always excelled when given the chance to show off his detective work. Jack understood what pushed people over the edge which was his strongest instinct, along with his empathetic manner. Speaking to Alan about the challenges of his role in Death in Paradise, Ardal explained: "It brings everyone very closely together, and because you are away from your family for so long, they become your family." Intrigued by how he managed to work around his personal life, Alan asked: "Did you not take your family with you? You were out there totally by yourself?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist Ardal explained: "I would have for long periods, my wife and some of my children would have come to visit me at some stage during the production, usually for a week or two in the middle. "That was always wonderful, but I think the last time I was there, they didn't come at all, so I think that was the writing on the wall for me. I realised, 'Okay, I can't carry on doing this." Touching on the length of time they would be away filming, Ardal revealed: "I was there for four summers, four consecutive summers, and the first summer was about three months and then six months. "Then I finished off doing half the last series, which lasted three or four months, so it was demanding, very enjoyable but hard. "It was a great experience to see that different life from the one I had in Ireland, where it rained all the time. "It is a wonderful show in many ways, but there is a comfort to it, there is no performing." After the death of his wife, Jack found it hard to adjust to life without her, but he was determined to put on a brave face for the sake of his daughter Siobhan (played by Grace Stone). Whilst having its challenges, he soon settled back into island life with the help of his team and shortly after fell in love with Anna (Nina Wadia), a witness he met whilst working on a case. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Ardal O'Hanlon opens up on off-screen 'parties' [LATEST]Ardal O'Hanlon opens up on feeling 'shy' in early career  [INSIGHT]'I thought of it as a burden’ Ardal O'Hanlon's Father Ted admission [WATCH] Their relationship soon came to a crossroads after Anna invited Jack to go travelling with her. Jack was torn, but after some reflection decided he was ready to go home and went back to London with Siobhan. Death in Paradise has officially started filming this year's Christmas special and series 12. Unveiling its first look at the special, the BBC revealed Ralf Little, Don Warrington and more of the cast would be back this festive season for a new case. There are a lot of lingering questions that viewers are keen to find out after the latest series came to an end. Commissioner Patterson (Don Warrington) will finally get some answers over why former love Maggie Harper (Orla Brady) surprised him after years apart, while DS Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) has to get used to new responsibilities on the force. DS Thomas stepped up following the surprise departure of DS Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert) after the latter struggled to grieve the death of her fiancé Patrice Campbell (Leemore Marrett Jr.) while living on the same island where he was killed. Producer Tim Key has teased this year's Christmas special: "We had been wanting to do a Death in Paradise Christmas special for years, and so to be starting production on our second one this year is brilliant." Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.