The threat was made amid the beginning of a NATO summit in Spain where allies are gathering to condemn Russia’s actions in Ukraine. It was claimed by Russia that Western satellite operators were all working for Russia’s enemy – Ukraine. Speaking to Russian news agency RIA Novosti, Dmitry Rogozin, the head of Roscosmos said: “The entire conglomerate of private and state orbital groupings is now working exclusively for our enemy.” NATO members have been vocal in their support of Ukraine throughout the conflict and have openly sent weapons to the nation to defend itself against the Kremlin’s attacks. Ahead of Putin’s invasion, US satellite imagery company Maxar which works with the US Defence Department, took and published images from above Ukraine showing the build up of Russian troops on the border. These images were published when the Kremlin denied it was preparing to invade or threatening Ukraine. The coordinates of buildings, such as the Pentagon and the venue that is holding the NATO summit, was published by Russia. Rogozin posted on Telegram: “Today, the NATO summit opens in Madrid, at which Western countries will declare Russia their worst enemy. “Roscosmos published satellite photographs of the summit venue and the very ‘decisions centres’ that support Ukrainian nationalists.” READ MORE: Britons back Brexit vote on Northern Ireland Bill ‘sort it out!’ He added: “At the same time, we are giving the coordinates of the objects…Just in case.” These “decision centres” include, the White House, Government buildings in central London, the Reichstag parliament building in Berlin and the German Chancellery, NATO headquarters in Brussels and the residence of the French president and other French government buildings. The coordinates have been published in degrees of latitude and longitude and are freely available. DON'T MISS: Pesticides harming UK wildlife - Bird charity issue major warning (REVEAL)'He's blown it' Prince Charles’s image tarnished by ‘poor judgement’ (INSIGHT)Royal LIVE: Harry 'unhappy' despite Meghan attempts at perfect LA life (INSIGHT) One of the key elements that triggered Putin to invade Ukraine was the nation's desire to become a member of NATO. The Russian President attempted to justify his “special military operation” by saying it was acting to protect Russian speakers from being persecuted and to stop NATO from using Ukraine to threaten Russia’s security. Both Ukraine and NATO have dismissed the claim as an unsubstantiated and baseless reason for war.