The Royal editor discussed the reasons why the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge might be moving closer to the Queen. Mr Sacerdoti claimed the move will mean getting closer to the Queen and taking on more Royal responsibility. He also explained that being closer to the Queen will mean more training for Prince William as he may become the Monarch in the future. There has been much discussed recently about other senior Royals stepping up to their Royal duties as the Queen has been having mobilisation issues due to her frail condition. The Us Weekly host said: “Right so it seems like the kids were probably a big factor in the move?” Mr Sacerdoti told Royally Us: “Yeah I think that, and I guess as well also the Queen because as you know we’re seeing her able to do fewer engagements in person. “When they involve movement, and also a lot of forward planning if they’re not sure how she is going to be too far in advance. “I think that it means that also they’ll be closer to her and as he is getting closer to taking on more responsibility all the time. JUST IN: Have Your Say: Does Boris even care about Brexit or is he just trying to save his job?   Mr Sacerdoti added: “And Prince Charles as well has obviously increased his workload over time deputising for the Queen. “Then I think that that will make it easier as well, for them to perhaps given that training as is going on with a view to really one day being the Monarch himself.”  The move seems to have been rumoured for some time, as Prince Charles takes on more responsibility as a senior Royal Family member. And other Royal experts predicted the move as it means  the Queen will be closer to her grandchildren. READ MORE: Cash-strapped families to get £60 vouchers for Tesco, Asda, Aldi and more  According to other reports, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will have no live-in staff at the cottage, and their Royal aides will be commuting to the new family home. A source told The Sun newspaper that the Royal couple is looking forward to "starting a new chapter in their lives together". They said: "Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. "Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer.  DON’T MISS: Warning issued over strange foam people are spotting on garden plants "The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte and Louis to school together locally. "The three children will enjoy running around and playing in the gardens, which is the kind of life they enjoy so much when at Anmer Hall." The source added: "They had no other demands than a pleasant family home close to schools and the Queen.  "They will pay rent from their private account. "All they need to do is move in some of their treasured furniture and possessions. "The whole family is looking forward to moving in this summer and starting a new chapter in their lives together in Windsor." 