Former Manchester City full-back Danny Mills has warned Leeds star Kalvin Phillips that if he makes a move to the Etihad this summer he will be a squad player under Pep Guardiola. The England midfielder has been linked with a transfer to City for a fee that could reach £50million. “He doesn’t walk into their team.” Mills told talkSPORT. “If he goes there and you pick your best 11, he doesn’t get into it, he would be in the top 13 or 14. Joining a club like Manchester City, where you must win every game, I think he would be a squad player. “I think if he goes to Manchester City he becomes another squad player, he will probably play 20-or-so games. He is not of Rodri’s standard yet, Rodri is different class. “I remember watching Rodri when he first came into the football club and thought ‘Wow’, then he had a bit of a dip, for maybe six months or so, maybe the move and the transition of country.” When asked if Phillips could step up to that level, Mills replied: “He can do, and undoubtedly we have seen him put in some fantastic performances. But we have seen with the likes of [Jack] Grealish, going to Man City is another level. “I remember when Rio [Ferdinand] left Leeds and went to Manchester United, and we were doing well at Leeds at the time, but he went to United and went ‘This is next level stuff, training is next level, there is no messing about, there are no 90 per cent performances in training’, you have to be at it 100 per cent every single day. That is the difference. You will get away with things at teams slightly lower down the league table. “You have got to step up, and if you don’t step up you get found out very, very quickly. I am not saying Kalvin Phillips will because he is a very, very good player but going to Manchester City, the intensity, the expectation of having to win every single week is next level.” Reports have claimed that Manchester City are set to bid for Phillips as they look to bolster their midfield options this summer. Fernandinho’s contract is expiring at the end of the month and Ilkay Gundogan has also been linked with a move away from the Etihad. Gundogan has been spotted in Rome, which prompted speculation that the 31-year-old German midfielder could be set to join Jose Mourinho’s side. Phillips would join Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez as a third City incoming this summer if he does complete a move to Manchester, after Guardiola’s club unveiled Haaland on Monday.