Soccer Aid will once again see the likes of well-known singers, actors, presenters and footballers gather for the annual match. The competition is always fierce as they are split into team England and team World, fighting for bragging rights and the trophy. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the Soccer Aid 2022 line-up on ITV. Team England will be led by former One Direction star Liam Payne who will be this year's captain. Hoping to bring home the win, England is going to be managed by Harry Redknapp, David Seaman and Emma Hayes. Making up this year's England team are: Heart Radio's Mark Wright Former Manchester United footballer Gary Neville Actor Lucien Laviscount Former England star Fara Williams Rapper Aitch Former Manchester United star Teddy Sheringham Comedian and The Last Leg host Alex Brooker Olympian Sir Mo Farah READ MORE: Loose Women's Denise Welch steps in for Gloria Hunniford Actor Damian Lewis Former Liverpool footballer Jamie Carragher Singer Tom Grennan Former Manchester City goalkeeper David James YouTuber and presenter Chunkz Former West Ham United footballer Joe Cole Actor David Harewood Former West Ham United star Mark Noble Former England and Chelsea footballer Anita Asante Meanwhile, over on team World XI, leading the way will be legendary Olympian Usain Bolt. Trying to get the best out of their players are managers, Arsene Wenger and Robbie Keane. Representing team World at this year's Soccer Aid are: Line of Duty's Martin Compston Former Manchester United star Patrice Evra Dragons' Den star Steven Bartlett Former American professional soccer player Carli Lloyd Comedian Munya Chawawa Brazilian former footballer Cafu DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Newcastle told £60m Moussa Diaby transfer off-limits by Leverkusen [EXPLAINER]F1 LIVE: Lewis Hamilton's ‘career is over’, Max Verstappen warning [WARNING] Comedian and presenter Mo Gilligan Former Love Island star Kem Cetinay Heather O'Reilly Former footballer Petr Cech British strongman competitor Tom Stoltman TikTok star Noah Beck Actor Mark Strong Comedian Lee Mack Ex-Chelsea striker and Ukraine legend Andriy Shevchenko Singer-songwriter and footballer Chelcee Grimes Last year's game was held in Manchester but this time around, it will be hosted at the London Stadium in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in Stratford. As always, Soccer Aid will be raising money for the international charity UNICEF. The cause provides vaccines and protects children in times of crisis, such as the ongoing war in Ukraine. Soccer Aid will be shown on Sunday, June 12, from 6.30pm on ITV.