The French President said in an interview on Friday it is important not to "humiliate" Moscow, drawing sharp rebukes from top Ukrainian officials. Mr Macron said: "We must not humiliate Russia so that the day when the fighting stops we can build an exit ramp through diplomatic means." He added that he was "convinced that it is France's role to be a mediating power". Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted in response: "Calls to avoid humiliation of Russia can only humiliate France and every other country that would call for it. "Because it is Russia that humiliates itself. "We all better focus on how to put Russia in its place. "This will bring peace and save lives." And in an apparent reference to Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "The terrible consequences of this war can be stopped at any moment...if one person in Moscow simply gives the order." "And the fact that there is still no such order is obviously a humiliation for the whole world." Ukraine now says its aim is to push Russian forces back as far as possible on the battlefield, counting on advanced missile systems pledged in recent days by the United States and Britain to swing the war in its favour. Asked about Mr Macron's mediation offer on national television, Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said: "Until we receive weapons in their full amount, until we strengthen our positions, until we push them (Russia's forces) back as far as possible to the borders of Ukraine, there is no point in holding negotiations." READ MORE: Nuclear war is coming' Putin's pundit threatens west with 'WW3' call  And in an apparent reference to Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "The terrible consequences of this war can be stopped at any moment...if one person in Moscow simply gives the order," "And the fact that there is still no such order is obviously a humiliation for the whole world." Ukraine now says its aim is to push Russian forces back as far as possible on the battlefield, counting on advanced missile systems pledged in recent days by the United States and Britain to swing the war in its favour. Asked about MR Macron's mediation offer on national television, Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said: "Until we receive weapons in their full amount, until we strengthen our positions, until we push them (Russia's forces) back as far as possible to the borders of Ukraine, there is no point in holding negotiations."  Moscow has said the Western weapons will pour "fuel on the fire," but will not change the course of what it calls a "special military operation" to disarm Ukraine and rid it of nationalists. Russia's RIA news agency quoted Putin as saying Moscow was easily coping with US weapons systems sent to Ukraine and had destroyed dozens of them. Russia's defence ministry said its troops were forcing the Ukrainians to withdraw across the Siverskiy Donets river to Lysychansk on the opposite bank. Serhiy Gaidai, the Ukrainian governor of Luhansk province, said the Russians were blowing up bridges across the river to prevent Ukraine's bringing in military reinforcements and delivering aid to civilians in Sievierodonetsk. "Right now, our soldiers have pushed them back, (the Russians) are suffering huge casualties," Mr Gaidai said in a live TV broadcast. DON'T MISS:UK to supply Ukraine with high mobility rocket systems [INSIGHT]Operation Boot Boris to be launched by Tory rebels [ANALYSIS]David Frost blasts 'weakness' of UK position in negotiations [VIDEO] "The Russian army, as we understand, is throwing all its efforts, all its reserves in that direction." Tens of thousands are believed to have died, millions have been uprooted from their homes, and the global economy has been disrupted in a war that marked its 100th day on Friday. President Zelensky posted footage on Saturday of an important timber Orthodox Christian monastery ablaze in eastern Ukraine. Kyiv says two monks and a nun were killed at the site on Wednesday when it was struck by Russian shells. "Every church burned by Russia in Ukraine, every school blown up, every destroyed memorial proves that Russia has no place in UNESCO," he said, calling for Moscow to be expelled from the main cultural body of the United Nations. The war has had a devastating impact on the global economy, especially for poor food-importing countries. Ukraine is one of the world's leading sources of grain and cooking oil, but those supplies were largely cut off by Russia's closure of its Black Sea ports, with more than 20 million tonnes of grain stuck in silos.