NBC viewers are eagerly awaiting the return of the thrilling crime series The Blacklist after it came to an end last month. However, one viewer exposed a glaring blunder from season eight during a key scene with Red Reddington (played by James Spader) and Dembe Zuma (Hisham Tawfiq).  After noticing a continuity error, a viewer took to a movie mistakes forum to expose a blunder with a key prop. They wrote: “At the start, Reddington and Dembe are talking to a garageman who has a protective helmet on him. “They zoom in and out of him, and show him from side and front, the strap on his helmet is different every time. “One time it's over his ears, one time fully above it, and the next is sits low on his ear, all this within a short minute-long talk.” READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series The episode introduced Laken Perillos (Laverne Cox) as an interrogator for the notorious kingpin Neville Townsend (Reg Rogers). As part of her role, Laken used unorthodox and extreme methods to obtain information from her victims. During the episode, Red and Dembe became entangled with Laken after she was employed by Neville to torture Dembe. However, as Neville also set his sights on FBI agent Liz Keen (Megan Boone), Red wanted to get involved and stop Laken before she could get any closer.  As they investigated, Reddington and Dembe visited Max Ruddiger (Dickran Tulaine) at a warehouse, when they noticed a smell. As an expert bomb-maker, Max told Reddington he uncovered more information about a car bomb that killed one of Red’s men in Lagos. Which was a partial print on the Tamiya connector, which Dembe said he would pass on to forensic scientist Vlad Cvetko (Gregory Korostishevsky). While Dembe went to make a call, Max explained the smell was a cyclohexane-based accelerant. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]The Blacklist's James Spader was almost replaced by Hollywood A-lister [INSIGHT]The Blacklist season 10 theory: Panabaker takes over the Task Force [THEORY] Which had a low flash point and it’s stable, making it difficult for any forensic chemical analysts. This was when the fans spotted the glaring blunder with Max’s helmet as the strap appeared to change positions in different camera shots. However, as the episode went on Reddington found himself strapped to a chair in one of Laken’s chairs. As a torture specialist, Laken opened up about the tools she would use to interrogate victims and then she decided to put a heretics fork on Dembe’s neck. 