Liverpool have reached out to the agent of Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry as they seek a long-term replacement for Sadio Mane, who looks set to leave Anfield in the not-too-distant future, according to reports. The Reds are currently on the lookout for a new first-choice forward and have been credited with a desire to sign Gnabry, who scored 17 goals in all competitions for Bayern Munich over the course of this season. Liverpool have long been linked with a move for Gnabry and seem to be considering the idea of firming up their interest in the 26-year-old, with the summer transfer window set to officially open next week. Club officials have already discussed personal terms with Gnabry's agent but are not yet prepared to meet the German winger's lucrative salary demands, according to Anfield Central.It is claimed that Gnabry would be looking for a weekly wage of around £250,000 in order to join the Reds before the first ball is kicked at the start of next season. Liverpool could aim to test the Germany international's resolve, though, by submitting an initial offer in the region of £200,000 per week in the near future.The Merseyside giants are said to be more than willing to stand their ground in negotiations, with those in power at Anfield finding themselves in a similar situation regarding talks over a new contract for Mohamed Salah. However, there may be other ways in which they can sweeten the deal by making Gnabry feel valued, which is an area that Jurgen Klopp would surely excel in. JUST IN: Newcastle transfer target Sven Botman clear on what he wants Bayern Munich are said to value Gnabry at around £68.4million but are quietly aware that a bid in the region of £34m would probably suffice as they look to avoid losing him as a free agent next summer. All attempts to extend his stay at the club over the last few months have been rebuffed by the player's camp, with Gnabry thought to be considering his options as he weighs up the idea of a new challenge outside the Bundesliga.Liverpool could be set to face plenty of stiff competition in any potential bid to land Gnabry, with the likes of Arsenal, Tottenham and Real Madrid having been credited with a shared interest in the Bayern Munich winger since the turn of the year. However, former Gunners striker Kevin Campbell has already urged Liverpool to push for Gnabry, who he feels would serve as a shrewd replacement for Mane if the Senegalese forward is sold before the start of next season. "Gnabry is going to be a sought-after player this summer, I know there are a lot of clubs who like him," Campbell recently told Football Insider when quizzed on the possibility of Gnabry joining Liverpool in the near future."He is a player who will be hotly pursued because he is still relatively young. We are talking about a Germany international who can play on either side, score goals, is quick and direct.“He would be a great signing for Liverpool. There will be a lot of competition for Gnabry though, I think Arsenal would like to speak to him if there is an opportunity." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here