The last Gemini New Moon came to help lay the foundation for new and positive changes. The Sagittarius Full Supermoon that followed helped you embrace the changes with optimism and a sense of adventure. Now we’re under the influence of the New Moon in Cancer, which will help propel you forward with a good sense of intuition, confidence, and self-trust. Express.co.uk spoke to Moon Mentor and author of 'Lunar Living: Working with the Magic of the Moon Cycle and Crystals for Self-Care', Kirsty Gallagher (@kirsty_gallagher_ on Instagram), to find out what’s in store for the Cancer New Moon. Astrologically, New Moons are all about embracing new beginnings, given it marks the end of one lunar cycle and the start of a brand new one. The New Moon moved into its home sign of nurturing Cancer on Wednesday, June 29 at 3.52am. Kirsty said: “As the moon moves into her home sign of Cancer, she wants to bring you home; back to yourself, your heart, your soul, and your life.” “This new moon wants you to create a safe space within, for you to know your inner world and trust yourself, your intuition, what you are being shown, what you know and what is stirring within you calling for attention.” READ MORE: Virgin Orbit to blast top secret MoD mission with US into space  Cancer Moon transits always tend to be a more emotional time than any other; suppressed emotions rise to the surface and long-held grudges and resentments can become slightly more crushing. Kirsty said these darker Moon energies talk you through “the depths of your emotions… stirring your inner being”, but they only bring what’s ready to come to the fore. As a cardinal water sign represented by the crab - boasting a hard outer shell and a safe and hidden interior - Cancer transits invite a sense of overprotectiveness and defence, as well as a desire to retreat. However, this New Moon will help you “remove the crab-like shell that we often build around ourselves" to "try to protect us from fear, failure, intimacy, and love”, according to Kirsty.  She continued: “She will show you where you have closed off your heart to yourself, your life, and your dreams. “As you listen to your emotions over this new moon, they will show you where you have been ignoring the nudges from life and trying to push something not meant for you, move in a direction that isn’t yours and continue to do things that aren’t nourishing your heart and soul and in alignment with your soul path.” In this respect, it’s vital to listen to your intuition over these coming days to recalibrate your actions with your goals and intentions, as now is the best time to do it. Kirsty said: “This moon will show you where you put off going after what you want or making the next move, or taking that big opportunity.”  DON'T MISS:Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [ANALYSIS]Solar activity is causing satellites to ‘sink’ back towards Earth [INSIGHT]Use sugar to ‘improve the health’ of your grass and ‘boost greenness’ [EXPLAINED]    It comes, Kirsty said, while “You wait for this imaginary sense of safety that you believe will come with having it all figured out, or approval or permission, or waiting until it's perfect or when this or if that. “But the truth is that true safety will only ever come from within you. “From you being at home in yourself knowing that you can trust, rely on, believe in, and support yourself and face anything that life brings you – and that’s what this new moon wants for you.”  Kirsty added: “This moon wants you to be able to trust yourself. And from that place of trust take the leap.” This New Moon is synced up with expansive planet Jupiter, supersizing feelings, emotions and intentions - but the alignment always brings blessings. So, it’s important to utilise the energy wisely and “think big”, trust your intuition, and head into the second half of the year with good intentions. 