Andrea Bocelli was one of many talented acts invited to perform at The Platinum Party at the Palace, as part of The Queen’s 70 year Jubilee celebrations. The 63-year-old blew the audience away, not to mention the millions watching at home, with an incredible rendition of Nessun Dorma. Fans shared on social media how emotional his singing made them, while some spotted Camilla looking on the verge of tears next to Prince Charles in the Royal box. Now, Andrea has spoken out about the experience, sharing on his Instagram: “A milestone exceeding all expectations, even the rosiest; a celebration whose very name is steeped in happiness and solemnity: the whole world stopped to toast the Platinum Jubilee, marking 70 years since the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II. I had already had the privilege of performing for Her Majesty's 90th birthday concert, and it was with renewed excitement that I made my contribution to this historic event at Buckingham Palace, alongside some of the best-known musicians of our times.” Andrea added: “I chose to sing Puccini's Nessun Dorma because of the healthy exaltation the aria conveys, capable of igniting the passion, heroism and endless perseverance in all our hearts. I hope that, through the universal language of music, I was able to express with dignity my admiration for an equally universal character.” The singer shared pictures from his Platinum Jubilee performance in the post, including the snap of Charles and Camilla together. DON'T MISSAndrea Bocelli shares classic Time To Say Goodbye performance WATCH [TIME TO SAY GOODBYE]Andrea Bocelli celebrates Virginia’s 10th birthday: WATCH their duets [VIRGINIA BOCELLI]Matteo Bocelli makes stunning first solo Italian TV performance WATCH [MATTEO BOCELLI] Andrea also posted pictures of himself backstage at the Platinum Jubilee concert with some of his fellow acts. The star was depicted taking a snap with Brian May, who opened the show with Queen and Adam Lambert. He was also seen alongside No Time To Die film composer Hans Zimmer and James Bond theme singer Alicia Keys, who sang Quantum of Solace song Another Way To Die with Jack White. Additionally, a further shot had the Italian tenor sat at a keyboard with Craig David posing behind him.