UFC star Paddy Pimblett has described the scenes in Paris outside the Champions League final, where he witnessed people wielding machetes and compared it to the film franchise The Purge. Known as Paddy the Baddy, Pimblett is from Liverpool and an avid Reds fan, but experienced a terrifying night outside the Stade de France where his side lost 1-0 to Real Madrid. Many fans have described being tear-gassed and pepper-sprayed as they struggled to get into the ground, but French authorities have blamed ticketless Liverpool fans for the problems outside of the stadium. Liverpool released a statement calling for a thorough investigation into events outside the ground. French and British media continue to challenge the narrative put forward by senior government ministers about what went wrong, as one front page of French newspaper Liberation featured an image of interior minister Gerald Darmanin with a Pinocchio-style nose. Pimblett went to the game to support his team, and described what he experienced on Instagram. He said: “It was seeing people with machetes just running around, I've been saying this for the last few days. The only thing I can compare this to is something like the purge. “The movie the Purge is where you can do what you want for 12 hours, that's what it was like. That's what I feel it was like the Purge. There was no laws for 12 hours.” The 27-year-old was not happy with the French authorities' attempts to blame travelling fans from England either, and blasted Darmanin. “Lies, complete and utter lies,” he claimed. “And he should resign from his job because he is disgusting and despicable. It's an easy scapegoat to use Liverpool fans. A steward when I walked in with my ticket that I got off Liverpool football club. The steward tried to tell me my ticket was fake, he put his pen on it and said that's fake. “I called him out straight away, I said ‘It's not fake I got it off the club, what are you talking about?’, and he went oh yes, ok and give me it back. “I think they must have done that to scare other people, took the ticket, then sold it on to someone else. Took tickets off people saying they were false tickets when they wasn't. It happened to Andy Robertson's friend, I've never heard anything like it. Andrew Robertson, they kept his friend's ticket and he didn't get in.” Robertson also spoke out against the French authorities and said: “One of my mates got told it was a fake which I assure you it wasn't. It was a shambles really. To be honest, people were just making it up at times and panicking. Tear gas getting thrown at people was unacceptable.”