   Britney Spears has set the record straight by declaring she “never invited” her brother Bryan Spears to her wedding. The singer decided to clear up any speculation to the contrary after Bryan’s girlfriend Amber Lynn Conklin claimed he had missed the wedding to attend his daughter Lexie’s graduation from elementary school.     Britney, 40, married her long-term boyfriend Sam Asghari, 28, in an intimate ceremony in California last Thursday. However, the star, who has previously criticised her family’s behaviour towards her during her 13-year-long conservatorship, clarified that her brother Bryan, 45, had not been invited. It comes just after Bryan’s girlfriend Amber Lynn had claimed he had missed the event due to a scheduling conflict, but Britney has since made it publicly known that this was not the case. Britney dropped the bombshell on Instagram yesterday in view of her 41.6 million followers.      In the post, she slammed Bryan and the rest of her family for their treatment of her during her strict conservatorship. While a number of high-profile celebrities attended Britney and Sam’s beautiful ceremony at her Thousands Oaks home, the Toxic hitmaker's estranged family were not invited. In an explosive Instagram post Britney told her brother: “You were never invited to my wedding so why even respond?? “Do you honestly think I want my brother there who told me ‘no’ to a Jack and coke for 4 years… What ???”    She went on to explain Bryan's go-to drink was “a Jack and coke” and that he'd have it “every night” in Las Vegas while she headlined a four-year residency at Planet Hollywood. Britney claimed he “would never even let me have a sip” of the drink and accused him of being similar to her father Jamie Spears in wanting to control her. She continued: “If we were going to drink together at the wedding and play the classy roles for the children like you and mom [Lynne Spears] do as you people literally hid coffee and alcohol when I would come home ... you hurt me and you know it!!!" Britney then joked she might “force myself to drink Jack tonight” as a “F*** you” to her older brother.      Opening up about being subjected to years of drug testing, Britney suggested the strict rules of her conservatorship meant she had something of an aversion to alcohol. “I can't drink a lot … true story - the 13 years of being in the conservatorship I was drug tested at least 3 times a week … I don't even really like alcohol,' she wrote. “Meanwhile I heard that my dad would go to bars every night … and my brother had his shrimp salad and a Jack and coke every night in Vegas after my show and even sometimes before !!! “[Bryan] would never even let me have a sip … you let your 5-year-old daughter put her hand in her mother's wine and be silly yet when I just get off the stage for the 3rd time that week and my little feet have been in heels I walk to the only table in my suit and you tell me no … my question is this WHY????" Comparing Bryan to Jamie, she continued: “Let's talk about it … is it the powerful feeling dad got my whole life in literally making me feel like absolutely nothing.”      Later on in the post she said: “It's pretty funny my family doing what they did to me with drug testing me that whole time and yet I can't stand most alcohol !!! Nope, I'm not cool … “I wish I could play that bad girl my family want me to play but honestly … I'm too old for this sh** !!!” Britney’s damning Instagram post comes days after Bryan’s girlfriend Amber Lynn uploaded a picture of herself and Bryan posing with daughter Lexie (who he shares with ex-wife Graciella Sanchez) after she graduated elementary school. “Watched our little munchkin & Vice President of 5th grade become a middle schooler yesterday! We love you Lexie baby and SO proud of you," she captioned the shot. When asked in the comments section of a previous post why she and Bryan did not make it out to Britney's nuptials, she cited Lexie’s graduation ceremony as the reason. “Ironically Lexie had her 5th grade graduation & we couldn't help the timings,” she claimed, adding that “Bryan felt terrible having to choose but he had to be there for his daughter.” Amber Lynn added that Bryan “sent his love to Britney x1000000” and that they were “so sad to miss such an important moment but so so happy for Britney and Sam's Marriage!”   