The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) found the South Yorkshire force "failed to protect vulnerable children and young people." One 12-year-old was made pregnant by her abuser. But despite the IOPC investigating 47 officers, carrying out 91 investigations, "considering" 20,000 documents and 800 investigation statements plus logging 1,300 exhibits, not one member of the police has been prosecuted or sacked. The long-awaited findings - which took eight years and £6million to produce - detailed "significant failings", with one "unsympathetic" officer suggesting to a distraught dad the park rape of his 15-year-old daughter might be "a lesson" for her. A mum worried for her absent daughter claimed an officer said that an older Asian boyfriend was a "fashion accessory" for girls in the South Yorkshire town and that she would grow out of it. The IOPC investigated 163 complaints, upholding 43. Eight officers, it said, had a case to answer for misconduct and six had one for gross misconduct. Seven of them retired, at least one has quit. The probe catalogued how children as young as 11 were viewed by police as "consenting" to their abuse, while car crime was given greater priority than child sexual abuse and exploitation. Once officer failed to arrest a perpetrator found hiding under a bed with the girl he abused, while she was held over possessing a police truncheon. Another abuser went free after handing his victim to police in a "deal." The report said some officers failed to act even when a child victim was seen "involved in a sexual act with a perpetrator." The IOPC found there was an unwritten policy to not record a crime unless there was a strong possibility that it would be marked as detected: "Many vulnerable individuals were seen as problems not victims. Especially children in care." But despite this, the watchdog said: "Investigators found no evidence that individual members of the force failed in their statutory duties." The most severe punishment recorded was a final written warning and "words of advice". The report said another officer, who bought steroids from a perpetrator, was accused of gross misconduct but resigned before the hearing. One survivor, known as Elizabeth, now 34, was abused from age 15 after being groomed. She said: "It's like the police are untouchable." She added that it the lack of justice was a "dangerous message to send to police officers and the perpetrators." "It's disrespectful to survivors and their families. “What does this say to future victims? This would put anyone off coming forward because what's the point really. It's an insult to all of us." Survivor and campaigner Sammy Woodhouse 37, who was groomed and raped from the age of 14, said she was "disgusted" that nobody in the police had been held accountable despite her ten year battle for justice. Sammy - who was 15 when she gave birth to her abuser's son - is furious some officers were allowed to retire on a full pension: "Not one person has been held to account for anything, despite all this evidence. "I've put my heart and soul into everything. I'm disgusted that not one professional will ever be held to account for the sexual and criminal exploitation of myself and others in Rotherham. Thousands of children and families have had their lives ripped apart and there has been no accountability. “People like us are still picking up the pieces. Professionals should be on charges for what they've done and they've just had a little slap on the wrist. That's it!" Sammy was abused aged 14 by ringleader Arshid "Ash"' Hussain and waived her anonymity as a rape victim to expose the paedophile gang. She was subjected to horrendous abuse including rape, assaults and coercion, with threats to kill her family. In 1999 the 25-year-old made her pregnant. Hussain was one of a gang in Rotherham who, with many other groups, abused more than 1,000 children between 1997 and 2013. He was jailed for 35 years in 2016 for 23 offences involving nine women, including Sammy. Alan Billings, the South Yorkshire police and crime commissioner, attacked the IOPC report and said it "fails to identify any individual accountability" and "lets down victims and survivors". South Yorkshire Police has admitted "we got it wrong and we let victims down." The overwhelming scale of the horror in Rotherham emerged in August 2014, when an independent report concluded that an estimated 1,400 children had been sexually abused in the town between 1997 and 2013, by predominantly British-Pakistani men. Steve Noonan, IOPC director of major investigations, thanked survivors for their "incredible bravery" in speaking out. He added: "We are encouraged by the progress made to address the recommendations we made last year to ensure policing learns from this. The challenge now is to ensure that, as this type of offending continues to evolve, police forces continue to adapt so they are never again caught unprepared."