Queen Elizabeth II has travelled to Scotland in honour of Holyrood Week which is celebrated every year between the end of June and beginning of July. Along with other members of the Royal Family, the Queen will take part in a full week of traditional events to mark the occasion, while staying in her Edinburgh home, the Palace of Holyroodhouse. The spectacular property is one of two royal Scottish residences owned by the monarch, but what exactly does it look like inside? Holyroodhouse is recognised as the Queen’s official residence in Scotland, and has played host to a wide range of events, people and parties throughout her 70-year reign. The elaborate palace is open to the public year round, welcoming visitors to explore the history and significance of the enormous building, which features 14 State apartments and the “romantic ruins” of the 12th century Abbey, according to Visit Scotland. Inside, the historical property is adorned with lavish furnishings, unique paintings and gold details, very much in keeping with the style of most royal homes. READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ Surrounded by tall, green hills, Holyroodhouse is a sizable brick property with tall turrets and large white sash windows. In front of the palace, a huge driveway covered in deep grey tarmac can be found, with a perfectly rounded green lawn surrounding a statue in front of the building. According to the Royal Family’s official website, the palace has been home to royalty for more than 500 years, after it was founded by David I in 1128. While the magnificent building started off as an Augustinian Monastery, it has since been transformed into a stunning palace and cosy home. The Scottish Palace features several grand features, perhaps the most iconic of which is the Grand Stair. A wide stone staircase guides visitors to the upper floors of the house, while the walls are filled with several tapestries. The Morning Drawing Room is another significant room, featuring deep wood panelling on the walls right up to the decorative ceiling. The official website for the Royal Family explains this room contains several unique pieces of furniture, including an 18th-century incense burner, 17th-century settee, and 16th-century painting. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton had to make abrupt Wimbledon exit after shock alert [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should William step in and let Charles retire? [POLL] ‘Look at her smile!’ Royal fans gush over Queen’s first appearance  [LATEST] A decorative fire screen can also be seen over the grand fireplace, with a tapestry illustration depicting the Sacrifice of Isaac. The drawing room is filled with classic patterned chairs, rugs and settees, all of which are illuminated by cosy, yellow wall-lights. In the King's Bedchamber, you’ll find a four-poster bed covered in red fabric which sits in the centre of the enormous room. Again, wood-panelling is seen on all four walls, with red furnishings and deep wooden furniture placed neatly around the symmetrical space. Perhaps the most striking space within the Palace is the Great Gallery, lined with Jacob de Wet's portraits of the real and legendary kings of Scotland, commissioned by Charles II. The Palace of Holyroodhouse has a close association with the History of Scotland, having been founded as a monastery at the end of Edinburgh's Royal Mile. Today, the Palace is a close focus for national celebrations and events in Scotland, most notably The Queen's ‘Holyrood Week’. Also known as Royal Week, the annual event sees the Queen undertake seven days worth of engagements around the country, to celebrate Scottish culture, history and achievement. Royal UK said: “The Investiture held in the Great Gallery is for Scottish residents whose achievements have been recognised in the twice-yearly Honours List which appears at New Year and on The Queen's Official Birthday in June.”