Rafael Nadal and his wife Maria are expecting their first child, according to Spanish magazine Hola! The 36-year-old could soon become a father for the first time after facing years of questioning about when he's likely to start a family. Nadal and his wife are currently enjoying a holiday off Majorca aboard the 'Great White' - a 78-foot pounds 4.2million Sunroof Power yacht he had custom built in 2020. And the Hola! report seemingly shows Maria with a baby bump on her swimsuit amid speculation surrounding her pregnancy. The 33-year-old has worn noticeably loose-fitting clothing in recent public appearances and sported a face mask in the stands as she watched May's Champions League final in Paris with Rafa, a Real Madrid superfan. Rafael or Maria Nadal's representatives are yet to comment on the rumours. The pair have been together for 17 years and were married in October 2019 at a Majorca fortress named La Fortaleza, where football star Gareth Bale also tied the knot. And if reports are to be believed, they are set to embark on the next step of their relationship by starting a family. JUST IN: Murray's rivals sent Wimbledon warning as trio named as more dangerous  Nadal lifted his record-extending 14th French Open title earlier this summer, moving further ahead of Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer as the most decorated Grand Slam winner in history, with 22 triumphs. In a 2020 interview, Nadal admitted that he didn't expect to be playing at that stage and thought he would've already started a family with Maria. He said: "I keep my commitment to tennis and my happiness. I enjoy both tennis and outside it. Yes, I have a wife, too, and I am not alone to make decisions. You have to suit situations. Having family? I don't know. Things are not easy to be predicted. At this age, I thought that I would have already been a former player and that I would have started a family." READ MORE: Nadal's Wimbledon hopes boosted as Spaniard 'returns to grass court'  His further comments about having children earlier if he didn't continue playing tennis could welcome retirement speculation. The Spaniard has previously claimed life on the road as a father wouldn't be 'ideal' as looking after children would be the priority. "If I didn't see myself playing tennis… then possibly, I could have had children before," Nadal added. "At the age we are now, we're not going to wait five years. I think it's also above all about looking after the kids. I don't know if it [travelling throughout the year and having children] is ideal. I think it's also above all about looking after the kids."