Izzie Balmer has been sharing her expertise on Antiques Road Trip since 2019 and has quickly become a BBC fan-favourite. So it's no surprise that viewers are eager to find out all that they can about the jewellery expert. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Izzie Balmer. Antiques Road Trip expert Izzie Balmer was born in Quarndon, a linear village in the county of Derbyshire. She attended Ecclesbourne School in Duffield before going on to graduate from Durham University where her original plan was to become a professional musician. But when there was no job on the horizon after leaving university, Izzie moved back home with her mum suggesting that she gets some work experience from the local auction house. Following two weeks of interning, Izzie was offered a full-time job and so her antiques career began to flourish. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert Expert and presenter Izzie Balmer no longer lives in her hometown in Derbyshire. She has since moved more than two hours away and is now reportedly residing and working in Bristol. When Izzie isn't appearing on Antiques Road Trip, she is the head valuer at Wessex Auction Rooms. The company is headed up by none other than fellow BBC antiques expert Tim Weeks who is the director. After she gained her first full-time job at the auction house, Izzie went on to study at Birmingham's School of Jewellery, where she studied for a gemmology diploma and a diamond diploma. "I kind of fell into this job but I absolutely love it," she told Bristol Post in 2019. "I have always loved jewellery and been a fan of sparkly things, like most girls. "I cannot think of anything I would rather do." DON'T MISS...Britain’s Got Talent winner Axel Blake hits back at ‘fix’ claims  [REACTION]Rare Renaissance painting found in Enfield bungalow sells for £255k [VALUE]Antiques Roadshow guest left speechless at royal signature valuation  [EXPLAINER] Regarding her television career, Izzie first got in front of the camera when she stood in for her boss on Bargain Hunt. She then went on to feature in Flog It! where she caught the eye of those at the BBC who later cast her as a co-presenter on the daytime show Street Auction. Since then, Izzie has become an expert on Bargain Hunt and Antiques Road Trip, joining the likes of James Braxton, Charles Hanson and Christina Trevanion. Izzie will be working alongside Philip Serrell in the latest episode of Antiques Road Trip. The description reads: "On the road in Essex, it’s the continuing tale of two auctioneers - youthful and exuberant Izzie Balmer and young-at-heart Philip Serrell. "They clock up the miles as they pass through five counties in their old motor. 