Rafael Nadal shouldn’t be world No 1 even if he wins the French Open, according to Tim Henman. The Spaniard is hoping to claim a second Grand Slam on the trot, having won the Australian Open earlier in the year. And he’s now just two matches away from more history at Roland Garros. Nadal is hoping to win the French Open for a 14th time. And he boosted his chances of securing glory with a hard-fought victory over Novak Djokovic in midweek, with the Serb unable to cope with his long-term rival. The tennis ranking system has been scrutinised amid Nadal’s fine form, with some feeling the veteran deserves to be world No 1 if he wins a second major on the trot. But while Henman thinks Nadal will have been the ‘best player’ if he wins the French Open, the former tennis star also thinks the fact he’s not played as much as others counts against him. “I understand the way the world ranking system works,” Henman told Eurosport. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “If Rafa were to win Roland Garros then with two Slams under his belt this year, he’s definitely been the best player. “But it’s a 52-week period, Rafa hasn’t played quite as much tennis. “At the end of the day the points, the ranking points, don’t lie and whoever comes out on top week in week out thoroughly deserves it.” Nadal will play Alexander Zverev in the semi-finals, after the German beat Carlos Alcaraz earlier on Tuesday. And, speaking after his gruelling win over Djokovic, the Spaniard said: “To win against Novak there’s only one way — to play at your best since the first point until the last. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “And tonight it was one of this magic nights for me. Unexpected level. “Without a doubt there’s no other place like this one for me. It’s the most important court of my career, the most special one. And as I said, for me to feel the love of everyone here in Paris means everything to me.” And, on whether this would be his last French Open, Nadal said: “I am old enough to not hide things or come here and say something I don’t believe. “I have what I have in the foot, so if we aren’t able to find an improvement or a small solution then it’s becoming super difficult.” Djokovic, meanwhile, lamented his failure to get the better of Nadal in Paris. "I gave my best. I know I could have played better," said the Serb. "I'm proud of fighting and staying until the last shot. As I said, I lost to a better player today. Had my chances. Didn't use them. That's it. “Over four hours' battle and I have to accept this defeat. "Then he had another two, three fantastic games at the beginning of the third. He was just able to take his tennis to another level in those, particularly moments at the beginning of all sets except the fourth…. he showed why he's a great champion. "Staying mentally tough and finishing the match the way he did. Congrats to him and his team. “No doubt he deserved it." Nadal first won the French Open back in 2005. And, if he wins the tournament again, he’ll move two Grand Slams clear of Djokovic and Roger Federer in the history books.