The Umbrella Academy is based on the Gerard Way and Gabriel Ba comic books of the same name, whereby a group of former child heroes are adopted and become a dysfunctional family. Years later, the siblings reunite after the death of their father Reginald (played by Colm Feore) and they need to work together to avoid a major disaster. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the third season of The Umbrella Academy on Netflix. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Umbrella Academy.  There isn't too long to wait before the next batch of action-fiction episodes is dropped. The Umbrella Academy season three will premiere on Wednesday, June 22, on Netflix. Like the first two series, the third outing is going to consist of 10 episodes in total. The entirety of season three will be ready to watch on the day of its release date so there will be no need to wait around to find out what happens next.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson At the end of the second season, the Hargreeves siblings found themselves in an alternate timeline where The Umbrella Academy was now the Sparrow Academy. What was even more alarming was that they found in this world that their dad Reginald and their late brother Ben (Justin H Min) were both still alive. Along with the return of these two characters, there are going to be some new faces welcomed to the cast. These will be the Sparrow Academy members Genesis Rodriguez as Sloane, Justin Cornwell as Marcus, Cazzie David as Jayme, Britne Oldford as Fei and Jake Epstein as Alphonso Hargreeves. Actor Justin H Min will be reprising his role as Ben but he says it is a very different character from before. "It almost felt like working on a new show," Min told RadioTimes.com. "I was sort of a new character with a new cast and we got to Zoom a number of times before starting filming and I just felt like it really worked immediately." "They're [The Umbrella Academy siblings] very conflicted. "Because obviously, he looks like their Ben, but he acts very differently and there are many looks shared throughout the show, especially in the first few episodes, where they sort of see their Ben, but it's not who they think he is anymore."  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass' exit sealed in murder twist [THEORY]Umbrella Academy season 3: Elliot Page’s character comes out as trans [CAST]The Umbrella Academy season 3 undergoes major change ahead of return  [UPDATE] Elsewhere in the cast, Elliot Page and Netflix confirmed back in March 2022 that the series will also see his character transition, with the superhero sibling now called Viktor Hargreeves rather than Vanya. In support of the actor, along with a still shot from the new series, Netflix tweeted: "Welcome to the family, Viktor - we're so happy you're here." In response, a string of supportive messages to Page from fans were posted.  The episode titles for all 10 episodes have already been released by the streaming service. The Umbrella Academy season three's premiere episode will simply be called Meet the Family. Its synopsis reads: "The siblings get to know some more of the 43 children in an alternate timeline." The Umbrella Academy season 3 premieres on Wednesday, June 22, on Netflix.