Hydrangeas can be seen in gardens across the country, and are known for their vibrant flowers. The much-loved plants are known for their bright pink or blue flowers which can appear as a “mophead” or “lacecap”. Hydrangeas can be planted from January to April and from October to December. The plant flowers from April to October, making it a great choice for those looking to add a bit of extended colour to their gardens. However, the plant can start to look faded if it’s not positioned correctly. Too much sunlight can cause the flower’s colour to fade more quickly. In partnership with garden furniture company Bramblecrest, Terry Winters has offered his advice for keeping hydrangeas looking their best. READ MORE: How to stop grass turning yellow - 4 tips to keep lawn Terry, who owns Ordnance House in Wiltshire, exclusively told Express.co.uk that the plant’s name “gives away” what the plant’s preferred conditions are. He said: “Some Hydrangeas change colour quite naturally as they grow in summer while the colour of others very much depends on your soil type. “In chalky soil that colour will always be pink while in acid rich soils it will be true blue. “They do best in semi-shade so find the right spot. DON'T MISS‘Incredibly easy’ vegetables to grow on a balcony or patio [INSIGHT]‘Valuable’ kitchen essential to give gardens a boost without chemicals [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [ANALYSIS] “Of course, the word ‘Hydra’ in their name is a give-away to the plant’s preference. “It likes water, so clay soils are perfect but no matter what the soil, always add lots of lovely rich compost to the planting hole to ensure the roots can reach moisture and thrive.” Terry received an RHS Gold award for his garden in the My Chelsea Garden competition in 2020 which was held in conjunction between the Royal Horticultural Society and the BBC One Show. The gardening expert incredibly created and designed the Ordnance House garden from scratch. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Some bigleaf hydrangeas can actually change colour from pink to blue and vice versa if their soil conditions change. The plant can change colour in response to the amount of aluminium in the soil. This will depend on whether the soil is acidic or alkaline. Acidic soils mean aluminium is readily available to the hydrangea so it can absorb it.  However, the plant won’t be able to absorb the mineral into its roots from alkaline soils. Changing the pH of the soil can change the colour of a hydrangea. Gardeners will need to check the pH of their soil to determine how acidic or alkaline it is. Coffee grounds and egg shells can reportedly be used to change a soil’s pH levels.