The cost of living has made holidays more expensive and many families may be looking to make savings this year. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, a Wizz Air spokesperson shared the airline’s top money saving hacks. They said: “It’s second nature to book a return flight to the same airport that you flew from. “Returning to an airport in your home city, but not necessarily the same one you flew from can lead to big savings of up to £100.” Britons flying from London could try booking a return flight to a different London airport to see if they can save money. Tourists could also have a look for other options in their destination as using a different airport than the main one may be cheaper. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares classic tourist mistake - 'can't help you' The spokesperson said: “There are several comparison flights that present the flights that fall within your desired criteria. “When booking flights through a third party site, it costs up to £20 more. Booking directly through the site of the carrier sees that there is no commission structure in place and that the flight is lower in price.” British tourists can shop around to find the best prices for their flights. The best option may be to book directly with the airline, the expert claimed. However this may vary depending on the trip. Some third party sites may charge passengers extra for luggage or other costs so it’s best to check the terms and conditions before booking. The spokesperson added: “When several people are travelling together, searching flights as a group booking is likely to become expensive as the airlines tend to automatically seat the party together. “Booking seats separately may be time consuming, but it’s probable that it will serve as the most cost-effective method. “If a party of four is willing to sit apart, they could make a group saving of up to £200 per group.” Although this hack might not work for families, it could be a great option for friends who are happy to sit apart. Wizz’s spokesperson said: “Brands, including airlines, often post deals that offer promotional discounts. “Subscribing to newsletters and following them on social keeps you in the know and offers the opportunity to obtain discount codes for any upcoming flights. “Offers tend to be upwards of 10 percent, making a general saving of £80 for a party of four.” It’s a good idea to keep up to date with airline offers as tourists could be lucky and win a saving on their holiday. The spokesperson added: “It’s inevitable that flying in peak season will cost more financially than travelling in low season. “However, flying outside of peak days and hours will lower the costs. Night flights are often cheaper than day flights, as is flying mid-week as opposed to Friday, post-work. “Flying outside of peak days can lead to savings of up to £100.” If tourists can be flexible with their dates, it’s a great idea to check out mid-week flights outside of peak hours.