Arsenal could have a clear path to signing reported target Fabian Ruiz this summer, with Napoli listening to offers. The 26-year-old wants to leave Naples ahead of next season and has been linked with a switch to north London as Mikel Arteta looks to bolster his midfield. Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans have prominently featured in reports regarding Arteta's midfield shortlist this summer. However, Arsenal have also been among Premier League clubs linked with Fabian in recent months due to his uncertain situation in Italy. According to journalist Paolo Bargiggia, Fabian's desire to leave Napoli will prompt the club to 'exclude him' from their project if he fails to secure a move away. So Arsenal now have the opportunity to seal a cut-price deal for as low as £26million during the summer transfer window. He told 1 Football Club, via CalcioNapoli24: "The club is, in fact, having a tough approach with Fabian. The latter earns about €1.8m [£1.6m annually], his agents have never made a renewal request, but if they had to, they would certainly ask for a contract extension with a higher salary. JUST IN: Chelsea urged to beat Barcelona to Lewandowski amid Lukaku uncertainty "The player, however, wants to leave the team, so Napoli will listen to important offers, or he will probably be relegated to the bench, as he'll be excluded from the club's project. I bring back the interest from Arsenal and Juventus, even if the Bianconeri cannot make proposals worth €30-40m [£26-35m]." Pep Guardiola is understood to be eyeing Fabian as Ilkay Gundogan's potential replacement if the Germany international departs. Therefore, if Arsenal hold concrete interest in his services, Edu and Co. might have to move swiftly to avoid battling the Premier League champions. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye bargain, Liverpool mull price-tag Arteta also wants to reinforce his attack ahead of Alexandre Lacazette's inevitable exit as a free agent on July 1. The Gunners have been linked with numerous strikers and have also been credited with an interest in wantaway Leeds United winger Raphinha. Despite Mohamed Elneny renewing his contract at the Emirates Stadium, Arsenal are somewhat lean in the midfield department, and it's no surprise the Spaniard wants to bolster his options. If Fabian is the top target he lands it, a deal could quite quickly formalise, given the willingness to part ways between the player and his current club. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.