Max Verstappen will win the world championship with “three races to go”, in a blow to title rival Charles Leclerc and the Mercedes pair of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. Red Bull star Mark Webber claimed the team would “dominate the championship” as their car can “do everything”. He praises Christian Horner's team for having a car which has an “answer for anything at the moment” while writing off anyone else to clinch the crown in November. Webber told The Guardian: “Red Bull will continue to dominate this championship. “They have a car that is very good on downforce levels, on all compounds of tyre. It's like a tennis player on all surfaces or a golfer on all holes, short, long, chipping, putting, driving, the Red Bull can do everything. "Red Bull have pretty much an answer for anything at the moment, Max could wrap it up with three races to go." READ MORE: Horner called out over constant FIA complaints as Mercedes point made Leclerc was the dominant star of the 2022 season in the opening handful of races before his season self-destructed. The Ferrari star was ahead of Verstappen by 46 points after the Australian Grand Prix after a string of mechanical failures for the Red Bull team. However, the luck has shifted with Leclerc retiring from races in Spain and Azerbaijan. A strategy error in Monaco and a grid penalty in Canada has also put paid to the Monegasque’s early advantage. He is now 49 points behind Verstappen in the championship as the nearest non-Red Bull challenger. Meanwhile, Mercedes have new upgrades at Silverstone in a bid to close the gap to the leaders. DON'T MISSRed Bull copy Mercedes after Horner fears in boost for Verstappen [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen a 'racing monster' thanks to dad Jos [COMMENT]Red Bull chief names issue which could halt Verstappen 'domination' [ANALYSIS] Russell lies just 64 points behind Verstappen as his consistent top-five finishes puts him among the mix. Hamilton lies further back, 98 points behind but with the season not even at the halfway stage anything can still happen. Verstappen backs this up, claiming the championship table can “switch around very quickly”. He has also called on Red Bull to not get comfortable, warning the team was “not the quickest” in Canada despite winning the race. After the race in Montreal, the Dutchman said: “It's still a very long way. I know the gap of course is quite big, but I also know that it can switch around very quickly. I mean, [after] race three I was 46 behind, so we just need to stay calm, we need to focus and we need to improve because today we're not the quickest."