England players were booed by children as they took a knee ahead of the Nations League match against Hungary on Saturday. The match was originally due to be played behind closed doors in Budapest but authorities permitted local school children to attend the game accompanied by an adult. But as England took their stance against discrimination, they were booed by many of the youngsters in the crowd. The Hungary team did not take a knee. The fans held a minute's silence before kick-off following the death of former Hungary striker Istvan Szoke. However, they were less respectful just a few moments later. The Hungarian Football Federation were given a stadium ban after supporters displayed homophobic banners and aimed racist abuse at players during matches at Euro 2020 last year. It was a three-match ban with the third game being suspended. READ MORE: Tottenham 'weighing up' Allan Saint-Maximin transfer bid as Fabio Paratici pushes for deal  The first was set to be against England before the decision was made to allow kids to attend. The Three Lions recently played in Budapest last September in a World Cup qualifier. As the match was under FIFA regulations and not UEFA, the stadium ban did not come into effect. However, England players were subjected to racist abuse in the 4-0 win, with the HFF given another two-game ban and a £150,000 fine. Speaking to Channel 4 before this weekend's game, England boss Gareth Southgate reiterated the stance that there is no discrimination in football. And he was hoping for a better atmosphere than in September with the kids in attendance. He said: "I think a lot was said after that game (last time vs Hungary) and we’ve made our stance very clear as a team on what we stand for. There’s no room for discrimination in football, that said, there is an opportunity for young kids to come in and watch the game. DON'T MISS: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd make Nunez swap deal offer, £34m Arsenal swoop, Newcastle bid  "We have some coming in at Wolves and that will be a unique experience for them and we hope the message gets to them because the reason this happened is because of the unacceptable behaviour in the past." The match was the first of six for England before this year's World Cup in Qatar. Jarrod Bowen and James Justin were handed their debuts by Southgate. England play Germany on Tuesday and Italy next Saturday, before the return match against Hungary on June 14. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 