The 66-year-old Wimbledon stalwart Sue Barker announced she would be stepping down from covering the annual event after 30 years. The former tennis champion was back on BBC on Monday to start her final commentary on tennis' biggest competition, and her colleagues couldn't help but question her decision as they stated: "You can't be serious!"  In between coverage, former American champion and current commentator John McEnroe told Sue: "I've heard some very, very disturbing news." While she looked confused, he continued: "Is it possibly true that this is your last Wimbledon?" Sue laughed as her colleague added: "You cannot be serious! Are you kidding me? You're an icon here! "We all agreed we can only go on as long as you can, now you're putting pressure on us - what's going to happen next?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Faith Dingle unveils tragic family secret Sue replied: "Listen, 30 years! I thought, 'you better get out before -" She was cut off by John though, who turned to Tim Henman and asked: "Are we going to be at the tournament next year?" "Not sure, not sure..." the retired player admitted. He joked: "I think Sue said 30 years working with you, she wasn't sure if she could carry on, so." "You two probably think it's 29 years too late that I'm going, but never mind," the tennis legend remarked. "No of course not!" John responded. "We've got to savour every last day here." Expressing his shock again, he added: "This is unbelievable!" In an official statement regarding her Wimbledon departure earlier this month, Sue explained: "What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. "I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best." DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Jean Johansson taken aback by couple's refusal [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts to face deadly exit [THEORY]Gogglebox fans ecstatic as Johnny Ball makes rare appearance [REACTION] Reflecting on her history at the event Tim Davie, Director General of the BBC said: “Sue Barker has been the face and voice of Wimbledon for three decades. "Many of our viewers will not know of a summer in SW19 without her. "She is a consummate professional, an outstanding presenter and a wonderful colleague, loved by current and former players, all of us at the BBC and audiences across the UK and beyond. Her contribution to tennis, the BBC, sports presenting and for blazing a trail for women in broadcasting cannot be overstated." After 30 years at the helm of live sports broadcasting, Sue's decision came as a shock to fans throughout the sporting world. Other events Sue has been renowned for covering include the Olympic Games, the Commonwealth Games, World Athletics Championships, the London Marathon, the Grand National, Royal Ascot and Sports Personality of the Year. Sue was the first woman to lead a presentation for a crown jewel event on the BBC. Her Wimbledon exit comes after she shocked fans last year when she left her role on BBC's A Question of Sport. Wimbledon airs weekdays from 11am on BBC One.