This is the first time that the 96-year-old monarch has met Lilibet who was born in June last year. However, there has been no final confirmation from Buckingham Palace on the development.  Harry and Meghan took their children to Windsor Castle to see their great-grandmother soon after they arrived in the UK, MailOnline stated. The report suggested that Lilibet will be celebrating her first birthday in the UK and it is anticipated that, given that Her Majesty has cancelled her trip to the Epsom Derby and will not be attending Saturday’s Party at the Palace, the Queen will make time to see her grandson and his children again. It is also very likely that Prince Charles will get to meet his grandchildren too. According to royal commentator Omid Scobie, co-author of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s biography Finding Freedom, the couple introduced their youngest child to the Queen on Thursday.   The meeting comes ahead of Lilibet’s first birthday today. Meghan and Harry’s second child Lilibet was named in tribute to the Queen, whose childhood nickname was Lilibet. When Lili's birth was announced last year, the couple explained through their Archewell organisation why they named her Lili. Their statement read: “Lili is named after her great-grandmother, Her Majesty The Queen, whose family nickname is Lilibet. READ MORE: Duke fumes after UK crowds heckle him and Meghan  “Her middle name, Diana, was chosen to honour her beloved late grandmother, The Princess of Wales.” The couple, in a statement, detailed their first impressions of Lili: “On June 4, we were blessed with the arrival of our daughter, Lili. “She is more than we could have ever imagined, and we remain grateful for the love and prayers we’ve felt from across the globe. “Thank you for your continued kindness and support during this very special time for our family.” DON'T MISS: GB news: 'Difficult to adjust' to King after Queen UK weather: Brits bask in 25C Jubilee heatwave Zelensky lauds Ukraine’s ‘testament to the faith’ “Her middle name, Diana, was chosen to honour her beloved late grandmother, The Princess of Wales.” The couple, in a statement, detailed their first impressions of Lili: “On June 4, we were blessed with the arrival of our daughter, Lili. “She is more than we could have ever imagined, and we remain grateful for the love and prayers we’ve felt from across the globe. “Thank you for your continued kindness and support during this very special time for our family.”  The name Lilibet was coined when the then Princess Elizabeth was a toddler in the 1920s and struggled to pronounce her own name properly. The Queen’s father George VI was quoted as saying of his daughters: “Lilibet is my pride. Margaret is my joy.” The nickname was also used by the monarch’s late husband, Prince Philip, as well as close family and friends. 