Jewellery expert Izzie Balmer failed to give in to her instincts when she decided to purchase two brooches during the latest instalment of BBC's Antiques Road Trip. Izzie also managed to find a Middle Eastern spice box set. Wanting to buy both items and not having enough, Izzie asked for a discount and managed to score an impressive amount in savings. Kicking off the day's hunt, Izzie started with £389.50, with co-star Phillip Serrell way ahead, starting with £442.80. The first item that caught Izzie's eye was a brooch that was on sale for £85, to which she decided to take the risk. After asking the dealer what they could do with the price, Izzie managed to get it down to £60. Taking herself off to Oxford, Izzie came across yet another brooch, to which she instantly became drawn too. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting "I've tried really, really hard to avoid the jewellery cabinets, and I have utterly failed, but it is an absolutely fantastic brooch. "This is a Dorrie Nossiter, most of her work came out of the 1930s, and she is known for her use of bold and vibrant colour. "She is known for the use of curves in her designs, and she also used semi-precious materials, this is set in silver, but she does also do things in gold. "The big but as ever is the price, £345," which was more than Izzie could afford. However, she explained: "I really really like it and I would love to briefly own this, this is the last brooch I promise." The next item that caught Izzie's eye was the spice set which she thought could have been from the Middle East or India. "What I haven't seen before is a spice box with all of its content, don't ask me how all of those fit inside of there, no idea. "I am wondering what these spice boxes would have contained. In all honesty, I am not too sure where this is from. "Unfortunately, there is a fairly major shoulder repair, and they have soldered it on wonky, there is a crack here, very battered at the hinge. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt’s Izzie Balmer gives insight into career away from BBC  [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip expert despairs over huge loss from letterbox [WATCH]Antiques Road Trip: Roo Irvine gets 'goosebumps' discussing first find [MORE] "I do like cooking, and hopefully someone else will, and they would want this well-loved spice box to go to a new home to find use again." The spice box was labelled at £73, and it was soon time for Izzie to work her charm on shop owner Vince to get a good deal on the price. The price of both of the items came to £420, which was £88 over budget for Izzie, as she explained to Vince: "As ever, they are a little bit too much for me, please can I have a hefty discount?" Vince said he was prepared to negotiate a deal for the items, bringing the brooch down to £140 and the spice box to £25. Shocked, Izzie exclaimed: "Oh, I wasn't expecting that! Yes, okay, thank you so so much, you have been a gem." Izzie spotted one more item with her remaining money, which was a victorian dressing case which she bought for £160. When it came to the auction, Izzie made a profit on every item and ended the day with £381.70, jumping into the lead. Unfortunately for Phillip, he had a "clean-sweep" of losses as none of his items made a profit, ending his day with £314.10. Antiques Road Trip airs weekdays from 4:30pm on BBC One.