Chancellor Scholz made the case for granting Ukraine and its small neighbouring republic Moldova the status of EU accession candidates during a visit to Kyiv on Thursday. Speaking in Ukraine’s capital Kyiv, the SPD politician said: “Germany is in favour of a positive decision in favour of Ukraine. This also applies to the Republic of Moldova.” He added: "Ukraine belongs to the European family." Chancellor Scholz arrived in Kyiv on Thursday on a joint trip with France’s President Emmanuel Macron and Italy’s Prime Minister Mario Draghi to show support for Ukraine as it battles Russia's advances in the east of the country. Both Chancellor Scholz and President Macron are pushing for Ukraine and Moldova to be recognised as candidates for EU membership. Speaking at a press conference after meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, the two leaders voiced their support for granting EU candidate status. President Macron said: “We support Ukraine's accession status to the European Union in any case.” The European Commission is expected to recommend formal candidate status for Ukraine and Moldova on Friday. However, the final decision on whether to allow the pairs’ EU bid to move forward must be unanimous among all 27 member states, who are due to gather for a European Council summit in Brussels next week.   Ukraine’s President Zelensky officially applied for the country to join the EU just four days after Russian forces invaded the country on February 24, although Ukraine has sought candidate status since 2014. Moldova and Georgia also officially put in requests to join the bloc since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Speaking on February 28, President Zelensky asked the EU to “urgently admit Ukraine using a new procedure...our goal is to be with all Europeans and, to be equal to them. I am sure we deserve it. I am sure it is possible.” Four months on, the bloc remains divided over the question of Ukraine’s accession. Most eastern EU countries, such as Poland and the Baltics, strongly support granting Ukraine candidate status, with some also suggesting the country’s bid should be fast-tracked in light of Russia’s growing offensive. Officials in some EU states, such as Denmark and Portugal, have indicated a strong reluctance to grant Ukraine candidate status, arguing that the country is a long way from meeting the qualifications for starting membership talks. Other EU governments have voiced their support for moving Ukraine’s candidacy bid forward but are pushing for conditions that make it clear that accession negotiations could not take place until the country is at peace.   Many western European countries including France, Germany and the Netherlands have stressed that candidate status is just the first step in a very long application process and there can be no fast-track system. They have emphasised that several countries in the Western Balkans have been in negotiations for years. Speaking at a news conference with Moldovan President Maia Sandu on Wednesday, France’s President Macron said he expected the European Council to give a clear signal on Ukraine and Moldova’s bid next week. He said: “I don’t think there’ll be an intermediate status, nor an intermediate answer. “I don’t want to anticipate the decision, because my role is to build a consensus. But my wish is to send a positive clear message on this topic. “But we have to take into consideration other member states and countries that are already in the candidacy process in the Western Balkans.” 