Faith (played by Sally Dexter) has never had the best of relationships with her children, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) on Emmerdale. This is because of things which have happened in their past which viewers of the ITV soap will learn about in next week's episodes as Faith is told her cancer is incurable. However, it seems she could also find out some things about her children which will shock her to the core, including a secret involving the village villain, Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). The drama begins as the day of Faith's scan arrives in which she will discover whether her cancer has spread or has come manageable. Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb), who was the first to discover her mother-in-law was ill, encourages Cain to go with the Dingle matriarch. Unfortunately, it seems his resentment toward his mother is too strong to overcome as Chas finds him having a drink in the Woolpack. Cain's wife is furious to discover Faith had to go through the scan on her own and berates her husband for being so cold-hearted. She tries once more to persuade her other half to step up to the plate and the next day, he thaws towards his mother. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies opts out of property search He decides to go and see her so her can give her a card made by her grandson but he also sticks around to talk to her for a bit. Whilst Moira is finally happy to see them talking, Chas isn't convinced this is the perfect family everyone is making it out to be. It's not too long before Faith gets a phone call from the hospital and is told to come to see a doctor about her results. Chas is extremely anxious but she agrees to go with her mother, hoping it will be good news and they can return home so Faith can rest. The medical professionals inform the mother and daughter duo the cancer has spread and there is little treatment can do now. Talking about the next steps, Faith tells the doctors she doesn't want any more chemotherapy and wants to enjoy the most of the life she has left. Chas is tearful and pleads with her mother to give chemotherapy another chance but as she realises Faith isn't budging, she faces the reality of the next few months. When they return to the village, Chas rages at her brother as it seems they have differing opinions on their mother's treatment. Needing some space from her family, Chas decides to meet up with Al, with who she has been seeking support and comfort from recently. The pair share a passionate kiss and at first, the ruthless businessman doesn't think it's a good idea given how vulnerable Chas is. DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] However, he soon embraces her as he wants her to become reliant on him to help her deal with her grief over losing her mother. As this is going on, Cain is seen walking around the field, trying to come to terms with the fact his mother doesn't have long left. It's not too long before Moira joins him and implores him to be open with his mother as he doesn't know how long left he has with her. Instead of seeing Faith, he calls on his sister for a private chat and this is the special episode focussing on the aftermath of the matriarch's latest news. Leaving her children to it, Faith spends the night telling her friends Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) and Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop) that she is going to die soon. Faith reflects on the problems she's always had with her son Cain as he sits and tells his sister of the traumatic memories their mother ingrained in his mind. Chas can see, for the first time, the pain their mother caused him, albeit inadvertently. Throughout the night, they look back on their childhood and this brings the sibling duo closer together and Cain agrees he needs to give his mother another chance. The brother and sister go their separate ways but on good terms after the long night together but only time will tell if the bad boy can make things right with Faith. It's not too long before Chas receives a text from Al about meeting up again and this time, it seems she wants to go the whole way with him. Unfortunately for her, despite hiding her affair with Al from Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt), her secret affair could be discovered by Faith. As the character becomes weaker and weaker, she could become more sleepy and spend most of her time going in and out of consciousness. However, she could overhear a phone call Chas takes in which she admits she has been seeing Al and sleeping with him. Just before her death, Faith could tell her daughter she knows the truth, but will she be loyal to Chas or expose the secret? The actress who plays Chas, Lucy, has spoken about the special episode between her character and Cain, stating: "Chas is desperate for her brother to reconnect with their mother before it's too late and these scenes really explore the reasons behind their complicated relationship. "Chas and Cain have a real heart-to-heart and I loved having the opportunity to explore their past once again. The scenes were emotional to film and I'm really looking forward to seeing how they come together as part of a really moving episode." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.