Claudia Winkleman is best known for presenting Strictly Come Dancing on BBC One alongside Tess Daly and her BBC Radio 2 show. However, Claudia is taking a step away from her comfort zone and venturing into the world of quiz shows, becoming the host of Channel 4's newest series, One Question. The presenter recently opened up about her new role and admitted that she thought she would ever do a quiz show. Touching on her latest role, she explained: "I never wanted to do a quiz show because I’d be useless at explaining the rules. "One Question was deeply appealing because it’s so freakishly straightforward. One question for all the cash. "That’s it. We give the contestants the correct answers, along with 19 incorrect ones. The producers described it, and I thought, 'My family and I would love to play that,' so that was that," she told Radio Times. The latest Channel 4 series will see Claudia invite a pair of contestants to answer just one question to win a £100,000 prize READ MORE: Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser However, the contestants will be faced with the possibility of 20 answers, but only one of them will be correct. Their goal is to eliminate the wrong answers one by one, getting them a step closer to the prize money, but if they choose the correct answer, the game is over. Claudia revealed she was "ridiculously excited" to be taking on the new role and told Channel 4: "There’s no time limit, no buzzers, no complicated rules. A sofa, a chat, just one question that could win our players £100,000. "Not only that, we give them the answer. The tricky part is we give them 19 wrong answers too. I’ve bought a new black sweater, and the studio has a toasted sandwich maker. I can’t wait.” Phil Harris, Head of Entertainment and Events, Channel 4, commented: “We’re delighted to have Claudia fronting this nail-biting new prime-time game show on Channel 4. "With her unmistakable charm and wit, we’ll really get to know each of the contestants as they strive towards a potentially life-changing jackpot.” Chalkboard TV’s Mike Benson, the Executive Producer, added: “One Question is another original primetime quiz format from Chalkboard and has all the universal themes for a breakout international hit. "With Claudia’s infectious warmth and humour, we know she’ll make our contestants feel at ease as they wrestle with this seemingly easy but actually devilishly difficult game.” DON'T MISS...'Feel quite strongly' Claudia Winkleman on children wearing makeup [INSIGHT]Claudia Winkleman compares herself to 'flawless' Tess Daly [LATEST]Claudia Winkleman forced to apologise over 'disgusting' bedtime habit [WATCH] Claudia recently opened up about wanting to walk away from her presenting stint on Strictly over fears that it would clash with her son's move to university. Appearing on Radio 4's Woman's Hour, she revealed she called BBC bosses and said: "I phoned the boss of Strictly quite dramatically and said, through tears, 'Sarah, I love you. I don't want to leave Strictly, and Tess and I have agreed we will leave together when they're done with us, but if the first show is September 13, I'm out, and you'll have to go with somebody else.'" She added: "And there was a beat. And she said, 'Quite dramatic. We don't start that week.' I was like, 'Alright. I have to go and put up his posters.' "It's not that I love him more than others love their kids, but this is something parents have to go through." Presenting duo Claudia and Tess are set to return to host the next season, with judges Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse, Shirley Ballas and Anton du Beke also returning. Since the announcement of the returning judges and professional dancers, rumours have been rife as to who will be joining the line-up for the latest season. One surprising name that has been pulled is royalty Mike Tindall and Lady Louise Windsor, with claims Strictly bosses are doing "all they can" in the year of the Jubilee. According to The Sun, a source claimed: "The team are doing all they can, in the year of the Platinum Jubilee, it has been a real priority, it would be an incredible coup to secure a royal." One Question starts on Friday, 24 June at 8pm on Channel 4 and online on All 4.