Adam Woodyatt, 53, is known for playing the iconic Ian Beale in BBC's EastEnders and most recently took part in I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! The actor has revealed in a new interview that he was told by doctors he needed to give up drinking after he suffered a stomach issue, which pushed him to shed an incredible three stone. Adam admitted in his interview that due to his drinking habits his "liver was taking a hammering", leading doctors to give him a stern warning. He said: "I went into hospital with a stomach issue and they pointed out my liver was probably taking a bit of a hammering. "They said, 'Look, give your liver a rest for six weeks, we’ll do some tests'. Then Covid happened and six weeks became 12 weeks. "And I thought, 'Do you know what — I’ve cracked this, I don’t miss it, I'm better off without it'." READ MORE: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux He continued: "With giving up alcohol, the weight drops off and because the weight drops off it was earlier to cycle, so it was easier to stay fit", Adam told The Sun. The former EastEnders star did however admit that this doesn't mean he will be giving up booze forever, but at the moment he is "quite happy not drinking". Recently, Adam slammed EastEnders bosses for turning Ian Beale into a "sociopath" on the show. He claimed that due to this, his character had become "very unpopular" due to his "rude" ways. Adam joined the soap in 1985 and quit in January last year. Ian hit rock bottom on the soap in 2020 when he split from his long-term wife Jane, played by Laurie Brett. Speaking to Kate Thornton on her podcast White Wine Question Time, Adam admitted: "The character evolved. If you think back in the 80s, he was a spotty, teenage kid. "He was getting bullied at school, his dad wanted him to do boxing. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Alice Evans sets up fundraiser to pay for divorce from Ioan Gruffudd [COMMENT] Ex-Olympic swimmer Sharron Davies calls for transgender ban [OPINION] "It's been a very, very long journey. But don't get me wrong, I don't always think that some of the changes were right. "Maybe they should've chosen other directions to go but they weren't my decisions. They were stuff the bosses chose. He added: "Did it make Ian unpopular? Yeah, at times. He was quite forthright and quite rude to everyone, even people he loved." Since the soap, Adam took part in the latest series of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!, entering later alongside fellow soap star Simon Gregson. He was eliminated on day 18, finishing sixth place on the show. Former Emmerdale star Danny Miller took the win for the year, with Simon coming second on the show. This year will see the show return to Australia following Covid after it was hosted at Gwrych Castle in Wales. The return to Australia is due to the opening of their international borders from February this year.