Kitty the puppy was left at the shelter with severe glaucoma, exacerbated by neglect, which has left her blind in one eye. Arundawn Shelter in West Sussex took Kitty in and believe she was formerly mistreated by a breeder. She has been described as "timid" but "wants to make friends" with other dogs. After being "dumped" at the specialist rescue centre she was assessed and now has to have her right eye removed as a result of her previous owner's neglect. It is still not certain what breed Kitty is after she was received on June 7 at the Sussex shelter. The shelter has been struggling to find a new owner for the shy puppy and has been looking further afield to London in the hopes that someone will be able to give her a forever home. A spokesperson for Arundawn Dog Shelter told MyLondon: "Yes - ANOTHER dog dumped with medical problems and in an appalling state of neglect! Kitty is not even two years old. Dumped with her eye in a horrid mess. Almost certainly glaucoma (probably genetically inherited) and now blind. She will need surgery to remove the eye." Describing her coat as "matted and filthy", they added: "She is very timid but wants to be friends. After assessment, she will be looking for a foster home with a hopeful view to forever." After Kitty was taken under the shelter's wing, they assessed her and she will go for treatment next Monday (June 13). The photos of Kitty's ill health created a storm on social media with animal lovers describing their "horror that an animal could ever be treated so badly". It is alleged that the glaucoma was a result of her previous owners' neglect and lack of ability to look after the young pup.   Posting an update following Kitty's rescue, Arundawn confirmed that Kitty was now "eating well". It said: "Kitty is booked in to have the much-needed surgery to remove her damaged eye next Monday. In the meantime, she is eating well, now wormed and will have a full groom on Saturday after giving her a little more time to learn to trust." The shelter gave advice for anyone looking to foster Kitty. It said: "If applying please do so through the application forms on the website. No children under 15 please, no cats, and ideally another dog as she seems to gain confidence from canine company. I currently have her kennelled with another dog happily." If you want to learn more about adopting a dog, or help out Kitty, head to Arundawn's website here.