As announced by Sir Graham Brady, the Prime Minister is set to face a no-confidence vote as support for the leader within the Tory party dwindles. At least 54 Conservative MPs have submitted letters of no confidence against Boris Johnson to the backbench 1922 Committee. Tory MP’s have observed the public fallout concerning the Prime Minister’s involvement in partygate as the full Sue Gray report revealed the details of lawbreaking within Number Ten. However, political editor for the BBC Chris Mason has suggested the no confidence vote has emerged from a Conservative fear that the Prime Minister’s reputation could cause significant Tory losses in upcoming elections.    Mr Mason suggested the letters of no confidence in the Prime Minister had been provoked by a series of controversial leadership decisions rather than partygate alone. Speaking on BBC Breakfast, he said: “This is an indication of a culmination of frustrations that the Prime Minister has provoked in the minds of many of his MPs. “Not just partygate, although that has been the stimulus that has caused this vote to happen right now. “Also , an irritation from Conservatives that they’re not sure they can believe him anymore, that they trust him to deliver on the promises he was elected upon.”  The political journalist suggested Conservative MPs have grown doubtful over the Prime Minister’s capability in delivering Tory election promises given his current preoccupation with party divisions and public criticism. Mr Mason continued: “There’s a real fear, bluntly, from some Conservatives that if Boris Johnson is their leader, going into the next general election, they will lose. “One of the rebels said to me yesterday, either the electorate make the decision or we make the decision for the electorate on their behalf. “Conservative MPs are simply fearful that if they don’t switch to a different leader, they might lose a general election.” Read more: Boris urged for 'more forward looking policy' Mr Mason acknowledged that supporters of the Prime Minister have denounced the vote as “disruptive” as the criticism of Mr Johnson distracts from serious matters of public concern, such as the cost of living crisis. He added: “The one lesson of politics is that voters hate divided parties that are squabbling amongst themselves and are self obsessed and looking inward rather than looking outward, to solving the country’s problems. “They are frustrated that all of this row gives that impression. “Wherever you look in the Conservative party this morning, there’s a sense of gloom.” Don't miss:Snivelling MPs must leave Boris to govern, blasts JAMES WHALE [COMMENT]Tory plotters already expect to FAIL in no confidence vote [INSIGHT]Tory plotters' 13 point plan to destroy Boris in confidence vote [REVEAL] Mr Johnson is set to face the anonymous no-confidence vote on Monday evening, just hours after the public announcement that the threshold of letters to the 1922 Committee had been reached and a vote would occur. Sir Graham Brady has not confirmed exactly how many letters were received by the Committee although in a statement shortly after the announcement he explained the threshold of 54 letters was reached at some point over the bank holiday for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The findings of the partygate investigation conducted by Sue Gray has acted as a catalyst for criticism of the Prime Minister as Mr Johnson faces an internal crisis of support from members of his own party. Mr Mason suggested concerned Tory MPs would be hoping to oust Johnson in order to salvage Conservative party reputation before a general election takes place.  