When women hit their 50s, weight gain among a combination of other factors can make it all too easy to pack on the pounds. The weight most women tend to put on during menopause tends to be belly fat, something many experts have warned it's not something to ignore since the fat around a person's midsection has been shown to raise the risk for cardiovascular disease.  And while some my think everything is lost while they're going through the change, Dr Sylvia Garcia revealed "it’s not too late" to adopt healthy habits". She said: "Your 50s are a really important age for you to look at yourself and make changes that you may not have had the chance to make when you were younger," she said. There are various ways to prevent weight gain and beat the belly fat, including: READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "Many women don’t want to be weighed when they visit the doctor but it’s crucial to step on the scale anyway," said Dr Garcia. "It’s important to know if you’ve gained weight so you can discuss with your doctor what may be causing the extra pounds and how you can get rid of them." She advised a person's GP may have some "creative solutions" that could work. Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] When it comes to age, a person's metabolism starts to slow down considerably and that means "every bite counts". To fend off extra pounds, Dr Garcia suggested a good rule of thumb is to consume about "200 fewer calories a day" than you normally would. This advice is backed by the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, which reveals it "will keep your sluggish metabolism from getting the best of you". If a person tracks what they eat on a daily basis this can increase awareness of how much they're consuming. This in turn can help reduce mindless munching, and Dr Debra DeJoseph suggests downloading an app to help. "Just be sure to enter your intake in real time while you’re eating, rather than at the end of the day by recall," she said. "If you wait until later, you’ll be less likely to accurately enter your foods." In addition to helping lose weight, vegetarian meal can "reduce your saturated fat intake". Just one meal a week is enough and it can also protect from chronic conditions such as heart disease, according to the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Experts advise focusing this meal around vegetables, adding beans and/or lentils to make sure there's enough protein consumed. Dr DeJoseph revealed that muscle loss begins when a person hits 40 and will continue unless they make an effort to be physically active. "Your goal is to maintain your muscle mass, so don’t worry about trying to gain muscle like you did when you were younger," she said. Aerobic exercise like walking, biking, and swimming can help keep you fit but strength training is the key to fighting muscle loss, according to the International Osteoporosis Foundation.