The mother-of-three used her natural motherly skills to ensure the three royal youngsters, Prince George, Louis and Princess Charlotte were comfortable during the event. Kate was pictured whispering to her youngest Prince Louis while he looked slightly distressed by the loud noise of the RAF flypast. It was the Cambridge children's first major royal outing together while hundreds of cameras and thousands of people gathered to watch the historic occasion. Adrienne Carter, a body language and facial expressions expert, watched the event closely and found that the Duchess had taken precautions to properly protect her children. She said this even included the spot the three youngsters were standing in.  The family joined other working members of the firm and their children on the Palace balcony to watch the military spectacular during the day's events. Speaking about the family's balcony appearance, Ms Carter told Daily Star: "These are genuine smiles from Kate, and she's ensuring everyone sees a close family body. "There are genuine smiles and enjoyment from the Queen as well. "In fact, they are all interacting naturally and with genuine enjoyment!"  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry make OFFICIAL return to Royal Family life Princess Charlotte, 7, Prince George, 8, and Prince Louis, 4, joined their mother and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in a carriage at the event, which marked the first official event for the Queen's seventieth year on the throne. The three children sat side-by-side and waved to the cheering crowds in The Mall. Charlotte looked adorable in a floaty blue dress, while the eldest, Prince George looked smart in a navy suit. Prince Louis wore a sailor's outfit similar to the outfit his father, Prince William, wore at the same event in 1985. DON'T MISS: How to make the Queen's favourite tipple to celebrate the Jubilee [INSIGHT]Femi savages 'rabid royalists' defending Queen celebrations [INSIGHT]KEY aspect of ALL the Queen’s Jubilees that has been ‘overlooked’ [ANALYHSIS] Prince Louis and his older sister appeared to come to blows in the royal carriage after Charlotte pushed Louis' hand down when his waving became very enthusiastic. The Duke of Cambridge didn't join his wife and three children in the carriage as he rode on horseback In the parade, along with his father, Prince Charles and Princess Anne. After arriving at Horse Guards for the parade, the children were then seen bowing their heads as they received the salute. They were later spotted peering out of the central window at Horse Guards Parade and later appeared on the balcony for the National Anthem.