 Meghan Markle and her husband, Prince Harry, will make their first public appearance in the UK since they stepped down from their senior positions in the Firm and moved stateside two years ago. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are scheduled to return to the UK for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this weekend. While the couple are expected to attend events throughout the special, four-day bank holiday, it has been confirmed that they will not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony following Trooping the Colour. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  The event, which takes place on Thursday, marks the Queen’s official birthday and will kick off the Jubilee festivities. It will be the first time the parade has taken place in its traditional form in three years, having been modified in 2020 and 2021 due to coronavirus restrictions. The 2019 event also marked Meghan and Harry’s final appearance during the monarch’s annual birthday parade, during which the duchess sparked a media frenzy among royal watchers when she made a “mistake” and was subsequently “told off” by Harry. A video from the balcony showed Harry looking backwards and appearing to speak to someone off camera.  Meghan then turned around and appeared to say something to her husband, he then muttered something to her before she turned her head to the ground. Moments later, the duchess turned to face Harry before he seemed to tell her to “turn around”. Lip reader Tina Lannin confirmed the message, claiming the prince said: "No he hasn't. Oh fine. Turn around." Meghan then composed herself and turned back around, this time sporting a straight face.  It was spotted by thousands of royal fans, who claimed Harry was “telling Meghan off.” The video went viral on Twitter, after it was captioned: “Prince Harry telling Meghan Markle to turn around at Trooping The Colour.” One fan replied: “Wow.. first time I've noticed Harry telling her off.” However, further detail surrounding the moment later emerged suggesting that Harry was actually just helping his wife out.  The original clip had no sound, but the full footage showed it was just a second or so before the National Anthem started playing. This indicates that the duke could have been telling the duchess the music was about to start, making sure that she was not caught out looking the wrong way. While Meghan and Harry have been excluded from this year’s Trooping the Colour balcony appearance, it has been suggested that they could be invited onto the balcony later in the weekend. Omid Scobie, co-author of ‘Finding Freedom’, claimed the couple could make a "surprise appearance" on Sunday.  The duke and duchess have been invited to attend other events during the weekend, and Mr Scobie said: “We'll definitely see Harry and Megan at the Thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral." They will return to the UK with their two children — three-year-old Archie and Lilibet, who is days away from her first birthday. While Archie has not returned since the Sussexes’ exit, Lilibet has never visited her father’s home country. The 11-month old is expected to meet her namesake, Queen Elizabeth II, and the rest of the Royal Family for the first time.  Following the announcement of their decision to travel, a spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, are excited and honoured to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children."