The Prince made an emotional speech about his mother during Saturday's Platinum Party at the Palace concert in front of Buckingham Palace. The star-studded concert, in front of 22,000 people, saw the likes of Diana Ross, Alicia Keys and Eurovision runner-up Sam Ryder perform.  In his speech the Prince said he wanted to pay tribute to Her Majesty's lifetime of selfless service and extend thanks on behalf of the nation. During his tribute the Prince Charles revealed what drives the monarch, particularly as she becomes the first British monarch to reach their Platinum Jubilee. He said: “I know what really gets my mother up in the morning is all of you – watching at home, represented here tonight in this great audience. “The scale of this evening’s celebration – and the outpouring of warmth and affection over this whole Jubilee weekend – is our way of saying thank you – from your family, the country, the Commonwealth, in fact the whole world.  “On behalf of us all, I wanted to pay my own tribute to your lifetime of selfless service. "Your family now spans four generations. You are our Head of State. And you are also our mother.” During the speech the Prince of Wales also touchingly referenced his late father the Duke of Edinburgh, who passed away in April 2021 aged 99. He continued: “Your 'strength and stay' is much missed this evening but I am sure he is here in spirit… My Papa would have enjoyed the show and joined us wholeheartedly in celebrating all you continue to do for your country and your people. READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in'  “Looking back, we think of the countless State occasions that are milestones along this nation’s road. “And you will think of red boxes, filled with Government papers, at the end of the day. “You will remember those who have led this country, indeed, all the countries you serve and leaders across the world. “How things have changed…We think of all you have done to make the Commonwealth such an important force for good. DON'T MISS:  Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan [REVEAL] Prince William's reassuring words to Prince George at Jubilee concert  [INSIGHT] Levin claims Harry and Meghan 'absolutely furious' at Jubilee seating   [SPOTLIGHT]  “You continue to make history.” His speech came after Prince William paid an emotional tribute to his grandmother. 