Samson (played by Sam Hall) has had a crush on Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) for quite some time on Emmerdale and a couple of weeks ago, he plucked up the courage to tell her. Unfortunately, as she continues to suffer from self-confidence issues, Amelia rejected him and left him devastated as he knew they could only be friends. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, it could be revealed he is the one who is making his love interest gravely ill. The drama begins in next week's episodes as Amelia continues with her obsession with aesthetics, wanting to look exactly like the filtered influencers she looks up to on social media. Having watched her friend change over the past few months, Cathy Hope (Gabrielle Dowling) is growing more frustrated Amelia doesn't see the dangers. Wanting to get her friend off her back, Amelia tells Cathy to try and make another go of things with Samson, as she admitted she had a crush on him earlier this year. Unfortunately, it will seem the young man isn't interested as he continues to fawn over the girl who rejected him as they spend time at the park. Tragedy soon strikes as when in the presence of her friends, Amelia ends up collapsing and is left in a state of unconsciousness. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? Samson and Cathy rush to her side and before they know it, Amelia is coming around and telling them there is nothing to worry about. The young woman explains she didn't have anything to eat earlier in the day and this is what caused her to collapse. However, both Cathy and viewers know the youngster has been drinking weight gaining syrup recently and this could be behind the incident. Although the substance is dangerous in its own right, it could be Samson is actually messing with the dosages as a cruel act of revenge. Not happy with being rejected and knowing Amelia was interested in taking supplements, he could have ordered some himself. This way, whenever he was around her, he could slip some powder into the bottle she was drinking to poison her, making her incredibly ill. Seeing Amelia collapse could have made him have second thoughts as he would have worried for a split second he could have killed her. It could be he will now try to stop his love interest from taking any supplement at all as the amount he has given her is way over the regulated dosage. Worrying if she takes anymore she will end up dead, will Samson admit what he has done to his friend and how will she react? With Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) being arrested for stalking Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland) after she rejected him, it could be the same thing that will happen to Samson. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT]'Traumatising' Emmerdale's Mark Charnock humiliated on the train [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Jeff Hordley addresses behind the scenes ‘trouble’ [COMMENT] However, having almost killed Amelia, he could be looking at a long stint behind bars for poisoning the young woman. The young man has never shown any intention of hurting anyone but he could have seen what Noah did and thought it was acceptable to treat people this way. Amelia's collapse could be a huge wake-up call and he would certainly need some professional help to try and break down exactly why he thought it was the right decision to make. Last year, the actor who plays Samson, Sam, spoke out about his character and other younger characters taking centre stage in some bigger storylines. "I think it’s great to give the teenagers these storylines as it gives us a chance to film something different and show the younger people in the village," he said. Sam continued: "I love the scenes where he is getting up to no good without a doubt. I would be friends with Samson in real life because deep down he is a good lad. "From the day I started everyone was so supportive and kind. "Being in the Dingle family meant growing up with characters like Lisa, Zak, and Sam who are as great off-screen as they are on screen. "With the Dingle family growing ever bigger, it gives me the chance to film with other great characters like Lydia, Vinny and Mandy. "As my character gets older, it gives me the opportunity to be in bigger storylines and the chance to develop Samson’s character," he told Metro.co.uk. Taking to Twitter, viewers have been sharing their thoughts on Samson and Amelia being a couple, rather than just being friends. Ryan wrote: "Amelia and Samson would be good together." Vanity Pending added: "Amelia and Samson work well together and would make a cute teen couple which is why they will never go there #emmerdale don’t believe in nice couples!" Caitlin commented on the social media platform: "Aww I love Amelia and Samson. They're both very sweet. #Emmerdale." "Samson is decent unlike creepy Noah who is a step away from committing an offence #Emmerdale," Michelle shared. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.