Liverpool look set to be closing in on Benfica striker Darwin Nunez after reportedly agreeing an £85million deal for the ace. The Uruguay international has been compared to his compatriot Edinson Cavani, who is set to depart Manchester United when his contract at Old Trafford expires at the end of this month. So it appears the Red Devils have missed out on an ideal replacement for their forward. “I think Darwin can slightly change the way Liverpool play,” transfer guru Fabrizio Romano said as he revealed the Merseyside club's transfer plans for the player. “Certainly he is a more traditional striker than Roberto Firmino or Diogo Jota. “In the Liverpool scouting department they have always considered him as a similar type of centre-forward to Edinson Cavani. That’s certainly a compliment to the player, but it will be interesting to see how it might change the way Jurgen Klopp’s side play if a deal is completed.” Cavani has been a prolific goalscorer throughout his illustrious career and found the back of the net 200 times in 301 games for Paris Saint-Germain prior to his move to Old Trafford. The 35-year-old also bagged 104 goals in 137 appearances for Napoli and has racked-up 56 strikes for Uruguay. READ MORE: Tottenham icon Chris Waddle questions 'strange' Ivan Perisic signing Cavani is tall and strong and possesses a great first touch and excellent technique on the ball as well as making intelligent runs off the ball. His willingness to work tirelessly when his team are out of possession and his ability in the air means he is an all-round striker who has given so much to his clubs as a result. Like Cavani, Nunez is a goalscorer, having struck 34 times for Benfica last season, and is a player who has an athletic frame, is quick off the mark and has plenty of pace. The 22-year-old has excellent vision on the ball and makes dangerous runs to find pockets of space when his team-mates are in possession much like his countryman. And he can generate plenty of power and accuracy on his shots too.  Nunez is also good in the air and will provide Liverpool with a completely new dynamic up front if he does put pen-to-paper on a deal at Anfield. So United could well be ruing a missed opportunity. Cavani did well at Old Trafford, despite his advancing years, and provided the team with something other players didn’t. Nunez could have filled the gap left by the veteran if the Red Devils had done more to get a deal over the line as they were clearly interested in signing him. But maybe the forward didn’t want to play in the Europa League. Whatever regrets United may have, they will quickly need to find another striker who can make a difference at Old Trafford. But he is unlikely to be of the same ilk as Nunez. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 