  Anton Du Beke’s wife Hannah Summers has previously been mistaken for a member of the Royal Family. The surprising comparison between the Strictly Come Dancing judge’s wife and the royal has been made a number of times on social media.      Anton, 55, and Hannah, 46, keep their lives fairly private, and it is perhaps because of that reason that she is sometimes mixed up with a certain royal. As fans do know so little about the Strictly star’s wife, when she is photographed some confuse her with Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The Countess of Wessex is the wife of Prince Edward and bears a striking resemblance to businesswoman Hannah. Back in 2018, when Hannah appeared on Michael McIntyre's Big Show, one viewer tweeted: “I’m sure Anton du Beke’s wife is married to Prince Edward.” READ MORE: John Cleese accuses BBC of 'deceptive' and 'dishonest' interview     Another added: “Was tryna think who Anton’s wife looks like, then it come to me… “Prince Edward’s missus The Duchess of Wessex #DeadRinger.” (sic) A third agreed, commenting: “Anton du Beke's wife looks like royalty!!”      Anton married wife Hannah back in 2017, and the couple share two children together. The star has been a dancer on Strictly for many years, but began his career as a judge on the show last year. Anton is also set to return to the judging panel once more again this year, after he proved a popular choice with the public and his fellow cast members. Outside of his busy career, Anton enjoys spending time at home in Buckinghamshire with his wife Hannah and their adorable twins. READ MORE... Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikin [PICTURE] Ronnie Wood fortune: Staggering wealth rocker is amassing for his kids [LATEST] Marilyn Monroe dazzles in pics on what would've been her 96th birthday [INSIGHT]      Anton met his wife in 2010 when they were attending a dinner as members of the local golf club. Hannah is a successful business woman and Chief Marketing Officer at leading mobile network security company AdaptiveMobile. The pair got married in secret five years ago and welcomed their twins in the same year. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, is married to the Queen’s youngest son, Prince Edward.     The couple have two children: Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, who are respectively sixteenth and fifteenth in line to the British throne. Sophie met Edward in 1987 while working for Capital Radio, and they began dating in 1993. Their engagement was announced in January 1999 and they married in June of that year. Sophie is the patron of over 70 charities and organisations, including Childline and the London College of Fashion.   