Seals and Crofts singer Jim Seals has died at the age of 80. He was the lead vocalist for the band responsible for hits including Summer Breeze and Diamond Girl. No cause of death has yet been revealed for the 70s soft rock star. He leaves behind wife Ruby Jean and three children, Joshua, Juliette and Sutherland. Jim, whose real name was James Eugene Seals, performed in the band with Darrell George ‘Dash’ Crofts. They are best known for their hits Summer Breeze (1972), Diamond Girl (1973), and Get Closer (1976). The duo disbanded in 1980, but reunited briefly in 1991–1992, and again in 2004, when they released their final album, Traces. Jim’s friends and former colleagues have begun to pay tribute on social media. Musician John Ford Coley, who previously worked with Jim, wrote on Facebook: “And it will never pass this way again, as his song said. “He belonged to a group that was one of a kind. “I am very sad over this but I have some of the best memories of all of us together. “Rest In Peace Jimmy.” His cousin Brady Seals, who used to be a singer in the country band Little Texas, also posted a statement about Jim’s death. "I just learned that James ‘Jimmy’ Seals has passed,” he wrote. DON'T MISS...Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini [PICS]Zoe Ball blamed for 'painful' Jubilee version of Sweet Caroline [TWITTER]A Place In The Sun's Jonnie Irwin says 'life is pretty upside down' [UPDATE] “My heart just breaks for his wife Ruby and their children. “Please keep them in your prayers. What an incredible legacy he leaves behind.” Seals and Crofts’ first major hit was in 1972 with Summer Breeze, which sold more than a million copies. The band was hit by controversy in 1974 when they released an anti-abortion song called Unborn Child, written shortly after Roe v Wade. After the song was banned by several radio stations and Seals and Crofts’ concerts picketed, the duo insisted they were not making a political claim, only asking people not to “take life too lightly”. Jim would later say about the incident: “It was our ignorance that we didn’t know that kind of thing was seething and boiling as a social issue. “On one hand we had people sending us thousands of roses, but on the other people were literally throwing rocks at us. “If we’d known it was going to cause such disunity, we might have thought twice about doing it.”