Last weekend, the President saw his Ensemble coalition fall well short of the threshold required for an absolute majority during the legislative elections in France, winning just 245 seats of the 289 needed. Bitter election rival Marine Le Pen led her party to its biggest ever representation in the lower house while the left-wing bloc Nupes, led by veteran Jean-Luc Melenchon, now forms the largest opposition force. Just days after that embarrassment, Emmanuel Macron was left reeling after he rejected the resignation of Prime Minister Elisabeth Borne, who had only been in the role for a month. The under-pressure President must now form a ruling coalition or lead a minority Government that has to enter into talks with opponents on a bill-by-bill basis. READ MORE: UK sent warning as deranged Putin sets sights on global domination But in the ultimate worst case scenario, he faces the nightmare prospect of calling a snap general election - just weeks after he won a second term in office. Eric Noirez, a prominent Frexiteer who is a member of the Generation Frexit movement, believes the disastrous result for Mr Macron in the election has injected huge momentum into France leaving the European Union. He told Express.co.uk: "Macron is the embodiment of Europeanism and he is now so weakened that he may not be able to govern.  "Naturally, by force of circumstance, the question of our membership of the EU will impose itself on the public debate and become central to it. "Opposition parties, if they want to be credible, will increasingly have to take clear positions and commitments on the EU. "At the very least, they will have to advocate a referendum on our membership of the EU as a United Kingdom." Mr Macron is under surging pressure and has tried to reach out to political opponents, asking them to come up with ideas for the fragmented parliament to legislate. READ MORE: Elton John says ‘it’s tough out there’ as ‘Brexit comes home to roost' This evening (Saturday), Mr Macron said he had asked Prime Minister Ms Borne to present him with "proposals" for "a new Government of action" that will be appointed "in the first days of July". He said: "On my return from the G7 and NATO summits, the Prime Minister will submit to me proposals for a roadmap for the Government of the France over the coming months and years, and also for the composition of a new government of action in the service of France that we will put in place in the first days of July." This newly-formed Government can be joined by representatives of rival political forces ready to cooperate with the majority. But Mr Noirez warned the French President "simply doesn't have the upper hand anymore" and is "no longer the master of the game". DON'T MISSBoris summer cabinet reshuffle - Who will stay & who will go? [ANALYSIS]Putin threatens Poland as he claims to have 'killed 80 Polish fighters [LATEST]Labour MP donates £2,000 to strike fund defying Starmer’s warning [REPORT] He added Mr Macron now finds himself at an "impasse" and faces an uphill task to get some of his most hated policies passed in parliament - including raising the pension age from 65 to 66. The Frexiteer concluded: "Above Macron, the European Commission has already officially published, along with the broad economic policy guidelines that it issues as it does every year, the major reforms that it expects from France. "Unsurprisingly, they include the famous pension reform so decried by the French people - and rightly so, it must be said - as well as the traditional budgetary rigour, which will have to be translated into even greater austerity and will be incompatible with the state of emergency and distress in which some public services find themselves in France. "By not obtaining an absolute majority on the benches of the National Assembly, Macron risks having all the difficulties to pass the reforms. "He will find himself at an impasse for his second term in office, since there is a strong risk of absolute incompatibility between the demands and reforms desired by the commission and by the French government and the aspirations of the deputies elected by the people. "Now we are entering a competition where Macron is no longer the master of the game."