Declan Rice could be given his favourite shirt number of 41 should he join Chelsea in the summer. The West Ham vice-captain has been strongly linked with a move to his boyhood club as Thomas Tuchel looks to improve his midfield. The England international enjoyed another successful season at the Hammers, helping the London club to the semi-finals of the Europa League and to seventh place in the Premier League. The midfielder is currently signed up until 2024 but West Ham hold the option to extend the contract by another year. Any deal for the 23-year-old is therefore likely to be costly with a price tag of £150 million rumoured to have been placed on the star by David Moyes. However, should Chelsea, fresh from Todd Boehly’s takeover, manage to get the deal over the line, Rice would be able to wear his favourite strip number of 41 as it is currently vacant. It is uncommon for a footballer to be so enamoured with a number so far away from the traditional one to 11. However, it is part of a growing trend within young English footballers, Liverpool’s Trent Alexander-Arnold currently wears 66 while Manchester City’s Phil Foden holds 47. Rice was asked about his unusual number choice when asked by Gary Neville on The Overlap. He explained it was due to a mixture of pot luck and superstition. "It was just the number I was given in the academy by the kitman,” he said. “When you are in the under-23s there are the first team squad numbers and then it gets to the higher numbers and I was given 41 when I went to Seattle on my first trip with the first-team. I was just given 41 and it has stayed with me since.” "To be honest with you I have been having these conversations with my dad, regardless of what happens in my career I may stay with 41,” he continued. “I just think Rice 41 has a nice ring to it and obviously I have grown up playing in it and I am a bit superstitious with things like that, if I change to a new number if it will hamper my performances, I don't know! Sometimes I think about things like that." While there will be many other more important factors influencing the Englishman’s decision over whether or not to join Chelsea. However, he will be reassured by the fact he can continue to fulfil his superstitious needs should he move across the capital.