Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William met in 2001 during their first semester at St Andrews University in Scotland. What followed was a whirlwind romance, one that has become a hallmark of the Royal Family. It is hard to imagine the pair without each other. But, William had in fact dated before Kate, with Express.co.uk now exploring who these women were. The prince broke royal tradition when deciding on his choice of university, avoiding the traditional route of Cambridge and Oxford like other family members, including his father, Prince Charles. Instead, he opted for a four-year degree offered by the oldest university in Scotland, St Andrews. Little did he know this exact decision would alter his life for good. In September 2001 he moved into the student accommodation St. Salvator’s Hall, and soon found himself bumping into a woman who just so happened to be studying the same degree as him. Kate, also studying at St Andrew’s had already made a name for herself among her university peers for her good looks, and the prince soon began inviting her to sit with him and his friends at breakfast. READ MORE: Prince William to celebrate milestone birthday without his ‘wingman’ in ‘sad reality’ They discovered they had a lot in common, and Kate helped fill in the gaps for him if he ever had to miss a class. However, at this same time, another woman had caught William’s eye: Carly Massy-Birch. A year above him at St Andrews, she studied English language and creative writing. The two originally met when William auditioned for a play, and tried to keep their relationship under the radar for the few weeks that it lasted. Once the prince began publicly showing his affection for Kate, however, vicious rumours began to spread of Carly’s apparent resentment for her — something that her mother later dismissed. But as Kate and Carly had caught the prince’s eye, there was another girl, Arabella Musgrave, who he met on his final holiday before university. The pair had known each other for years, although the summer of 2001 would prove a different relationship blooming between them. They reportedly spent as much time together as possible that summer but decided to put their relationship on hold whilst the prince went to university. Author Katie Nicholl noted the reasoning for this: “William would be meeting new people at the university, and Arabella could not expect him to wait for her.” Meanwhile, at St Andrew’s, Carly’s relationship with the prince came to a prickly end when she left him with an ultimatum: to decide between her and Arabella Musgrave. Since splitting with the prince, little has been heard of Carly. The same cannot be said of Arabella, who went on to carve out an impressive career as the head of PR for Gucci. Much like the prince she now also has a loving partner, with their lavish wedding being featured in Vogue, and a four-year-old daughter. While William has spoken fondly of his time at university, it was not all plain-sailing. Excitement was lacking at St Andrew’s, and he soon began to get homesick, missing his friends and local hangouts in Gloucestershire. Like many first years who are taken from their comfortable hometown lives and thrown into an unfamiliar university setting, the prince found himself wanting to quit and get back home after just his first semester. But after a solemn conversation with his father, the prince pushed through and returned to university. Returning to university for his second semester saw the prince falling deeper in love with Kate, although it apparently was still not her turn to hang on his arm. Although Kate and William were now staying in the same home, with two other friends, they were urged to keep their romance as secretive as possible. This meant leaving the house at different times, arriving at events separately and no public displays of affection like hand holding. One last hiccup before their relationship would be publicly declared came with the name Jecca Craig at the prince’s 21st birthday party. Whilst Kate did attend the party, she gave her toast from afar while Jecca sat next to William at the head of the table. Kenyan born, Jecca first met the prince during a school holiday, and as his love for Africa grew, so did the rumours that the pair were an item. The prince worked hard to dispel these rumours and Jecca has since followed in her father’s footsteps and become an environmental conservationist, helping to found the world’s largest wildcat conservation organisation, Panthera. Kate and William eventually made things official, and but for a minor break in the late Noughties, the pair’s love has endured. They tied the knot in a lavish royal wedding in 2011, and the rest is history.