The daughter of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry celebrates the milestone on the third day of the Jubilee bank holiday weekend. Birthday messages poured in on social media. The Royal Family's official Twitter account, along with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Charles and Camilla, all shared birthday wishes for the Queen's namesake. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tweeted: "Wishing a very happy birthday to Lilibet, turning one today!" Charles and Camilla shared a similar message, saying: "Wishing Lilibet a very happy 1st birthday today!" Other royal watchers also sent their best wishes to Meghan and Harry's daughter. Marcia (@Zaggai) wrote: "Happy birthday Lilibet! "Wishing you a blessed day with your family. You’re so loved!" Verdad (@marinaverdadera) added: "Happy Birthday Lilibet! Have a beautiful day." Meanwhile, Mimi Roche (@Mimicinque) wrote: "To the most wonderful baby in the world. "Happy 1st Birthday precious Lilibet!" She is reportedly celebrating her birthday at Frogmore Cottage with her parents and older brother, Archie. The Queen will no longer be attending the Epsom Derby due to her ongoing mobility issues. But royal biographer Omid Scobie suggested that the Queen had already met Meghan and Harry's daughter. Speaking to the BBC, Mr Scobie warned that royal watchers should not expect "some sort of big birthday extravagant event". He added: "From what I'm told, we shouldn't expect anything. "Those moments with Lilibet are very much private between them and the Queen and of course we know how much she's been looking forward to it. "They've been held back by a pandemic. And so this really was the first time." The 96-year-old monarch has only ever missed the Epsom Derby twice before. Princess Anne is understood to be attending the sporting event in her place. This will be the first time the Queen has met young Lilibet, as this is her first visit to the UK. She was born in the US on June 4, 2021. Lilibet's older brother Archie has met the Queen numerous times as he was born in May 2019, before Meghan and Harry moved away from the UK. He spent his first six months living at Frogmore Cottage, the Sussexes former residence on the grounds of Windsor Castle. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, however, are unlikely to be in attendance at the youngster's birthday. The couple is travelling to Wales for a Platinum Jubilee Concert at Cardiff Castle, Buckingham Palace said.