Tomorrow marks 70 years of Her Majesty on the throne. The Queen is the only monarch in UK history to hit the milestone, with millions of Britons planning to celebrate with street parties and garden barbecues across the bumper Bank Holiday. But Conservative Party in-fighting looks set to steal the spotlight for the Queen's momentous occasion. Tory MPs angry with the Government's policy agenda and the fallout of the Sue Gray report into illegal lockdown gatherings in No10, have gone public in attacking Mr Johnson. As many as 30 have called for him to resign, with a confidence vote on his future as leader of the party at risk of being held as soon as next week. With the headlines over the next few days now likely to be focused on Mr Johnson's future, supporters of the Prime Minister have urged colleagues to stop their grandstanding. POLL: Are the Tories mad to trigger no-confidence vote against Boris? Bassetlaw MP and junior member of the Government, Brendan Clarke Smith told Express.co.uk: "This week our focus should be on celebrating the outstanding service of Her Majesty and coming together as a country, not trying to cause more division. "People are not interested in politicians navel-gazing and want to us to get on with the job. "They are far more concerned about other issues, such as the cost of living, not what is going on in the Westminster bubble." Ashfield MP Lee Anderson told this website: "This week is a week of reflection on the wonderful work our Queen has done over the past 70 years. "I've always been brought up and told to criticise in private. "If you're going to criticise your boss or your employer then do it behind closed doors. DON'T MISS:Senior Tories launch 'Save Boris' fightback campaign [INSIGHT]'Unacceptable failings!' Leading Brexiteer Leadsom turns on Boris [REACTION]Brexiteers give Boris 2,000 ideas to obliterate EU rules [UPDATE] "If you want to put your letter in, do it that way, keep it private." Speaking on GB News yesterday, Tory grandee, Sir Iain Duncan Smith added: "This is her majesty's week. "This is a remarkable period. No other monarch has reigned as long as this." The former Conservative leader, who was himself ousted from the top job in a no confidence vote, continued: "I say to my colleagues, you don't always have to answer journalists. "You can just say I'm nothing to say and wait because this is her week. "And I'd rather that we focused on her and the lessons that she's given us which are of discipline structure, and absolute dedication to their country, which myself and many of my colleagues could at least bear in mind as we go ahead and let this be a celebration of her and not a reminder of what feet of clay politicians have." Under party rules, the chairman of the backbench 1922 Committee, Sir Graham Brady, is required to call a vote of confidence in Mr Johnson's leadership if 54 Tory MPs - 15% of the parliamentary party - submit a letter calling for one. Sir Graham is notoriously tight lipped over the number of letters that have been submitted, heightening speculation over a vote. Asked by journalists yesterday about letters being submitted, he said: "It's a confidential process and I will retain my discretion and say nothing more at the moment."