Commentator Gareth McLean said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were a "blueprint for modernising" the Royal Family as he warned the end of the Queen's reign would lead to a "radical reappraisal" of the Firm. Writing for Newsweek, Mr McLean said: "In those circumstances, bold thinking like Harry and Meghan's might make the difference between Britain becoming a republic and its retaining a slimmed-down Scandi-style monarchy. "Put it this way: British taxpayers have supported the monarchy for a thousand years so why not let Netflix for a bit? "Say it quietly - whisper it, if you will - but the truth is this: Meghan is not the Windsors' nemesis but rather their saviour. "Because without her, they are a bit of a sorry state, as demonstrated by the presence of the so-called 'magnificent seven' on Buckingham Palace's famous balcony at the end of the Jubilee pageantry." The finale of the Platinum Jubilee saw the Queen step out alongside Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William, Kate, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Mr McLean added: "Three pensioners, three under-tens - and William and Kate. Hardly the England World Cup side in '66, is it?" The commentator also insisted the Platinum Jubilee was a "missed opportunity" for the royals to reach out to Meghan and Prince Harry. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan expected royals to 'drop everything for them' The Sussexes travelled from California to the UK for the bank holiday weekend of celebrations. The visit came just over two years after they quit as working royals for a new life in the US. It also came a year after their Oprah Winfrey interview which saw them make a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy. Harry and Meghan stepped out with the Windsors for the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. DON'T MISS'Uneasy' Prince Harry told to put on 'happy face' like Meghan [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'won't even be newsworthy' in a couple [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry's permanent UK return questioned after behaviour [VIDEO] But they were absent from many of the other festivities during the four days. And their relegated seats at the service were a sign of their change in royal status. The Sussexes were in the second row behind working royals, while Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate were far across the aisle. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his older brother, who have long faced a rift, nor with his father who he also has a troubled relationship with, or between Meghan and Kate. The Sussexes opted not to attend a Guildhall reception after the service with the other royals. And they had reportedly already jetted off for the US before the pageant finale kicked off on Sunday. 