Former Formula 1 favourite Felipe Massa has cautioned Red Bull against overlooking Pierre Gasly a second time. The manufacturer recently rewarded Sergio Perez with a new contract until 2024, effectively setting their team in stone for the foreseeable future. Titleholder Max Verstappen is signed on to represent the table leaders for the next five-and-a-half years. Gasly, 26, impressed with Toro Rosso before briefly driving for Red Bull in 2019, but he was cast aside before returning to Toro Rosso, who formally re-named as AlphaTauri. Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz are each locked down as Ferrari's duo until the end of the 2024 campaign. George Russell has only just joined Mercedes on a long-term deal, although there have been rumours Lewis Hamilton could leave the Silver Arrows ahead of his 2024 contract expiry. Gasly had been linked to return to Red Bull next season amid his consistent form over the last couple of seasons and with Perez's deal due to expire but that will not be the case. Massa has been impressed by Gasly and said during a recent appearance on F1 TV: "The performances from him, that he's showing, for a long time already, he's unbelievable." The Brazilian reiterated his belief that Gasly is too good for F1's bigger outfits to keep ignoring him, highlighting his performance in Monte Carlo as proof. READ MORE: Sergio Perez 'no longer number two' at Red Bull in Max Verstappen threat "He was really quick all weekend [in Monaco]," added Massa. "In qualifying, it didn't work well, the strategy, the red flag. Things didn't work in the perfect way. "He needs a good car because he's showing that he can drive a top car, he's showing us that he can fight, even for victories." Gasly won the Italian Grand Prix during his maiden year with AlphaTauri but has just one podium finish since the start of 2021. DON'T MISSWilliams boss talks up Toto Wolff's 'insurance' driver for Lewis Hamilton as F1 move nearsRomain Grosjean Indy car crash raises fears as fans reminded of terrifying F1 fireballDaniel Ricciardo's advice from F1 icon Felipe Massa amid form dip - 'the talk is small'  The Frenchman finished ninth overall last year and currently sits 14th in the standings. Although it's been a year since his last podium finish, Gasly continues to attract plaudits following some significant overtakes in Monaco. Despite his failure to produce a podium result during his previous trial in Milton Keynes, Gasly has shown he may be worth another gamble in an elite seat. Having shown he can produce at that level in an inferior car, Massa believes F1's 'big three' would be unwise to miss out as he enters a key stage in his career. However, Perez has nailed down a spot as Verstappen's team-mate for the next few seasons following some of his own impressive performances. The Mexican won the last race in Monaco and is well in the hunt for the championship this season, sitting just 15 points behind Verstappen and six behind Ferrari's Leclerc in third position.