Lorraine Kelly caused a social media stir as the ITV host gave her eagle-eyed followers an insight into how she maintains her ageless visage. The Scottish-born presenter, who fronts her self-titled show on ITV, underwent a procedure that left her face "tingling". Taking to Instagram today, the 62-year-old shared the results of her facial. Lorraine underwent microneedling - a minimally invasive cosmetic procedure that's used to treat skin concerns via collagen production. It involves pricking the skin with tiny sterilised needles. The small wounds cause your body to produce more collagen and elastin, which heal your skin and help you look younger, according to Healthline.com. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry reacts as husband Jeff Hordley 'accosted' In view of her 493,000 followers, Lorraine shared a clip of the treatment she received, which gained over 10,000 likes in a matter of minutes. She reposted the video, which was initially shared by her aesthetician, which read: "LOVE this wonderful fella! REPosted @withregram @pietrosimoneofficial Introducing my lovely @lorrainekellysmith to my signature Meso Micro Needles with Peptides, Oligo Hyaluronic acid, Vitamins and more regenerating compounds. "The mission is to deeply target the #collagen production resulting in a #natural #skintightening #firmness #plumped and effectively hydrated skin. Dynamic Regeneration #psmethod #inspire." Lorraine was all smiles as Pietro Simone quizzed the broadcaster on the facial. He began: "So, let's speak about your treatment today." Lorraine gushed: "It's brilliant." Pietro interjected: "Was it painful?" The veteran presenter assured: "No, it wasn't painful at all. It feels nice and tingly."  DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry praised as royals urged to quit 'petty squabbles'[LATEST]Jennifer Lopez, 52, goes braless in eye-popping display[PICTURES]Madonna's daughter Lourdes mimics mum with sultry pose in leotard[FASHION] The clip then showed Lorraine laid out on the bed as the aesthetician began the microneedling procedure on her face. The treatment was later completed with an infrared skin laser applicator. Fans flocked to the comment section, as people gushed over Lorraine's youthful looks. Gillycan remarked: "Your skin looks incredible Lorraine." Kate Cross: "You look wonderful Lorraine." Chris K quizzed: "Wow, where can I get this done?" While AngieB added: "You look great!" Others appeared less impressed as JoHatten1 argued: "Wow money wasting at its best, wish we all could have this done, wonder how much it costs." Linda added: "Just shows what money can buy if you have it." Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 8am. 