Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under increasing pressure after the Conservative Party suffered crushing defeats in two by-elections last week. The electoral thrashing led to Conservative Party co-chair Oliver Dowden's resignation. Mr Johnson’s time in politics has been marred by various controversies, including those surrounding his personal life. This has largely taken the form of his numerous relationships and children. He has married three times – firstly with Allegra Mostyn-Owen. They met at the University of Oxford and tied the knot in 1987 when they were both 23 years old. But they divorced in 1993 after just six years together, and had no children. Mr Johnson then married barrister Marina Wheeler who bore four of his children: Lara Lettice, 28, Milo Arthur, 27, Cassie Peaches, 24, and Theodore Apollo, 23. The couple’s marriage reportedly ended when Mr Johnson was allegedly spotted having an affair with his now-wife Carrie Johnson (previously Symonds) in 2018, as has been widely reported. Mr Johnson married Carrie — is a former Conservative Party media official — in May 2021. They have two children together, their eldest, Wilfred Lawrie Nicholas Johnson, was born in April 2020, and in December 2021, they welcomed their second child Romy Iris Charlotte Johnson. That takes Mr Johnson’s official total of children up to six, but reports LEGAL CUT <>END CUT LEGAL ADD: CLAIM he has more. One of these children — Stephanie Macintyre — came after an affair with art consultant Helen Macintyre. The Appeal Court ruled in 2013 that the public had a right to know that he had fathered a daughter during an affair while he was Mayor of London in 2009. During the court proceedings, it was claimed that Stephanie was one of two children the Prime Minister fathered as a result of an affair. The court said: “The core information in this story, namely that the father had an adulterous affair with the mother, deceiving both his wife and the mother’s partner and that the claimant, born about nine months later, was likely to be the father’s child, was a public interest matter which the electorate was entitled to know when considering his fitness for high public office.  READ MORE: SNP 'enlisting international support' for national indyref2 “It was not material to the judge's conclusion whether contraceptive precautions were taken. “What was material was that the father's infidelities resulted in the conception of children on two occasions.” Away from this, it has been claimed that Mr Johnson is the father of even more children, perhaps up to eight or nine, but he has never addressed or confirmed the number. During the 2019 election campaign, LBC's Nick Ferrari asked Mr Johnson how many children he had and if he was "fully involved" in their lives. Mr Johnson replied: “I love my children very much but they are not standing at this election. “I'm not therefore going to comment on them. DON'T MISSCarrie Johnson channels Kate Middleton in white suit for day one of G7 [INSIGHT]Carrie Johnson pays tribute to daughter with special jewellery [ANALYSIS]Camilla kisses Carrie Johnson at violence against women event  [INSIGHT] ”I am not going to put them onto the pitch in their election campaign when I think what people want to hear is what my plans are for the country, what this government is determined to do and how we are going to take this country forward. “That is the way all parties should be judged.” In July 2021, when Carrie was pregnant with her second child, she revealed that she had earlier suffered a miscarriage. She said: “At the beginning of the year, I had a miscarriage which left me heartbroken. "I feel incredibly blessed to be pregnant again but I’ve also felt like a bag of nerves.” 