On Wednesday, Apple TV released its first-look trailer for the upcoming limited series, Black Bird. The psychological thriller will also be the final time fans will see actor Ray Liotta on screens following his tragic death in May.  Black Bird is the adaptation of the true-crime memoir titled ‘In With the Devil: A Fallen Hero, A Serial Killer, and A Dangerous Bargain for Redemption’ written by James Keene and Hillel Levin. The highly anticipated series will be inspired by true events and tell the story of the son of a decorated policeman Jimmy Keene (played by Taron Egerton). Despite having a bright future as a high school football hero, his life took a turn for the worse after being sentenced to 10 years in a minimum-security prison. Jimmy was offered his freedom if he could co-operate with the police and elicit a confession from suspected serial killer Larry Hall (Paul Walter Hauser), who was in a maximum-security prison for the criminally insane.  READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' As well as its intriguing storyline, fans are eager to see Black Bird as it will be remembered as the final TV series Liotta starred in before his death. In the series, Liotta portrayed Jimmy’s highly respected father, Big Jim Keene. After his unexpected death in May, the show’s executive producer Dennis Lehane penned a moving tribute to the actor. He described Liotta as “the most electric American actor of his generation.”  Lehane shared he wrote the role of Big Jim Keene specifically for the Emmy-winning actor and described his performance as a “master class.” After sharing a memorable moment with the actor, he concluded: “I’ll cherish that memory for the rest of my life. And I will always rue the day he left us.” Liotta was featured in the trailer during a scene where his character visited Jimmy in prison, he shared the hopes he had for his son. In the clip, his voiceover could also be heard as viewers got a glimpse of the upcoming show.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]John Travolta grieves for Ray Liotta ahead of wife's death anniversary [INSIGHT]Goodfellas actor Ray Liotta, 1954-2022 - Obituary [INSIGHT] As Big Jim is a respected police officer, it’s likely he struck up the deal for his son, as he informed Jimmy there was a way out, but warned it was “not a quick one.” With 126 credits earned throughout his career, Liotta was a memorable face on screens and a household name across the world. He was well known for his role as Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams and for starring in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas as Henry Hill. Liotta also made surprise appearances in music videos including Ed Sheeran and Rudimental’s Bloodstream as well as David Guetta’s Lovers on the Sun.  After he wrapped up in Black Bird, Liotta was working on a project in the Dominican Republic where he died in his sleep. His death was mourned by his family, his millions of fans and those who worked with him in the film and TV industry. In a statement to People, Martin Scorsese shared: “He was so uniquely gifted, so adventurous, so courageous as an actor. “He absolutely amazed me, and I'll always be proud of the work we did together on that picture, my heart goes out to his loved ones, and it aches for his loss, way too early.” Black Bird will be available on Apple TV on Friday, July 8. 