Her Majesty said in a message disclosed by Windsor Castle: "Over the years I have watched Gibraltar prosper as a multi-cultural and multi-faith community, proud of its rich history while dynamic and forward-looking." As she wished it "future happiness and prosperity", the monarch said she was "pleased to reaffirm the close ties" between "the Crown and the people of Gibraltar". It comes amid diplomatic tensions over the Wessexes' visit, as Madrid still claims the territory as part of Spain and its future border arrangements are currently the subject of post-Brexit talks between Britain and the European Union. The Earl and Countess of Wessex, whose British Airways flight on Tuesday returned to London following technical issues, are due to stay in Gibraltar until Thursday to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The visit will include a special Queen's Birthday Parade, during which the Royal Gibraltar Regiment will parade its new colours on home soil for the first time. But Spain sees such shows of proud British identity as a provocation, with Spanish diplomatic sources saying the country's foreign ministry had "expressed its unease" at the visit. The government believes such celebrations are "not appropriate" in light of ongoing negotiations on relations with the Rock following the United Kingdom's departure of the bloc. In her message to Gibraltar, the Queen said she is "grateful for your continued allegiance and loyalty". Her words, which come as British and EU negotiators enter a key final phase in talks that started last October, could get lost in a sea of political issues dragging on longer than each of the parties would have hoped. The basis of discussions — delayed as a result of their complexity as well as the coronavirus pandemic and Russia's invasion of Ukraine — is that the current border checkpoint between Gibraltar and Spain should be removed, with the Rock becoming part of the Schengen area. Agreement on how to arrange the policing of the territory's airport and port, however, is proving a challenge. MORE TO FOLLOW...