When Ozark first landed on Netflix in 2017 it became an instant hit with fans across the world as they were enthralled by the thrilling crime drama. The show aired its fourth and final season in April with the shocking and heartbreaking death of a major character. The showrunner hinted at regretting this decision after he opened up about writing the episode.  Throughout the series, fans tuned in to see Marty Byrde (played by Jason Bateman) and his family work together to launder money for the Navarro cartel. After watching his friend’s murder after a deal went bad, Marty agreed to launder $500 million in five years to keep his life. Viewers watched as the bid to appease bosses turned into a malicious cycle of death, violence and bitter wars. Ozark came to an emotional end after Marty’s once trusted business partner Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) was killed for avenging her beloved cousin. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull  After she was making the right steps to a better future, Ruth’s life ended at the trailer parks in the Missouri Ozarks, the very place she wanted to leave. Her murderer Camila Elizonndro (Veronica Falcon) tracked her own, after learning Ruth was responsible for the death of her son and the cartel’s successor Javi Elizonndro (Alfonso Herrara). Ruth had shot him dead after Javi ended the lives of her cousin Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) and his wife Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery) just hours after their wedding. In the second part of season four, she stalked the Byrde’s to Chicago where she was able to kill him, however, it was soon revealed she wouldn't live much longer after that.  Ruth’s death caused a major frenzy on social media as fans argued whether it was the right way for her story to end, despite the big dreams she had. In an interview with GoldDerby, Chris Mundy shared hints of regret as he reflected on the decision to kill off the character. He shared: “There were a lot of talks, it was really important that if that character was gonna go,” he interjected: “I’m still heartbroken that character is gone.” Mundy continued: “She [Ruth] needed to go out strongly and on her terms without tears, without begging, so it was as strong and powerful as possible, so that moment is always hers.” DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement [INSIGHT] Ozark boss admits writers axed Ruth Langmore storyline before finale [INSIGHT]Ozark's Jason Bateman's major next role confirmed after Netflix finale [INSIGHT] Mundy who wrote the finale confessed: “The thinking of that took forever,” and added, “the writing of that took 5 minutes.” Ruth had seemingly accepted her death, considering she killed a cartel boss and she knew her actions would catch up to her. Although some fans were satisfied with the ending, many were unhappy as she had been making investments in her future. Throughout the series, Ruth had always mentioned leaving the Ozark when she had enough money and it looked as though her dreams were finally materialising before she was killed. The actress Julia Garner also shared the moment she discovered her character would be killed off and stated: “Chris [Mundy] called me and he said ‘Hey I need to talk to you.’” “And I said ‘What, let me guess, am I dying,’ he said ‘yeah how did you know,’ and I said ‘it is like a Greek tragedy.’” Speaking on her character, Julia continued: “She really wanted to get out of that place she was in and she felt stuck, she felt like she was going to be here for the rest of her life. “So I think she always wanted something better but didn’t know how to get it.” Ozark is available on Netflix. 