Explosions are reported in the city, which is located in the Luhansk region. According to preliminary information, the Armed Forces of Ukraine launched a Tochka-U missile attack on enemy warehouses. However, the details of the explosion are yet to be confirmed by general staff. It comes after Ukrainian officials said Russia had captured several settlements near Lysychansk and Severodonetsk, in the Luhansk region, earlier this week. Luhansk Governor Serhiy Gaidai told Ukraine's national broadcaster that Russian forces had captured the settlement of Toshkivka to the south of Sievierodonetsk, confirming previous reports.  Ukrainians are now beginning to retreat from the captured eastern city after weeks of fierce fighting. Fighting in the region has also significantly decreased Russian forces in Sievierodonetsk, where the pre-war population was about 100,000. Meanwhile, military analysts have said the loss of the town is more significant and symbolic to Russia than it is to Ukraine. In a televised interview, regional governor Serhiy Haidai said: "Keeping positions smashed to pieces over many months just for the sake of staying there doesn’t make sense".  READ MORE: German energy crisis after Putin powerplay 'Empty after 2.5 months'    Heavy Russian bombardment has destroyed almost every defence position of the Ukrainian forces in the area, but the fall of the nearly-destroyed town is insignificant, a top military expert said. Ihor Romanenko, former deputy chief of Ukraine’s general staff of armed forces, told Al Jazeera: “It’s a minor loss, there’s still Lysychansk [the neighboring town controlled by Ukraine], and Sievierodonetsk has largely served its purpose”.  On Thursday, Lugansk regional governor, Sergiy Gaiday, confirmed that troops had lost control over two settlements in the easter Donbas region, saying: "We lost control over Loskutivka and Rai-Oleksandrivka". Their capture puts Russian troops deeper in the Donbas region where they appear closer to encircling the two urban hubs which are separated by the Donets river.   Sievierodonetsk had remained one of the few Ukrainian-controlled towns in the region, which is one of Ukraine's smallest and poorest regions that was partially taken over by pro-Russian separatists in 2014. Mr Romanenko added: "There is a geopolitical component for Russians, it’s a district centre in the unoccupied part of Luhansk. "But we will live through it, we are more interested in the military aspect". He claimed that Russia's victory in Luhansk was so important to Moscow, that troops were ordered to redeploy to the area from the occupied southern region of Kherson, and the partially-occupied Zaporizhzhia, where Ukrainian forces are regaining ground.  