Former UTV presenter Aideen Kennedy has died at the age of 43. The star had been battling a terminal illness before her tragic death. Aideen rose to fame as she fronted the news on UTV, which is the Northern Irish equivalent of ITV, and had been updating fans on her time in hospital.  The presenter did not disclose the illness she was battling, but had told her 16,600 Twitter followers about undergoing 12 blood transfusions.  She later announced she was “going home to die” on Friday in palliative care.  Before her death, Aideen tweeted to fans: “Day 19 in hospital - say a wee prayer for me. Bleeding in stomach." READ MORE... Megan McCubbin says arson attack on Chris Packham hasn't put her off  On the same day, she posted a second image of a blood bag, while crediting people who donate for transfusions.    She added: "God bless those people who give blood, I am my on my 12th transfusion and I can’t believe someone would be so kind and selfless."    The journalist later shared the sad news with her followers that she knew she was going to die at home, before issuing a plea for her children.    She penned: "So life has not gone well and I am as sick as I was as when I went in to hospital so essentially going home to die but getting palliative care.  "The kids know. If you ever come across them, will you keep an eye out for them, they are the kindest, sweetest most thoughtful kiddies." Replying to her devastating update, UTV colleague Rita Fitzgerald tweeted: "Darling Aideen, I’m so desperately sorry to hear this. “My heart is breaking for you. I’m here if I can do anything at all. Much love xxx." BBC weatherman Barra Best said: “So sorry to read this. Life really can deal some bitter blows. DON'T MISS: Chris Packham's stepdaughter Megan McCubbin speechless amid farewell [COMMENT]George Michael ended Martin and Shirlie Kemp's US move amid argument [INSIGHT]Shirley Ballas bids 'difficult farewell' as she issues health update [HEALTH UPDATE] “And of course we’ll keep an eye out for them [Aideen’s children]. I’ll try to make sure they get some decent weather.”  Following Aideen’s death, her former employer UTV issued a statement paying tribute to her.  A spokeswoman said: “The UTV family is deeply saddened to hear of the passing of former colleague and friend Aideen Kennedy.  “A truly gifted reporter, she spent many years at UTV bringing viewers stories from all over Northern Ireland.” Aideen was one of four siblings and had previously opened up about tragically losing her brothers and sister when they were young. Her older sister Fiona died of cancer in 2016, less than a year after her younger brother Dara died from a brain tumour.  Aideen previously explained to the Belfast Telegraph: “I grew up in Belfast. It was me, my parents — Dad was an engineer and Mum was a teacher — my sister Fiona and my brother Dara.  “Both Fiona and Dara have passed away in recent years. Fiona was 44 and Dara was just 35. They were my best friends.  “I had another brother, Rory, who was killed in a road accident when he was one. We talked about him all the time.”  She is survived by her two children Jacob and Eva, and her parents Noel and Maura.