State pensioners may be eligible for this cash boost if they have a long-term health condition or illness which needs financial assistance to pay for the extra costs that arise. This benefit, which is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions ( DWP), could be a lifeline for pensioners, so to lose it could have detrimental effects for those who need it the most. The weekly rate of Attendance Allowance is £92 which could provide vital assistance for someone with a disability or condition during the cost of living crisis. However, this money can be lost if someone doesn’t report changes in their life or circumstances to the DWP. People only need to attend an assessment to check their eligibility if it’s unclear how their illness or disability affects them. If they need an assessment they’ll get a letter saying why and where they must go. During the assessment, a medical professional will need to examine you. READ MORE: 'A threat!' Pensioner left ‘to scrabble' for cash after energy firm introduced rule change Another circumstance change can include being away for an extended period of time, such as leaving the country for more than four weeks or going to prison. If a claimant’s personal details (name, address or bank details) or that of their doctor’s change, the DWP expects them to get in touch. Those who are not British citizens who are claiming Attendance Allowance must update the DWP if their immigration status changes. If someone does not adequately and accurately report their circumstances to DWP, they could be taken to court. People who need to update the DWP about any life changes can call the Attendance Allowance helpline at 0800 731 0122. This helpline for benefit claimants is open from Monday to Friday, 8am to 3:30pm. The disability benefit is not means-tested, so people who are still working can still claim. How much an applicant will receive will depend on the level of help they require.  Eligible pensioners should receive £61.85 if they need help during the day or at night. However, if someone needs help during both the day and night they could receive £92.40. Applicants might also qualify for Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax Reduction. Anyone who thinks they may qualify can apply by logging onto Gov.uk or calling 0800 731 0122.