Newcastle United midfielder Miguel Almiron's agent has confirmed he won't be leaving the club this summer. The Magpies are expected to delve into the market in their first transfer window under Saudi-backed ownership, but Almiron is part of Eddie Howe's plans. Newcastle splashed £85million on reinforcements for Howe in January, just months after the club's £305m takeover, more than any other Premier League side. And further investment this summer is likely to push current squad members further down the pecking order. However, according to his agent Daniel Campos, Almiron is destined for a St. James' Park stay. He claims the 28-year-old is playing for the 'best club in the world' and has suggested the owners plan to make significant changes in their first full season on Tyneside. He told Versus Radio on Universo 970 via La Nacion: "He is at the best club in the world. He is happy; I don't see any possibility of change now. They are going to change everything, the structure, the academy, the women's team. Everything is going to change." JUST IN: Haaland sends Man City fans wild with post announcing Etihad move Express Sport understands Almiron has a £58m release clause in his Newcastle contract. And Howe's pursuit of a new winger has prompted suggestions that the Paraguay international might not fit into his future plans, despite the head coach reinvigorating his career at the club. He had fallen out of favour under Steve Bruce but was crucial to Howe as he guided Newcastle away from Premier League relegation, making 30 league appearances last term. "He has a massive role to play," Howe explained in February. "I'm a big fan of Miggy. He has outstanding athletic and pressing qualities, which, of course, we base our game around, really." READ MORE: United's Garnacho talks update as Juventus monitor 'new Messi' After making Matt Targett's loan permanent, Newcastle are also expected to strengthen with a new centre-back and striker ahead of the 2022-23 campaign. They have submitted a £30m bid for Lille centre-back Sven Botman, who will soon decide whether to snub Serie A champions AC Milan for a Premier League switch. Howe has targeted Reims frontman Hugo Ekitike for attacking reinforcements, and he is closing on a £25m transfer after Newcastle showed concrete interest in January. However, his recent hamstring injury while representing France U21s has delayed the prospective deal. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here