As temperatures soar across Britain, it's important that people look after themselves. In order to ensure every box is ticked, a clinical nutritionist has provided the top seven things people must be putting at the top of their lists this summer. It comes after new research from evidence-backed supplement company Alive! revealed that only 21 percent of Britons eat vegetables every day, with five percent never eating vegetables and 11 percent never eating fruit. They also found that three in 10 Britons (31 percent) believe vitamin D is not essential for good health and wellbeing. But nutritionist Suzie Sawyer shared her expertise to help people make the most of healthy summertime living. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Suzie said: "Vitamin D is an essential nutrient needed to support proper bodily functioning—everything from immunity to mood to keep bones and muscles healthy. "Though most of the nutrients our body needs are available via the food we eat, vitamin D is primarily obtained via sun exposure." She noted that vitamin D is one of the "most common nutrient deficiencies" in modern society, and lack of sun exposure can also lead to Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) in the winter months, especially if the preceding summer has been low in the sunshine. Public Health England (PHE), suggests people take 10 mcg/day of vitamin D as a supplement, as it is so difficult to obtain this amount through diet alone. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] As temperatures soar across Britain, it's vital people are wearing suncream to pitch from harmful UV rays. If a person is prone to burning, they may not realise that their diet plays a huge impact on how their skin reacts to the sun. "Food provides some of the best sunscreens around, and that’s because sunburn is a type of inflammation, and diet has a tremendous impact on inflammation in the body," Suzie explained. "Your diet can increase or decrease your skin’s sensitivity to UV rays, as well as its ability to repair itself when it does get damaged. "To reduce your sun sensitivity and risk of sun damage, make sure you’re eating enough anti-inflammatory foods like Omega'3s, antioxidants and carotenoids." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Proper hydration is important any time of year but it’s especially so in the summertime sun and heat. "Remember to boost your water take if you spend time in the heat — particularly when exercising or exerting yourself in the heat," Suzie advised. "It’s recommended to drink 450-600ml of water one to two hours before a workout and then 200-250ml every 15-20 minutes you spend exercising in the heat or sweating." Suzie regaled that summer is "one of the best times" to start a new wellness routine due to the longer days, brighter sunshine, and fresh air. This all tends to help feel more energetic, optimistic and better able to set and reach personal goals, to improve both physical and mental health. "That means it’s a perfect time to get started with a new healthy lifestyle habit that you’d like to continue carrying into the colder, winter months too," she said. "For the same reasons establishing summer wellness goals tend to be easier in the summer, the warmer summer months are also a great time to start (and stick with) a new exercise routine," Suzie suggested According to the latest data collected by Statista, each UK adult watches an average of three hours and 12 minutes of TV each day. Instead, Suzie advises people to put this time into a new exercise routine, self-care routine or other healthy habits. Travelling can have a huge toll on the body and Suzie recommends taking a probiotic supplement to help it out. "With long days, busy schedules, irregular meals, and exposure to new microbes, travelling often includes some form of digestive distress, bloating, illness, or trouble sleeping," she said. "Probiotic supplements are helpful when travelling for a couple of key reasons - they boost your immunity and keep your digestive system healthy and happy." This is also helpful when detouring from usual eating habits and exposing the digestive system to new foods.