Brigadier Chris King called it a “generational moment”. He said: “If we don’t do enough, we will sow the seeds of future conflicts.” It comes as US defence secretary Lloyd Austin said the West must step up arms deliveries to Ukraine to help the country along its 620-mile frontline in the grinding war of attrition. Opening a meeting in Brussels on supporting the war-torn nation, Mr Austin urged more than 45 participating nations to dig deep. He said: “We can’t afford to let up and lose steam. The stakes are too high.” More than 100 troops from 30 countries are working flat out on resupplying the dogged defenders. British and American troops have established a nerve centre – dubbed “the attic” – in Patch Barracks, Stuttgart, Germany, to supply weapons, ammunition and equipment. Ukrainian military chiefs tune in to an 11am conference every day to tell Western allies what they urgently need. Troops then use a database to select which weapons, ammunition or equipment they can provide. Western nations can get gear into Ukraine within 48 hours. An operations cell then monitors the deliveries as they are picked up and taken to the frontline. Intelligence specialists are tracking the Russians to make sure they do not target Western shipments as they cross into Ukraine, via multiple ­top-secret routes. The logistics have become ever more difficult as Kyiv is increasingly asking for heavy artillery and tanks instead of hand-held anti-aircraft and anti-tank weapons. Meanwhile, yesterday President Joe Biden announced a further $1billion in weapons, including anti-ship rocket systems, artillery rockets, howitzers and ammunition. Last week the UK announced it would send its guided multiple-launch rocket system, which has ­better range and precision than Russia’s artillery. The most senior British officer at the Stuttgart base, Brig King, from 104 Logistic Support Brigade, said troops are proud they have kept the Ukrainians “in the fight”. He said: “It changed over Easter when we saw the massacres in Bucha. You see the scenes and you feel you want to help. It is a ­generational moment. “We either help Ukraine to fight or we accept that in the next few years we are going to be fighting somewhere else. We are planning into the years to come. I don’t think it is going to be over quickly. “But how the conflict evolves is too early to tell. As we saw in 2014, it never really stopped. We must get to a position where we sustain Ukraine otherwise we might have to do it somewhere else. Now there is a big focus on artillery and ammunition. There is no sign of them running out. “I’m confident we will continue to give them what they need.”