The PGA Tour has suspended all golfers involved in the Saudi Arabia-backed LIV Golf Series, tour commissioner Jay Monahan has confirmed. In an email sent to all members of the PGA Tour, Monahan slammed those golfers who had "decided to turn their backs on the PGA Tour by willfully violating a regulation" to play in the LIV Golf Series. 17 players, including Phil Mickelson, Sergio Garcia, Dustin Johnson, Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood will no longer be allowed to play in PGA Tour events. "The players are being notified that they are suspended or otherwise no longer eligible to participate in the PGA Tour tournament play, including the Presidents Cup," Monahan said. "As you know, players listed below did not receive the necessary conflicting event and media rights releases - or did not apply for releases at all - and their participation in the Saudi Golf League / LIV Golf Event is in violation of our Tournament Regulations. "This same fate holds true for any other players who participate in future Saudi Golf League events. These players have made their choice for their own financial-based reasons. JUST IN: McIlroy reiterates anti-Saudi tour stance with 'boatloads of cash' dig "But they can't demand the same PGA Tour memberships benefits, considerations, opportunities and platform as you. That expectation disrespects you, our fans and our partners. "You have made a different choice, which is to abide by tournament regulations you agreed to when you accomplished the dream of earning a PGA Tour card and - more importantly - to compete as part of the preeminent organisations in the world of professional golf." Graeme McDowell, Kevin Na, Louis Oosthuizen, Charl Schwartzel, Hudson Swafford, Talor Gooch, Branden Grace, Matt Jones, Martin Kaymer, Andy Ogletree, Peter Uihlein and Turk Pettit are the 12 other players no longer eligible to play in PGA Tour competitions. The email was sent around 30 minutes after the first LIV Golf Series event got underway in Hertfordshire and LIV issued an immediate response. DON'T MISSPhil Mickelson remains hushed on £160m Saudi LIV golf feeJustin Thomas' reason to join Tiger Woods in snubbing Saudi LIV leagueJohnson turns back on legacy for riches of golf's ESL equivalent “Today’s announcement by the PGA Tour is vindictive and it deepens the divide between the Tour and its members," LIV Golf said. "It’s troubling that the Tour, an organisation dedicated to creating opportunities for golfers to play the game, is the entity blocking golfers from playing. "This certainly is not the last word on this topic. The era of free agency is beginning as we are proud to have a full field of players joining us in London, and beyond."