Manchester United have prepared an offer of £34.1million (€40m) for Sporting Lisbon defender Goncalo Inacio, according to reports. The Red Devils are willing to offer bonuses worth a further £4.3m (€5m) for the player who is also attracting interest from fellow Premier League sides Wolves and Newcastle. United boss Erik ten Hag is looking to put his mark on the squad in his first window in charge. Defence is an area that he wants to improve in and Ajax star Jurrien Timber is heavily linked with making the same move his old manager has made. Juventus star Matthijs de Ligt and Villarreal's Pau Torres are also reported targets for United. But now Inacio's name can be thrown into the mix. Portuguese outlet A Bola claim United have an advantage over both Wolves and Newcastle in the pursuit of the 20-year-old centre-back. Wolves and Newcastle are not attractive to the player and he would rather join a club competing for major honours. READ MORE: Arsenal have already pulled off transfer masterstroke as Arteta given double boost  United have not won a trophy for over five years and their last Premier League title was back in 2013. But the club hope the arrival of Ten Hag can spark a return to success in the coming seasons. Inacio is said to have a release clause of around £38.4m (€45m) in his Sporting contract. As of yet, United are not prepared to pay that much up front but the bonuses mentioned would take the fee total to the same amount as the clause figure. Inacio came through the academy at Sporting and made his debut in October 2020 aged 19. He has made almost 50 league appearances for the Liga NOS side and has represented Portugal from under-17 to under-21 level. DON'T MISSLiverpool and Arsenal target Serge Gnabry drops hint as attraction to one club made clear [QUOTES]Chelsea 'rejected' by Antonio Rudiger replacement they could've signed on a free [GOSSIP]Chelsea chief sets tongues wagging over Ousmane Dembele with Twitter activity [SOCIAL]  Like Torres and De Ligt, Inacio is an out-and-out centre-back. Timber, on the other hand, can also play at right-back and could be an option to replace Aaron Wan-Bissaka, who is not part of Ten Hag's plans. At just 20 years of age, Inacio may be a signing for the future for United. He would have to compete with club captain Harry Maguire and France star Raphael Varane for a starting spot, as well as any other defender Ten Hag brings in. United are yet to make any signings this summer. Darwin Nunez and Frenkie de Jong are their top targets in attack and midfield respectively.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here