Flog It! star Paul Martin, 63, knows all there is to know about the world of antiques, but maneuvering into that world can be daunting for first-timers. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Paul shares his pearls of wisdom which will be cherished advice to anyone unsure of where to start when it comes to hunting for hidden gems. Talking about what people should look to buy, the Antiques Road Trip star replied: "Definitely buy a piece of furniture because it's at an all-time low. "Farmhouse tables, kitchen cupboards - anything that you can make use of in the kitchen. "A family can use can cabinets, you know, don't can buy new cabinets at some designer shop! "Go and buy an old glazed Georgian cabinet for the wall with a bit of character, a slight walk in it or something. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement "Something that's got traces of old paint on it - it looks beautiful, make use of something like that. "And if it's cheap enough, you can always get a friend who's handy with a few woodworking tools to slightly convert it and modify it, extend it, make it smaller or make it narrower so it fits your space." He added: "You must buy something you enjoy and that you can use. "My motto is hands-on history. Make sure you touch it and use it. "It's been beautifully crafted, get on use it and let your family use it so it has its own personality and identity and then it becomes part of your own family heritage that you can hand down to your kids. "My best advice to anybody nowadays if they want to invest in an antique is to go and buy a Georgian chest of drawers for maybe £300, because it's handmade, it's Cuban mahogany, it's beautifully designed, it's got great proportions, and it's going to last a lifetime. "Your lifetime and then your kids will inherit it and then your grandchildren will inherit it and they can say, 'This was granddad's.' DON'T MISS... EastEnders fans 'work out' Linda Carter's revenge plot on Janine [LATEST]Exasperated Dominic Raab shakes head at Garrawa’s wine probe [VIDEO]Matt Lucas gobsmacked as he discovers Anne Frank connection [LATEST] "They don't cost much, £300, much cheaper than going to Peter Jones or John Lewis. "And it'll go up and up in value, it'll look as good today as it was when it was made 300 years ago. "And it's a bargain. It's an absolute bargain because it's going to last another 200 years and go up in value." Paul has starred in several antique shows, with Flog It! running for 19 years. He had also hosted the Countryfile spin-off shows Summer Diaries and Autumn Diaries as well as Trust Me I'm A Dealer and Paul Martin's Homemade Revolution. Talking about how much he misses Flog It!, he added: "It's been a good 18 years. "A dream life for me - absolutely amazing, I wish it had never stopped." Flog It! and Antiques Road Trip are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.