To help Britons preserve the UK’s native wonders, experts at holidaycottages.co.uk have shared their five top tips on how to create a nature-friendly garden. From leaving your grass to grow to building bird houses, there are a variety of ways to attract birds and other wildlife to the garden. According to holidaycottages.co.uk, the birds most commonly seen during the summer months are the house sparrow, song thrush, and the starling. As for mammals, hedgehogs, house mice, and squirrels are often seen throughout summer, as well as the common toad, crested newt, and the green marsh frog. So, how to attract this wildlife to the garden? Firstly, it is a good idea to “let your grass grow and your trees spread”, the experts at holidaycottages.co.uk said. READ MORE: Haga Palace: Inside Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden’s home They continued: “Sometimes the biggest contributions are the smallest. “Simply letting your grass grow long will create a habitat for many different plant and insect species. “Lawn mowing once a month gives short-grass plants like daisies and white clover a chance to flower in profusion, boosting nectar production tenfold – all while cutting down your chores.” It is also worth avoiding cutting down trees as they offer space for birds and squirrels to nest. Specific mammals prefer specific flowers and trees, and so increasing the diversity of plants in your garden could also increase the diversity of your wildlife. Experts at holdiaycottages.co.uk said: “Native wildflowers are especially important because they’ve evolved with our insects, which makes them compatible with one another and encourages native biodiversity.” Pests and weeds are very common in all British gardens, but it is worth remembering that some chemical pest control solutions can cause harm to wildlife. So, instead, use “natural ways to control pests in your garden” and avoid “using chemical pesticides and fertilisers”. A few examples of natural pest control include using copper tape to protect from slugs, planting sacrificial flowers like nasturtiums to divert attention away from your prize plants, or using biological pest controls like ladybirds to keep the aphids at bay. Birds and mammals are more likely to come into the garden if they have a habitat to shelter in. Therefore, experts at holidaycottages.co.uk recommended “building your own bird house or bug hotel”. They said: “You can probably find the majority of the materials you need to build an insect hotel in your cupboards and sheds – items such as bamboo canes, shredded paper, dry leaves and dead wood are perfect and create habitats for a whole range of insects.” Lastly, creating a pond can be a brilliant way to attract wildlife to the garden. Ponds can become “simple drinking sources or thriving habitats for multiple species, complete with their own ecosystems”. They are a fantastic addition to the garden, but even a small container filled with water could do the job. If this starts to attract more wildlife, you can then expand to a bigger watering hole.