A heatwave is due to hit the UK at the end of the week after weeks of cloudy weather. Temperatures are set to sit in the high to mid-twenties in the coming days, with the southeast likely to feel it the most. The latest information claims temperatures could hit a staggering 34C on Friday afternoon. With the weather hotting up at the end of the week, many gardeners and houseplant owners will be worrying about how their plants are going to cope. Now, Founder of GardeningExpress Chris Bonnett has shared the “stress factors” houseplant owners should avoid during a heatwave. One of the main factors gardeners should avoid is repotting plants during a heatwave. Chris explained exclusively to Express.co.uk: “If we’re getting a heatwave and we’ve got plants that need re-potting or anything, you probably don’t want to be doing that because that’s another stress factor for them. READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer mum increases a home’s value by £95k “They’re trying to look after themselves in high heat conditions.” Another important factor gardeners will need to look at is watering. It’s likely that indoor plants will require more water as the weather warms up. While it may be hot outside, temperatures inside are also likely to be just as hot, if not warmer. Chris added: “Another thing is watch the watering. “They can dry out remarkably fast in the summer which you might not realise.” DON'T MISSHow to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [INSIGHT]How to clean washing machine seals with white vinegar - ‘best way’ [UPDATE]Garden cleaning hacks: ‘Best techniques’ to revive your garden shed [ANALYSIS] Ensure houseplants are watered in the evening or early morning. This will prevent water evaporating from the plant to quickly. Rather than watering the plant’s leaves, houseplant owners should ensure they water the plants’ soil. Instead of using water straight out the tap, use room temperature water instead. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Pour water into a watering can and then leave it for an hour or so. The water temperature will soon warm up. Too cold or too hot water can actually shock the plant. It’s also important that homeowners don’t overcompensate for the hot weather.  Leaving plants sitting in water can cause roots to rot. It can also attract bugs and flies which can then fly around the home. Before watering the plant, take the plant out of its decorative pot. After watering it, allow the water to drain away from the bottom of the plant.