The 36-year-old woman, who asked not to be named, enjoyed her warehouse position with online clothing retailer Missguided. She was on maternity leave having given birth to twins when the company went into administration last month. Staff were allegedly made aware they were going to be made redundant through an automated voice message. But the new mum wasn't working and became suspicious when she was locked out of her work email account. Colleagues then told her she no longer had a job, it is claimed. Speaking to Manchester Evening News, the mum of two said: "I worked for the company for eight years and they didn't even have the respect to tell me they were making me redundant and they completely failed to acknowledge I'm on maternity leave. "I found out about the company going into administration from a colleague that had been on one of the phone calls. There was a lot of confusion about who had been made redundant. "Myself and another person on maternity leave had to work out we were being made redundant via the ID code given and then they locked our email accounts."  The mum now faces the stress of looking for new work while taking care of newborn twins. And, in a letter seen by Manchester Evening News, appointed administrator Teneo has since admitted the company has "no funds" to pay her statutory notice pay, and that she'd have to claim any money owed from the government. The former employee, who lives in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, continued: "For me, I have never worked for a company like it. "I loved the people I worked with and found the job really satisfying. I never had any issues until this. "Throughout Covid, it was pretty tough to keep up with getting stock and doing our best for the customers and I was still travelling from Stoke to Manchester each day. "At Christmas, they said they couldn’t pay us early and that’s when Alteri were brought in. That’s when we first realised the business was struggling."  Missguided was saved in a takeover believed to be worth around £53m by investment firm Alteri, which announced redundancies in December as part of a turnaround plan. But the company's financial problems continued to persist. It eventually was bought out by Mike Ashley's Frasers Group on June 1. It's no comfort to the former employee though, and her former colleagues. "I am having to claim statutory maternity pay and I think I can claim about seven weeks' notice pay but it’s nowhere near what I would have been paid. I am lucky to have been there that long, some people have left with absolutely nothing," she said. "The problem I’ve got is that I now have to find a job whilst I also have two very young children to look after. But it’s not even just about the money, it's about the lack of respect. "We have worked our socks off and we just want what we are owed." Administrator Teneo has been approached on behalf of Missguided. 