Lorraine Kelly, 62, has spoken in a new interview about her fear of getting dementia, with the idea of "losing" herself frightening the presenter. She added that she believes we need a "frank conversation" about assisted death for people who suffer with the condition. Lorraine opened up in a recent interview about her fears in life and what she hopes to conquer. She was asked: "What other fears are you going to face up to?" Lorraine replied: "To be honest the thing that frightens me, I will be totally honest with you. "The thing that frightens me is not so much getting ill as you can hopefully do things to help yourself a bit. "I gratefully fear for things like losing myself to dementia. READ MORE: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot "As my gran had it a bit, not too bad but I think seeing that. "Seeing friends' loved ones lose themselves and slowly lose the person they love the most." She continued: "And that is what scares me about getting older but of course dementia can hit people that are younger. "I don't want to lose anybody I love and that sort of bit by bit way and I certainly would not want that for myself", she said in an interview with The Mirror. Lorraine is very open about her health concerns or weight woes, with the presenter revealing earlier this year a realisation she had during the pandemic. She told Express.co.uk she was sleeping as little as four hours per night, calling her habits "awful". With her sleeping schedule changing, the presenter revealed she went from a size 10 to a size 14 in lockdown. Lorraine said: "I’ll tell you what, the thing it’s making me focus on more than anything is sleep. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Loose Women's Ruth Langsford slams 'rude' colleague [COMMENT] Dame Deborah James looks radiant at Royal Ascot [PICS] "During the pandemic, I’ve not been sleeping as well as I might. "When you see it written down [on your tracker] as, ‘Oh, you’ve had for hours,’ you realise it’s not enough. "And it makes me go, ‘Oh my god!’ because sleep deprivation is one of the most awful things. It affects everything." Due to this the journalist paid with WW (formerly known as Weight Watchers) to help her fitness journey. "I think the main thing for me is that I just wanted to get my va va voom back ,” she said. "Just to get me back from before the pandemic.” "It’s not about weight anymore, we’ve advanced, we’ve moved on. That’s really what I want to get across." You can watch Lorraine on weekdays on ITV at 9am