Broadcaster Piers Morgan, who has met the Queen three times, assured the public today that she's not the "benign, almost mumsy" figure she might appear to be. According to Piers: "Beneath the smile lurks a formidably sharp brain." Piers also credited her "waspish sense of humour", telling of how it surfaced most memorably at a previous Windsor Castle garden party arranged for members of the media in 2002. He'd asked whether she enjoyed hosting the parties - and got a response he might not have bargained for. Bursting out laughing, the Queen had inquired: "Well, Mr Morgan, let me put it this way: How would YOU like 12,000 complete strangers trampling on YOUR lawn?" Now, as the Jubilee celebrations are in full swing, he is warning viewers not to be "misled" by how she appears. READ NOW: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction He pointed out she meets with the Prime Minister once a week. A total of 14 people have taken the role during the Queen's reign, and he told the Sun "all attested to the Queen’s extraordinary wisdom". Margaret Thatcher had revealed to Piers she trusted the monarch's instincts more than anyone else's. Meanwhile, Tony Blair had told him he found her vast experience of various problems "comforting" during his period of leadership. Piers recalled Blair's words: "There was no problem I encountered that she hadn’t seen before, in some form." There have been some distractions from the celebrations marking the Queen's 70-year-reign this weekend, in the shape of former working royals Meghan and Harry, and Prince Andrew. Andrew declined to attend events after the news he had received a positive test for Covid-19. Many are still talking about the public disagreement he had with Virginia Giuffre, and are questioning whether he should be attending royal events in the aftermath. DON'T MISS... Richard E Grant reflects on 'navigating grief' after wife's death [INSIGHT] Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule [UPDATE] Amber Heard’s lawyer says she ‘absolutely can’t’ afford $10m damages [LATEST] Meanwhile, as Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle attended their first royal event in two years, they were serenaded by boos from the crowds. However, Piers has made it clear today that, in spite of the furore, he will be firmly focused on Queen Elizabeth II. For the past two days, he has been leading coverage on the celebrations for Fox News. "What a fabulous [time] co-anchoring the Platinum Jubilee for ⁦ @foxandfriends⁩ with the wonderful ⁦@ainsleyearhardt & ⁦@marthamaccallum - loved it. Especially with guests like ⁦@MrsSOsbourne⁩ today," he told the world via Twitter. He added to his almost eight million followers: "Hope you enjoyed the shows, America!" Meanwhile on Thursday as events kicked off, he used his account to send a personal message to the monarch. "Happy Platinum Jubilee, Your Majesty!" he wrote. "I’m honoured to remain your humble & (occasionally) obedient servant. What a reign, what a magnificent lady."