Prince William and Prince Harry's once-close relationship has been under strain for several years, especially since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex decided to step down from The Firm in 2020. Speaking recently on GB News, royal expert Charles Rae discussed the brothers' now-tense relationship and William's feelings towards his younger brother. Speaking to GB News' host Nana Akua, Mr Rae said: "The Mail are talking to more people [ahead of William's 40th birthday] and they are promising more stuff on Monday. "It looks like it's a good read, and it's explaining, you know, yes William is growing his stature, there's no doubt about that, but also, it's highlighting again the rift between him and his brother." "He's actually saying, or friends of his are saying, that William believes that he is being sucked into an alien world". Ms Akua said: "That's exactly what I said", to which Mr Rae replied that "you are probably right". READ MORE: 'Very protective!' Prince William's reason for moving Cambridges to Windsor laid bare "The rift between Harry and William is palpable now. "There is, I can't see any way of it being solved." The royal expert added that William is "very hurt and wounded" by things that the Duke and Duchess have voiced over the past two years, in particular, "on the Oprah Winfrey show". He added, in particular, the "racist allegations". Speaking previously to 60 Minutes Australia, royal author Tina Brown discussed the "very little communication" within the brothers' relationship. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson sparks royal fan frenzy after sharing Beatrice and Eugenie childhood snap She said: "Unfortunately, the wounds of the Oprah [Winfrey] interview were deep, and then, of course, Harry's kept it up since." She also spoke of another one of Harry's pending "bombs", which is that of his upcoming "tell-all" memoir. She discussed how the entire Royal Family are "rattled" at what the book will expose. The news of the memoir came just a year after his and Meghan's televised "bombshell" interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [INSIGHT]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO] The Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down with Oprah and shared their experiences as working members of the Royal Family and explained why they stepped back to begin a new life in the US. They alleged that there had been conversations from certain Royal Family members, who remain unnamed, about how dark their son Archie's skin would be when he was born. In the interview, Harry claimed that William was "trapped" within the monarchy, adding: "My brother can’t leave that system, but I have.”