Zara Tindall's name does not mark her out as a royal. A departure from the more traditional royal names picked out for Harry, William and the more recent additions such as Prince George and Princess Charlotte, it stands out among the rest of the family. But how did Zara come to have such a unique name in the Royal Family?  Her uncle, Prince Charles, reportedly suggested Zara because it is a Greek name meaning "as bright as the dawn". But does this suit Zara’s personality as Taurus, who was born on May 15? Celebrity Psychic and Astrologer, Inbaal Honigman, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “Taurus is ruled by the planet Venus, which is in fact a very bright star, so the connection absolutely fits. READ MORE: Kate Middleton has 'most popular diet' - 'had to work for attributes' “Venus was a Goddess of love and grace, and therefore Taureans are peaceful and elegant. “So, one of Zara’s middle names, Anne, captures that meaning as well!” What does Zara’s star sign reveal about her personality? Inbaal added: “Interestingly, there are quite a few Taureans in the Royal Family. Taurus is a sign that honours traditions and family customs, and therefore is a great sign for someone raised within the monarchy.   “Taureans are hardworking and clever, their symbol is the bull and so they can shift from being peaceful to rage in a nanosecond. “However, not much enrages them. Taureans don't sweat the small stuff, and if something doesn't impact them directly, they won't interfere. “They let others be, in the hope that everyone just lets them be themselves.” Zara is very sporty and lives a low-key lifestyle – are these Taurus traits?  Inbaal explained: “Taureans are naturally understated and peaceful. “Taurus is an earth sign, and like Capricorns and Virgos, they are physical beings and enjoy jobs that work their bodies. Earth signs have no desire to live in the limelight apart from celebrating their own achievements. “Taurus is also a fixed sign, like Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius. Fixed signs are the stubborn signs that push through difficult moments and keep their eyes on the prize. “Taurus is the only sign which is both Fixed and Earth, and suits Zara’s take on life to a tee.”  Zara’s husband, Mike Tindall, is a Libra as he was born on October 18. Do Zara and Mike have compatible star signs? Inbaal commented: “Taurus and Libra are the only two signs in the Zodiac which are governed by the planet Venus. “Venus is the planet of love, peace and happy home life, and so those two signs are really compatible with one another. “Especially for marriage and sharing a household together.” 