Leeds chief Victor Orta has reportedly set a new asking price of £65million for Brazilian ace Raphinha. The talented winger has been linked with the likes of Chelsea, Manchester United and Arsenal this summer, while Barcelona are also said to be interested. Leeds signed Raphinha from Rennes in 2020 following their promotion to the Premier League. And the 25-year-old has gone on to rack up 17 goals and 11 assists in 66 games for the club. Raphinha still has another two years remaining on his contract at Elland Road but is attracting interest from a whole host of clubs following a series of fine displays. And he could be set to call time on his career in Yorkshire in the coming weeks. According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, Leeds have increased their valuation of Raphinha to £65m due to the fact they have now agreed to sell Kalvin Phillips to Manchester City for £42m. But no clubs have reached an agreement for Raphinha yet. READ MORE: Man Utd wonderkid 'has offers from England' as Erik ten Hag faces call    Arsenal and Tottenham are both still working on deals to sign the Brazil international, while Chelsea have also made contact with Leeds. And Manchester United have made an offer to sign the player, according to other reports. A move to Barcelona could be Raphinha’s preferred destination, however, if the Catalan giants are willing to shell out such prodigious sums of cash to land him amid their financial struggles. And earlier this week, the star’s agent Deco was pictured alongside Barca president Joan Laporta. Leeds only secured their Premier League survival on the final day of last season following a miserable campaign. And former top-flight midfielder Nigel Reo-Coker admits he would be “worried” if Phillips and Raphinha both headed for the Elland Road exit this summer. DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting' (NEWS)What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd move (INSIGHT)Cristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links (TRANSERS)      “I’d be very worried for Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips leaving,” the 38-year-old explained. “When you talk on Raphinha, just the fact on when you’re in the Premier League and teams find you out, you do need that player that has that extra bit of creativity, flair, style, something different to open defences and that’s one of the big things. “You can be a good team and continue to graft - Burnley had that style of play, everyone working hard - but at certain times in the Premier League you’re going to need players with flair, individuality, magic to open these doors. “There’s only so long you can play in the Premier League with a team that works hard, solid foundation, you need that player that you wrap in cotton wool, who can m akes things happen for you and get you extra goals.” Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 