Fungus gnats are tiny flying insects that can affect all types of plants, including fruits and vegetables. They are however, primarily attracted to indoor plants that are potted in containers, due to their moist soil and humid conditions. To protect houseplants, the experts at WeThrift have found different TikTok hacks to get rid of the common flying bugs. The pests lay their eggs in the soil where they hatch into larvae and feed on fungi in the soil. They can quickly harm the roots of young plants. According to the experts, using a lint roller is a great way to remove bugs. They said: “Just gently roll the tape onto the plant leaves, as doing this will remove the bugs and eggs from the plant and squash them to the tape, essentially killing them. READ MORE: 'Cheap & gets stain every time': Mrs Hinch fans share 'amazing' tip “Discard the squashed bugs away from the plant and into the bin as TikTok user kill_this_plant demonstrates.” Nick Drewe at WeThrift added: “If you’ve had an infestation of fungus gnats, then it’s important to rip a new sheet on the sticky roller after cleaning each plant. “This will prevent any plants that have not yet been infected from coming contaminated with the bug eggs.” According to the experts, cinnamon powder is one of the “most effective” ways to kill houseplant flies. DON'T MISS:How to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden weeds using cupboard essentials [COMMENT]How often to wash bedding in summer to kill dust mites [INSIGHT]What plants to prune now to help 'successful growth' in the garden [EXPLAINER] The cinnamon works like a natural fungicide, which kills the fungus spores in the soil on which gnats feed, making the soil unfit to live in. The experts said: “This method is really simple, as all you need to do is sprinkle cinnamon across the top layer of soil in the plant pot. “This remedy kills off both adults and larvae.” Orange peel can also help to deter houseplant flies from infesting plants. The WeThrift experts said: “You can create an insect repellent spray following @creative_explained instructions. “Start by taking the peel from two oranges and placing them into a pan with two tablespoons of soap and two cups of boiling water. “Let the mixture sit for 24 hours and pour into a squirt bottle.” Nick added: “It’s important to remove any dead leaves or stems from your plant pots, as they become a prime target for fungus gnats to lay their eggs.” Fungus gnats are attracted to moisture and decaying materials found within the soil, like peat moss or compost. To prevent the pests from laying eggs and to ensure they don’t infect other plants in the home, sand can be used on top of the soil. The experts said: “TikTok plant enthusiast madelinebus_ uses sand to reduce moisture in the plant pot, which in turn kills adult gnats and eggs. “Fungus gnats like to lay their eggs in moist soil, so dry soil discourages this. “It’s important to avoid overwatering and to use potting soil designed for indoor plants, which is a less liveable environment for bugs.” Making a peroxide spray can also help target the flying pests as well as placing matchsticks into the soil.