Knowing how to grow hydrangeas correctly is among the most impactful ways you can prevent brown spots from arriving. However, infection can still occur. Brown spots are most frequently caused by the fungus Cercospora that commonly exists in your soil. It usually reaches the plant through overhead watering or rainfall. So, while gardeners may know when to plant hydrangeas for optimum growth, it’s equally important to know how to treat brown spots if they arrive. The secret? Compost tea, say garden experts. Compost tea – the (homemade) liquid version of solid compost material – is an organic yet powerful way to treat brown spots on hydrangeas. So, it’s unsurprising that it’s so favoured by experts. Here’s how they’re applying it. READ MORE: ‘Very important step’ for painting rooms to make job ‘much easier’ Jason White, the CEO of All About Gardening, explained: “Compost tea is an easy-to-make natural remedy for brown spots on hydrangea leaves.” To do so, he recommends using an old pillowcase or a burlap bag and filling it with compost. The expert continued: “This will act as your tea bag as you place it in five gallons of water and leave it to steep for three days.” After this time, Jason suggests pouring the liquid into a spray bottle and applying it to the brown leaf spots of your hydrangeas. DON'T MISS: I used a 13p fruit to remove stubborn limescale from my bathroom tap [INSIGHT]How to clean ‘greasy’ wooden blinds using tumble dryer sheets [TIPS]Easy kettle trick to knock £300 off your energy bills each year [EXPERT] Gardening expert Jen Stark similarly encourages gardeners to try this compost tea remedy. She said: “Adding compost tea to a spray bottle and spritzing it on the brown spots on your plants can help remove them.” So how does this organic treatment fight this common problem? Jason explained that the compost tea has beneficial bacteria that will effectively fight the bacteria responsible for brown leaf spots in the hydrangeas. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p way to fix ‘rough’ and ‘crunchy’ towels To protect your plant further, he suggests “spraying the plant with diluted liquid kelp to boost its immune system so as to prevent the spots from recurring”. As the experts suggest, the most common cause of brown spots is the fungus Cercospora. However, certified master gardener, Gabriel J. Croteau, suggests the problem could be down to its general growing conditions too. He said: “Hydrangeas need full sun to grow well and bloom. “If the plant has been growing in the shade or partial shade, then you should move it into a sunnier spot.” Therefore, when considering where to grow your flowers, and what to plant with hydrangeas, it is important to choose a spot that receives lots of sunlight. Rachel Crow, Homes and Gardens gardening expert added: “Using compost tea is an accessible way to treat brown spots quickly and effectively. “If you face these spots – whether from Cercospora or lack of sunlight – this trick will cure your plants back to health. “The only thing left to know is how to prune hydrangeas to extend their lives further.”