Gillian Leivers, the 60-year-old firm manager of Greenfeeds Ltd, showed a "blatant disregard for a high risk of death" prior to the tragedy which saw Nathan Walker, 19, and Gavin Rawson, 35, get into difficulties when trying to clear out the tanker. Both men died at the recycling centre in rural Leicestershire and their families since said they are still living with "unbearable" grief. Mrs Leivers was jailed for 13 years yesterday at Leicester Crown Court where her husband Ian, 59, who was a director at the firm, was also locked up for 20 months. Stewart Brown, 69, the firm’s transport manager, has been given a one-year suspended sentence for breaking health and safety rules, reports Leicestershire Live. The firm was also fined £2million after being found guilty of corporate manslaughter and admitting a breach of regulations over the tragedy, which happened three days before Christmas 2016. Mr Walker became a father just days after his death. Speaking outside the court after the sentencing, Mr Walker's dad Adrian said: "Nathan was only 19 years of age when his life ended through no fault of his own. Nathan was expecting his first child with his partner when he died. "His son was born 15 days after his death. He should have been here to see his son born. He should be here with his son now. "Nathan’s death was cruel and there was no sense in it. The shock, horror and grief of hearing that our son had been killed will stay with us for the rest of our lives. The pain we feel in our hearts is still completely unbearable. Life will never be the same for us.”  Investigators found a catalogue of health and safety breaches at Greenfeeds. The three bosses were found to to have ignored previous concerns about safety relating to the toxic tanks. Yet Mr Rawson was allowed to jump into the tanker to try to help Mr Walker when his colleague got into difficulty. Emergency services were called and cut a hole in the tanker, but it was too late to save their lives. Speaking yesterday, Mr Rawson's father Gareth said: "No one should have to hear about their son’s death like we did. If only Health and Safety guidance had been followed, Gavin would still be here." "We just want him back in our lives but know we can’t have him. We just wish we could hold him, hug him and tell him he is our hero. It is completely devastating to our entire family that we will never be able to do this."   The court heard the forensic pathologist, who examined both victims, said they had been overcome by toxic fumes and/or a lack of oxygen which had caused them to lose consciousness and fall into the animal feed. Mrs Leivers, who lives in Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire, was also banned from being the director of a company for 15 years as well as her jail sentence. Her husband Ian, of the same address, was disqualified from being a company director for 10 years as well as his jail term for breaking health and safety rules. Brown was found guilty of failing to take reasonable care of his employees. Detective Constable Kirsty Iqbal, of Leicestershire Police, said the men had their "whole lives ahead of them". She added: "Both men went to work on the day of 22 December 2016 at Greenfeeds Ltd where they should have been looked after and their safety should have been paramount." "Mr Walker and Mr Rawson had their futures taken away from them simply because the firm did not have the correct safety procedures and equipment in place. Their deaths should never have been allowed to happen." 