Princess Beatrice, who is mother to baby Sienna, stepped out with her adorable stepson and husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi for the last day of her grandmother’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The princess, 33, dazzled in royal blue as she doted on her step son who made his first official royal appearance at the Platinum Jubilee Pageant.  Wolfie, 6, looked smart in a navy jacket as he sat in between Princess Beatrice and his father. It was a real family affair as they were joined by Princess Beatrice’s younger sister Princess Eugenie who was with her adorable son, August, one and husband Jack Brooksbank. But there was no sign of Princess Beatrice’s eight-month-old daughter Sienna, who is yet to be seen in public.  Princess Beatrice and Wolfie could be seen chatting in the Royal Box as he appeared to eat a snack. Royal fans flocked to Twitter to remark on how it was “lovely” to see Princess Beatrice in “mommy mode”. One said: “Love seeing Beatrice in mommy mode for the first time.”  READ MORE: ‘Humbled’ Queen inspired by nation’s kindness, joy and kinship Another said: “How adorable for Beatrice & Edo to bring Wolfie.” One added: “I think that Edo and Wolfie has been the making of Beatrice. She has found a focus and blossomed as a result. Cute kid.” Wolfie is Mr Mozzi’s son with his ex-fiancee Dara Huang. He is thought to split his time between his parents, who both live in London. DON'T MISSKate Middleton bakes cupcakes for Jubilee tea party with her kids [PICTURES]Beatrice and Eugenie stun crowds as royals spotted plate spinning [INFO]Beatrice and Eugenie show off 'new style' in Saloni & Roksanda dresses [INSIGHT] Beatrice became stepmother to Wolfie when she and Mr Mapelli Mozzi tied the knot last July. Wolfie played a key role as his father's best man. Earlier today, Princess Beatrice paid tribute to her grandmother saying she is "very, very lucky" to have her as her grandmother while attending a Jubilee lunch in west London. Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice attended the event, mingling with members of the local community, including NHS workers, a food social enterprise and members of Octavia housing who offer a befriending service for the elderly.  Introducing herself to a table of volunteers and service users from Octavia House, Beatrice said: "My name's Beatrice, the Queen is my granny, I'm very, very lucky." Beatrice then moved to another table with more people from the charity. She discussed the moment from last night's concert when the Queen produced a marmalade sandwich from her handbag in a pre-recorded sketch with Paddington Bear. "I've always wondered what was in her handbag and now we know," Beatrice said. "The secret is out, it's a marmalade sandwich."