Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer now has a higher approval rating with the public than Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The PM’s popularity has nosedived since the turn of the year, following further developments in the Partygate scandal. Supporters have turned to Labour, which is currently the polling favourite to win the next general election. Sir Keir currently has an approval rating of 30 percent according to YouGov - correct as of June 2. The score means the Labour leader has seen no change to his approval rating, which was released in May. Between September 2021 and March 2022 he had steadily swelled his popularity month-on-month.  READ MORE: Truss poised with 'get out of jail card' to escape deal The number of people who disapprove of the job Sir Keir is doing has dropped by two percentage points to 51 percent. The market research firm asked participants: “Do you think Keir Starmer is doing well or badly as leader of the Labour party?” Each person could then answer either “well”, “badly”, or “don’t know”. The number of individuals who gave the final option as their answer grew from 18 to 19 percent.  Between 1,623 and 3,326 British adults were surveyed as part of the research. Since becoming Labour leader in April 2020, Sir Keir’s approval rating has peaked at 48 percent, on two separate occasions. However, since December 2020 his score has not broken the 40 percent mark, and often fluctuated between 20 and 30 percent. Compared with the PM, Sir Keir’s approval rating is six percentage points higher - Mr Johnson’s current score is 24 percent.  DON'T MISS: Brexit impasse could break with Boris Johnson resignation [ANALYSIS]Smart meter CHAOS as Britons billed for usage outside of their homes [INSIGHT]Fire engines scrambled as pub roof bursts into flames [NEWS] If a general election took place today Labour, would be the favourites to form a government. The party leads the Tories by five percentage points, with 36 percent of the vote. But despite topping the survey, Labour’s advantage has been cut by three points, since the previous round of research was conducted. Whereas public backing for the Tories has increased by one percent, which also holds an 11 point lead among over 55s.  Sir Keir’s support base has benefited from developments in the Partygate scandal, which have rocked Downing Street. Last month, Sue Gray - one of the Government’s most senior civil servants - published her own findings into Government lockdown parties. The report was highly critical of the culture within Downing Street, and highlighted the PM’s attendance at eight of the 12 gatherings she investigated. But Mr Johnson was only fined by the Metropolitan Police for attending his June 2020 birthday party, and has refused to give in to growing calls to resign as PM. 