Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall lived in Wiltshire before moving in with Prince Charles in Clarence House and Highgrove in Gloucestershire. Following her divorce from her first husband Andrew Parker Bowles in 1994, the Duchess of Cornwall purchased a sprawling property called Ray Mill House in Lacock, Wiltshire. Camilla reportedly spent £850,000 on the Grade-II listed property, located just a 15-minute drive away from Highgrove House, the country home she now shares with Prince Charles.  It acted as her main home from 1996 until 2003 when she moved out to live with Charles at their London residence, Clarence House. However, she continues to keep the private property as a personal base. Photos taken shortly before she moved in have shown what the mansion is like inside. Camilla's garden had luxurious features including an outdoor swimming pool, stables for her horses, and large gardens with a river.  In 2006, Camilla's daughter Laura chose to host her wedding reception at the property when she married Harry Lopes. Outside, there was a large swimming pool lined with concrete walls. Inside, Camilla’s kitchen had yellow walls with red tiles and blue-tiled flooring. The cupboards were white with wooden worktops, and there was a circular wooden dining table in the middle of the room.   Camilla’s dining room had cream and white baroque print wallpaper and cream carpets. Two large paintings were handing in gold gilded frames, and a large chandelier added a regal touch. Camilla's sitting room boasted views across the enormous garden of the property. It had high ceilings with a carved alcove that led into an enormous bay with floor-to-ceiling windows.  Upstairs, there was a concrete roof terrace with a black railing overlooking the grounds of the property. The hallway had cream carpets and high ceilings with white plinths and archways. The stairs were lined with a wooden bannister and concrete railing. The panelled bedroom took its name from the wooden panels that made up the walls. It had cream carpets and two paintings hung in bronze frames on the walls.  The bed had a cream and white button-back frame. There were sash windows with wooden frames and red curtains that draped onto the floor, and an oak chest of drawers in the corner. The 'snug room' made for a cosy living room at Camilla's private home. It had wooden panelling along the walls, and a large fireplace above which hung a huge painting. There were shelves in one corner displaying various ornaments, and a wooden rocking chair at one side. 