Tomatoes are relatively easy to grow in the UK both indoors, in greenhouses and outside. Tomato plants love warm conditions so need to be placed in a sunny spot. But even if you follow all the right steps, some gardeners can find it difficult to get tomato plants right. In partnership with garden furniture company Bramblecrest, gardener and RHS Gold winner Terry Winters has shared his “secret” to planting tomato plants. Terry, who owns Ordnance House in Wiltshire, exclusively told Express.co.uk tomato plants need to be planted “deep”. He said: “Tomatoes need to bask in a sunny, warm spot, with good soil or decent compost and regular watering. “But don’t forget to give them a weekly feed as they start to flower. READ MORE: Ideal temperature to ‘effectively’ clean bed sheets - ‘kills bacteria’ “I grow cordon tomatoes up bamboo canes, pinching out side shoots as they appear. “But you can just as easily grow bush tomatoes which don’t need support. “The secret is to plant tomatoes deep, it anchors the plant, encourages root growth and takes up feed more easily. “That way you’ll get a bigger plant, more quickly with far more fruit and a bountiful crop.” DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls [ANALYSIS] Terry received an RHS Gold award for his garden in the My Chelsea Garden competition in 2020 which was held in conjunction between the Royal Horticultural Society and the BBC One Show. The gardening expert incredibly created and designed the Ordnance House garden from scratch. Tomato plant seeds can be sown from February to April. Tomatoes can then be harvested from July through to September. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tomato plants need watering regularly to ensure the compost is kept moist. If the moisture levels of the tomato plant fluctuate too much, it can cause problems for the fruit. The fruit of the plant can split or blossom end rot can occur which is caused by lack of calcium in the fruit. Tomato plants in containers dry out quickly so will need watering daily in hot weather.  Mulch the soil around the tomato plants to keep moisture in the ground and deter weeds from growing. Ensure any mulch is kept away from the base of the stem, otherwise rotting can occur. One common problem with tomatoes is tomato blight. This is a disease which causes fruit and foliage to rot and occurs most often in wet weather. To stop this happening, choose blight-resistant varieties.