Camilla and Charles have arrived in the Rwandan capital of Kigali at the start of an official visit to the country. The visit is taking place ahead of the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Rwanda this week. Camilla looked ravishing as she and Charles stepped off the plane this evening as they touched down in Kigali. The Duchess donned a dark green dress decorated with a ditzy floral print. The tiny flowers were a range of colours, including blue, green, and yellow. Camilla’s dress was a shirt-like dress with a collar, buttons, and a loose belt tied around the waist. READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor health: Royal's ‘profound’ battle with eye problem The Duchess completed her outfit with a small beige canvas bag with a dark brown leather handle. She also wore beige court shoes with a small heel. Camilla’s blonde locks were neatly blow dried and she wore minimal make-up. The Duchess looked a little tanned, most likely a consequence of the UK’s warm weather last week.  It is not a surprise Camilla opted for a green dress to land in Rwanda as the Duchess is a fan of the hue. She owns multiple green dresses and coats, as well as floral garments. According to fashion expert and personal stylist Samantha Harman, there might be a reason why Camilla often dons green. “In colour psychology, green signifies peace and security,” Samantha told Express.co.uk “These are two things the Duchess will be wanting to convey, when we consider what’s happening with the royals lately. “As Prince Charles prepares to be king, they'll be wanting to portray the message that we are in ‘safe’ hands.” The expert added: “Green is also a colour of optimism. And, given everything that’s happening in the world right now, we want some of that.” Green is also a colour associated with nature and the environment, which Camilla is an advocate for. Charles and Camilla’s trip to Rwanda comes days after the Prince slammed the Government’s plan to process asylum seekers there. Charles is said to have described the plan – which did not go ahead as intended last week – as “appalling”. However, a Clarence House spokesperson said that the Prince had not tried to influence the Government on the issue. The spokesperson said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. “Matters of policy are decisions for Government.”