Rafael Nadal shut down retirement fears by confirming he would "keep fighting" after winning a record-extending 14th French Open and 22nd overall Grand Slam title. The 36-year-old has sparked retirement fears during the tournament after admitting some of his previous rounds could be his "final matches" in Paris but told the fans on Court Philippe-Chatier he would "try to keep going" after defeating Casper Ruud 6-3 6-3 6-0 in the final. Exactly 24 days after limping off court following a third-round exit from the Italian Open, Nadal is the French Open champion. The 36-year-old not only extended his record to 14 titles in Paris and 22 Majors but became the oldest man to win Roland Garros just two days after his 36th birthday. Despite his success over the fortnight - becoming just the third man in history to beat four top 10 players en route to a Grand Slam title - his victories were overshadowed by retirement fears, sparked when the world No 5 admitted his quarter-final against Novak Djokovic could be his "final match" here. But the man dubbed the 'King of Clay' quickly shut down any rumours of an impending retirement announcement as he ended his victory speech by saying: "I don’t know what can happen in the future but I gonna keep fighting to try to keep going." JUST IN: Coco Gauff sets out bold Wimbledon goal after French Open heartbreak  The world No 5 also shared the emotion of managing to win the title despite his age and recent injury struggles. "Well for me personally, very difficult to describe the feeling that I have. It's something that I’ve for sure never believed, [to] be here at 36, being competitive again, playing in the most important court of my career one more time [a] final. "Means a lot to me, means everything, means a lot of energy to try to keep going. I just want to say merci merci beaucoup." DON'T MISSFrench Open boss to introduce five sets to women's gameFrench Open champ Swiatek stunned as reporter asks 'make-up' question  Nadal also thanked his team and family in his speech, telling them he would have already been "retired" without their support. "Team, family, everyone who is there. It’s completely amazing the things that are happening this year so I just can thank you very very much for all the things that you are doing with me and you did over the years," he said. "Without you nothing of this would be possible without any doubt, especially in the very tough moments that we went through in terms of  injuries. If I don’t have a great support from the team, family, everybody that have been next to me nothing lf this would be possible because I would have been retired much, much before so many, many thanks for everything." 