The effects of the pandemic and the war in Ukraine have heavily impacted the UK energy sector, with firms passing the spiked costs of energy to consumers. After the record 54 percent hike of the energy price cap on April 1, customers across the country are faced with massive increases in their energy bills, along with a 30-year-high rise in inflation rates. But firms are blasted by experts as well as the energy regulator Ofgem for failing to meet customer standards or following “bad practices” at the expense of consumers. Following an investigation, Western Power Distribution was hit with a £14.9million fine after failing to support vulnerable customers. A new warning over dramatic rises in energy bills is issued by a savings expert, who alerts customers to constantly keep an eye on their metrics and keep updating their provider with their latest usage details. Kevin Mountford, co-founder and savings expert of Raisin UK, raised the alert after noticing cases of citizens being charged even with usage outside of their houses. He told Express.co.uk: "It's important that consumers double-check their usage of electricity. “There have been some cases where residents, particularly in apartments, have been paying for electricity usage outside of their apartment!” READ MORE: Smart meter warning as Britons face direct debit payment surge over 'inaccurate' readings Mr Mountford stressed that people should closely monitor their electric meters to “fully understand” how much energy they are using. The savings expert also urged consumers to check their plan with their provider, and double-check if they are on direct debit. When on direct debit, suppliers charge a lump sum every month regardless of how much energy is being used, and that could explain why consumers are seeing larger amounts leave your account. He said: “There have been some horror stories of some energy firms plucking figures out of thin air and also changing direct debit amounts without giving consumers enough notice and sometimes no notice at all. "This is concerning as many households are struggling with other cost-of-living pressures." READ MORE: Energy warning as firms 'invent electricity meter readings' and 'adjust' direct debits Asked about potential dangers in the use of smart meters, the savings expert said: "If you have moved energy supplier and you have a smart meter... double check your new energy supplier can read your smart meter. Call them to check, and if not they will come and fit you a new one. "There have been issues where many people are no longer able to use their smart meter to pay when they got moved to a new supplier after their previous one collapsed." In a chilling warning to consumers in April, Ofgem Chief Executive, Jonathan Brearley had called out suppliers for increasing direct debit payments by more than is necessary. The regulator executive also blasted firms for directing customers to tariffs that may not be in their best interest, in order to “ease cashflow problems”. Previously, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng announced the launch of an Ofgem investigation into claims firms are ripping off customers through direct debits. DON'T MISS: Citigroup issues ominous forecast as Europe economy faces meltdown [REPORT]Bread shortages 'inevitable' in UK due to war in Ukraine, bakers warn [INSIGHT] The energy price cap is expected to further rise in October, while Ofgem has announced plans to review the price cap every three months rather than six months in the future. Chancellor Rishi Sunak recently announced a series of measures to support the poorest households and pensioners amid the crisis. Rishi Sunak announcement: Full list of handouts for Britons and who is eligible Asked to comment on the measures, the savings expert said: “Whilst these measures are encouraging and should bring some relief to households, for many of the 'squeezed middle', the increase in discount is still dwarfed by the jump that is coming to energy bills as forecasted by the regulator Ofgem.” During a press briefing, Citigroup CEO warned that Europe could dive into a recession this winter, amid the energy crisis. Jane Fraser said that, especially if this winter is a cold one, recession will leave people unable to cover the necessary cost of heating.