Jean (played by Gillian Wright) endured a heartbreaking bipolar episode which lasted for months as she refused to get help. Stacey (Lacey Turner) agonised over her mother's health while trying to keep the family together, look after her children and keep an eye on Jean. After months of trying to convince Jean to get help, recent EastEnders episodes saw Jean attempting to take her life before Stacey saved her. Although Jean's now in hospital, the stress took a huge toll on Stacey. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, leading psychologist Dr Alison McClymont explained what can trigger a bipolar episode - could history repeat itself for Stacey? Scenes on the BBC soap saw how Jean was initially hospitalised but after being tormented by a fellow patient, she returned home. It was clear however she needed more care than Stacey and the Slaters could give her. Stacey was against her mother going back into hospital after seeing her suffer, so the ongoing worry about this is probably going to have an impact. When Stacey and Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) went to visit Jean the first time she was in hospital, they were both left feeling terrible. The doctor informed Stacey that Jean had been having a difficult stay so far. READ MORE: Stranger Things fans expose secret season 4 villain working with Vecna She explained: "Jean had an assessment, we've adjusted her medication. "We will be monitoring her closely, so we should see a gradual improvement in her condition over the coming weeks, but we think the mania has now peaked." "Well that's good," Harvey replied as Stacey asked: "Can we see her?" "Of course," the doctor replied, but she had a warning for Stacey. "She may be a bit tired, the resident in the room next to hers is a little challenging." "What do you mean, challenging?" Stacey asked, concerned. "There's just a few issues to iron out," the doctor replied. "Can't you just move her somewhere quieter?" Stacey suggested, but the doctor explained they were pushed for space. Another time, Stacey witnessed Jean being locked in her room by the troublesome patient and decided she wasn't safe. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Exit for Phil as Hope destroys wedding [THEORY]UK to host Eurovision for Ukraine after Sam Ryder's success [LATEST]Liz Kershaw slams BBC over ageism row 'No women over 60' [VIDEO] With the pressure of trying to help Jean alone and the guilt over her being back in hospital, it's likely Stacey is feeling the strain. When asked if a bipolar patient who has managed to regulate their symptoms for years with the right help could suddenly suffer an episode, Dr Alison McClymont confirmed they could. "Episodes that are either depressive or manic can crop up and are often attributed to big life events or change," she explained. "Stress, lack of sleep and poor self-care can also bring on an episode, they also might be representative of needing a medication review." She described the symptoms people should look out for if they suspect someone if suffering a bipolar episode. "Classic bipolar symptoms are a period of marked low mood or depressive behaviours followed by a noticeable change in mood called mania," Dr McClymont stated. "Mania is an obvious uptick in mood and energy and may be characterised by rapid speech, a thought pattern that is hard to track, risk-taking behaviour and/or delusions. "Note that more extreme symptoms of bipolar such as psychosis are only seen in type 1. "It is common that depressive episodes last longer than a manic one, and a manic episode must last for at least four days. "Bipolar type 2 is the more common form, and does not involve psychotic symptoms." With Stacey having so much to be stressed about lately, could her own health take a heartbreaking turn? Stacey knows how it feels to be hospitalised due to her mental health, and it would be devastating to see her going through it at the same time as her mother. Stacey and Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) also seem to be finally making some progress after their developing romance was halted by Jean's condition. Will Kheerat perhaps be the one to notice Stacey isn't acting herself? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.