Newcastle have hopes of becoming title contenders once again in the coming years, and their new owners are more than happy to invest heavily into the project to achieve such a feat. However, despite their significant funds, they may not be able to prise Benoit Badiashile away from Monaco. The Ligue 1 outfit have seen their summer spending budget boosted by the news that Kylian Mbappe had extended his contract at Paris Saint-Germain. The Ballon d’Or in waiting has put pen to paper on an extremely lucrative deal at Le Parc des Princes, meaning that his former side have received a major cash injection having come through the academy there. And L’Equipe, via GFFN, report that the increase in funds has made it difficult for Newcastle to sign central defender Badiashile. The Frenchman has impressed this season, capturing the interest of the Magpies who have reacted by reportedly putting an offer of £34million on the table for the 21-year-old. READ MORE: Calvert-Lewin sends message to Everton fans amid Arsenal rumours But the report goes on to state that Monaco are not desperate for that amount of money because of Mbappe's new deal, as well as their expected sale of Aurelien Tchouameni this summer. The midfielder has been heavily linked with a big-money move to Real Madrid over the past few weeks, with Liverpool also named as an interested club. Newcastle signed Dan Burn, Matt Targett and Kieran Trippier in the January transfer window, but Eddie Howe still does not appear to be content with his current crop of defenders. The Toon Army have been heavily linked with Lille centre-back Sven Botman – who is also wanted by AC Milan – and Atletico Madrid left-back Renan Lodi. Acquiring Badiashile too would represent a huge statement of intent by Howe's side. He made 24 appearances for Monaco this season, scoring once and helping them to an impressive third-placed finish in the Ligue 1. DON'T MISSNewcastle have four targets Ashworth can make his first signingArsenal on red alert as Fabian makes Napoli contract decisionNewcastle 'ready club-record £50m bid' to beat Arsenal to Paqueta deal The defender also has been linked with Manchester United, with Tottenham also reportedly keen on the exciting young prospect previously. If they do manage to reach an agreement with Monaco for Badiashile, Newcastle’s summer spending certainly won’t stop there. The club are keen to bolster their attacking options, with speculation suggesting they are close to agreeing on a deal with Reims for young striker Hugo Ekitike. He scored 10 goals and assisted three last season, and at 19 years old would represent a long-term investment by the Magpies’ new ownership.