Former Chelsea goalkeeper and current technical and performance advisor Petr Cech has handed Romelu Lukaku a lifeline at the club after a disappointing first season since his £97.5million move from Inter Milan. The Belgian striker has also been linked with a move back to the San Siro this summer in a possible return to the club he left a year ago. Lukaku scored just eight goals in 26 Premier League appearances but Cech believes that he will improve in the next campaign. “I personally believe that he will have a great season,” the former Czech Republic international said at the Sport4Peace auction to benefit Ukraine. “Because we saw at the beginning when he came, but unfortunately the long-term injury he sustained against [Aston] Villa slowed everything down. “Then he had Covid as well, you could see towards the end of the season when he was fit and ready to go again how strong he is. “We had that particular season as a team around Christmas with Covid issues, he was one of those players affected but I have full confidence that he will bounce back and he will have a strong season.” Despite Cech believing that Lukaku will bounce back and enjoy an improved season, it may not happen at Stamford Bridge. Talks between Chelsea and Inter are ongoing but the Italian club are reportedly unable to pay a fee similar to the one they received last August, and cannot afford the Belgian’s current wages. There have been rumours of a loan move, while Chelsea are said to have asked for several Inter players in return for Lukaku in order to bridge the gap between the two sides. Lukaku was forced off with an injury during Belgium’s Nations League 4-1 defeat to Netherlands, but his international manager Roberto Martinez allayed fears that he would miss significant time and a possible transfer would be in jeopardy. "He will stay with us,” the former Everton manager said. “But the chance that he will still play is very small. Certainly not against Poland tomorrow and in Wales. “Maybe the fourth match, but that is also very unlikely. Another chance, otherwise we would have sent him back by now. “Medically it's not that bad either. I thought he was very good against the Netherlands. I was very happy with his match, so I was unhappy that he dropped out. We don't have anyone else with a profile as Romelu in the core. Obviously, we have to play in a different way now." If Lukaku is to leave Stamford Bridge this summer, Chelsea will hope for an early exit to add funds to their summer budget. Thomas Tuchel’s side are hoping to seal a deal for Sevilla defender Jules Kounde as their first signing of the transfer window.