Chelsea have been left kicking themselves before the transfer window opens amid Thomas Tuchel's long-standing desire to freshen up his midfield. Real Madrid are set to complete the £85million signing of AS Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni, less than 12 months after Chelsea decided to shelve their interest until this summer. The European champions have verbally agreed a fee with Monaco and are currently finalising a transfer for one of the continent's most highly-rated youngsters. Tchouameni is understood to have opted for a switch to Real, snubbing recent interest from Liverpool, Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain. Chelsea were leading suitors last summer, identifying the 22-year-old alongside Declan Rice as potential long-term midfielders to back Tuchel's project at Stamford Bridge. But the Blues viewed West Ham's £100m Rice valuation as steep and, despite being available for half of that fee, decided Tchouameni needed to experience another season with Monaco. The France international had enjoyed an eye-catching 2020-21 campaign beforehand, undoubtedly worthy of his £50m price tag, and only levelled up last season. Again, he has justified becoming Real's third-most expensive player behind Eden Hazard and Gareth Bale. JUST IN: Louis van Gaal's thinly-vailed threat may stop Man Utd signing Timber Tchouameni presented a glorious opportunity for Chelsea to nail down N'Golo Kante's long-term successor as the 31-year-old's future in west London remains up in the air. He is entering the final year of his Blues contract, and with Tuchel set to receive a sizable transfer budget from new owner Todd Boehly, he is eyeing midfield reinforcements. Jorginho also faces an uncertain future, whilst Saul Niguez has returned to Atletico Madrid after an unsuccessful loan stint. Chelsea will undoubtedly regret their decision to wait another year for Tchouameni rather than snapping him up for what would've likely turned out to be a bargain price. READ MORE: Chelsea preparing ‘concrete offer’ for Jules Kounde Despite his recent injury woes, Kante will have suitors after playing a pivotal role in Leicester City and Chelsea's Premier League wins in the last decade. And Erik ten Hag is reportedly eyeing the Frenchman as one of his first signings as Manchester United manager, as he looks to inject energy into his new midfield. Rice could be off the market again this summer, with West Ham pricing suitors out of a move by upping his price tag to £150m. So it remains to be seen where Chelsea will look next to bolster Tuchel's midfield regiment in their first transfer window under new ownership. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.