The Duke of York has faced a huge backlash from the British public since settling a high-profile sexual abuse lawsuit brought against him by Virginia Giuffre. The Queen's son paid a multi-million-pound settlement fee earlier this year, with no admission of liability, to close the case. Prince Andrew has repeatedly and vehemently denied the claims. Techne conducted a poll with over 1,600 participants for Express.co.uk, asking respondents: “Should Prince Andrew stay out of royal life permanently?” Out of all participants, as many as 90 percent said the Duke should be banished from public life. Just three percent answered 'No' and seven percent answered they 'Don't know'.  Out of all those who answered the poll, 89 percent of men said the Queen's son should leave royal life. Meanwhile, 92 percent of women said he should. Three percent of both male and female respondents said he shouldn't leave. Overall, seven percent answered they didn't know whether the shamed royal should step back from the limelight. READ MORE: Royal crisis as fans turn on Kate and Prince William after BBC snub However, Green Party had a slightly higher number of respondents that wanted to see the Duke banished from public - at 95 percent. It's not just members of the public who want to see Prince Andrew banned from royal life, as some members of his own family reportedly want the same thing. Prince William is said to be "pushing" for his uncle to be permanently and fully banned from all aspects of the firm. A source close to the prince was reported saying: “He [William] feels very strongly about this and if it had been up to him he would have pushed for things to have happened a lot faster than they did.” DON'T MISS:Kate is 'power behind William' - she 'implants ideas' for Duke [INSIGHT]Pretty in pink! The best outfits worn by royals like Kate and Zara [COMMENT]Kate to reclaim freedom in Windsor after 'feeling like a prisoner' [ANALYSIS] Another source said: “He has strong views on the Duke of York and believes his insistence in trying to cling on to a public role is highly dangerous for the institution. “He would have cut him loose a long time ago if it had been up to him. He understands that when it comes to mother and son the situation is complicated, but honestly I think he just wishes he would vanish from public view.” However, one royal reporter said the Queen isn't going to “completely banish” Prince Andrew from royal life. Duncan Larcombe said: “It's very difficult because, I mean, what does the Queen actually do? She effectively sacked her son two years ago by removing him as a working member of the royal family. But that doesn’t mean he’s never going to appear again. He can’t just vanish. “So, unfortunately, I think stories like this are an inevitable part, really, of the rest of Prince Andrew’s life.”