A host of British players were in action as the venue returned to full post-Covid capacity - much to the delight of fans who formed long queues to get in. Tournament organisers are hoping record numbers attend this year, with matches scheduled for the "middle Sunday" for the first time. Those spotted enjoying the action included Amanda Holden and Sir Cliff Richard while Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield looked very bubbly as they clutched glasses of champagne. The bumper Centre Court crowd was given another treat as Sir Andy Murray - twice a Wimbledon champion - followed US Open winner Emma, 19, onto the hallowed turf in SW19. She had feared a side strain would rule her out of competing. The capacity crowd enthusiastically backed their favourite in her opening match - her first on the hallowed turf of the most iconic court in tennis. Wearing Tiffany teardrop earrings encrusted with diamonds worth around £7,575, a matching necklace costing £3,875 and a classic white-gold Tiffany bangle with round diamonds and priced at £18,900, she looked every inch the jewel in Britain's tennis crown as she booked a second-round spot with her 6-4, 6-4 victory over Belgian Van Uytvanck. crowd: "I felt the support the moment I stepped out of the doors. "I wanted to say thank you for all the support through the tough times. To come and play here is extremely special. I am just so happy to stay another day." She will face France's Caroline Garcia tomorrow. Sir Andy Murray beat James Duckworth in a four-set victory under the lights last night. Sir Andy, 35, lost the first set but rallied. With his trademark fist pump and roar, the Scot used the energy from the crowd to take a firm grip, beating the Australian 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4. He told supporters: "I don't know how many more opportunities I'll get to play on this court, so I want to make the most of it." British number one Cameron Norrie was the first of the home stars to win - in straight-sets over Spain's Pablo Andujar. But rain stopped play twice as fans sheltered under brollies.