By Friday (June 17), many parts of the country will be sweltering in temperatures of the high 20s to low 30s. In central London, there are highs of 31 degrees predicted with such temperatures lasting into Saturday. The Met Office has insisted the short burst of extreme heat is not classified as a heatwave due to the fact it will be short lived. Heatwaves are only official when high temperatures last for three days or more. And meteorologist Jim Dale has warned this scorcher will not be hanging around - with thundery rain predicted to hit much of the UK by Sunday. Mr Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk it will be the south east experiencing some “very pleasant early summer conditions” at first. He said: “It will be very warm/hot in all parts of England and east Wales by Friday with temperatures hitting 25 to 30 degrees.” Mr Dale did predict temperatures will peak on Saturday in the south east at around 32 degrees - with it feeling very humid inland. And there will be no relenting when the sun goes down, as it’s predicted temperatures will continue to hover around the high teens and early 20s, making for some uncomfortable sleeping. WX Charts shows the south east, south west, London and some of the midlands swamped in temperatures of 28 degrees to 31 on Saturday. “But thundery rain will follow in the south on Sunday,” he added. “It will be notably cooler everywhere.” READ MORE: How to keep conservatories cool: 5 best ways from an expert Speaking about how things will look into next week, Mr Dale did not say the mercury will continue to dip. Instead, he estimates the warm temperatures will start to “build back”, particularly in the south. However, parts of the north, northwest and Scotland will see rain at times, and it will generally be much cooler. The Met Office’s long range forecast is consistent with Mr Dale’s predictions, with a chance of rain persisting in the north west with occasional spells of rain or showers possible. DON'T MISS:Boris’s new Brexit law unveiled: The 4 key changes it will make [INSIGHT]BBC Weather: UK's scorching heatwave 'going to be fairly short-lived' [REVEALED]Queen ALREADY reached world record, royal author notes [COMMENT]  A small risk of thundery showers will persist throughout next week too, it says. “Milder conditions look likely to return later in the weekend with temperatures trending back to around average for June,” the Met Office said. The hottest day of the year so far was recorded at Heathrow Airport last month when temperatures hit 27.5 degrees. According to the Met Office, despite June being well into British summer time, it is still “relatively unusual” for temperatures to reach the mid 30s at this time of year. If this Friday and Saturday is to break any records it will need to reach 35.6 degrees - a milestone result recorded on June 28, 1976 at Southampton Mayflower Park.