Brooks Koepka was frustrated at reporters for casting a “dark cloud” on the US Open with questions posed to him about Saudi Arabia-backed LIV Golf. The sport has overseen a dramatic change of late as several top golfers have defected from the PGA Tour to play in the LIV Golf series. Ahead of the 122nd US Open, the 32-year-old American challenged the line of questioning he faced ahead of the event in Boston. “I don’t understand. I’m trying to focus on the U.S. Open, man. I legitimately don’t get it," the two-time US Open champion told reporters. “I’m tired of the conversations. I’m tired of all this stuff. “I’m here at the U.S. Open, I’m ready to play the U.S. Open, and I think it kind of sucks, too, you are all throwing this black cloud over the U.S. Open. “It’s one of my favourite events. I don’t know why you guys keep doing that. The more legs you give it, the more you keep talking about it.” Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson, Louis Oosthuizen, Sergio Garcia, Lee Westwood and Ian Poulter were some of the headline names at LIV Golf’s first event in Hertfordshire, with Bryson DeChambeau and Patrick Reed also defecting to the Saudi-backed tour. Koepka has remained a part of the PGA Tour and was asked about his future at the press conference. "There has been no other option up until this point.” Koepka said. “Where else are you going to go? As of last week, that is it and I wasn’t playing last week. “Like I said, y’all are throwing a black cloud on the U.S. Open. I think that sucks. I actually do feel bad for them for once because it’s a sh***y situation. We’re here to play, and you are talking about an event that happened last week. You can’t drive a car looking in the rearview mirror” All of the players that defected to LIV Golf have been suspended from the PGA Tour by commissioner Jay Monahan. Fellow American DeChambeau has spoken for the first time since joining the heavily criticised series. Amid reports claiming he was offered a guaranteed £83million to join, he described the move to Sky Sports as "a business decision for my family’s future, and it gave me a lot of free time, so it cleared a lot of things up for me. "I think we'll have a new legacy. It was very difficult. It's been weighing on everybody out here for the past couple of years. "For me, what's gone on has not been great but they [Saudi Arabia] are moving in the right direction from what I can see and what we've had conversations about. I would love to play PGA Tour events when they would allow me to."