Christian Pulisic has revealed that he has already spoken to Todd Boehly and the rest of Chelsea's new ownership group before playing down any suggestion that he could leave Stamford Bridge over the course of this summer. The 23-year-old endured a difficult campaign with the Blues after being forced to play a back-up role for the vast majority of the campaign and has recently been linked with a move elsewhere before the action gets back underway. Pulisic has tumbled down Chelsea's pecking order in recent months but it seems as though he will be prepared to stay and fight for his place in the team for at least another season. He has insisted that he is excited to see what the future holds for him in west London after being left encouraged by his first meeting with Boehly, who recently purchased the Blues from Roman Abramovich in a lucrative multi-billion pound deal."As far as right now, I'm obviously just focused on what I'm doing here, and I'm super excited to be here," said Pulisic. "Of course, I want to get more playing time, I want to be on the field as much as I can and be the sharpest I can be and fit as well."I think I still got a lot of games, but it's always something that I'm working at and trying to be regular at club level as well to put myself in the best position to be fit when I come here with the national team. JUST IN: Arsenal ‘stepping up Gabriel Jesus chase’ as Man City set price "At the end of the season, we were able to meet with them [Chelsea's new owners] and they were around the club a lot. They are really good people so I'm excited moving forward."Pulisic has spent three years at Chelsea since arriving from Borussia Dortmund in 2019, chipping in with 25 goals from 115 appearances across all competitions in the process. It remains to be seen whether he will be able to hold down a regular starting spot for the Blues when the new campaign gets underway, with Thomas Tuchel having already backed the American winger to push forward over the course of next season. "He’s not that player who produced in the last three years 30 goals and it’s a matter of time until he is that kind of player, we will push him to the limit," said the Chelsea boss when quizzed on Pulisic last month."We’re not pointing fingers but we struggle with over-performance in this area and our opponents have certain quality and efficiency on a normal level that is far beyond our level of goals and assists."Maybe we need to help in the way we attack, maybe we can help in the structure of how we attack. We will try to help, we are not blaming anybody, it’s just a fact and we have to get our heads around it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here