Real Madrid have officially confirmed that Isco will leave the Bernabeu this summer, with the Spaniard offering a potential bargain for four Premier League clubs. Isco has spent nine years with Los Blancos, who hailed his contribution to their success in that time. "Real Madrid would like to express its sincere gratitude and affection to Isco, who during these nine years he has spent wearing our shirt and defending our crest has become a legend of our club," the club said in a statement. "His football made a lasting impression on all the madridistas who have accompanied him on this successful journey with so many unforgettable moments. Real Madrid is and always will be his home, and the club wishes him and all his family the best of luck for the future." Isco's exit from Madrid would appear to present a prime opportunity for a Premier League side to bring in a serial winner who is only 30-years-old. Here, Daily Express Sport looks at four top-flight teams who might be interested in signing him. READ MORE: Bale's view on Tottenham return after Real Madrid exit confirmed Chelsea Thomas Tuchel has made no secret of the fact that he is keen to improve his options in attacking midfield. Isco is a prime candidate to be brought to Stamford Bridge to fill that desire and would also bring a large weight of trophy-winning pedigree, having won five Champions Leagues and La Liga three times. Newcastle Newcastle's Saudi Arabia owners will be desperate to make a big impact in the transfer market this summer. A big-name signing will likely arrive at St James' Park and Isco represents a cost-effective option, as well as being a player who would clear improve Eddie Howe's squad. DON'T MISS: Dani Carvajal says Champions League ‘tainted’ by Liverpool fan chaos (NEWS)Man Utd ace Paul Pogba's next move obvious as PSG make final decision (TRANSFERS)Chelsea have two players who could be about to soften Tchouameni blow (INSIGHT) Tottenham The signing of Ivan Perisic would appear to hint that Tottenham will target experienced players to help Antonio Conte turn them into trophy contenders. Having failed to ever truly replace Christian Eriksen and with Conte making midfield a priority, Isco could be a prime target for Spurs. West Ham A poor January transfer window caused West Ham to fall out of the running for a top four spot, with David Moyes keen to bring in more bodies for his squad. Isco could be signed with a Jesse Lingard-type move in mind, with hope the Spaniard could have a similar impact on th Hammers.