Crime comedy-drama The Outlaws was a hit with fans at the end of 2021, and thanks to filming the two series back-to-back, the wait is almost over for series two to begin. The BBC One show comes from the mind of comedian, writer and actor Stephen Merchant, who most recently starred in the gripping true drama Four Lives as serial killer Stephen Port. This time around, he plays the sad divorce lawyer Greg who meets an unusual bunch through community service. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Outlaws.   The Outlaws was last seen in October 2021, and it's almost time for the sitcom to return to our screens. Season two of The Outlaws will premiere on Sunday, June 5, at 9pm on BBC One. The first series consisted of six episodes and season two will be the same with the second batch of six episodes to look forward to. Each of the episodes is going to have a running time of about an hour, with a new instalment coming out every Sunday night. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret   As long as there are no shake-ups in the BBC's schedule, The Outlaws season two finale will premiere on Sunday, July 10. But if you're not keen on waiting that long to watch the show, then there is an alternative. As soon as the first episode makes its debut on BBC One, the entire boxset will be dropped on the channel's free streaming service BBC iPlayer. So fans can binge-watch the entire second season whenever they wish.  Season two is going to pick up from where the first series finale left, with a mystery still on everyone's minds. The first outing saw the group bond over their time doing community service together when someone shot Spider (James Nelson-Joyce). The police believed it was Ben (played by Gamba Cole) but the others managed to convince the coppers that there was no concrete evidence that could link him to the crime. Ben was let off the hook but the shooter still remains at large as the second series begins. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon admits he wasn't 'devastated' [REACTION]John Wayne struggled with heart problems and pneumonia on Brannigan [HEALTH]Britain's Got Talent set for star-studded special final [CAST]  An official season two synopsis has since been released by the BBC in the build-up to the drama. It reads: "Following on directly from the first series, The Outlaws still have time to serve on their sentences - but now they must face the fallout from their actions. "If they thought the criminal underworld or the local police were done with them, they are sorely mistaken. "The Outlaws must depend on one another while working with unlikely allies to atone for their sins – but can they save themselves without sacrificing their souls?"    The main cast from series one will be returning for the new episodes, including Christopher Walken as Frank, Rhianne Barreto as Rani, Darren Boyd as John and Eleanor Tomlinson as Lady Gabby. Also returning will be supervisor Diane, played by Fortitude actress Jessica Gunning. There will be a new face in town as well in the shape of Gavin and Stacey star Julia Davis as a character called Rita. The Outlaws season 2 will premiere on Sunday, June 5, at 9pm on BBC One.   