Ministers are hoping the Homes for Ukraine programme will provide Ukrainians in their tens of thousands with a pathway to find safe sanctuary in Britain. The scheme was announced several months ago and has drawn support from thousands of Britons. Under the scheme, individuals will be able to nominate a named person or family to stay with them rent-free, or in another property, for at least six months, and will be offered £350 a month for doing so. Anyone in the UK - of any nationality, providing they have at least six months' leave to remain in Britain - can make an application to host a Ukrainian refugee via the Government’s website. Applications can also be made by charities, businesses and community groups. There will be no cap on how many Ukrainians can apply to be housed under the scheme according to the Government.  READ MORE: Warning as flights diverted after ‘crazy’ lightning storms The Government says on its website that the money “will be made in arrears”. Payments are also limited to one instalment per residential address and not per individual. You will continue to receive payments for as long as you sponsor somebody and for up to 12 months.  The Government has said it’s ensuring ‘thank you payments’ do not affect benefit entitlement and will remain tax-free. Prior to payment, checks will be carried out which will include a visit to a participant’s home. Hosts have been told to view the £350 payment as a goodwill gesture to cover additional living costs as opposed to a full rental payment. The scheme does not expect hosts to cover food and other necessities.  DON'T MISS: Killer who snatched girl from her bed makes bid for early release [NEWS]Labour Welsh Government accused of insulting Queen in Jubilee book row [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak blasted by angry Tory MPs for having 'no policies' [ANALYSIS] During the initial phase of the scheme, people will need the name of a Ukrainian individual or family they wish to sponsor. Interested parties are advised to get in contact with the Government “directly and prepare to fill in a visa application with all their details and yours". Those who possess a valid Ukrainian passport can make an online application, though anyone without this form of identity will need to go to a Visa Application Centre. If you don’t personally know of anyone fleeing Ukraine, you can still register your interest on the Government website. 