Baroness Kate Hoey, speaking to Mark Steyn on GB News, slammed the BBC for having “a lot of problems”, particularly around its coverage of Northern Ireland. Baroness Kate said locals were “very angry” after the tricolour Republic of Ireland flag was used to represent Northern Ireland during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee last weekend.    “I think a lot of people watching this will simply say ‘oh well, it was just a mistake and so what? They did not really mean it’. “I’m afraid for those of us who are a little more critical of the BBC and the way it has behaved generally on issues to do with Northern Ireland - particularly with BBC Northern Ireland, which I think has a lot of problems - to make such a drastic mistake as that really needs some questions asked. “Questions of how it could happen, who was responsible, and has anyone actually been challenged about it. “Because the problem is it’s not the first time. There was something that happened I think just over a year ago, maybe two years ago now, again when the wrong flag was used.    “People might ask why we’re getting so upset about flags but in Northern Ireland, it’s actually quite important. “The flag of our own country being portrayed wrongly by the BBC, who the Northern Ireland people have to pay the licence fee too, as well, did make people very angry. “And although there was an apology, I’m not sure anyone has really been challenged as to why it happened and how it could have happened.” READ MORE: What is in Boris's bill to overrule NI protocol - what we know… [INSIGHT]  During the Party at the Palace last Saturday for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the BBC mistakenly displayed the Republic of Ireland tricolour flag to represent Northern Ireland. On a screen in front of Buckingham Palace, in a montage of football teams, the English, Welsh and Scottish badges were depicted before a video of someone flying an Irish flag followed. Comedian Doc Brown had spoken of being 'proud to be British' in front of the video, inadvertently highlighting the flag mistake. The Republic of Ireland has not been part of the United Kingdom since 1937. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Boris hands Macron huge trade victory [LIVE] EU Brexit revenge blamed as food prices skyrocket   [REPORT] 'Worry’ as plans to roll back hated Brexit deal could be threatened [REVEAL]   The BBC swiftly issued an apology for putting up the “incorrect flag” during Mr Brown’s segment. A spokesperson for the broadcaster said: “The incorrect flag appeared in a brief montage during Doc Brown’s appearance last night. We apologise for the error and the sequence will be edited on iPlayer.” Social media users were quick to point out the mistake. Terry Brennan, communications officer of Limerick Council, said: “@BBCOne did you just include the Irish tricolour in a song about being ‘proud to be British’. Laaaddddssss!!!!” While another user wrote: “If ever Unionists needed a sign that they just are not on the radar.”   