Arsenal could have a transfer edge in the battle to sign Leeds winger Raphinha as the Brazil international has previously revealed he started following the Premier League when Thierry Henry was banging in the goals for the Gunners. Raphinha has been the subject of intense transfer speculation this summer, with a whole host of clubs desperate to land him. “I also watched Arsenal at the time Henry was flying there so that’s when I started following the Premier League,” Raphinha told the Players’ Tribune last year. “That’s when I started to understand and get it into my head that this is where I wanted to play, where the best players were. I got it into my head that one day I wanted to be there.” Raphinha made the move to England in September 2020 after Leeds won promotion to the Premier League. And he has been a sensation at Elland Road ever since. The 25-year-old bagged six goals and nine assists for Leeds during his maiden campaign in Yorkshire. And last season, he found the back of the net 11 times and turned provider on three occasions, despite the fact his side were almost relegated. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'hold talks' with Raheem Sterling   Leeds endured a miserable campaign last time around as they struggled for form under previous manager Marcelo Bielsa. And they only secured their place in the top-flight on the final day of the season as they defeated Brentford 2-1 in west London. Raphinha still has two years remaining on his contract with the Whites but looks set to call time on his career ahead of the new season. Barcelona have been heavily linked with him, while Arsenal appear to be ahead of their Premier League rivals to land him if he opts to stay in England. But Tottenham, Chelsea, Manchester United and Liverpool are also reportedly circling - so the Gunners face a huge task to convince him to move to the Emirates Stadium. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraLeeds 'receive mystery £60m Raphinha bid' from English club as Arsenal and Spurs circleCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings      Arsenal enjoyed a spell of dominance during Henry’s heyday as the former France international helped the north Londoners win two Premier League titles and three FA Cups. And he was part of the famous Arsenal Invincibles team alongside the likes of Dennis Bergkamp, Patrick Vieira and Ashley Cole that went the entire 2003/04 Premier League campaign without losing a single match. Arsenal played entertaining, attacking football that was easy on the eye during Henry’s days at the club. And if Raphinha does opt to move to north London, the Gunners could take one step closer to becoming the free-flowing side they once were.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here