Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to a colour expert to find out how fans can add the Duchess of Cambridge's interior touches into their homes. Marianne Shillingford, Dulux’s creative director, told how Kate’s theme appears to be “a sense of calm” with her white and cream finishing touches. The Duchess gave fans a glimpse into her home in a video of her baking with her children, George, Charlotte, and Louis, ahead of the Jubilee weekend.  Marianne said a “relaxing environment” in the kitchen is important, adding: “The kitchen is the beating heart of any family home and so staying cool, calm and collected under the pressure of cooking for a young family can be pretty hard. “Kate knows a thing or two about making people feel comfortable and at ease so it’s no surprise she uses the most relaxed and elegant palette of cream combined with subtle off whites in her kitchen.” It is not known whether the video was filmed at Kensington Palace, the Duke and Duchess’ London home, or Anmer Hall, a 10-bedroom home on the Queen’s Sandringham Estate which is regularly used by the family. The children could be seen whipping up cupcakes in the video shared on Instagram.  Marianne added: “By delicately balancing cool and warm tones for different areas, you can take the heat out of even the most frantic mealtimes. “The theme they have gone for in the kitchen is light and airy classic country which provides a backdrop for family life that is hugely adaptable for every occasion – just like they are.” The video also showcased some of the appliances the royals have used to deck out their kitchen, including some with a hefty price tag. The top of the range cooker will set fans back by £4,200, with the KitchenAid standing mixer costing £499.  READ MORE: The six royals Kate and William could count as neighbours in Windsor Marianne added: “Apart from our natural love to take a sneaky peek at how other people live and decorate their houses, we just love this couple and want to know everything about them. “The wonderful thing is that the relaxed vibe they show to the world seems to be the same as the one they live in private. “Colour helps to enhance and reflect the things we want and need from our homes and in gentle layered whites and creams we find classic elegance and a bit of much needed tranquility.” It is believed that the couple spent upwards of £1.5 million renovating Anmer Hall, with Kate taking charge of interiors.  DON'T MISS:Kate and William's new home to spark 'tension' with Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT]Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [OPINION]Royal fans rejoice over Kate Middleton in Westminster roundtable [PICTURES] Both Kate and William took royal engagements from there during the height of the lockdowns, with the family spending the majority of their time during the pandemic in their second home. Despite many assuming Kate took charge of the interiors, Marianne said their home “reflects both Will and Kate’s life and experiences.” She added: “The design and decoration is a story of home that is a work in progress.” It is also reported that Kate insisted on ensuring the kitchen was suitable for young children. Discussing the kitchen filmed in the recent Jubilee video, interior designer Benji Lewis told FEMAIL: “Whilst the overall feel of the kitchen is homely, it’s unfussy and unpretentious. It’s certainly not a kitchen in which one would feel required to stand on ceremony, there’s nothing flashy about it, on the contrary it’s very normal with its simple knobs (some unpainted event), some open shelving and a lick of pale blue paint against soft grey or tan walls.” 