Prince Harry and Meghan Markle returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Speaking to the Australian morning programme Sunrise, royal expert Russell Myers said: "It was very, very frosty inside the church. "You could cut the atmosphere with a knife. "The brothers didn't lock eyes or make eye contact at all. "Harry was craning his neck to look at William and William didn't look back at him. "I think there's still a lot of bad atmosphere going on and there needs to be a bit more water under the bridge until those brothers come back together." READ MORE: Britons slam 'disgraceful' Archbishop suggestion to forgive Andrew Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the duke and Charles who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. DON'T MISS Sweet moment as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle wave to little girls [VIDEO]Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan's plans for Lilibet's first birthday revealed [INSIGHT] Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding. Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall meanwhile greeted William and Kate by blowing them a kiss as they met at the West Entrance. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt reflected: "For the briefest of moments, Harry and Meghan were back being active Windsors. "The institution didn't crumble. The royals need them, but are unlikely to acknowledge what they've lost given the hurt felt by all sides."