Gabby Agbonlahor has told Liverpool that they need to move for two new midfielders after signing Benfica striker Darwin Nunez to compete with Manchester City, and claimed that Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham “would be perfect” for Jurgen Klopp’s side. As the Reds edge closer to a deal for Nunez as a possible replacement for Sadio Mane, Agbonlahor has warned Liverpool that they next need to strengthen in midfield if they want to be back competing on all fronts next season. “Nunez is a top player and will improve and get even better,” the former Aston Villa striker told talkSPORT. “But Liverpool need midfielders. Thiago has injury problems, [Jordan] Henderson his legs are going to start going a bit now he is into his thirties. They need, for me, another two midfielders. Even someone like Bellingham would fit in perfectly at Liverpool. “In defence they are fine, they have got enough cover, goalkeeper they have got enough cover. I feel like two central midfielders and Nunez and they will be back next season challenging Manchester City. “Thiago has injury problems, [Alex] Oxlade-Chamberlain hasn’t been playing much. You look at Manchester City’s midfield, I feel like Liverpool have to go out and get at least one midfielder.” Thiago missed 13 Premier League games last season, and has struggled with injury concerns in the past, but Liverpool did look their strongest last season when he was in midfield with Henderson and Fabinho. Naby Keita stepped in at times, while the Reds do also have Curtis Jones and Harvey Elliott coming through. James Milner signed a new one-year contract extension at Liverpool but Oxlade-Chamberlain made just nine league starts and could leave Anfield this summer. England international Bellingham left Birmingham City in 2020 when he was just 17 to move to Borussia Dortmund, where he has since become a regular in the team and has since been capped 14 times for England. He came on in the 1-1 Nations League draw with Germany, but threw up on the pitch in the closing stages of the game. He later tweeted: “Just a little rinse and spit for the cramp.” Liverpool may agree with Agbonlahor’s assessment as they were strongly linked with Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni, but the 22-year-old Frenchman looks close to sealing a move to Real Madrid. Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy has also been of the opinion that Liverpool need to strengthen their midfield, but he mentioned two other England internationals as he urged Klopp to move for Declan Rice or Kalvin Phillips. “I would be going all-out for Rice or Phillips,” Murphy admitted. “English, hungry, someone you know is going to be around a long time, gets it, he can come in and hit the ground running. That is where I would be looking.”