The Queen owns a variety of royal estates across the country, including Gatcombe Park. Based between the villages of Minchinhampton and Avening, Gatcombe Park is a country house, farm, and estate that first came into the Royal Family in 1976. The estate was purchased by the Queen as a gift for her daughter, Princess Anne. Anne raised her children, Zara and Peter, in the property and now lives there with her husband, Timothy Laurence. Her Majesty purchased Gatcombe Park from its previous owner, Lord Butler of Saffron Walden, Master of Trinity College, Cambridge, and a former Home Secretary, who had inherited the house from his father-in-law, art collector Samuel Courtauld. Although never officially disclosed, it has been estimated that the Queen paid between £500,000 and £750,000 for the 730-acre property. Now, the property is understood to be funded by Princess Anne and her husband Timothy. Anne moved into the estate in 1977 with her husband at the time, Mark Phillips. READ MORE: Are shops open on Jubilee bank holiday? Aldi, Tesco, IKEA and more After Anne and Mark divorced in 1992, the couple split the estate and lived there separately for a time. Anne married her second husband, Timothy, months after her divorce to Mark, and the pair have lived in Gatcombe Park since. In 2013, they were joined by Zara and her new husband at the time, Mike Tindall. Anne’s house at Gatcombe Park has a lake, stables, and huge grounds. But what is it like inside?  The Royal Family have posted rare photos of the inside of the house over the years, giving royal fans a glimpse of its interior design. Anne seems to be a fan of maximalism and vintage trends as rooms are filled with ornaments, patterned cushions, velvet, gold frames, and lots of photographs. Vintage stylist and interiors expert Kate Beavis said it appears that Anne has filled her home with objects that are important to her. She continued: “She’s known as the laidback royal, which absolutely comes across in the images. I think maximalism reflects her love for the many things she does and all her passions in life. “Maximalism isn't about tons of stuff it is about having stuff that holds meaning and not being afraid to just be expressive and that definitely reflects her as a person. “The images clearly show books that showcase her passions, and clashing prints that almost seem like a connection and reflection of her childhood growing up. “It seems like she is a collector of pieces that hold meaning to her as everything has its place. “Books within reach, cushions and display cabinets that just show things she connects too.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To add the maximalism trend into your own home, Kate advised: “To make homes more maximalist, it’s about adding in dimensions. Layering of textures and pieces that build up a story. “I think one thing often forgotten with maximalism is that it all connects and links through an element. “To really get a maximalist vibe isn't about just a load of stuff. It's about the things that mean something. “A statement piece clashed with colours and prints but they all tie into a story or theme.” As for the vintage feel of the house’s interior, Kate added: “Vintage will always have its time and it has absolutely grown and developed over the years. “I never feel vintage really comes and goes because if you love vintage then it is always present. “Anne definitely has pieces in there that look inherited or hold meaning and that is the key aspect with vintage. “I guess she could be seen as a trendsetter in some elements, but in an effortless way. People can absolutely find inspiration here.”