Trevor Sinclair has explained that Liverpool and their fans would take Raheem Sterling back this summer if he was to leave Manchester City, despite the England star leaving Anfield on a sour note in 2015. Sterling has just a year left on his City contract and could leave the club this summer, with Chelsea and Real Madrid among several Champions League clubs linked with the 27-year-old. Sterling gave an unsanctioned interview towards the end of his time at Liverpool where he confirmed that he turned down a new contract at Anfield. His manager at the time Brendan Rodgers was critical of Sterling’s agent before the winger left to join Manchester City for a fee of £49million. Sinclair believes that despite the nature of his exit seven years ago, Liverpool fans would welcome Sterling back at the club. He told talkSPORT: “I think they would have him, especially with what is going on, [Darwin] Nunez is going there it looks like. “Look at the situation with [Mohamed] Salah, the contract agreement has not been put in place, so with Raheem I think Liverpool fans would have him back. “They have seen what he has won at Manchester City and how he has conducted himself. Obviously not the greatest way to leave the football club and there was a lot of animosity between the football club’s fans and Raheem. “Whether Raheem would go back there, he might be a little bit scarred by the way he was treated when he left.” As Sterling’s Manchester City contract enters its final year, he has been linked with a move to Chelsea while the England man’s previous admission that he would be open to playing abroad has seen him linked with Real Madrid after Los Blancos’ failed attempt to sign Kylian Mbappe. Sinclair doesn’t believe he is valued high enough by Pep Guardiola and Manchester City. “I don’t think he is valued enough by Pep,” the former City winger claimed. “He has got something that you can’t coach and that is ridiculous pace. I think he has proved time and time again that his character is sound, he is a family man, a role model. “For me, he is a world-class player but for whatever reason Pep doesn’t hold him in that high regard where potentially he will let him go. “I would do everything I can to keep him but what we don’t know is, he hasn’t started re-negotiating a contract. Manchester City don’t want to let him go for free, so rather than seeing a Paul Pogba situation going on at Manchester United, City may have thought ‘We are not talking about a contract, maybe we will call it quits, let him go.’”