The UK's June record of 35.6C could be be smashed by sizzling temperatures in parts of southern and the east of England later on this week, defeating 1957 and 1976 highs. A plume of hot air from Spain could see the UK boiling in tropical weather with maximum temperatures as high as 35C by Friday, making the UK hotter than Jamaica, Portugal, Hawaii, Costa Rica, the Canary Islands and Cyprus.  Netweather said: "Operational forecast runs from the ECMWF [European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts] and GFS [Global Forecast System] are suggesting the potential for record-breaking temperatures of around 35-36C in the south-east. "For comparison, the UK record temperature for June is 35.6C, set in Southampton on 28 June 1976 during a famous hot spell. "However, some forecast runs have the hottest weather not quite making the British Isles, with the south-east just nudging the low 30s Celsius - which would still be hot by most standards, but not record-breaking.” But the the Met Office has forecast maximums of 32C in London on Friday. It comes as Britons bask in the hottest day of the year today, which marks the start of a heatwave. The Met Office and the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) have issued a level 2 heat-health alert for a large part of southern and central England, with a level 1 alert in place for northern England. Temperatures are expected to hit highs of 28C in parts of the South East today, which would make it the hottest day of the year so far, eclipsing the 27.5C set in mid-May at Heathrow. Parts of the UK will also be warmer than Greek Islands Santorini, Mykonos and Zakynthos - as well as Los Angeles and parts of Barbados.  READ MORE: Britons should use 'hot water bottle' during heatwave - 'effective' Greg Dewhurst, a Met Office forecaster, said: "The vast majority of England and Wales will see a lovely day on Wednesday, though slightly different in Northern Ireland and Scotland, which will see cloud and showers. "It will be very warm in the South East in particular, with the temperature hitting a high of 28C, which would make it the warmest day of the year so far. "This will then be surpassed on Thursday, with the mercury rising again to around 29C before reaching 33C and even 34C on Friday. "So it's going to be very warm as we move into the later part of the week."  DON'T MISS Danger alert issued as maps show dark RED heatwave poised to hit UK [MAPPED]BBC Weather: 'thundery downpours' to kill off 33C scorcher [VIDEO]How to safely cool down a hot dog - 4 gentle methods [ADVICE] Forecasters have said some parts of England may experience a heatwave later this week, though it is likely to be short-lived. On the four-level heat-health alert scale, which is designed to help healthcare workers manage through periods of extreme temperatures, level 1 is the lowest warning and is the minimum state of vigilance used during the summer months. Level 2, called alert and readiness, is triggered as soon there is a 60 percent risk that temperature thresholds will be reached in one or more regions on at least two consecutive days and the intervening night. A heatwave is defined as three consecutive days with daily maximum temperatures meeting or exceeding the heatwave temperature threshold.  The threshold varies in each county. Agostinho Sousa, head of extreme events and health protection at the UKHSA, said: "During periods of hot weather it is especially important to keep checking on those who are most vulnerable, such as older people and those with heart or lung conditions. "Make sure to look out for signs of heat exhaustion and follow our simple health advice to beat the heat." Charity Age UK is urging elderly people to take some simple precautions, particularly if they have breathing problems or a heart condition.  Caroline Abrahams, of the charity, said: "Older people can be at risk of dehydration and overheating when it gets hot, especially if they live somewhere that is hard to keep cool, so it's a good idea to let people know if you have any concerns about yourself, especially if you live alone. "For the rest of us, checking in on older relatives and neighbours is a nice idea - for example, you may have an extra fan you can lend, and the offer of an ice cream when it is sweltering will usually be appreciated too. "Taking simple steps to keep cool during the hottest parts of the day is a good idea."