Adam Pawsom, Head of Digital at Safestyle UK, the UK’s largest window retailer, has recommended that windows could be cleaned inside and outside several times a year. With the Bank Holiday just around the corner, homeowners may have an extra bit of time to complete the forgotten cleaning jobs around their homes, including windows. The expert shared top tips on how to keep your windows looking “brand new” and “streak-free”. He said: “Smears on windows can be very frustrating and ruin the appearance of your property but there are plenty of ways to ensure that they disappear. “Most importantly, make sure that you’re using microfibre or paper cloth to remove any dust before you begin.” This step is extremely important in making sure dirt doesn’t scratch the windows. READ MORE: Gardening: How to plant the best summer containers Adam continued: “I’d recommend using a spray consisting of one part distilled white vinegar to 10 parts warm water which can be applied directly to a cloth before being rubbed evenly against the glass. “For a bit of extra sparkle, sprinkle some baking soda onto the cloth before you add the solution and it will aid the cleaning process. “If you have stubborn streaks which don’t seem to disappear, try going over the area with clean water to help remove any of the remaining solution.” Baking soda acts as an abrasive that can help to remove any dirt, yet it is soft enough that it will not scratch your windows. DON'T MISS:‘Best order’ to renovate a home and increase your house price by £10k [EXPERT]‘Easy’ and ‘inexpensive’ methods to get rid of ‘pesky’ garden bugs [COMMENT]Interior design: ‘Key’ to a ‘cosy’ and ‘relaxing’ home [EXPLAINER] Baking soda, along with white vinegar, can create a great natural cleaner. What’s more, white vinegar can be purchased for as little as 26p. For uPVC window frames, the expert said marks and stains could come off with ease. To clean them, it was recommended to use some warm water and washing up liquid with a soft cloth to wipe down. Adam added: “Avoid using a coloured cloth as the dye can stain plastic. “Don’t get about the inside of your window frame. “It can be easy to ignore our inner window frames but they are easily susceptible to becoming clogged with dirt and debris. “To tackle these hard to reach areas, start by opening up the window and take an old toothbrush to loosen any dirt, dust and cobwebs which might be stuck in the frame. “Then, use the hove of your vacuum cleaner to get rid of any debris before wiping the area down with an antibacterial product.” Cleaning the outside of windows can be tiresome, but the expert said there is “no point” in cleaning the inside without cleaning the outside too. Adam explained: “This time of year brings many changes for our plants and trees, meaning that shrubbery and leaves can easily make their way to your windows. “There’s no point in cleaning the inside of your window if the outside is full of muck, so get outdoors and clean your windows of any leaves and petals to give them the perfect finish.”