In fact it shone so brightly on the balcony at Buckingham Palace that when the Queen stepped out onto it for the first time in three years she had to wear sunglasses to shield her eyes from its dazzle. I make no apology for devoting my entire column to Elizabeth R because she’s not just the only show in town – she’s the only show in the world, the entire universe, this weekend. And if I sound giddy, it’s because I am. Truly, I’m excited. Because what’s happening all over this country this weekend will never happen again in any of our lifetimes. And I want to be part of it. I want to remember raising a glass to her with friends. I want to remember her smiling on the Buckingham Palace balcony. I want to remember her inspecting her troops with as keen an eye as she ever did when they rode past the Palace. I don’t know if you feel the same but there’s something in my gut compelling me to forget everything else this weekend and just throw myself heart and soul into this celebration. Yes, I know Her Majesty won’t know that I’m drinking a toast to her when she’s sipping on her favourite Dubonnet and Gin. I know she’ll never feel my (personal) gratitude for what she’s done for this little nation of ours. She’ll never know that when I look at her now and see her increasing frailty it actually hurts my heart and I dare not think about what it all means. Which is why I’m going to give it my all this weekend – in her honour! I’m going to celebrate the here and now, the fact that she’s with us, that she’s still our Queen and she looks incredibly happy. And I know millions of you will be doing the same. I just hope that while she’s celebrating with her family, getting to know little Archie a bit better and meeting baby Lilibet for the first time, she feels the colossal waves of love and gratitude coming her way from every corner of this land. And I hope that when she looks back down the decades she realises the reason so many of us feel connected to her is that it seems we’ve been on this incredible journey with her. In the tiny mining village just outside Newcastle where I grew up we all charted her every move. Everyone was chest-puffingly proud of the young woman who took responsibility for this nation at a time when she should have been partying and having fun. My mum Patsy wasn’t one for ornaments but like every other house in our village we had a picture of the Queen on the sideboard. Other houses had mugs and cushions and plates bearing her face because, despite the fact we didn’t live in palaces like she did, despite the fact we inhabited a different world – we felt she was an intrinsic part of ours. And this week as I’ve looked back at the photos of her in her twenties, I realised I’d forgotten how drop-dead gorgeous she was. People always talk about Margaret being the great beauty of the family but back then it was Elizabeth who was breathtaking. Not only was she beautiful but there was a mischief and a fierce intelligence at the back of her twinkly blue eyes. And THAT’s why these celebrations are so important. They are another way to show her how “present” she has been – and still is – in all of our lives. Streets, communities, towns all across the UK will be coming together in her honour. The Husband and I will be celebrating with the people in our street, some of whom are friends and others we don’t know well. But the one thing we all have in common is Her Maj and a need to celebrate her reign. Few of us have ever known a life or a Britain without her. There has only ever been one Queen for us and the reason we’re all compelled to celebrate in the way we are is because we know she will be our last. Watching her walk out onto the Palace balcony this week actually moved me to tears. It was like: “Aah, there you are – back where you belong.” And it sure as hell moved the thousands who had packed into The Mall and who cheered uproariously when they saw Her Majesty emerge not once but twice in her beautiful lilac outfit. Did she look frail? Yes, a bit. Can you still see the steel behind her eyes – 100 percent YES! She inspected her gloriously colourful troops with a beady, interested eye, she laughed as she watched the incredible RAF flypast – including 15 Typhoon fighter jets which flew in the formation of the number 70 – and topped off by the Red Arrows emitting red, white and blue smoke as they flew over her head. She chatted to young Prince Louis who was fidgety because he couldn’t quite understand what all the fuss was about. At 96, Elizabeth R’s flesh might be a bit weak but her spirit burns as bright as it ever has. At the start of the pandemic – just before she had to isolate in Windsor Castle – she promised the British people: “We will meet again.” And this weekend we did. Having been with her in part or for all of this 70-year journey, we don’t want it to end. And these Jubilee celebrations, although they’re all about honouring and giving thanks, are also tinged with sadness – a nod to the fact that time is passing and Elizabeth’s place at the head and heart of the Royal Family might be nearing its end. And maybe she’s ready for that. Maybe she thinks she’s done enough and it’s time for Charles to take charge. But God, I feel sorry for him. He has to step into the shoes of an icon, a woman who for 70 years has been this nation’s stability, its rock. How can he ever compete with that? I’m sure Charles will be a good king but he’ll never win a place in the hearts and the minds of the British people in the way his mother has. No one who follows her will. It’s just a fact of life. Elizabeth has been so much more than just a figurehead for this country. She’s been the consummate diplomat. She’s enchanted presidents (and been enchanted by them – she was a little bit in love with Obama). She’s had “quiet words” with world leaders that have changed the course of history. She has calmed potential rebellions within the Common- wealth, and poured oil on simmering resentments in Ireland by starting the speech she made in Dublin Castle in 2011 in Gaelic. All this from a woman who, unlike other members of her family, has never publicly said what she thinks about anything. It was never just Elizabeth’s title or the crown that mattered to us. It was the woman upon whose head it’s sat these past 70 years. How lucky were we to have been gifted that beautiful young woman whose faltering voice when she took her oath said: “My whole life, whether it be long or short shall be devoted to your service.” And she has kept her promise – which is why we respect and adore her. Elizabeth is the very best of Britain and we will never see her like again. And yes, we know change is coming but let’s not think about what lies ahead. Let’s not think about a monarchy where she isn’t front and centre – it’s just too sad. For now let’s just celebrate our Queen, let’s thank God for her, hold her close and drink a million toasts this weekend to the woman who has given this little island of ours class and credibility in the eyes of a jealous world that has no one like her.