The latest HPI shows that annual house price growth “slightly slowed” to 11.2 percent in May down from 12.2 percent in April. After taking account of seasonal effects, prices are 0.9 percent. Commenting on the figures Robert Gardner, Nationwide’s Chief Economist, said: “May saw a slight slowing in the rate of annual house price growth to 11.2 percent, from 12.1 percent in April. Prices rose by 0.9 percent month-on-month, after taking account of seasonal effects – the tenth successive monthly increase, which kept annual price growth in double digits. “Despite growing headwinds from the squeeze on household budgets due to high inflation and a steady increase in borrowing costs, the housing market has retained a surprising amount of momentum. “Demand is being supported by strong labour market conditions, where the unemployment rate has fallen towards 50-year lows, and with the number of job vacancies at a record high. “At the same time, the stock of homes on the market has remained low, keeping upward pressure on house prices.” The expert noted that this is not the end of the housing market slowing down, due to the pressures of inflation. READ MORE: Property tips: ‘Potential issues’ to look out for on house viewings Housing affordability has also deteriorated in the last two years while the cost of homes outstrips income growth. Mr Gardner continued: “We continue to expect the housing market to slow as the year progresses. “Household finances are likely to remain under pressure with inflation set to reach double digits in the coming quarters if global energy prices remain high. “Measures of consumer confidence have already fallen towards record lows. “Moreover, the Bank of England is widely expected to raise interest rates further, which will also exert a cooling impact on the market if this feeds through to mortgage rates.” DON'T MISS: Toilet cleaning: How to remove yellow toilet seat stains [TIPS]Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle [INSIGHT]Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [EXPERT] The survey also unveiled that households are considering a move to a larger property in order to get more space. Over half of those are considering enhancing their property. Mr Gardner added: “Our recent housing market survey revealed that, as well as more people looking to move, over half of those surveyed (54 percent) are considering enhancing their home. “The most popular option for those looking to make improvements was to add or maximise space, with more than a third (37 percent) citing this as a motivating factor. “Interestingly, 29 percent of those surveyed wanted to improve energy efficiency or reduce the carbon footprint of their home. “This consideration has become increasingly relevant in light of surging energy costs, though decarbonising and adapting the housing stock is also important if the UK is to meet its 2050 emissions target.” The expert also explained that since 1952, an increasing number of people are owning their own homes. Robert said: “2022 marks the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and it is also 70 years since we produced our first house price data. “The housing market was very different back in 1952, with just 32 percent of households owning their own home, compared to 65 percent today. “The UK average house price in 1952 was £1,891 - which is around £62,000 in today’s money. “This means that current average house prices are 4.3 times higher than 1952 levels in real terms (adjusting for retail price inflation).” Industry experts have also said that 2022 continues to set new records, despite rising inflation rates. James Forrester, Managing Director of Barrows and Forrester, commented: “Despite rising inflation, the cost of living crisis and increasing interest rates, the UK property market remains defiant and it’s fair to say that the pandemic property market boom has now become the post-pandemic norm, with property values standing steadfast in the face of wider economic instability. “As a result, many homeowners are deciding to improve rather than move in order to boost the size of their homes to accommodate their lifestyle needs. “This is only going to limit the already inadequate level of housing stock available to buyers on the current market, which will ensure that, even with a reduction in buyer demand, house prices remain buoyant for the foreseeable future.”