Newly released TB2 footage has shown Ukraine's army attacking Russian militants located on Snake Island. During the sneak attack, Ukrainian troops used long-range weapons to accurately locate Russian bases on the Island. Footage shows Ukrainian troops bombarding the island with up to five missiles. The war in Ukraine is continuing to heat up, as the Russian invasion enters its fourth month and peace talks between both the neighbouring countries have been halted. The video shows a Ukrainian battalion's TB2 footage locating and zooming in on Russian locations on Snake Island. The long-range weapons begin to zoom in closer and start hitting Russian bases. You can see the explosions on the night cam clearly, as each location hit erupts into a ball of orange flames. Black smoke can be seen billowing up to the sky under each blaze of flames. At time of writing, no casualties have been announced by Russian officials.  JUST IN: Israel fury as EU chief attempts to meddle in Iran nuclear deal: 'Strategic mistake!' Users on social media have been reacting to the footage. One Twitter user @Nemisis20212 said: "Again and again and again... when will they pack up and leave?" @MindsEyeNFT said: "The Russian strategy appears to hold Snake Island until peace deal negotiations, this gives them an oversised bargaining chip as Ukraine/Nato will not want a Russians base here, an expensive strategy but could pay off if the island isn't retaken." @CoffeeAndPaul said: "It's a honey pot /bear trap. To the Russian's it's irresistible but at the same time, anything they put into the island gets stuck there. Eventually, they'll give it up but for now, they keep sending expensive sh*t there & it all gets blown up." READ MORE: Michael Jackson's horrifying physical reaction to his father's abuse     @MaDer_Levap said: "To today I don't understand why Russian's want Snake Island so much. I do not see any strategic importance. Russian's can threaten any ship without it." @MNLSLB said: "If the bombardments continue there will be no island at the end of the war." @Buckcdah1 said: "It's nice how they give them time to build it up, establish some sort of base, then pulverise it, so the orcs can start afresh. Which they do...." @SINCLAIRTAIT1 said: "Snake Island continues to be a big problem for Russia. Hopefully, this messes up Russia's plans to use the island as part of their air supremacy plan. Good work. #SlavaUkraini." DON’T MISS:Covid: The texture of phlegm may be 'at the heart' of 'severe' and ‘long’ Covid infections [INSIGHT]Calm down! US abortion decision is just democracy working - CHRISTOPHER SMITHERS [COMMENT]We must show no sign of weakness on Ukraine - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] NATO-aligned countries have been supplying Ukraine with weapons and training and it seems to be paying off according to the Ministry of Defence. The Ministry of Defence has been keeping up to date with Ukraine's successes. A new MoD report read: "Ukrainian forces have claimed their first successful use of Western-donated Harpoon anti-ship missiles to engage Russian maritime forces. "The target of the attack was almost certainly the Russian naval tug Spasatel Vasily Bekh, which was delivering weapons and personnel to Snake Island in the north-western Black Sea."  READ NEXT