Stefanos Tsitsipas feels he's in the best place possible coming into Wimbledon to mount a serious challenge for his first major title and upset Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal's dominance. Throughout Tsitsipas' junior career, the Greek tennis ace was tipped as a future Grand Slam champion. And he made an instant impact as a pro and had his breakthrough at the 2018 Canadian Open where he defeated four top 10 players, including Djokovic before losing to Nadal in the final. A serial winner on tour now and ranked as one of the best players in the men's game, Tsitsipas is now at a stage in his career where he's expected to challenge for big titles. But the majors have proven to be troublesome for Tsitsipas, particularly Wimbledon throughout his young career. He's never progressed past the fourth round and his last two championships prior to this year saw him knocked out in his opening match. What's changed this time around is that Tsitsipas has finally broken his duck in winning his first grasscourt title in the warm-up events for Wimbledon. While his opening match win over Alexander Ritschard was far from convincing, both Nadal and Djokovic also struggled in their first-round ties. JUST IN: Meghan turned to 'confidante' Serena Williams for advice on royal life  A number of top seeds are already out such as Casper Ruud, Felix Auger-Aliassime, Matteo Berrettini and Hubert Hurkacz. For Tsitsipas, it may be his best chance of having at least a deep run at Wimbledon and the 23-year-old feels his recent title in Mallorca puts him in good stead to mount a title challenge. "It made me kind of fall in love more with the surface," Tsitsipas said. "I like playing on grass. Having tournament wins on surfaces elevates you, puts you in a better mood, as well. "It is very good for your self-esteem, and that's how I have been feeling. It's important to feel that way, especially when you are competing at the highest level of tennis. DON'T MISS  "You know, winning titles can really boost your confidence and help you capture bigger titles later on in your career. You've got to start small. You don't go big straightaway unless, I don't know, unless we take girls as an example, they seem to be doing that straightaway. But on the men's side, it's kind of different. He added: "Grass court here is completely different. It's perfect. You never get misbounces, which sometimes can help and sometimes doesn't really help that much. "It's pure, clean tennis. I haven't had the privilege of starting Wimbledon with a title before the week before. That gives me a lot of confidence on having a strong start this year. Points or no points, I approach it, I try and approach it the same way. I'm playing for just the idea that Wimbledon has to offer."