Despite the heatwave, Queen Letizia opted for a long sleeve dress for her solo appearance. The royal was seen in Madrid, where the temperature today is 40 degrees, attending a skin cancer awareness event. Queen Letizia decided to rewear her Maje green dress with floral print. The midi dress featured long sleeves, a V-neck and an asymmetric skirt. Although the dress is currently sold out, its original price was 225 euros (£192). Royal fans believe this is one of Queen Letizia's favourite dresses as she has been seen wearing it on several occasions. READ MORE: Best way to store bananas - perfectly yellow and edible for 15 days The Spanish monarch first wore the design in July 2019 during a visit to Oviedo, in the north of Spain. She was also seen in Mallorca in 2020 and in 2021 donning the stylish dress. Queen Letizia accessorised the look with nude pumps from Carolina Herrera. A purple clutch finished the royal's outfit.  The clutch bag, by designer Felipe Varela, has been hidden in her wardrobe for more than 10 years. For today's occasion, Queen Letizia decided to rescue the vintage piece which complemented her outfit perfectly. For jewellery, the monarch donned a pair of emerald and ruby drop earrings and her favourite gold ring from Karen Hallam. Last week, the Spanish Queen stepped out in a gorgeous floral blouse and £219 pumps. She met with the new Board of Directors of the Ibero-American Alliance of Rare or Infrequent Diseases wearing a stylish floral blouse and white trousers. Letizia paired the look with Magrit Dalila Pumps in white which currently retail for £219. Earlier this month, she was seen with her husband King Felipe VI to mark Spain's National Armed Forces Day. Queen Letizia donned a beautiful blue polka dot dress. The summery gown was by Spanish designer & Me Unlimited. Queen Letizia combined the look with a pair of Carolina Herrera black suede pumps. The mother-of-two accessorised with a matching clutch, also from Carolina Herrera. Instagram user @asplendidspace commented: "Her style is so elegant."