Andy Murray's run to the final of the Stuttgart Open hasn't convinced fans that he's about to excel at Wimbledon this year. Murray, 35, looked revitalised in Germany earlier this month, recording a notable quarter-final win over top seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in the quarter-final. He backed that up by beating Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to make the final. He missed out on the grass-court title though when he was beaten in the final by Matteo Berrettini 6-4 5-7 6-3. To make matters worse, he was plagued throughout by an abdominal injury, which forced the three-time Grand Slam champion to withdraw from Queen's last week. Murray is still expected to take his place in the main draw at Wimbledon, with the tournament getting underway next Monday, June 27. The Scot has famously won twice at SW19, beating Novak Djokovic in the final in 2013 before sealing a second title against Milos Raonic three years later. He made the quarter-final a year later, but has not been beyond the third round at Wimbledon since. Indeed, his 2017 effort represented the last time he made it into the second week of any Grand Slam tournament, having endured an injury-ridden few years and twice undergone hip surgery. JUST IN: Serena Williams cancels Eastbourne practise session and yet to hit with partner Ons Jabeur And a recent Express Sport poll showed the British public have little in the way of expectations for him this time around. Readers were first asked 'Can Andy Murray win Wimbledon?', which drew 3795 responses. A huge 86.5% said no, leaving just 13.5% backing a dream victory. More specifically, readers were also asked to specify how far they think the world No 1 will go in his 'home' Slam. A round three exit was the most popular choice, with 28.6% opting for that choice, while 20.3% think he'll be gone in round two. DON'T MISS:Wimbledon powerless as Russian player changes nationality to avoid banDaniil Medvedev's coach storms out mid-match after Russian yells at him during final lossWorld No 3 Ons Jabeur claims football the reason she's so good on grass ahead of Wimbledon Just behind that, 20.1% backed a last 16 place, while 14.7% were clearly hopeful of a quarter-final. And 7.1% displayed the height of optimism by backing Murray to make the final. At the other end of the scale, 6.2% can't see him getting past the opening round. Last in the poll was a semi-final berth, with just 3.1% envisaging a final four exit.