Following relentless backlash, the House of Commons passed a motion to investigate Prime Minister Boris Johnson for having potentially misled parliament over partygate allegations. If the PM is found to have done so, it could very well mean the end of Mr Johnson’s stint as PM. His fate currently lies in the hands of the Commons Privilege Committee, but who are they? Following the conclusion of the Metropolitan Police investigation into the illegal Downing Street parties held during lockdown, the Commons Privilege Committee launched the investigation on April 21, into whether the Prime Minister broke the ministerial code. After repeatedly denying any Covid lockdown rules were broken while having officially broken the law, ministers called for an investigation into whether Mr Johnson misled parliament - a breach of said code. If he’s found to have done so, the Committee could ask the PM to resign. Steve Baker, the Conservative MP who organised the campaign that ousted former PM Theresa May and critic of Mr Johnson who also called for his resignation, described the PM’s position as “intolerable” if he is found to have lied to parliament.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson’s tumultuous love life and numerous children laid bare  Mr Baker said: “If he were not to resign in those circumstances, it may prove necessary to take action to remove him. It is one thing to make an inadvertent error, but intolerable to deliberately mislead.” What is the Commons Privilege Committee? The Committee of Privileges is a special Government body that looks into allegations of contempt committed by MPs. Misleading the Commons falls under this category and while the Committee has conducted a number of investigations in the past, the sitting prime minister has never before been put forward to it for scrutiny.  The current MPs in the cross-party group comprise: Andy Carter, Yvonne Fovargue, Allan Dorrans, Alberto Costa, and Laura Farris have remained more impartial on the partygate investigations so far, whereas Harriet Harman and Sir Bernard Jenkin have been slightly more vocal with their feelings towards the scandal. DON'T MISS: NATO Summit LIVE: 'Direct threat' Stoltenberg drops bombshell strategy [REPORT] Sturgeon's blueprint to break up Britain reveals biggest DANGER [ANALYSIS]Where are Boris Johnson and Keir Starmer today? [INSIGHT]     Although Sir Bernard has not publicly criticised Mr Johnson over the parties, he did voice the “impression this has given to the public is extremely unfortunate”. In tweets published in April 2022, Ms Harman said: “If u get Covid regs FPN u can either admit guilt or go to ct to challenge it. “If PM and CX admit guilt, accepting that police right that they breached regs, then they are also admitting that they misled the House of Commons. Or are they going to challenge?” Ms Harman is due to be appointed head of the investigation, despite heavy Tory criticisms that such an ‘overly political’ figure will lead such a career-defining probe on the PM.  Once the committee has concluded its investigation, it will decide whether it believes the Prime Minister deliberately misled parliament, which would therefore mean Mr Johnson has committed contempt. If he’s found to have done so, the privilege committee will recommend a sanction for Mr Johnson to face - including suspension or expulsion. After reporting its findings to the House of Commons, MPs will then get a chance to vote on the conclusion, as well as any recommended sanctions. The investigation is currently underway - but no timetable has been confirmed as of yet. 