Obi-Wan Kenobi is the latest spin-off to come from the Star Wars franchise. With the likes of actors Ewan McGregor and Hayden Christensen returning to reprise their memorable roles, it's no wonder subscribers have been loving the sci-fi mini-series. Episode three of the Disney+ show saw the unforgettable Darth Vader make an appearance for the first time, much to the delight of the show's fanbase.   WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Obi-Wan Kenobi. Obi-Wan Kenobi is set 10 years after the events of the Star Wars film Revenge of the Sith. As lifelong fans will know all too well, it is in this particular film that Obi-Wan Kenobi and Darth Vader have their fight on Mustafar. The two have not seen one another in a decade but in episode three of the Disney+ series, Darth Vader finally confronts his former master. After trying to get the young Leia Skywalker (Vivien Lyra Blair) back home to her parents after running off, Vader and Kenobi cross paths and battle it out once more. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Chas Dingle in heartbreaking baby adoption twist   In the original Star Wars films A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi, Darth Vader was voiced by actor James Earl Jones. He has reprised this role in different Star Wars projects over the years, including 2016's Rogue One and the animated series Rebels. Darth Vader wouldn't be the same without the legendary voice of the 91-year-old behind the mask. So Jones returned once again as Darth Vader in episode three of Obi-Wan Kenobi.    Disney+ had not previously revealed Jones' involvement in the sci-fi series so this came as a surprise to subscribers. Jones' other most famous voiceover roles aside from the Star Wars franchise was in Disney's The Lion King. He is the voice behind Mufasa, Simba's father and inspiration who was tragically killed at the beginning of the movie. Some of Jones' other onscreen parts have been in Field of Dreams, Patriot Games, Dr Strangelove and The Great White Hope just to name a few. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow to become Toyah's next victim [THEORY]Who is Quinlan Vos in Obi-Wan Kenobi? Real reason Obi-Wan smiled [EXPLAINER]Who is Tala in Kenobi? [CAST]   Jones wasn't the only familiar voice in the latest episode of Obi-Wan Kenobi either. Fans may have recognised the tone of actor Zach Braff who portrayed the voice of Freck, an Empire devotee and transport driver. He attempts to get Leia and Obi-Wan in trouble by outing them as Jedi sympathizers to a pack of stormtroopers. Braff is best known for playing JD in the NBC/ABC comedy series Scrubs which won him a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series nomination in 2005.    The spin-off Obi-Wan Kenobi is made up of just six episodes on Disney+. Episode four will be released on the streaming service on Wednesday, June 8, which means there are just two more episodes left to go. As of yet, there has been no talk of the drama returning for a second season. Obi-Wan Kenobi is available to watch on Disney+.   