Currently it is almost impossible to book a driving test in the UK: any attempt to do so by a learner driver will result in their being told there are none in any areas available, for several months. But in addition to the delays, several changes have been made to the practical test which could result in fewer people passing. According to the DVSA, the changes are in order to prepare new drivers for a ‘lifetime of safe driving’ and include basic car maintenance. These new rules could be enforced within the next few months. The changes won’t just affect students, as driving instructors will also be targeted under the new proposals. Previously, two basic car knowledge questions were asked before driving started. READ MORE: Petrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make Previously, two basic car knowledge questions were asked before driving started. Now it will just be one, with a second while on the road in the test. Those could be something like “how do you wash the windscreen” or “how do you turn on the heaters?” In addition to this, the period of time for independent driving is increasing to 20 minutes, double the current time. DON'T MISS Almost half of elderly drivers failed to look prior to crash [REVEAL] Cheapest places to buy petrol and diesel [ADVICE] Best hybrid car to go for if drivers want to save on fuel [INSIGHT]  The test will still include one reversing manoeuvre, however the exact type of manoeuvre might change. The driver will either have to park in a bay and reverse out, or reverse into a bay and then drive out. Alternatively, they could be asked to parallel park at the side of the road. The current reversing manoeuvres are turning in the road, parallel parking or reversing around a corner and these could be replaced with more life-like scenarios. New drivers will also have to follow a series of directions from either a sat nav provided by the instructor or from road signs. It has been suggested however that under this new change one in five tests will not feature a sat nav. In the current test, drivers must follow directions from road signs or verbal directions, however such is the proliferation of sat navs it is felt they are now an integral part of driving. Additionally, In an attempt to stop under-prepared drivers from taking their tests too early, the DVSA could extend the amount of time you’ll have to wait before rebooking a driving test after failing one from 10 to 28 days. Currently eyesight checks are made before a driver takes their test. These tests are undertaken in good daylight and require learners to read a registration plate on a parked vehicle up to 20 metres away. The DVSA wants to be able to do the eyesight checks in any level of light - not just good daylight and to be able to use more methods of checking people’s eyesight when they take the driving test. They state: “This would mean we could provide driving tests at more times, and we would have more flexibility to test eyesight if there are not many parked vehicles nearby.”