After four consecutive days of events celebrating Queen Elizabeth II, the four-day bank holiday weekend ends today. But the country isn't done, as street parties continue under an energetic air in London. People able to make it to the city's jam-packed centre can enjoy the last large-scale event of the weekend, the Jubilee Pageant. The Jubilee Pageant is a planned, roughly two-mile carnival procession of 10,000 through London's centre. A top-billed cast of participants includes figures such as Ed Sheeran, Alan Titchmarsh, Dame Shirley Bassey, Jeremy Irons and more. They will star in four acts titled For Queen and Country, the Time of Our Lives, Let's Celebrate, and Happy and Glorious. READ MORE: Piers Morgan urges public not to be 'misled' by the Queen's appearance These commence from 2.30pm on Sunday and celebrate changes in the UK over the last 70 years. The main subjects of the performances include British culture, history, and the Queen herself. Roads will close across London's city centre to facilitate the pageant this afternoon. Organisers have a set route that carries participants from Whitehall to Buckingham Palace. Jubilee Pageant organisers have revealed the procession will follow a path through central London. They will first gather at a staging area in Whitehall and move north towards Charing Cross station. From Admiralty Arch, people will move west towards Buckingham Palace down the Mall. The procession will continue to move towards Queen Victoria Memorial before settling at Buckingham Palace. The pageant ends with a performance from Ed Sheehan, who plans to pay tribute to the Queen and her late husband, Prince Philip. Organisers have set up the route to allow as many people to watch as possible. Some 15 screens around Westminster and Hyde Park will display the procession at key points. Those who can't make it in person but still wish to watch can do so at home. Coverage of today's event will start from select channels and platforms from 1pm. BBC One will show the parade live on television, while BBC iPlayer has the broadcast online. People will need a television license to watch via both modes.