Kitchens are one of the most used rooms of the house, often heralded as the “hub of the home”, so your kitchen can quickly look tired and become in need of a quick refresh. But that doesn’t mean you need to break the bank to do so, as these budget kitchen ideas prove. There’s plenty you can do with a little imagination and a range of clever kitchen ideas to choose from, meaning you can transform your scheme with simple, practical and stylish hacks that will save you fitting a new kitchen. This proved to be the case with Sophie Hill, a 27 year old woman based in Wirral who completely transformed her kitchen for less than £200 in total. Documenting her journey on her Instagram page @sophiesgaff, the woman spoke exclusively to My Local Toolbox to share exactly how she did it. Sophie describes her interior style as "eclectic boho" and expressed that she "loves using natural materials and lots of houseplants”. The DIY enthusiast is also a fan of bagging a bargain at charity shops. READ MORE: ‘Easy and extremely affordable’ way to upgrade your kitchen She said: “I absolutely love hunting around charity shops for stuff, whether that’s furniture or home decor accessories. “It’s absolutely crazy what some people give away." Sophie always knew she wanted to update the kitchen on a budget as soon as she moved into her home in December, saying she got a lot of inspiration from Instagram. In total the kitchen makeover came in at under £200. This included the costs of vinyl for the worktops, kitchen cabinet paint, stick on tiles for the wall, a new blind and sealant. DON'T MISS: ‘The easiest and cheapest’ way to kill weeds without using chemicals [EXPERT]‘Very low maintenance’ flowers to plant for your summer garden [TIPS]I tried Bar Keepers Friend stain remover to brighten my tile grout [INSIGHT] When it comes to transforming something on a budget her biggest piece of advice is for DIYers to do their research. Sophie said: “Research the cheapest product but look at reviews. "We couldn’t afford to tile a backsplash so we used stick-on tiles from Home Bargains that were £3.99 a pack. “They had really good reviews and we managed to ‘tile’ the kitchen for about £40. “We used extra adhesive to stick them down and they haven’t budged." With Sophie’s love of upcycling and bargain shopping she did a fair bit of this for her kitchen. To stick to her budget the bargain expert created her own shelving units using cabinet doors. The DIY pro said: "I wanted to have open plan shelves in the kitchen but couldn’t find any that I liked that were within budget. “Instead I took the doors off the cabinets, painted the insides and backed them with leftover wallpaper. “It's a great way to give something a totally different look using what you already have. "All of the decor pieces in the kitchen are from charity shops or car boot sales. “You can find lovely pieces for less than half the price. “The little curtain I made to hide the washing machine was £1.99 from the charity shop."