Visit England’s Awards for Excellence found the best pubs in England for 2022. The prestigious award celebrates pubs for their food and atmosphere. The Cotley Inn in the village of Wambrook in Somerset was rated as England’s best pub by Visit England. READ MORE: Deep vein thrombosis on planes: The drinks that can increase risk  The team said: “At the foot of the Blackdown Hills is The Cotley Inn, which prides itself on its genuinely local produce. “Fruit, vegetables, herbs and edible flowers are picked just a few steps away in the kitchen garden, and meat and game are sourced directly from The Cotley Estate. “Book in for a long lunch or gourmet dinner with fabulous views of the Somerset countryside. “Well-behaved dogs and muddy boots are always welcome, too.” One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Literally stumbled across this lovely place having set out on a five mile walk, made many wrong turns and doubled the distance. “With two miles to go the mirage of the Cotley Inn turned out to be reality - never been so grateful and the warm welcome given by all we met made our day.” Another wrote: “I am seldom surprised and delighted by eating in restaurants these days, but The Cotley Inn is just amazing. “Well to be fair they were delightful and said they would squeeze us in. From the welcome drink on the terrace to the most superb starter and main course it was just brilliant, but the gelato ice cream knocked me for six!” The Acorn Inn in Tenbury Wells in Worcestershire took the silver award in the Visit England rankings. The team said: “Mentioned in Thomas Hardy’s Tess of the d’Urbervilles as ‘The Sow & Acorn’, this 16th-century coaching inn is nothing short of charming. “As well as its huge whisky and gin collection, the rural village pub houses an award-winning restaurant, cosy bar, 10 bedrooms, skittle alley and beer garden in the heart of the Dorset countryside.“ A reviewer said: “A wee gem of an Inn, located in a very leafy village. Food is outstanding and the rooms very comfortable.” In bronze position, The Devonshire Arms in Pilsley is another fantastic stop for a pub lunch. Visit England said: “Just a stroll away from the splendour of Chatsworth House, The Devonshire Arms at Pilsley (owned by the Duke & Duchess of Devonshire) is a village inn with charm by the pint. “There’s a wealth of ales, including the renowned Chatsworth Gold, stylish rooms and a restaurant that sources the very best local ingredients, including meat from the Chatsworth Estate and the onsite kitchen garden.” A Tripadvisor review said: “This is a beautiful country pub in the centre of a beautiful village. Our room was very clean, well furnished and airy.”