Manchester United are set to battle out with rivals Manchester City for the signature of Pep Guardiola favourite Matheus Nunes. The Primeira Liga outfit are willing to offload the midfielder for €50million (£43m) for the exchange of a player on loan. According to Portuguese outlet Correio Da Manha, following the departures of Jesse Lingard and Paul Pogba, United have turned their attention to the 23-year-old who the club believe has a “big margin to progress.” The Citizens are reportedly leading the race to acquire Nunes given their “good relationship” with Sporting, after the latest transfer negotiation of Pedro Porro. The ex-City winger had been on loan at the Lisbon side since 2020, after failing to make an appearance for Guardiola’s first team upon his move from Girona in 2019. But the publication also points out that Sporting have a good relationship with the Red Devils following previous transfer negotiations between the two parties including Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes. JUST IN: Bayern Munich icon sheds light on Lewandowski and Gnabry situation Nunes has been linked with a move to the Etihad since City’s Champions League meeting with Ruben Amorim’s side back in February. The Spanish boss publicly hailed the midfielder as “one of the best players in the world today.” However, due to the ongoing Nations League, the report states that a formal proposal is likely to be presented after the international break as Nunes is currently away with the Portugal national team. The 22-year-old made the move to the Lions in 2019 after a brief spell at Estoril. Despite currently holding a €60m (£51m) release clause, the club are willing to negotiate for a lower fee of €50million (£43m) aforementioned in the exchange for a player on loan. DON'T MISSRB Leipzig star Nkunku 'flattered' by Chelsea and Man Utd linksLiverpool target Aurelien Tchouameni relaxed on futureMan Utd dealt Frenkie de Jong blow as ace 'prefers three rival clubs'    The Brazilian born has cemented his place in the squad, and gone on to become a key member for Amorim, making 50 appearances this season, the most since his move to Alvalade. Speaking on the interest from other clubs on Nunes, Amorim said: “I know that there were proposals [back in January] for him. It’s a good sign and our Champions League appearance has increased that interest.   