Amber Heard issued a statement after Johnny Depp has won his defamation lawsuit against her. The Aquaman actress expressed her “disappointment” as she slammed the unanimous verdict from the jury. Amber said she was “heartbroken” and claimed the jury’s decision “sets back the clock” for women’s rights. “The disappointment I feel today is beyond words. I'm heartbroken that the mountain of evidence still was not enough to stand up to the disproportionate power, influence, and sway of my ex-husband," she said in a statement. “I’m even more disappointed with what this verdict means for other women. It is a setback. “It sets back the clock to a time when a woman who spoke up and spoke out could be publicly shamed and humiliated. “It sets back the idea that violence against women is to be taken seriously.” Amber continued: “I believe Johnny’s attorneys succeeded in getting the jury to overlook the key issue of Freedom of Speech and ignore evidence that was so conclusive that we won in the UK. “I’m sad I lost this case. But I am sadder still that I seem to have lost a right I thought I had as an American – to speak freely and openly.” Following a six-week trial, the court reached a verdict that said Amber was responsible for losing Johnny millions of dollars in earnings with an op-ed she wrote. The 2018 article in the Washington post, saw Amber claim to have become a figure representing domestic abuse, after filing a restraining order against the Pirates of The Caribbean star. In the verdict, Johnny has been awarded $10million in compensation, and $5million in punitive damages, after the jury deliberated for three days. Amber, who will have a chance to appeal the verdict, won $2million back after winning one of her claims in the countersuit. In a statement seen by the New York Post following the verdict, Johnny said he feels “at peace” and “truly humbled”. DON'T MISS...Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikini [PHOTOS]Tom Hanks' feud with Ricky Gervais laid bare: 'He's on his high horse' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker's father-in-law unimpressed at Champions League final [LATEST] Johnny said: “Six years ago, my life, the life of my children, the lives of those closest to me, and also, the lives of the people who for many, many years have supported and believed in me were forever changed. All in the blink of an eye. False, very serious and criminal allegations were levied at me via the media, which triggered an endless barrage of hateful content, although no charges were ever brought against me. “It had already traveled around the world twice within a nanosecond and it had a seismic impact on my life and my career. And six years later, the jury gave me my life back. I am truly humbled.” The Hollywood star added: “My decision to pursue this case, knowing very well the height of the legal hurdles that I would be facing and the inevitable, worldwide spectacle into my life, was only made after considerable thought. “From the very beginning, the goal of bringing this case was to reveal the truth, regardless of the outcome. Speaking the truth was something that I owed to my children and to all those who have remained steadfast in their support of me. "I feel at peace knowing I have finally accomplished that. I am, and have been, overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and the colossal support and kindness from around the world. "I hope that my quest to have the truth be told will have helped others, men or women, who have found themselves in my situation, and that those supporting them never give up. I also hope that the position will now return to innocent until proven guilty, both within the courts and in the media. “I wish to acknowledge the noble work of the Judge, the jurors, the court staff and the Sheriffs who have sacrificed their own time to get to this point, and to my diligent and unwavering legal team who did an extraordinary job in helping me to share the truth. “The best is yet to come and a new chapter has finally begun. Veritas numquam perit. Truth never perishes."