Russian President Putin's health has been the subject of speculation in recent years, and increasingly in the last few weeks. Some have claimed he suffers with back problems, while others claim he has cancer. The Russian President is extremely secretive about all aspects of his life but, this week, a former FSB official claimed Putin “has no more than two to three years to stay alive”, adding the Russian president has “a severe form of rapidly progressing cancer”. An FSB spy told the Sunday Mirror: “We are told he is suffering from headaches and when he appears on TV he needs pieces of paper with everything written in huge letters to read what he’s going to say. “They are so big each page can only hold a couple of sentences. His eyesight is seriously worsening.” He added that Putin’s limbs are “now also shaking uncontrollably”. Footage from earlier this year appeared to show his hand shaking, while he also appeared to grip a table for support during a meeting broadcast in April. Others have suggested Putin may have cancer because he has a puffy face. Speaking to the BBC Radio 4 podcast titled 'Putin', former BBC Moscow Correspondent Sarah Rainsford discussed the claims. She said in April: "There's been endless speculation over whether he [Putin] might have cancer. "His extreme isolation during Covid only added to those rumours...he is often seen with a puffy face which some say is due to his attempts to make himself look youthful. "Others suggest it is the side effect of something like cancer. Certainly there has been speculation that he has been treated for something that serious. "It has obviously been denied by the Kremlin, but certainly there was an interesting report recently by independent media known as Proekt who suggested Putin always travels with a large retinue of doctors. "They pointed out that one of them was an oncologist and an expert in thyroid problems, and they were suggesting that this is perhaps the route of his problems. READ MORE: American public ready to abandon Ukraine as trust in Biden plummet "These are rumours, they have never been confirmed, but certainly this independent media outlet, a very good one, has pinned down the number of doctors that travel with Putin and linked that to absences during his long rule." Independent media outlet Proekt reported in April that Putin travels with an oncologist. The outlet claimed that Putin has become increasingly concerned with his own health in recent years. Proekt alleged that Putin makes regular trips to the resort city of Sochi in the company of doctors from Moscow’s Central Clinical Hospital. They even claimed the Russian leader attempted to boost his health by bathing in deer antlers. DON'T MISS Putin puppets claims war to end when 'stake driven through Zelensky' [INSIGHT] They're agonising about this' Biden to withhold long-range missiles [ANALYSIS] City's brave fighters inflict 'devastating' losses on Russians [INSIGHT] Reports have previously claimed that among Putin's medical entourage is an oncologist surgeon. The surgeon was reported to have flown to the Russian President 35 times and spent a total of 166 days in his presence between 2016 and 2020 The only two doctors reported to have spent more time in Mr Putin’s company are two otolaryngologists – ear, nose and throat specialists – who Proekt notes are typically the first to diagnose thyroid diseases and cancers.