Now that summer is approaching many EV drivers will be heading out on extended trips to see friends and family or on a well-earned holiday. EV subscription company elmo has put together their top tips for EV road trips this summer and to get the maximum range from the car battery.   Keep your EV plugged inAlthough the car is switched off, there are still electrical processes happening. One of these is the cooling of the battery, which can cause the battery to drain. To make sure you are waking up in the morning to a full battery, it’s best to keep your EV plugged in. Your EV won’t overcharge as it is limited by the battery management system, but what it will do is make sure the electrical processes can run without draining the battery.  READ MORE: The UK is nowhere near ready for electric vehicles Avoid Rapid Chargers (if possible)If you’re in a rush or in the middle of a road trip and you want to get to your destination, then by all means use a rapid charger. The suggestion is for those who have the time to charge at night, or can charge while they are at work. In these cases, use a 7kW charger. Rapid Chargers cause the battery to heat up, which in turn causes the cooling system to kick in, depleting the range in your EV. EV PreconditioningPreconditioning allows the owner to cool or heat the cabin of your EV remotely. It can also maximize your battery range. Preconditioning, when you’re plugged in, won’t drain the battery and it will make sure your battery is cooled or heated to the optimum temperature before you set off. Another benefit in the summer is that preconditioning your cabin will help maximize your range, as you won’t have to blast the aircon on full once you get in the car and start driving. Choose your Parking Spots CarefullyThere is considerable benefit to finding a parking spot in some shade. As mentioned earlier, your battery doesn’t like overheating, and the cooling processes in the car sap the energy. By parking in the shade, you can mitigate the amount of energy lost. EV Driving Tips There are plenty of ways to maximize your range while driving. The ‘eco mode’ setting will attempt to maximise the running efficiency of the car by reducing the power you are able to give it. Linked to this is the use of the accelerator and brakes. Like petrol and diesel cars, the more aggressively you accelerate and brake the more energy is required, reducing the overall range of the car. By driving mindfully, you will be able to extend your mileage. This is especially useful with electric cars as many have regenerative braking. This feature stores energy from firm but gradual braking but not from aggressive use.