Red Bull have suspended junior driver Juri Vips pending an investigation into an incident in which the 21-year-old allegedly used a racial slur while gaming. A video emerged of Vips using an offensive phrase while streaming on gaming platform Twitch alongside fellow Red Bull junior Liam Lawson. Red Bull have now announced an investigation into the incident and have suspended the Estonian. However, his position within Formula 2 is apparently unclear. A statement read: “Red Bull racing has suspended junior driver Juri Vips from all team duties with immediate effect, pending a full investigation into the incident. “As an organisation we condemn abuse of any kind and have a zero-tolerance policy to racist language or behaviour within our organisation." JUST IN: Toto Wolff and Christian Horner may clash again in FIA meeting Vips has offered an apology and insists he will fully cooperate with Red Bull’s investigation. In an Instagram post, he said: “I wish to unreservedly apologise for the offensive language used during a live gaming stream earlier today. “This language is entirely unacceptable and does not portray the values and principles that I hold. I deeply regret my actions and this is not the example I wish to set. I will cooperate with the investigation fully." DON'T MISS...Helmut Marko slams Mercedes over FIA directive with ‘simple solution'Hamilton makes Mercedes plea as Brit concerned ahead of British GPHorner takes aim at Mercedes after Hamilton secures podium in Canada Vips is a member of Red Bull’s junior team and competes in Formula 2. He also holds the position of reserve driver for the Formula One team. At May’s Spanish Grand Prix, Vips tested the RB18 as part of new regulations that insist on the presence of young drivers during two practice sessions. He was due to race at Silverstone next weekend. Vips has recorded two race wins since starting his Formula 2 career and is seventh in this season’s leaderboard. He has won a race in 2022. At last weekend's race in Baku, Vips was unable to build on a positive qualifying session and retired after just four laps.