Pensioners in England receive the free older person's bus pass when they reach the state pension age of 66-years-old but that's reduced to 60-years-old in Wales and Scotland. It's worth noting there are some areas in England offering local travel earlier too. It’s not just pensioners who could benefit from free travel, in some parts of the country children and families also qualify. Ten groups of people could be eligible for a free bus pass depending on where they live in the UK, yet, not everyone is making the most of this benefit. It comes as Kent Council announced families and children could travel for free on local buses this summer. The county’s young people and families with children can enjoy this summer holiday with free bus travel between July 23 and August 31 2022 when they apply for a Reconnect pass from the local council, which could benefit more than 150,000 families. Meanwhile, 10 groups of Britons qualify for a free bus pass but not everyone is making the most of it. READ MORE: Thousands of Britons missing out on £2,200 in forgotten bank account Those who qualify for a free bus pass include: DON'T MISS:Huge support for state pension increase — ‘Lagging behind!’ [UPDATE]Pensioners entitled to extra £370 a month - who is eligible? [INSIGHT]Fake bank accounts and pension schemes warning as scams soar [WARNING]Thousands of Britons are paying too much for a TV licence - are you? [ALERT]   If people think they may apply for a free bus pass, they should get in touch with their local council. If they are on a low income they may also qualify for help towards energy bills and help towards housing costs. Claiming Government benefits may also lead to a reduction in council tax and in some cases a free TV licence. To find out if someone could claim financial help from the DWP, there’s a handy benefits calculator on Gov.uk. READ MORE: Benefits and freebies you can claim as a carer Pensioners are the most likely to be losing out on financial help according to Age UK. Some 850,000 are missing out on Pension Credit which could add more than £3,000 a year to their finances. Some 850,000 are missing out on Pension Credit which could add more than £3,000 a year to their finances. Pension Credit is available to people who have reached state pension age if they earn £177 a week or less. Typically, it can also mean they receive help with housing costs and a free TV licence if they are also over 75-years-old. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What other freebies can I get if I qualify for Pension Credit?