Modern Warfare 2 is one of the most eagerly anticipated games of the year, with the next Call of Duty months away from launching. Modern Warfare 2 has a release date of October 28, but gamers will get a chance to try it out before then thanks to the scheduled beta tests. Activision Blizzard haven't confirmed when the Modern Warfare 2 beta release date will be - just revealing PS4 and PS5 gamers will get access first - but a recent leak could have revealed when the beta will be taking place. On the product listing for Modern Warfare 2 Amazon recently claimed that the Modern Warfare 2 beta will launch on August 15. A message on the Amazon website said: "Pre-order Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 for any platform by August 15 2022 to unlock access to the Call of Duty Modern Warfare Open Beta. Must be shipped and sold by Amazon. Codes will be sent on August 15." If the Modern Warfare 2 beta kicks off in August it will be earlier than usual, with betas for the next Call of Duty game typically taking place around September time. The Modern Warfare 2 beta will be rolled out in stages, but if you want to play it before anyone else you'll need a PlayStation console. Early access to the Modern Warfare 2 open beta will be available to those that pre-ordered on PS4 and PS5 first. The PlayStation beta for Modern Warfare 2 will launch five days before the test launches on other platforms. Next will be those that pre-ordered Modern Warfare 2 on Xbox or PCs, and then after that the Modern Warfare 2 open beta will fully open up to all players. If you're thinking of pre-ordering Modern Warfare 2 on consoles you have two options. You can choose the cross-gen bundle which costs £69.99, or the Vault Edition which is priced at £99.99. The cross-gen bundle, as the name suggests, offers access to either the PS4 and PS5 versions or the Xbox One and Xbox Series X | S versions plus early open beta access. With the Vault Edition you'll get extra DLC including the Ghost Legacy Pack, a Battle Pass and 50 Tier Skips. While on PC you can either get a Standard or Vault Edition of Modern Warfare 2, priced at £59.99 and £84.99 respectively. If you're a PC gamer Modern Warfare 2 is available once again on BattleNet, and also has made a comeback to Valve's Steam service.