Just 24 hours ago, it seemed as though Manchester United were destined to sign Frenkie de Jong. However, reports in Spain claim the 25-year-old is refusing to leave Barcelona and, rather than reunite with Erik ten Hag, would love to stay at the Nou Camp. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at four alternatives the Red Devils could try and sign instead. United were linked with Youri Tielemans during his time in Anderlecht, only for the midfielder to end up moving to Leicester instead. He’s been a huge hit during his time at the King Power Stadium, with his goal propelling the Foxes to FA Cup final glory last year. Tielemans has just a year left on his Leicester contract and, at present, all signs point to him departing in 12 months’ time. United could, therefore, try and land the Belgium international for a discounted price. They may need to act quickly, however, with Arsenal, Liverpool and Chelsea all linked with the 25-year-old in recent weeks amid the uncertainty over his long-term future. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez United have long admired Ruben Neves. The Wolves star has been a huge hit at Molineux ever since his arrival from Porto back in the summer transfer window of 2017, when Bruno Lage’s side were in the Championship. United won’t pay anywhere near the £100million Wolves want for their prized asset. But the Red Devils could still try, regardless, and see whether they can haggle with their fellow Premier League rivals. Any deal won’t be easy, especially with Barcelona admirers of Neves as well, yet United may have to pay over the odds if they end up missing out on De Jong this summer. Things have gone quiet when it comes to Declan Rice’s future, with the West Ham star currently enjoying some well-deserved time off. Yet United are longstanding admirers and, if they fail to land De Jong, could be tempted to make a play for the England international. Rice has been consistent for club and country for some time, now, helping England reach the final of the European Championships last summer and playing a key role as West Ham qualified for next season’s UEFA Conference League. The Hammers star is reluctant to pen a new deal over at the London Stadium. And that will give United encouragement should they decide to turn their attentions to landing the 23-year—old. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Jose Mourinho wanted to sign Sergej Milinkovic-Savic from Lazio back in the summer transfer window of 2018, having grown fed up of Paul Pogba’s antics. With Pogba proceeding to stay at Old Trafford that year, however, the Red Devils ended up missing out. Fast-forward to now, and Milinkovic-Savic has established himself as one of the most consistent performers in Italian football during his spell in Rome. The 27-year-old could leave for the Premier League should the Serie A giants receive a suitable offer. And United, with their vast financial wealth, would be able to afford Lazio’s big £70million asking price should their efforts to land De Jong ultimately fail. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here One person who may be happy if United fail to land De Jong is Teddy Sheringham, who recently urged his old club against signing the Barcelona star. “He hasn't played in the Premier League and has been playing for Barcelona, who are expected to pretty much beat nearly every other team,” he said. “Many of Barca’s domestic opponents roll over for them throughout the season. That doesn’t happen in the Premier League - every game is a battle.” And he added: “The pace and quality of the league could be a shock to the system for ten Hag and a player like de Jong. “United could have a season of absolute chaos again next year.”