Mid-May’s Scorpio Blood Moon brought a transformation of perspective and a force to let go of the past to pave way for the future. The Gemini New Moon came to help lay the foundation for new changes. Now, to help embrace the change comes the Sagittarius Supermoon, stirring a sense of optimism, opportunity, and adventure. Express.co.uk spoke to Moon Mentor and author of 'Lunar Living: Working with the Magic of the Moon Cycle and Crystals for Self-Care', Kirsty Gallagher (@kirsty_gallagher_ on Instagram), to find out what’s in store for Tuesday's Sagittarius Full Moon. The Full Moon, termed the Strawberry Supermoon, will take place on June 14 at 12.51pm, 12 hours before the lunar perigee. Appearing bigger and brighter than usual due to the Moon’s closer orbit to earth, this Supermoon will not only be a particular spectacle for onlookers, but it also conveniently exhibits everything the Moon has to offer in this transit. Kirsty said: “This Full Moon is coming in strong to shine a big, illuminating, bright light on your life, helping you to now see things clearly and see the bigger picture. “Especially as this Full Moon falls a week before the summer solstice, the doorway into the second half of the year.” READ MORE: ‘Delightful sight’ - How you can watch rare planetary alignment   “The Full Moon is here to illuminate your way forward, helping you to wrap up the first half of the year, tie up loose ends and decide who you want to be and what you want to create in the second half.” A transiting Sagittarius Moon is known to astrologers as an explorer’s Moon, providing prompts to undertake new journeys - literal, philosophical or imaginative. As a fire sign, Sagittarius ignites the Moon with bold, intrepid energy, stirring an insatiable desire within those affected to “go get”. Kirsty said: “Under this freedom-seeking Full Moon, you’ll be able to see where you limit yourself and keep yourself stuck and small.  “You’ll feel literally claustrophobic in the parts of your life that don’t allow you your full expression, potential and personal freedom.” “It’s time to choose what to put your faith and trust in. It’s time to have faith and trust in yourself, in your intuition, in your life journey, in what gives your life meaning, and in the universe.” This Full Moon can help you figure out how to build on what you’ve learned this half of the year, and what you need to do to move forward. Kirsty said: “You must believe what you want is possible for you, that all you desire is out there waiting for you - you will only ever create in your life what you believe you are worthy of receiving. DON'T MISS: Space breakthrough as massive radio signal detected in distant galaxy [INSIGHT]Spider season - 5 natural ways to deter spiders from your home [EXPLAINED]How to live longer: The vitamin shown to reduce risk of mortality [ANALYSIS]    “The adventurer and truth seeker of the zodiac wants you to help you to see the bigger picture, expand your mind into new possibilities and fill your life with exploration, adventure, wisdom, growth, learning, knowledge, and study. “This Full Moon wants you to experience it all and to see life as one huge adventure.” Kirsty continued: “Expand into your greatest potential, trust in and follow your intuition, make life choices that feel right and empower you, and experience the world and life in a whole new way.”  Kirsty advised to use this Moon to leave behind anything you don’t want to take into the second half of the year, so you can “adventure into summer and grab opportunities as they come along”. “Open yourself up to all that’s possible for you when you trust yourself and life, and begin to live life as though you’re on purpose. “This is just the beginning of a whole new part of your life adventure, follow with faith where it’s taking you…” 