The Last Kingdom returned to Netflix with its final season earlier this year and it was a bittersweet moment for fans. Alexander Dreymon announced he would be reprising his role as Uhtred in a follow-up film called Seven Kings Must Die. Fans are keen to find out more about the Uhtred star, including his nationality. Alexander Dreymon came into the spotlight back in 2015 as he took on the lead role in The Last Kingdom. The series has grown in popularity over the years, holding its position in the Netflix top 10 for some time after the season five release. Fans were thrilled to hear the star would be returning to finish Uhtred's story in the 2023 film, Seven Kings Must Die. Before the actor became Uhtred, he starred in the TV film Christopher and His Kind and the series American Horror Story: Coven. The well-travelled actor currently resides in Los Angeles, but where is he originally from? READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon admits he wasn't 'devastated' The actor was born Alexander Doetsch in Germany, in February 1983. The German star, 39, grew up in the US, France and Switzerland. When his acting career first kicked off, he spent time living in South Dakota, having studied in London. He appeared on stage in London and Paris, with his first TV role being in France. As he has travelled across the globe, the actor is fluent in German, English, and French. The German actor attended Stuttgart Comic Con back in 2020, where he answered fans' questions in German. Dreymon has been spending a lot of his time in Budapest filming for Seven Kings Must Die. He opened up about why he chose to settle in Los Angeles. Speaking to Flaunt, he said: "I don’t feel like an allegiance from one particular place. "I do live in LA and I have for the past [few] years. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon on leaving Uhtred behind [INTERVIEW] What is The Last Kingdom star Eliza Butterworth's next role? [INSIGHT] What was Alexander Dreymon's toughest scene in The Last Kingdom? [INTERVIEW] "I’ve moved around so much and LA. is the place I see myself living. "There’s an openness of people and willingness.” Dreymon will continue to be known and loved as the protagonist Uhtred of Bebbanburg for many years to come. The star discussed what he loved most about playing Uhtred for the five seasons of The Last Kingdom. He said: "Obviously, I love the action aspect to it. I love the fight choreography, the horseback riding. "But Uhtred is also a character who has immense vulnerability and I love the moments where that is allowed to pierce through the armour. "Those are the moments that I love the most. "They’re also a big challenge, in terms of how to portray that truthfully in the skin of a character who would have lived during that time and who can only allow himself to show so much of that. "He has to be very selective with the people around him. Who he can allow himself to be that person with. "But I think that gives the character a beautiful balance."  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now. Filming has finished on the follow-up movie, Seven Kings Must Die.