Amazon is offering book lovers a number of ways to discover a new book to get swept up in entirely for free. As Express.co.uk reported recently, in the run-up to Prime Day 2022 Amazon is offering Prime subscribers a way to get three months' worth of Kindle Unlimited for free. But this deal - which offers a saving of almost £24 - isn't the only offer tailor-made for book lovers as three months worth of the Audible audiobook service is also being given away for free by Amazon right now. Once again, this deal is being offered by Amazon in the run-up to Prime Day 2022 and will give book lovers a saving of £23.97. That's the same saving you can get right now on Kindle Unlimited with both services usually costing £7.99 a month. Each month Audible subscribers get a credit that lets them download and keep any audiobook forever. Popular audiobooks available on Audible at the moment include the Harry Potter books narrated by Stephen Fry, Terry Pratchett's Small Gods and Agatha Christie's Nemesis narrated by Silent Witness actress Emilia Fox. If that wasn't enough, Audible subscribers get unlimited access to a library of tens of thousands of Audible Originals, podcasts and audiobooks. You will also get exclusive Audible member discounts to help you save money on a wide range of audiobooks you're after. If this sounds like something you're interested in you can sign up for the Audible three-month trial entirely for free today. This deal is only available to Amazon Prime subscribers and is limited to one per customer. You won't be able to sign up for the Audible free deal if you're already a subscriber or if you've taken advantage of a free Audible trial since July 28 2021. Anyone that signs up will also automatically have auto-renew turned on for their Audible subscription, so if you don't want to continue using it after your free trial is over just make sure you cancel it before then. Audible audiobooks can be listened to on a variety of devices, including your Android or iOS smartphone or tablet, via the Kindle ereaders or Fire tablets as well as through an Amazon Echo smart speaker. Like other deals, Amazon is running right now, this Audible three months free offer is only available for a limited time with this deal running out on July 14. So if you want to get three months Audible access for free right make sure you sign-up to the trial before then. Besides this Audible deal, Amazon is running other money-saving deals in the lead-up to Prime Day which takes place on July 12 and 13. Amazon is also giving away three months of Kindle Unlimited for free to Prime subscribers, which offers a saving of £23.97. This service offers access to more than a million ebooks as well as access to magazine subscriptions and ebooks with Audible narration. Amazon is also giving away free access to its Music Unlimited service which offers access to a library of over 90million songs. You can get three months' worth of access to the Spotify rival for free if you're not with Amazon Prime or four months access for free if you are.