The Duchess of Cambridge was seen helping her children Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis, as they baked cakes to give to communities in Cardiff celebrating the Platinum Jubilee over the weekend. The family seemed to be baking in their kitchen at Kensington Palace. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared photos of Kate and the children on social media. In them, royal fans were able to get a few glimpses of the family’s kitchen. It was decorated with Union Jack flags and featured white cupboards and drawers. The chairs by the kitchen table were also white, while the table itself had a wooden top. READ MORE: 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision The kitchen’s walls were a beige-sand colour, and the working tops were black. In the background, it was also possible to see the Cambridges’ high-quality cooker: a £4,200 Falcon Deluxe 1092 Dual Fuel. This boasts six gas hobs and an electric oven space. Describing the cooker, the brand’s website said: “For serious cooks looking for a straightforward, solid, simple and reliable range cooker there is nothing quite like a Falcon, and this 1092 Deluxe model has become something of a classic. DON'T MISS: How to kill greenfly - act now before your plants see 'weak growth' [EXPLAINED]How to make your plants ‘thrive’ using ‘common household products’ [INSIGHT]Weeding tips: ‘Fast and effective way’ to kill ‘stubborn’ weeds [ANALYSIS] “Built to appeal to those aspiring to a more professional standard a Falcon range...it does away with the more domestic features like a timer/programmer or windowed doors, giving a more robust and focused user experience.” The Cambridges also have a KitchenAid standing mixer in white. This costs a whopping £499, but it is again of the highest quality. Other objects in the kitchen were a white tea towel draped over the oven door, and a bouquet of blue hydrangeas. In the pictures, Kate was wearing a pink and white gingham blouse and a pair of blue jeans. The blouse is called the Brora gingham ruffled Chelsea collar shirt, and is on sale for £129 from John Lewis. The jeans were the Duchess’ favourite & Other Stories light blue pair. These retail for just £75. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The Cambridges have given fans insights into their Kensington Palace home in the past. Their apartment there is huge and has been described by royal author Ingrid Seward as “enormous” and “like a piece of countryside in London”. Apartment 1A has 20 rooms, including five reception rooms, three master bedrooms – including two main floor master suites and his-and-hers dressing rooms, as well as two separate nurseries – one for daytime play and one for sleep. In terms of how the royal children’s bedrooms are decorated, Kate admitted the family chose IKEA furniture. In 2018 Kate told IKEA’s Head of Design, Marcus Engman, that she had chosen to dec out Prince George’s room with IKEA furniture, and it was later revealed Princess Charlotte’s room had the same treatment. The kitchen, which is the heart of the home, was renovated to Kate and William’s tastes. It reportedly cost a whopping £170,000 to refurbish.