Manchester United are expected to try and sign Tyrell Malacia after they conclude a transfer deal for Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is hoping the club’s hierarchy can back him this summer. But no new faces have arrived just yet, despite the Red Devils’ determination to bounce back from a horrendous campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Manchester United have been working on a deal for De Jong for weeks, with the 25-year-old very much Ten Hag’s priority target. The 52-year-old previously managed the midfielder at Ajax, with the duo helping the Eredivisie outfit reach the semi-finals of the Champions League three weeks ago. Ten Hag wants United to solely focus on De Jong for now, believing the Netherlands international will be a vital part of his Old Trafford project. And the Daily Mail say that ‘it is expected’ the Red Devils will pursue a deal for Malacia once De Jong is signed. For now, United are taking transfers one at a time. But, if Malacia joins, then it’s possible he’ll go into the team at left-back. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer United have Luke Shaw, Alex Telles and Brandon Williams as current options for that position. Shaw has been at the club ever since 2014, when he turned down Chelsea in order to move from Southampton when Louis van Gaal was manager. He was particularly impressive under Solskjaer, establishing himself as a regular for club and country under the 49-year-old. But Shaw, like many other players at United, regressed last term as the club slumped to sixth in the Premier League table - having been runners-up to Manchester City the previous year. Big things were expected of Telles when he moved from Porto back in the summer transfer window of 2020. However, the Brazil international has often struggled for consistency and has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford this summer. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links Regarding Williams, Ten Hag is likely to take a look at the full-back when he starts coaching players. The youngster did well enough at Norwich City last term but may struggle to get into the United team, meaning a parting of the ways could be on the cards. As well as Malacia and De Jong, United are also being linked with a variety of other players now the summer transfer window is open. At centre-back, Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber have emerged as targets amid their impressive performances for Villarreal and Ajax respectively. As well as De Jong, the Red Devils have been put forward as potential suitors for the likes of Ruben Neves, Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And, up top, Antony and Christopher Nkunku are under consideration after doing well at Ajax and RB Leipzig in recent years. Regarding United’s recruitment, John O’Shea said at the start of the month that his old team must improve in that regard. “Everyone knows it’s going to be a huge challenge,” he said. “You need results too. It’s going to be a case of what players he can get in. That will ultimately be the key. “He looks like he has got that hunger and appetite to really compete at the top from his first press conference, which I thought was quite impressive.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, when quizzed on Paul Pogba, he added: “I played with Paul a long time ago and obviously he was super talented back then. “I am sure he is hoping that he finds that consistent level of performance that he wasn’t able to find at different stages of the season. “Unfortunately, he had a few injuries and couldn’t get back to that level. “I think it’s gotten to the point where a fresh start for everyone is probably the best scenario.” United usually spend around £150million in summer transfer windows of years gone by.