Andy Murray has eased into the second round of the Stuttgart Open with a 6-4, 6-3 victory over Christopher O'Connell on Tuesday. The Brit bounced back from his disappointment in Surbiton ahead of Wimbledon beginning on June 27. Things did not start well for the former world number one, who was broken in his opening service game after being up 30-0, and soon found himself 3-0 down. But the Brit knuckled down and quickly re-established the break of serve before holding to love and levelled proceedings at 3-3. After squandering several break points, Murray eventually prevailed in a topsy-turvy seventh game, during which the Australian served a double fault, to forge ahead 4-3 with a superb cross-court backhand winner, before a comfortable hold of serve saw him one game away from taking the first set. After O’Connell held seve, Murray rallied from 0-30 down to clinch the first set in 54 minutes. The former British number one began the second set in a more positive manner than the first, holding serve and began to apply pressure on the O’Connell serve with the score at 1-1. JUST IN: Andy Murray staggered by Rafael Nadal record and raises Carlos Alcaraz question   The 34-year-old's relentlessness finally paid off as he broke the O’Connell serve for the third time in the match, before easing through his next service game to lead 3-1. Despite the deficit, O’Connell continued to stay in touch and found himself trailing 3-4. Murray dug deep to save a break point and served his seventh ace of the contest before going on to secure a vital hold of serve for a 5-3 lead, and put the onus on the world number 116 to stay in the match. But the 28-year-old's resistance was broken as Murray broke in the ninth game of the second set to seal the victory in one hour and 35 minutes. DON'T MISSTexas school shootings brought back horror of Dunblane, says Andy MurrayEmma Raducanu shares Andy Murray Wimbledon dream ahead of return to home tournamentsAndy Murray launches passionate Wimbledon defence as boycott fears loom   The Brit rebounded from his shock loss to Denis Kudla in the semi-finals of the Surbiton Trophy last week, where he was just two sets away from victory. Ahead of his ongoing campaign in Stuttgart which will be followed by Queen’s Club, the Brit insists he is not setting lofty targets in the next couple of weeks. “I just want to keep improving week on week and match on match. That’s all you can do really,” Murray added. “You can’t control the results, you can’t predict how the results are going to go but hopefully I can make improvements each round.” 