Millions of Sky users have just received an upgrade that brings over 8,000 hours of new Hollywood movies and exclusive TV shows without paying a penny more. The boost is all thanks to the launch of Paramount+, which has joined forces with Sky TV to bring the streaming service to Sky Cinema subscribers at no extra cost. Unfortunately, NOW (formerly NOW TV) viewers with the Sky Cinema membership will not enjoy the same upgrade ...so they will have to take advantage of the Paramount Plus free trial like everyone else to watch free. Until now, Paramount+ has only been available in the US but that's all changing with this Netflix rival now arriving in the UK. It usually costs £6.99 per month but that's not the case for some Sky TV users. Starting today (Wednesday June 22), anybody who subscribes to Sky Cinema will find they get Paramount+ for free – that means they avoid paying that monthly fee. It's a pretty big saving and there are plenty of things to watch as well with Paramount+ featuring movies like Scream 5, Mission Impossible: Fallout, Grease and Star Trek. There are also exclusive shows such HALO, 1883, Star Trek: Strange New Worlds and Jerry & Marge Go Large, plus plenty of family-friendly entertainment including Kamp Koral: SpongeBob’s Under Years and iCarly. Paramount+ has also confirmed that users will be some of the first to get access to the new Top Gun: Maverick film which will be streamed to TVs at no extra cost. "The UK and Ireland are key strategic markets in the global rollout of Paramount+ given the broad distribution of our brands across the free-to-air and Pay TV landscape, said Tom Ryan, President & CEO Streaming at Paramount. "Our partnership with Sky gives us a strong foothold here and in several other markets where we plan to launch Paramount+ this year. Our differentiated strategy means we are poised to keep bringing the most compelling stories to audiences around the world.” If you don't have Sky then don't panic as Paramount+ is also available on devices such Samsung TVs, Amazon's Fire TV and Roku players. As we mentioned earlier, a standard subscription costs £6.99 per month with customers also able to sign up for a year's access for £69.90 – saving around £14.