Frenkie de Jong has been told to quit Barcelona this summer to make a sensational switch to Manchester United. Two Catalan wonderkids have been denoted as the reason for what would be an audacious transfer from the Red Devils. Former Tottenham star Rafael van der Vaart has told his countryman De Jong to make the switch to United this summer. The Barcelona star has been courted by the Red Devils and is one of Erik ten Hag's top targets in the transfer window. While on the face of it, that would be an audacious move - the fact that Barca need to start selling some top players to balance their books means that an exit is viable. De Jong, as one of their high-value stars has been mentioned as one of the departures while Xavi has already got a number of midfielders to count on. Along with the impending arrival of Franck Kessie on a free transfer, Barcelona are also blessed with two top European talents in the form of Pedri and Gavi. Many are already comparing them to Andres Iniesta and Xavi as a midfield combination - a duo that led the Blaugrana to unprecedented success. And Van der Vaart believes that the pairing makes De Jong's decision to leave an easy one as at United he would be the only player in midfield with the necessary technical ability needed. However, at the Nou Camp, he is surrounded by like-minded midfielders that can do his job as well. Speaking after the Netherlands' dramatic 2-1 win over Wales, he said: "I will explain to you why Frenkie is so good at the National Team, because he's the only midfielder with these type of qualities here and he does what he wants. At Barca there is Pedri, Gavi, Busquets and so on. All of a sudden he starts adjusting again. "At Manchester United it will be just like at the national team, being the only one with his type of qualities. I would move to Manchester United if I was him, just do it!" While many might reckon that United's move for De Jong might be audacious at best, Ten Hag knows the player well from his time at Ajax. The midfielder was a key part of the side that made the Champions League semi-finals in 2019, along with fellow breakout stars Matthijs de Ligt and Hakim Ziyech, who joined Juventus and Chelsea respectively soon after. The new United boss wants to bring in top-class reinforcements after some huge changes to the squad already. Midfield is an area that requires immediate surgery after a number of departures. Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic will depart this month when their contracts expire while the likes of Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard will also do the same. It leaves Fred and Scott McTominay as the only options in midfield, two players that have been frequently criticised during the last season or two. As well as a midfielder, a striker is also being eyed but the Red Devils look like they have missed out on one of their top targets in Darwin Nunez. The Benfica star has agreed verbal terms with Liverpool, who are negotiating a price with the Primeira Liga club.