Ajax have told Manchester United to pick one of Antony or Lisandro Martinez and informed the Red Devils they cannot have both transfer targets unless they propose an offer that is too good to refuse, according to reports. The Eredivisie champions will remain firm in their stance that Erik ten Hag cannot rip apart their squad as part of his transfer plans. Ten Hag enjoyed plenty of success at Ajax and that ultimately won him the Old Trafford job. The Dutchman has a major task on his hands rebuilding the fallen English giants. The 52-year-old had therefore turned to what he already knows, and targeted several of his former Ajax stars. Defender Lisandro Martinez, who is also wanted by Arsenal, and winger Antony are reportedly two players wanted by Ten Hag. United had also enquired about Jurrien Timber but the Holland international was concerned by how much game time he would receive ahead of the World Cup. The Red Devils could struggle to prise away any of Ajax’s players, though, in a strong stance taken by the Dutch outfit. JUST IN: Man Utd issued Christian Eriksen warning ahead of summer move Ajax do not want Ten Hag’s United plans to shatter the excellent foundations he built during his near-five years in Amsterdam, according to the Mirror. Only one of Martinez or Antony will be allowed to move to Manchester unless the United hierarchy make an offer for both players that Ajax simply cannot refuse. The 36-times Dutch champions are not desperate for money. They have received more than £350m for the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Matthijs de Ligt, Hakim Ziyech and Donny van de Beek. Ryan Gravenberch has joined Bayern Munich in a £16.6m deal, while former West Ham striker Sebastien Haller is about to tie up a £30m switch to Borussia Dortmund. DON'T MISS...Neville accused of using Man Utd Glazer dividend comments for own gainMan Utd risk upsetting Erik ten Hag over timeframe for two transfersMan United outline Anthony Martial stance as Ten Hag faces re-think It will therefore take premium fees to prise away any of Ajax’s top players. United’s Premier League rivals Arsenal have also been linked with the 24-year-old centre-back Martinez as Mikel Arteta plots a rejig of his defensive options. What could work in Ten Hag’s favour is that he still shares an excellent relationship with key figures at Ajax. CEO Edwin van der Saar also holds counterparts at Old Trafford in high regard following his spell as United’s No.1 goalkeeper under Sir Alex Ferguson. Ten Hag will hope to acquire at least one of his former Ajax players, although could get another in midfielder De Jong. The 25-year-old joined Barcelona in 2019 but has been strongly suggested as a possible signing by United, although could cost as much as £70m.