Writer for the Independent Femi Oluwole caused a storm of angry responses after suggesting the Royal Family should say they would pay for the Jubilee themselves, and then donate the money that would have been spent on the Jubilee to councils in the UK. While thousands have taken to the streets to celebrate the monarch’s 70th year on the throne, many others have been left with a bitter taste in their mouths by the amount being spent on it while struggling families are having to choose between eating or heating their homes. Mr Oluwole said: “Can you imagine if the Royal Family said ‘Because people are literally starving right now, we're going to pay for the Platinum Jubilee out of our own private fortunes and give all the cash that would have been spent on us, to the poorest councils in the UK’? “What a wild gesture!" Many furious Royal fans highlighted the money that would be brought in to the economy by the Jubilee events, as well as arguing that the Queen’s “wonderful service” to the UK deserves the celebration. One said: “I don’t think you quite get it do you? We are all celebrating Her Majesty’s 70 years of wonderful service to our country. “At the same time the Platinum Jubilee is bringing in millions of pounds to the British Economy - small businesses, pubs, restaurants etc. Wake up!” Another added: “Why should they ? Our history and monarchy brings in millions to this country. “Why should we say ok let’s pay the people that can’t get off their asses and work and give it to them! You seriously have no idea about this country do you?” Some were more supportive however, with one stating: “Exactly, I’m not against folks celebrating but it’s the £££ being spent on it. “Tax payers money, my money, I want it used to close food banks and help those struggling with rising costs. It’s simple.” Mr Oluwole later responded to the critics, adding: “Aahh and here come the rabid royalists... “They're arguing that the jubilee doesn't actually cost that much... “As if that's not another argument for why the Queen SHOULD do the above.” READ MORE: Queen unveils new portrait as monarch shares Platinum Jubilee message [REVEAL] The Department of Digital, Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) submitted evidence to the DCMS select committee inquiry on major cultural and sporting events in May 2021, saying: “The government recognises the importance and value of hosting major events and is investing almost £1 billion in staging celebratory events to mark Her Majesty The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games and Festival UK 2022 (the Festival) next year.” This has led many to think that £1billion is being spent on the Platinum Jubilee, but a further breakdown of the costs by the DCMS explained that £28million would be going towards the Jubilee - a figure later confirmed by RIshi Sunak’s 2021 Budget, in which he earmarked £28million for the celebration. The final costs will not be possible to establish until after the event has taken place. The DCMS also provided a breakdown of the economic impacts of the Jubilee weekend. It said its best estimate was a fall in GDP of £2.39billion. This figure takes into account the loss of economic output from the extra bank holiday, as well as the output that will likely be gained from areas such as hospitality and tourism. DON'T MISS: Row explodes over Union Jack for Platinum Jubilee [REVEAL]Queen bumps Palace staff salary 5% amid crippling cost of living [ANALYSIS] 'Difficult waters ahead' Tory MP in Brexit hot potato to Johnson [INSIGHT] This hit to the economy comes during soaring inflation causing serious damage to household budgets across the country. A study by the Yorkshire Building Society recently found that 61 percent of children aged 11-18 are worried about their parents or guardians not having enough money to survive. Meanwhile, teaching unions have written to the chancellor and education secretary asking for free school meals to be provided to all children from families receiving Universal Credit in England, saying they are already seeing the impacts of such families being unable to afford to feed their children. According to Which?, 57 percent of households have had to make adjustments to cover the cost of essentials in the past month, while around two million households have missed a housing, bill, credit card or loan payment in the same time. Meanwhile, it was announced that the Queen would not attend a service at St Paul's Cathedral tomorrow, as she had suffered discomfort following her balcony appearance at Trooping the Colour.