 Kirsty Young is leading much of the coverage of Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee weekend, which commenced on Thursday, June 2. Kirsty is one of the most recognisable presenters and voices in the UK, having been active on television since the early Nineties. Today, she will play a prominent role in presenting the BBC’s live coverage of the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen at St Paul’s Cathedral. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  From the BBC’s Platinum Jubilee studio at St James’ Park, Kirsty will be joined by special guests who have spent time with the Queen and will reflect on how important the monarch’s faith has been throughout her reign. This is not the first time Kirsty has been trusted with royal coverage, the presenter having covered Prince Harry’s wedding to Meghan Markle in May 2018. However, in order to leave the coverage, Kirsty had to turn down an invitation to the Royal Wedding. Charlotte Griffiths, editor at large at the Daily Mail, claimed that Kirsty’s “dedication to her career” was the reason for her decision to decline.  Writing for the publication, Ms Griffiths wrote: “It must have been hard for Kirsty Young to decide to turn down an invitation to the Royal Wedding and anchor the BBC’s coverage instead, but I hear her dedication to her career is about to pay spectacular dividends.” A source told her: “‘Kirsty was invited to the wedding but after thinking about it she decided to present coverage instead to prove she puts work first. “She is focusing on her career and getting herself in front of the camera. “Her strategy worked well because at Windsor, next to floundering Dermot O’Leary, she looked so calm, poised and natural.  “She never gets nervous – she’s made to be the BBC’s face of serious newscasting. Now is her time – expect to see a lot more of her on TV.” Sadly, the Royal Wedding was one of Kirsty’s final appearances before she stepped back from her presenting role. In 2018, the former Desert Island Discs presenter announced that she would be stepping down “for a number of months” to receive treatment  for a form of fibromyalgia. Fibromyalgia is a condition that causes pain all over the body — those who suffer from the chronic illness have widespread musculoskeletal pain accompanied by fatigue, sleep, memory and mood issues. She was also diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis that year.  Kirsty will now make her return to our screens to join thousands of people in honouring Queen Elizabeth II’s historic reign. It is the first time the star has worked since taking a break in 2018 after dealing with ‘severe and relentless’ pain due to her rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia. The presenter admitted that she did not know if she would work again. Kirsty said her step away from her busy lifestyle led to "a complete reframing of life.” She told The Times on Saturday: "I’d always worked, it was central to all the things I did. “My ambition totally deserted me. I started to read novels, I spent loads more time with my kids, loads more conversations, time around the kitchen table, in a beautiful garden. “I reconnected with the world.” But when the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to host the BBC’s coverage of the Platinum Jubilee came up — Kirsty decided to take it.  She said: “It’s a unique moment. We’ll never see it again, certainly in our lifetimes and maybe never, so I couldn’t resist.” Watch ‘The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee: A Service of Thanksgiving’ at 9.15am on BBC One.