Boxing promoter Eddie Hearn has claimed that Mayweather Promotions have sent him a letter warning him to stop talking about one of the firm's star fighters - Gervonta Davis. The American, Floyd Mayweather's prodigy, is one of the hottest boxers in the world right now and the 42-year-old has been keen to sign him to Matchroom Boxing. But Mayweather Promotions, established by the American boxing legend, have allegedly contacted the Brit and ordered him to stay away from one of their most valuable commodities. “I got a letter from Mayweather Promotions telling me to stop talking about him because he is under contract to Mayweather Promotions,” Hearn told Thaboxingvoice’s YouTube channel. “If he is, so be it, how long he is for I don’t know. But we would never interfere with a fighter under contract.” However, Hearn is a big fan of the 27-year-old and has not ruled out making a move for him in the future. “If the opportunity comes available of course we would be very aggressive with an offer for Gervonta Davis but if he is under contract obviously we don’t want to have those conversations. He added: “Gervonta’s a great fighter. I’ve been a fan for a long time, you see him filling those arenas. I just feel sometimes a fighter starts looking at all the filled up seats and all the pay-per-view buys and goes ‘who is making the money here?’ JUST IN: Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk 'decide rematch venue' for July 23 bout “That’s why we like to give our big names the opportunity to own the commercial revenue in those fights, and maybe that’s what he is thinking, I have no idea.” This comes after comments Hearn prevously made about acquiring the services of Mayweather's prodigy. In an interview with IFL TV, Hearn said: “Gervonta Davis is a superstar, you saw the crowd there. I think he’s now going to take control of his career and obviously, if he is available then we would love to work with him. When the relationship with a fighter is stretched, after the fight it’s always pally-pally. Everyone is sort of high on emotion [saying], ‘What a great night we are going to stay working with you.’ But I don’t know. “I don’t even know if he’s out of contract, you just don’t know. We’ll certainly be reaching out to him to find out if he is out of contract and if he is out of contract, he should listen to everybody because there are going to be some really interesting offers out there for him. He’s one of the biggest stars in the sport. I’ve got a couple of mega fights we could make instantly for him, and I know our broadcast partner would do everything to make that happen. DON'T MISS  “I would probably send him a DM. I’d just say, ‘Gervonta if you are out of contract, we’d love the opportunity to talk.’ We’ve done it plenty of times before.” It’s very easy to see why Hearn is interested in the 27-year-old, who has held multiple world championships in three weight classes. These include the WBA (Regular) lightweight title which he has held since 2019, the IBF super featherweight title in 2017, the WBA (Super) super featherweight title twice between 2018 and 2021 and the WBA (Regular) super lightweight in 2021. He is also ranked as the world's best active lightweight by BoxRec and is undefeated having won 25 of his 27 fights via knockout. His most recent victory came last Saturday when he KO’d former WBA interim lightweight champion Rolando Romero in the sixth round.