The Queen has to be on top form to be in charge of the Royal Family every day, and apparently, the monarch has a very strict morning routine, which involves tuning into her favourite radio station, enjoying a cup of tea and a long soak in the bath before getting dressed. But there’s a specific temperature and depth she likes to bathe in. Buckingham Palace reportedly “starts to stir” with activity around 7.30am, as the overnight staff near the end of their shift. Her Majesty’s maid will enter the Queen’s bedroom with a ‘morning tray’ - on it is one pot of Earl Grey tea, and one pot of hot water, both apparently in solid silver. There is also a small jug of cold milk, but no sugar. Her tea is poured into a bone china cup and saucer, with a napkin that has the royal cypher E II R embossed on it. READ MORE: Queen’s go-to takeaway she enjoys when in Balmoral Buckingham Palace reportedly “starts to stir” with activity around 7.30am, as the overnight staff near the end of their shift. Her Majesty’s maid will enter the Queen’s bedroom with a ‘morning tray’ - on it is one pot of Earl Grey tea, and one pot of hot water, both apparently in solid silver. There is also a small jug of cold milk, but no sugar. Her tea is poured into a bone china cup and saucer, with a napkin that has the royal cypher E II R embossed on it. The maid then turns on BBC Radio 4, and the Queen starts the day by listening to the Today programme. While the monarch enjoys her first cup of tea from the comfort of her bed, her maid “will go into the adjoining bathroom to draw the bath”. The bath has to be “exactly the right temperature” - how hot or cold the Queen likes her bath, no one knows. The water is then “tested with a wooden-cased thermometer” to ensure it is suitable for the Queen to bathe in. DON'T MISS... Effective way to remove toilet limescale with ‘no scrubbing required’ [EXCLUSIVE]Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with simple food storage hack [VIDEO]Reduce intake of 'poisonous' drink to lose weight during menopause [INTERVIEW] The monarch isn’t a fan of a deep bath either, she is said to bathe in “no more than seven inches of water”, according to royal author Brian Hoey for the Daily Mail. Seven inches is equivalent to 17.8 centimetres. As for why the Queen chooses a bath every morning at precisely 8am instead of hopping in the shower, royal expert Craig Brown said: “She always took a bath because she and other royals believe showers are for people who are rushing out the door to get to work.” While the Queen enjoys her bath, Angela Kelly, the Queen’s Personal Assistant and Curator of her Wardrobe, lays out the first outfit of the day in the dressing room next door. READ MORE: Queen should NOT retire but ‘continue to delegate’ her duties  The Queen’s outfit will have already been chosen in advance. And depending on the day’s engagements, the monarch might have to change her outfit as many as five times. Once dressed, the Queen’s hairdresser then styles her hair. Around 8.30am, breakfast is then served in the Queen’s own private dining room. She prefers to keep it simple when it comes to breakfast, with only two options according to former royal chef, Darren McGrady. Sometimes she enjoys a bowl of Special K with some assorted fruits - which is served from a plastic container. On special occasions, the monarch might treat herself to scrambled eggs and smoked salmon with a shaving of truffle.