The property expert has been helping people find their dream homes abroad since he joined A Place in the Sun earlier this year. While Craig's had many successes, he recently spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how he is learning "not to take it personally" when guests snub the properties he picks out for them. The Bristolian is one of the newest presenters on the Channel 4 property hunting series and he is perhaps best known for presenting on QVC. Craig's property journey started when he was in his early twenties and he has been buying and renovating homes ever since. The presenter recently spoke to Express.co.uk about using his expertise to help A Place in the Sun guests put offers in on their dream homes abroad. He said: "I'm really learning how you can never predict what people are going to like because it's such a personal thing." READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen  Craig recalled how some guests' "faces just drop" when they go inside some properties he has picked out for them which can be disheartening. He continued: "We obviously research the properties to find the best ones - it's really interesting. "It just shows that finding properties is such a personal thing, and it has to feel right." He said he has learned not to get offended when guests do not warm to properties he has shown them.   Reflecting on some of the trickier clients he has been with on the Channel 4 show, Craig explained: "For two shows which we filmed in Italy, both couples were quite tough. "One couple, Jackie and Mike from Northern Ireland, were lovely, she was from Dublin and he was from Galway." However, Craig revealed they did not like the first three properties he gave them a tour of "at all". Craig said the guests thought one of his property choices "looked like a shed". DON'T MISS...A Place In The Sun’s Craig Rowe opens up on housing struggles  [EXCLUSIVE]A Place in the Sun's Craig shut down as buyer's spot 'problem' [LATEST]A Place in the Sun’s Craig Rowe details fears of not being accepted [INSIGHT] "But the home was really big inside and had an amazing view," Craig explained. "And I said, 'Okay, forget the shed comment and let me get you inside because I think there are reasons I'm showing you this.' "The funny thing was, when they met me outside I asked if it got better when they went inside and Jackie said, in a word, 'No.' "But I really love how honest she was, there is no point in saying they like it if they don't.  "She did have a great sense of humour, but people can be very to the point and abrupt." However, Craig revealed Jackie was very enthusiastic when he did find a property which she approved of. "When I did find it somewhere that she loved, she really loved it." A Place in the Sun airs on weekdays at 4pm on Channel 4. 