Inter Milan would allegedly be prepared to send Chelsea Milan Skriniar or Alessandro Bastoni as part of a swap deal for Romelu Lukaku, according to reports. The Nerazzurri are now beginning to explore the possibility of re-signing the Belgian international, who left to return to west London last August for a club-record fee of £97.5million. Yet the deal did not pay dividends for Lukaku, who has had to endure long spells on the bench at Stamford Bridge despite such a positive start under Thomas Tuchel. Now the 29-year-old is thought to be in favour of a move away from Chelsea and ideally, a return to Inter Milan. Talks between the clubs over a simple loan deal are now believed to be underway but given just how much Chelsea shelled out to sign him, they would like to recoup as much money as possible. According to CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs, Inter would even be willing to include Skriniar or Bastoni, two of their star defenders, in order to seal the signing of Lukaku. JUST IN: Liverpool 'make club-record Darwin Nunez bid' with Jurgen Klopp 'crazy' about transfer Skriniar is a player that has been the subject of talks with Tottenham in the past but Spurs have since moved on to other targets. One of which is his centre-back partner Bastoni, who is Antonio Conte's top summer target ahead of the transfer window. Both Tottenham and Manchester United are trying to find out whether a deal for Bastoni is possible ahead of the 2022/23 season. Yet so far, the indications from the player are that he would prefer to stay at the San Siro, where he expects to start pre-season upon his return from holiday after international duty. READ MOREChelsea star Romelu Lukaku's coy three-word message when quizzed on Inter Milan transferBenfica respond to Man Utd 'swap deal offer for Darwin Nunez' with counter proposalLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Chelsea star Romelu Lukaku's coy three-word message when quizzed on Inter Milan transfer /sport/football/1620249/Chelsea-news-Romelu-Lukaku-message-future-Inter-Milan-transfer-news It's claimed Inter would not be prepared to lose Lautaro Martinez though, a player who has been of interest to Chelsea in the past. The club would like to reunite the Argentine with his former strike partner Lukaku, if they can somehow pull off the return of the Chelsea man. Martinez's agent Alejandro Camano recently declared his client was happy at Inter: “We are not depending on a transfer. He is at Inter, he is happy, the city is wonderful. “Sometimes the press publishes things about a transfer but Lautaro is thinking about Inter, giving the people of Inter joy, becoming champions and working for the World Cup.” Lukaku has a commissioned lawyer handling the discussions with his old club Inter. His agent Federico Pastorello caused a stir ahead of the FA Cup final in early May when he outlined his plans to speak with Chelsea's new owners about Lukaku's future. The Italian representative's comments did not go down well with Chelsea boss Tuchel, who suggested direct contact with himself may be the best resolution for all parties. He said: "If he plans to talk with the owner then maybe it's not his plan to talk with me. "If he gets a meeting, maybe he can talk. It's his right and we will talk to anybody and evaluate the situation of any player including Romelu."