Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their go-to hacks for removing stains from toilet seats. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame after she began sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on social media and TV. Now, the cleaning star and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Fans of Mrs Hinch have also created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing cleaning tips. On one such group, Facebook user Ellen Alker asked fellow Mrs Hinch fans: “Hi all what's the best way to remove yellow stains from toilet seats?” Ellen’s post received more than 80 responses from cleaning enthusiasts. One of the most popular responses was to use Pink Stuff paste. Katie Yarnold said: “Pink Stuff paste and green back sponge works every time.” READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ Anne-Marie Kethro replied: “Pink Stuff works brilliantly!” Charlie Dexter commented: “Definitely Pink Stuff paste. Gets rid of all of it.” Joanne Watts said: “Pink Stuff paste.” Jane Hunt responded: “Pink Stuff paste and magic eraser.”  DON'T MISSProtect gardens from slugs using 14p ‘homemade spray’ - ‘so effective’ [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to ‘transform’ roses - keeps them ‘alive’ [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean a BBQ with simple 13p natural hack [ANALYSIS] Lesley Taylor agreed and wrote: “Pink Stuff paste. DON’T use bleach, makes it worse.” Star Drops The Pink Stuff is a cleaning paste that claims to remove tough stains from trainers, saucepans, cooker tops, sinks, uPVC, barbecues, ceramic tiles, glass, showers, garden furniture, paintwork, boats, brass and more. The Pink Stuff Cleaning Paste is available from Wilko for £1.50. The Pink Stuff Paste costs £1 from Ocado and Morrisons. Stardrops The Pink Stuff The Miracle Cleaning Paste is £1.65 from Sainsbury’s. Other suggestions for removing yellow toilet seat stains included using bleach, a magic eraser sponge, Elbow Grease and Napisan. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Nicola Hadlow replied: “I soaked mine in bleach and it brought it up white but took the lacquer shine of actual seat.” Ruth Alison wrote: “Elbow Grease spray and a scourer pad.” Belinda Harker commented: “Neat bleach on toilet roll and leave on for at least an hour.” Teresa Webb suggested: “I tried everything too after my toilet seat had yellow staining, the only thing that removed most of it was magic erasers. Worked brilliantly.” Katie Cargill said: “I have used the cheap sterilisation fluid from home bargains (like Milton) but it’s only 89p.  “Scrubbed it with a toothbrush and it really does lift the stain. “I steep my white cloth in the fluid too, it seems to get it back to white without bleach as it’s for baby dummies etc.” Suzanne Windrow wrote: “I took mine off and soaked it in the bath overnight with Napisan.” Elizabeth Lowe replied: “Whitening toothpaste and Elbow Grease.” Anne Calvert suggested: “White vinegar and bicarbonate of soda.”