The Brussels bloc has been trying to diversify its gas imports from Russian contracts since Vladimir Putin's attack on Ukraine begun in February. But so far, EU natural gas buyers are failing to come up with a plan B. According to Eurointelligence, the bloc is lagging behind China and the US in signing new deals with alternative partners. China, they argue, has so far signed nine deals for liquefied natural gas with American suppliers. "By comparison," they write, "Germany, the EU’s biggest buyer of natural gas, only signed their first new US deal in the year a couple of weeks ago. German buyers are also still wrangling with Qatar over contract length and pricing mechanisms, which Chinese buyers are more flexible over." They added: "European natural gas buyers might have said a lot about their desire to diversify from Russia, but so far their actions have not quite matched their rhetoric. "There’s been a significant contrast between Asian competitors’ appetites to sign new gas deals and Europe’s sluggishness at coming to long-term contracts. "That could spell trouble if European countries jump, or are pushed, into a move away from Russian gas." They continued: "Gas buyers are banking on Russian gas still being readily available, despite governments’ pledges to phase it out. If this is their calculus, and they believe things can go back to normal with Russia, why sign a contract on unfavourable terms? "Banking on a return to the status quo with Russia does, however, seem like a bold move. Regulators and shareholders have received a rather nasty wake-up call with the war in Ukraine. "They are well aware of the undesirability of Vladimir Putin being able to cause a European recession at will. "Europe’s gas buyers, and those who hold them to account, have been excessively naive about this reality." READ MORE: Putin endgame as Russia's military faces collapse following 'problems'  Commenting on the issue, Eurointelligence director Wolfgang Munchau said: "They [European gas buyers] are praying that the cosy relationship with Russia will resume at one point. There is no plan B." The warning comes as Russia's sanctions against Gazprom Germania and its subsidiaries could cost German taxpayers and gas users an extra 5 billion euros a year to pay for replacement gas. In May, Russia decided to stop supplying Gazprom Germania, which had been the German subsidiary of Gazprom, after Berlin put the company under trustee management due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS:North Korea humiliation after Kim’s missile hit own city [INSIGHT]Over 40 NATO warships and 7,000 troops gather in Baltic [ANALYSIS]Boris has won but is it just the start of the end? asks DAVID MADDOX [COMMENT] Since then, the Bundesnetzagentur energy regulator, acting as trustee, has had to buy replacement gas on the market to fulfil supply contracts with German municipal utilities and regional suppliers. The economy ministry estimates an extra 10 million cubic meters per day are required, said a ministry spokesperson, confirming a number cited by the newspaper. "The quantities are procured on the market and at market prices. No information can be given on the exact amounts due to commercial confidentiality," said the spokesperson in an emailed response.