Monday June 27 will see new fines brought in by Transport for London who will issue penalty charge notices (PCNs) for drivers who veer into cycle lanes. The same applies for motorists stopping in the lanes or blocking them. The fines will be the same as existing red route PCNs at £160, reduced to £80 if paid within 14 days. Drivers will be monitored and recorded using existing CCTV camera networks. Previously the job of enforcing any drivers caught using cycle lanes fell to the police. It’s a move that echoes the new abilities of UK councils to fine drivers for infractions like stopping in yellow box junctions. READ MORE: Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel TfL’s website states: “From 27 June 2022, we may issue a Penalty Charge Notice (PCN) to drivers…if you drive over the white line of a cycle lane when not permitted [or] if you stop or park in a cycle lane when not permitted.” The new fines are part of TFL’s “Vision Zero” campaign which aims to end death and serious injury on London’s roads. TFL believes currently more than half of Londoners choose not to cycle due to safety concerns, reported the Evening Standard. It said: “The new enforcement powers will help protect designated space for cyclists and make the capital’s roads more attractive for Londoners to cycle on, helping to build on the huge increases in cycling seen in the capital since the start of the coronavirus pandemic.” DON'T MISS: Petrol station causes traffic chaos after it offers discounted fuel [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to move away from diesel if they want to save money [REVEAL] Elderly drivers cause more accidents than younger motorists [SHOCKING] TfL spokesperson, Siwan Hayward, said the new fines will help to encourage “a green and sustainable future for London” by making walking and cycling more accessible and safe. Tom Bogdanowicz, senior policy and development officer at London Cycling Campaign, said using cameras to implement the policy will: “Reduce road danger and further enhance the great value for money that investment in the cycling network brings.” Only rental e-scooters within a trial area and pedal bicycles are legally allowed in cycle lanes. Drivers are still able to cross the solid white line of a cycle lane if turning left or accessing private property. From June 1, local authorities in England outside of London have been able to apply to the Secretary of State for new powers to enforce “moving traffic offences”. This means they can be granted powers that have previously been held only by the police and will be able to issue fines to drivers for these offences for the first time. Offences covered by the new enforcement include driving into a bus lane, stopping in a yellow box junction, banned right or left turns, illegal U-turns and going the wrong way in a one-way street. Fines range from £20 for lower level penalties paid promptly, up to £105 for later payment of higher level penalties. These include bus lane contraventions, or parking a vehicle on a cycle path. The Government ruled that surplus funds raised from the fines can be used to pay for public transport provision, highway improvement projects and environmental improvements. It is currently unclear how many councils may apply, when specific councils may be given Designation Orders, and when they may start to use the new enforcement powers. Edmund King, AA president, said: “Although the AA accepts that enforcement of moving traffic offences is necessary to maintain the efficiency of the road network and keep streets safe, the experience and evidence of how badly that enforcement has often worked in London is a major worry."