Tommy Fury has revealed that he's been denied entry to the US for the Jake Paul press conference, putting their fight in major doubt.  In a video uploaded to Instagram, Fury told fans: "I just want to come on here and set the record straight before anyone else tries to. Me and my team arrived this morning at Heathrow Airport. Ready for the press conference. Ready to fly out. And as soon as I entered the airport I got pulled to one side and I was told by a Homeland security officer that was there that my ESTA had been denied and I wasn't able to travel to the USA for a reason that I apparently know. "I can stand here and say I've done absolutely nothing wrong and I have no clue why I am not allowed to travel to the USA. Like I say, I've been training for a fight this whole time and that's all I've been doing. I have no clue why they would not allow me to travel today. Neither does any of my team, or my lawyers. So now I'm having to go to the Embassies and all this kind of stuff to try and resolve it. And I'm in the middle of training guys. I don't know why this has happened. This is a massive shock to me and my whole team. Obviously it is a matter that needs to be resolved, it's government issues. It's a lot bigger than the fight right now and I'm just trying to get it sorted but I just wanted to let you all know where it was at." Fury's dad is already banned from America due to previous convictions while Tommy's older brother Tyson Fury has allegedly been stopped from entering the country in recent weeks. The news comes ahead of Fury and Paul's press conference which was supposed to take place in the United States on Wednesday. With such a short amount of time between now and then, it is likely the press conference will be rescheduled, but with Fury unable to get into the country this may also mean that the fight will have to find a new date. Fury and Paul were originally scheduled to face each other in December of last year but Fury was forced to pull out of the contest after sustaining a rib injury and bacterial infection in camp. For a while, the fight seemed like it would never happen with Paul affirming that Fury had 'blown his shot'. That was until last Wednesday when Paul set Fury a 24-hour deadline to get the fight done. "The Problem Child" hit out at Fury on social media, tweeting: "Tommy Fury, you pulled out last year. Then you agree to fight me now but your dad is trying to pull you out again? We’ve given you everything you asked for. $2 million purse. VADA testing. Tampons. You have 24 hours to clear this up or I will never give you this opportunity again." "TNT" was quick to respond with a short and simple message back over Twitter: "See you August 6th pal." MORE BOXING NEWS...  Fury calls out 'chicken' Ngannou for Wembley clash in 2022 Whyte to make return to the ring in Autumn after Fury loss Wilder being targeted for blockbuster showdown with Parker The next day Paul announced that the fight had been signed. Taking to Twitter, he wrote: "Okay people he grew a set overnight. It’s official, I'm taking this little Fury’s head off. Amanda Serrano and I dual main-event at the Mecca of boxing. Official press conference and ticket on sale this Wednesday, June 29th at 11 AM. #PaulFury." WBC and WBO featherweight world champion Amanda Serrano is set to co-headline the card as she defends her belts against mandatory challenger Brenda Carabajal. While undefeated prospect Ashton 'h20' Sylve features on the undercard. The fight is scheduled for August 6 at Madison Square Gardens, New York City.