Conor Benn is open to fighting Chris Eubank Jr in the near future but is unsure whether his fellow countryman will take the fight. Benn has long called for the historic bout which would see the sons of former boxing legends and fierce-rivals Nigel Benn and Chris Eubank Sr pitted against each other. In his latest appeal for the bout the welterweight contender told iFL TV that he would face Eubank Jr at middleweight if he had to: "It will be a catchweight, I suppose. But I won't lose no sleep over fighting him at 160. I won't lose no sleep. At all. I'll fight him next if that got presented to me. I'll have that fight any day of the week, twice on Sundays." Despite interest from Benn’s side of the negotiation table, he admitted that the fight’s future is uncertain at this point. "I don't think he [Eubank Jr] will take that fight," said Benn. MORE BOXING NEWS... Garcia's reaction spotted as he loses £16k Spence Jr bet Pacquiao sets deadline for Mayweather rematch Hearn promises 'total carnage' as Chisora vs Pulev rematch announced There was a lot of talk about the two Brits possibly facing each other this year after Eubank Jr defeated Liam Williams, but those conversations have died off considerably as of late. In an interview with Sky Sports after the Williams fight, Eubank Jr said: "We're so far apart in terms of where we are in our careers. We're not in the same weight class. If he's able to move up in weight then I'm open to it. "He tweeted after the fight that he fancies his chances. That's strong words. I giggled when I saw that because he obviously doesn't know what it really would take to get in the ring with me. Further down the line, in a few years if he can make the weight, then let's go." Benn is expected to fight on July 9 at the O2 Arena in London, against a currently undisclosed opponent. Reports suggest talks are ongoing between Benn’s promoter Eddie Hearn and Top Rank about a fight with former WBC and WBO light welterweight champion Jose Ramirez at welterweight. Chris Eubank Jr is yet to be matched for his next bout but is expected to continue to fight at middleweight after a recent stint at super-middleweight. He currently sits at 32-2 with 23 wins by knockout. 