Novak Djokovic has received a large backing by tennis fans after revealing he was ‘happy’ to see Wimbledon stripped of its ranking points for banning Russian and Belarusian players for this year’s Championships. Stars such as world no 2 Daniil Medvedev will not be allowed to compete at Wimbledon this summer after tournament organisers took a hard-line stance in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The ATP and the WTA decided to strip Wimbledon of its ranking points for the upcoming tournament, in addition to the 2021 edition of the tournament. It means that players will not be able to defend the points they won last year. Djokovic, who triumphed at Wimbledon 2021, conceded that he was ‘affected’ by the move but added that he was content with the ATP’s decision. The world no 1 slammed Wimbledon for making the ‘wrong decision’. In a poll of Express Sport readers, 30 percent of voters have backed Djokovic in insisting that the ATP should strip ranking points from the tournament. However, 61.6 percent of the 10,788 voters believe ranking points should remain, in a big blow to the ATP. Those who were unsure about the decision made up 4.4 percent of the respondents. JUST IN: Murray impresses before Wimbledon as he reaches Surbiton Trophy semis Djokovic said last week: "I'm affected because I'm not able to defend 4,000 points [in Australia and Wimbledon]. “But I'm happy to see that the ATP and the players decided to show Wimbledon that when you make a wrong decision, there are consequences. Wimbledon is still Wimbledon, it was my dream as a kid, I never looked at it for points of prize money, but I understand the group of players affected. It's a lose-lose situation.” Rafael Nadal added: “I don't have a clear opinion. There is always a board or a person making decisions and all players have to follow. Every player have a different opinion about all matters and in this world we need somebody to make decisions. Doesn't matter if I agree.” DON'T MISS...Zverev injury leaves Nadal 'subdued' despite making French Open finalMurray impresses before Wimbledon as he reaches Surbiton Trophy semisEmma Raducanu confirmed for Washington event for US Open defence But two-time Wimbledon champion Andy Murray hit out at the ATP, saying fans do not take any notice of ranking points. "Removing the points, if it doesn't stop players from playing then I don't think it's a great move from the ATP," the Brit said on Monday. "They've taken points away - everyone's still showing up. My belief is Wimbledon will go ahead and have an extremely strong player field." He added: "I don't believe there's anyone at the ATP that supports what's happening in Ukraine. I think they're trying to protect the players the best they can and that's the decision that they've taken. Some players are fine with the decision but I think the majority of them were not. "I spoke to some of the Russian players in Madrid and I feel for those players as well. I like them and I'm friends with them and I don't believe they're in favour of what's happening [in Ukraine] either."