Mr Aldous was taken to task by the Speaker after breaking Parliamentary protocol with his question during a raucous Prime Minister's Questions. The Conservative MP mistakenly referred to Sir Lindsay Hoyle as "Mr Deputy Speaker," his previous role under John Bercow. The slip-up resulted in a chorus of "shame" from MPs as Mr Aldous made his apologies in the direction of the speaker's chair. Mr Aldous quickly corrected himself, blurting out "Mr Speaker!" The error sparked cries of "apologies!" which Mr Aldous was quick to do. "Mr Speaker my sincere apologies," offered the MP for Waveney.  The blunder followed a fiery exchange between Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner and Dominic Raab as the pair stood in at Prime Minister's Questions due to Mr Johnson's attendance at a Nato summit. Ms Rayner repeatedly asked Mr Raab if he and the Cabinet will continue to prop up Mr Johnson or come to a point where they decide "enough is enough". Speaking in the Commons, Ms Rayner said: "This week the Government lost two by-elections in one day, the first in three decades. It's no wonder that the Prime Minister has fled the country and left the honourable member to carry the can. "The people of Wakefield and Tiverton held their own vote of no confidence.  "The Prime Minister isn't just losing the room, he is losing their country. But instead of showing some humility, he intends to limp on until the 2030s. So, does he think the Cabinet will prop him up for this long?" Deputy Prime Minister Mr Raab replied: "I gently point out to her that we want this Prime Minister going a lot longer than she wants the leader of Labour Party..." He noted "we have got a working majority of 75" and "we are focusing on delivering for the British people". Mr Raab added: "We will protect the public from these damaging rail strikes when we have got the scene of Labour frontbenchers joining the picket lines."  DON'T MISS:Israel fury as EU attempts to push Iran nuclear deal [REPORT]Liz Truss draws up plan with Ukraine to END Putin's horror war [REVEAL]Putin humiliated as Russian ammunition train derails [INSIGHT] But Ms Rayner said the country cannot "stomach" Mr Johnson for another eight years after the Prime Minister outlined his ambitions to continue in office into a third term. She said: "The truth is what I want for my honourable friend the Leader of this Opposition (Sir Keir Starmer) is not to be the Leader of the Opposition, but to be the prime minister of this country. "To be honest, it could not come quick enough. "Britain can't stomach this Prime Minister for another eight years. His own backbenchers can't stomach him for another eight minutes. And if they continue to prop him up, I doubt the voters will stomach him for even eight seconds in the ballot."