Taking to Instagram earlier this week, Joe revealed an “offended” audience member’s “perfectly understandable response” after taking issue with one of the jokes from his latest stand-up tour was to “call the f**king police”. Joe also revealed the matter was now closed and the joke in question “remains firmly and proudly in the show” as he shared a screen grab of the authority’s email. And Joe was able to laugh about the matter with Alex Jones and Ronan Keating on Friday’s The One Show on BBC One. Discussing his latest tour, Joe admitted his inspiration for content came from a four-year prank he’d been pulling, unbeknownst to the public. After quipping the police had become embroiled in the prank, Joe made the comment that it was the “second time” the police had gotten involved in his comedy. Quick to learn more, Alex then asked: “Well, you mentioned the police… “Now last week Denise [Van Outen],” Alex went on, bringing Joe’s fellow guest into the conversation. “Somebody didn’t like a joke, did they?” READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family Alex probed further: “Was that completely unexpected? Could you believe…?” Taking a rather diplomatic approach, Joe replied: “Sort of, yeah. “Anything can happen when you’re performing to lots of people and everyone has different opinions. “But I did think it was quite extreme the police were called,” he admitted before explaining the joke wasn’t supposed to contain any offensive material. Joe went on: “The joke, to me, it’s not offensive at all. “It’s quite unusual, it’s quite a full-on thing to hear, but it’s not offensive to any group of people. “It’s not racist, it’s not homophobic obviously, it’s not misogynistic, it’s none of these things - it’s just silly. “I can also see why somebody who is a bit uptight could be cross about it,” Joe added. DON'T MISS:Emmerdale theory: Mary Goskirk to exit as she dies on Rhona's weddingBrenda Blethyn pays tribute to Vera co-star 'Best person'This Morning branded 'out of touch' as chef uses caviar on pizza Reflecting on his reaction, Joe explained: “I found the whole thing so funny. “And when the police rang I thought it was hilarious. I wanted it to go to court! “I wanted to be in jail for it just so I could… I think it’s so funny that the police were involved. “So yeah, it was great fun really, this week has been funny to sort of watch it unfold.” Joe's full statement on Instagram read: "So someone came to my tour show a few weeks back and was offended by one of the jokes. And their perfectly understandable response to this was… to call the f**king police. "To be fair to them the fuzz were very nice about it all but felt they had a duty to investigate. This involved me writing a statement explaining the context of the joke for them; I particularly enjoyed putting the words ‘giant donkey d**k’ into a message to a police detective. "Charmed, and hopefully amused, the rozzers have since closed the matter. You’ll be pleased to know that the joke - which I consider to be one of the best I’ve ever written - remains firmly and proudly in the show. "The tour continues until September, unless I am jailed." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.