James Martin has left his James Martin's Saturday Morning fans devastated after announcing that his ITV cooking show is taking a break over the summer period. The celebrity chef, 49, made the announcement on Instagram following his last show just days ago. In view of his 693,000 followers, the star promised to return to TVs later in the year. James wrote: "Sadly it’s our last show today before the summer break but we will be back!" He reshared a post from his programme's Instagram, which read: "Tomorrow is our last show before we head off for a little summer break! "@jamesmartinchef is joined by @mattgoss and David Gower, chefs @chefgaltonb and @markbirchall, and forager @alysia_vasey! READ MORE: John Cleese slams Jacob Rees-Mogg over taxpayer’s money "It's a great one, don't miss it! 9.25am @itv #saturdayjamesmartin," it ended. Following the news, fans of the show took to the comments to relay their devastation at the news. Instagram user Patding19 wrote: "What am I going to do on Saturday mornings now," alongside a series of sad faces. "Come back soon James," commented Tannysarcana. Justonesteptosuccess penned:: "Already missed you." Juliasephton added: "Oh we will miss you xx." Before lynn.banks6 wrote: "We'll miss you, it's the best part of the week! Enjoy your break guys," followed by a heart eyes emoji. Last Saturday's show saw chef Galton Blackiston's segment take an unexpected turn when James kept on mocking his recipes. DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan hits back at Dan Walker's GMB walk-off stint [ANALYSIS]Richard Coles retired from C of E as 'gay people are not welcome' [UPDATE] However, the chef soon shut down the ITV star by telling him to "shut up". Ahead of Galton's first recipe, James commented: "There's a lot going on here! What are you going to be making?" "I am going to do a roast potato and I'm gonna mess about a bit," the chef replied. "I'm going to add some beautiful ox cheek which I'm just going to seal off in a pan." Before he could even finish his sentence, James cheekily interrupted: "Basically the roast potatoes are just a roast potato with the ox cheek?" "No, no no!" Galton hit back. "You'll see in a minute." Later on, he raged at James after he kept on chipping in: "Shut up and let me concentrate!" Despite the banter between the two chefs, when it came to the taste test of the potatoes, James loved them. James Martin's Saturday Morning is available to watch on the ITV Hub.