According to royal commentator Omid Scobie, baker Claire Ptak "baked a special order" for Lilibet's birthday party. Ms Ptak, who runs Violet Cakes, previously made a lemon and elderflower cake for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's wedding. She shared a picture of a pink, floral cake on Monday, leading many royal watchers to speculate that this was Lilibet's cake. The baker shared a second picture this morning, with the caption "Frilly". Commenting on the first picture, one user @filmoreberry wrote: "Awww, just as cute as Lili Diana is. "Sweet and adorable, very blessed!" Another, kareneisabelle wrote: "Might this be the cake for the lovely Lili?" A third, vaboast added: "Absolutely beautiful for a precious little Princess". But others said that the cake was too mature for a one-year-old. One user, Judithallen1287 wrote: "Beautiful cake for anyone over 18. READ MORE: Queen met Lilibet privately more than once as Sussexes ease tensions "Ridiculous for a one year old." While Alexandrahoffmann49 said: "Stunning Cake but for an adult sorry", adding: "Give the kid a cake for a kid". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex hosted a small birthday celebration for their daughter Lilibet, who turned one on Saturday. Mr Scobie said that the celebrations consisted of an "intimate backyard picnic" at Frogmore Cottage. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry accused of using royal status for 'own agenda' [ANALYSIS] Happy birthday Lilibet! Sussex fans' joy as Queen 'meets' young royal [REVEAL] Meghan Markle warned against 'appalling tactics' at Jubilee [INSIGHT] The picnic, which took place at Frogmore Cottage, was a "casual, intimate" celebration, a spokesperson for the Sussexes said. Attendees reportedly included Zara and Mike Tindall's three children, Mia, eight, Lena, three, and Lucas, one. Meghan and Harry shared a picture of young Lilibet to mark her birthday, taken in the garden of Frogmore Cottage. The couple said they were "incredibly touched" by the birthday wishes they received for Lilibet. Birthday wishes for the young royal poured out across social media. Senior members of the Royal Family also sent their best wishes to the Sussex's child, with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tweeting: "Wishing a very happy birthday to Lilibet, turning one today!" Charles and Camilla shared a similar message, saying: "Wishing Lilibet a very happy 1st birthday today!"