Queen Letizia of Spain, 49, is at the NATO summit in Madrid with her husband King Felipe. International leaders like President Joe Biden are present along with British Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The Spanish monarch looks beautiful in a floaty black dress.  The sleeveless gown is ankle-length and tied together at the waist with a belt. Letizia paired this dress with her Manolo Blahnik slingback pumps which she has worn since 2019. The chic style from the iconic shoe brand boasted a pointy-toe silhouette with clear PVC detailing. Unfortunately the shoes are no longer in stock so it is unclear how much they are. The Queen of Spain wore a silver pair of circular drop earrings, that were glitzy and stunning. These earrings highlighted Letizia’s smokey eye makeup with brown eyeshadow and heavy lashes of mascara. Letizia opted for nude lipgloss to make the eye makeup even more prominent. The Queen’s hair was plaited into a midi bun at the back of her head.  This helped highlight the simplicity of Letizia’s look and helped her not take the attention away from the high-profile leaders in the room. Letizia chose a big silver bracelet to accessorise on her left arm. The thick bracelet perfectly matched the royal’s sparkly earrings. The Spanish Queen then chose her iconic gold ring which she wore on her index finger.  READ MORE: Royal feud: Spanish Queen Letizia’s tense bust-up with Queen Sofía Letizia wears her gorgeous oval ring frequently. The 49-year-old is often pictured with the ring and wears it on multiple different fingers. Often she chooses not to wear any other rings at the same time, instead allowing the piece to stand out. The sterling silver ring is actually from Karen Hallam.  This is a Spanish brand set up by a designer originally from London. Plus, it only retails for €90, or roughly £75. Letizia wears this ring much more than her engagement ring from King Felipe. Reportedly, the Queen decided to forgo wearing the jewel because “the continuous handshakes at the receptions had injured her hand”. 