Fiona Bruce and the Antiques Roadshow team visited the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh for a recent instalment of the BBC programme. During the episode, silver expert Alastair Dickenson was presented with a handcrafted plate which had three striking blue stones on it. The owner was left blown away when Alastair confirmed it was worth thousands of pounds.   Alastair Dickenson began by asking his guest how she acquired the rare dish and if she knew who made it, to which she replied: "I think it was made by the Guild of Handicraft somewhere near the beginning of the 20th Century." She revealed the dish was given to her by her auntie Jean, officially her great-aunt, who was born in Fife in 1912 and subsequently moved to Edinburgh where she looked after children, families and ultimately older women. "It was one of these old ladies who she looked after who gave her this plate which she gave to us as a family," she explained. Alastair replied: "What a fantastic present to have." READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes'  He told the guest she was correct about who the plate was made by and explained the Guild of Handicraft was started in London by Charles Ashbee who was one of the pioneers of the arts and crafts movement. "The arts and crafts movement was all about a reaction to machines," he said. "They wanted to produce things in the old-fashioned, hand-raised way. "If you look at the dish, you'll see all the hammer marks all around it and that just shows it was a flat sheet which was hammered up into the shape required.  "And you say it's got a marker's mark at the top and a date letter for 1904. "But what is particularly nice about your dish is that it has these three enamel little [stones] on here - that is quite rare." The blue stones on the dish had metal poppies behind them which is what made the plate "quite rare" in the expert's eyes. "Everything is right about it," he gushed. "And collectors really go for rarities and things in good condition." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest emotional over grandfather’s rugby valuation [MUST SEE]Rare Renaissance painting found in Enfield bungalow sells for £255k [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest left speechless at royal signature valuation  [VIDEO] He said if the enamel was chipped or broken the value of the plate would have decreased by at least half. Alastair asked: "Has anybody ever looked at this and given you any idea of what it might be worth?" The guest shook her head before the expert gave his valuation of the silver dish. Following a closer inspection, he said: "I think at auction it could easily get £2,000."  The guest was stunned and replied: "Good grief, my goodness!" She started laughing and added: "I just didn't expect that, she did have an eye for things, my aunt." Alastair agreed, but it was not revealed whether the guest would auction off the valuable item or keep it within her family. Antiques Roadshow episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 