Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, 40, and Prince William, 39, will travel to Cardiff on Saturday for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee to mark Her Majesty’s 70-year reign. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will meet performers taking part in a special concert for the monarch in the grounds of Cardiff Castle. Such engagements are now second nature to Kate, who has become a key royal that the Queen relies on to represent the Royal Family far and wide. Her first public speech came two years later as she addressed a children's hospice in Ipswich, where she spoke at Treehouse, the charity she is patron of, run by East Anglia Children's Hospices. Kate read from a prepared speech at a lectern, making the audience laugh as she said she was “sorry William can’t be here today”, and receiving a large applause at the end. The Guardian reported that after speaking, she told a guest: “I find doing speeches nerve-wracking.” Over the past decade, Kate has honed her public speaking skills, although she still rarely gives speeches. However, one occasion where she did address an audience was at The Earthshot Prize in October, where she presented the final prize of the evening at the environmental sustainability initiative, spearheaded by William. Viewers were quick to praise the Duchess on social media, noting her accomplished delivery. Twitter user Kayla Adams wrote: “The Duchess of Cambridge presenting the award, I’m so proud of how far she’s come! “We all know how nervous she is with public speaking and she did brilliantly.” As well as praising Kate’s improved public speaking, Mr Fitzwilliams also noted the various charities and causes she and William devote themselves to. He said: “The issues she is championing now such as early childhood and mental health – she and William are mutually supportive. DON'T MISS:Princess Eugenie in shock move to Portugal as Harry and Meghan prepare for Frogmore return [LATEST]Prince Andrew is living 'high life' during his visits to Queen at Windsor Castle [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: ​​Should Meghan and Harry appear on balcony during Jubilee? [ANALYSIS] “She has got interests, of course, photography and so forth. She is doing lots of charity work. “The Cambridges are taking on fewer charities than perhaps might be expected. “But the thing is that they have done much more for the ones they have taken on, so perhaps that will be a trend. “But Catherine’s handling of things has been perfect. I think she is universally admired.” Over the years, Kate has focused on working with children and has helped organisations including Place2Be, Family Action, and the Anna Freud National Centre for Children and Families. In 2020 she also launched her landmark survey, “5 Big Questions on the Under Fives”, which was the largest of its kind in Britain.