Manchester United have reportedly tabled a huge swap deal offer for Benfica forward Darwin Nunez. With the 22-year-old scoring 34 goals across all competitions last term, he’s in the sights of Erik ten Hag. And it appears the Red Devils are accelerating plans to sign the Uruguay international as the start of the summer transfer window edges closer. Manchester United have, according to Portuguese outlet Correio de Manha, tabled a swap deal offer for Nunez. They’re willing to pay £64million, plus another £17m in bonuses, while also including Andreas Pereira in their bid. Pereira had been expected to join Flamengo on a permanent basis until recently but his move back to Brazil has now been scrapped. Instead, he could be set for a new adventure in Portugal. And Nunez may be set to play for United, with the Red Devils keen on snapping him up this summer. So, with talk of a move for the Uruguay international gathering pace, Express Sport will now take a look at potential shirt numbers he could wear. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings No 6 It would be extremely unlikely given Nunez is a forward. But the No 6 is now vacant at Old Trafford after United confirmed earlier in the week that Paul Pogba would be leaving on a free transfer. The No 6 would perhaps suit Frenkie de Jong more, with the Barcelona star another player in the sights of Ten Hag. Yet given it’s available, it’s one to ponder. No 8 Another vacant shirt number at United is the No 8. And that’s because Juan Mata has ended his love affair with the Red Devils, having been at the club ever since arriving from Chelsea back in the January transfer window of 2014. There is now an expectation Bruno Fernandes will get that jersey, having coveted it ever since his arrival from Sporting Lisbon two years ago. Yet Nunez could beat him to it if the Benfica star fancies it - providing Benfica accept United’s offer. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag No 9 While the No 9 isn’t free, it could soon be. United are set to jettison Anthony Martial this summer, with the France international primed to be shown the door having regressed alarmingly over the past two years. Nunez currently wears the No 9 shirt at Benfica. So this, out of all the shirt number options, seems to be the likeliest offer. No 11 Mason Greenwood remains suspended by United, having not played for the club since January. And with his future uncertain, it’s possible his No 11 shirt will be delegated to somebody else for the time being at least. Previously worn by club icon Ryan Giggs, it’s a special jersey over at Old Trafford. And Adnan Januzaj, Martial and Greenwood have all failed to do it justice in the years since the Wales boss’ retirement. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz No 12 The No 12 shirt has been unoccupied at United for a while, now. Not since Chris Smalling has it been worn by somebody, with the defender leaving to join Roma three years ago. It’s not exactly a special or standout jersey, making it an unlikely option for Nunez. No 15 Pereira was the last player to wear the No 15 shirt. Januzaj wore it before him for a brief period but Nemanja Vidic is perhaps the best occupant of the jersey in the club’s entire history. That said, Jesper Blomqvist wasn’t bad either - with the winger shining under Sir Alex Ferguson as the club won the treble back in 1999. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here No 21 Edinson Cavani is leaving United this summer after two years at Old Trafford. And that means his No 21 shirt will soon be free. Nunez donned that jersey during his time with UD Almeria and he could be tempted to take it on as United go in search of a 21st league title. No 24 Another old shirt number Nunez wore in the past was No 24. This was when he was starting out at CA Penarol in Uruguay. Darren Fletcher wore it during his United career and it’s been free ever since the departure of Tim Fosu-Mensah, who joined Bayer Leverkusen two years ago.