The Queen is set to surpass the £9 million mark in career earnings at Royal Ascot - and the monarch is reportedly proud of her success. A body language expert has analysed her demeanour towards her horses winning, and it reveals her passion for the sport with her gestures of pride and achievement. Since 1988, the Queen has earned a tremendous £8.7 million in prize money from horse racing, which is known to be one of her favourite hobbies. With three runners today and another three tomorrow, her winnings are set to pass the landmark figure of £9 million, a nice celebration for her in the aftermath of her Platinum Jubilee. Research by OLBG has revealed the Queen has won 566 races and entered horses in 3,441 races in the United Kingdom over the last 35 years. Her finest season came last year, when she claimed £584,399 and a sensational 36 wins from her horses that don the famous purple jacket with gold fringes, red sleeves and a black velvet cap. Since inheriting the breeding and racing stock from King George VI in 1952, the Queen has been a passionate horse racing supporter and regularly attends both the Epsom Derby and Royal Ascot, where she had her greatest day as an owner when Estimate won the 2013 Ascot Gold Cup. In 2022, the Queen is enjoying a good year to match her Platinum Jubilee celebrations: she has won 20% of the races her horses have competed in, which is close to her best rate of 24% in 1999. READ MORE: Princess Anne turns heads in all-yellow outfit at Royal Ascot As the 96-year-old is about to pass the monumental £9 million mark, body language expert Darren Stanton analysed the Queen’s love of horses and the sport, highlighting how her actions show how ‘down-to-earth’ she is. He said: “The Queen makes several interesting gestures and often leans forward when watching her horses, which is a sign of great interest. “When watching her horse win, she has the most genuine and engaging expressions of enjoyment on her face. The crows feet at the side of her eyes - which everyone possesses regardless of age - are fully engaged showing that she is in a moment of most ecstatic joy. “She also slams the palms of her hands down on the counter in front of her which again is a gesture we tend to make when we have just witnessed something that we are truly passionate about. DON'T MISSQueen sends touching message to Ascot racegoers after Jubilee moveQueen to return to beloved Ascot in major health boost'Patriotic' punters back Queen's Reach For The Moon at Royal Ascot “She clasps her hands again, something that we do in the triumph of an achievement and then she makes a really great gesture. She leans back and puts out her chest, which is a gesture of pride and achievement.” Stanton also highlighted a recent image of the Queen with two horses released to mark her 96th birthday. The image showcases the deep relationship she must have with her horses, as ‘they know just who is in charge’. “Just like with humans that can build a connection and a bridge to other people in terms of trust, integrity and openness, it is very normal for people to also build the same kind of trust with animals, especially horses,” Stanton added. “ “It’s clear that the horses and the Queen have such a deep connection that she trusts them not to misbehave and they accept the Queen is in charge, so it is very much what we call in psychology a ‘power pose’ that demonstrates the Queen’s high level of confidence in her horses.”