Bravo’s reality show Below Deck has remained a huge hit with viewers since it landed on screens in 2013 and the show has since expanded its franchise with a number of spin-offs in numerous locations. With a high turnover of crew members, the departed Chef Ben Robinson opened up on his upcoming TV series.  Viewers will remember Chef Ben as one of the original stars of the franchise who made a huge impression on fans during his appearances over six seasons. However, the last time he was seen on screens was during season four of Below Deck Mediterranean, when he featured in an unforgettable scene. Chef Ben saved the day after he agreed to join the charter after the initial Chef was fired. Following his exit, the beloved cook revealed he could soon be returning to TV after confirming he was in talks for an upcoming project. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short In an interview with Showbiz Cheat Sheet, he stated: “We’re really looking forward to having, maybe a Chef Ben show. “We’re pitching networks right now, it’s a slow process but we’re positive and we’re really hoping for that.” Before appearing on the Bravo show’s Mediterranean spin-off, Ben rose to fame when he starred in the original Below Deck. He was the full-time chef on seasons 1 and 2 but didn't return to season 3 until the very end when Chef Leon Walker left the boat due after a huge argument with chief stew Kate Chastain. Although Ben made a comeback in season four, it was the last time he would appear in the original series. During an Instagram Live, he shared his decision to retire as a yacht chef after his time on Below Deck Med Season 4 and focus on working as a private chef. Speaking to the publication, Ben revealed Below Deck was always supposed to be a stepping stone for his own cooking show. He admitted: “That was the game plan, that’s why I got onto the Below Deck. I never saw that as the end goal. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate's new lover unveiled after split from Will [THEORY]Below Deck Sailing Yacht fans swoon at charter wedding finale [INSIGHT] Below Deck Sailing Yacht left ‘emotional’ after Chef Marcos cries [INSIGHT] “I thought this would be a good opportunity and 10 years later, we’re still talking about it. “So, I mean, it was a great opportunity and hopefully one day we’ll be able to really develop something special and something that’s exciting.” Although he remained tight-lipped about the concept of his upcoming project, it could potentially merge his passions for cooking and travelling. As well as Below Deck, Ben also embarked upon a VIP Virgin Cruise excursion where he dished up for his special guests. Thankfully for fans, they too could experience their own Chef Ben treatment as he revealed plans to go on another cruise. He disclosed: “We’ve got a safari coming up in October that I’ll be hosting. I'll be kind of the food director, so it’ll be all my meals. “But I’ll be working with the lodge staff out there in Lyons Sands Resorts near Cape Town.” As well as this, fans could soon be able to take home a piece of Chef Ben as he hinted he was also working on a cookbook. Below Deck is available in the US on Bravo and available in the UK on Hayu. 