ITV viewers were thrilled on Sunday night as McDonald and Dodds made a return to their screens. Jason Watkins and Tala Gouveia were also back to play the lead detectives as they solved another murder in the city of Bath. The episode also saw a number of guest stars featuring in the drama including Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley, Sian Phillips and Alan Davies. However, when Catherine's character Kate made her first appearance on screen, viewers couldn't help but notice her change of accent. Viewers will remember Catherine from her role in the ITV soap where she donned a northern accent. Although, in McDonald and Dodds, the actress had put on a "posh" voice for her new role. Picking up on the change of accent, Elizabeth Scott tweeted: "#McDonaldAndDodds Took me ages to figure out that George's gf was Catherine Tyldesley from Corrie. With the different look and that posh accent I hardly recognised her." (sic) READ MORE: Lisa Nandy dodges strike probe as Raworth grills MP over action Craig wrote: "Who knew Catherine Tyldesley was so posh! #McDonaldAndDodds." While Ben added: "A rather posh Catherine Tyldesley #McDonaldAndDodds." Catherine's accent wasn't the only thing that viewers noticed, as they also spotted an error with one of her lines in the script. When speaking to McDonald and Dodds, Kate told them she was originally from Crawley in Surrey. However, fans were quick to spot the blunder as they took to social media to share their thoughts. Jill Fairclough commented: "Rookie error in #McDonaldAndDodds - Crawley is not in Surrey!" User @Piethagoram said: "#McDonaldAndDodds Crawley is in Sussex, not Surrey." (sic) Jim added: "Crawley is not in Surrey #McDonaldAndDodds DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s touching nod in Cambridge's Father’s Day photo [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Tobi Bakare pays tribute to BBC co-star  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' baby Thomas DNA twist [REACTION] "Crawley is NOT in Surrey, it's in West Sussex! #mcdonaldanddodds," user @JeanieThePixie pointed out. It seems viewers weren't the only ones to pick up on Kate's accent, as Dodds was also on her case. He exposed the fraud when he realised she'd pronounced a word a certain way. Towards the end of the episode, Catherine's real accent was revealed when she was caught by the detectives. When McDonald questioned the murder suspect, James about the killing, it is revealed that Kate was also in on it. "As soon as you arrived in Bath you started taking elocution lessons," Dodds said pointing out the change in accent. "He became infatuated, you weren't interested," McDonald said about Kate's professor before adding: "Until you saw this place and then your eyes lit up. "A wealthy bachelor with a 99-year-old mother, marry him and it's not long before you get your hands on this place." McDonald and Dodds returns on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.