Starring opposite the likes of Kevin Costner’s John Dutton and Luke Grimes’ Kayce Dutton, Kelsey Asbille has been a familiar face to Yellowstone fans since the very beginning of the Paramount Network series as Monica Dutton. And while the Dutton family’s bone-crushing and action-packed face-offs may seem the most challenging to shoot to the viewer, Asbille admitted on NBC’s The Kelly Clarkson Show there’s another feature of filming that she’s “terrible” at. Asbille’s admission came when Clarkson welcomed her onto the talk show and discussed her hometown of South Carolina. “So your character knows her way around a horse,” Clarkson began. “So you’re from South Carolina but did you ever ride horses?” As the Yellowstone star began to shake her head, Clarkson continued: “Oh, so were you one of those actors - please tell me you were one of those actors… “Who (when) they’re like, ‘Can you ride a horse?’ (You reply), ‘Totally,’ but never rode one.” READ MORE: Yellowstone tributes pour in as season 4 star dies The audience let out a chuckle before Asbille came clean that she’d perhaps fabricated some of the skills on her CV. “Yeah I had a whole paragraph of special skills,” Asbille sheepishly responded. Seeing the funny side of it all, Clarkson asked: “So did you freak out then when you had to start riding a horse?” “It’s movie magic,” Asbille admitted. “Thank god for our editor and I have an amazing stunt double.” Delving further, she added: “But no, I mean we have the best horse wranglers and horse trainers around. “I’m terrible at riding a horse but it’s a nice thing to go and do on your day off.” Clarkson agreed: “Oh, it’s beautiful, they’re such majestic animals.” While she may not have been a natural in the saddle, Yellowstone boss Taylor Sheridan does still require Asbille to be on horseback for a number of scenes - something Clarkson was keen to learn more about. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5 theory: Summer released from jail after star clueKelly Reilly accent: What is Yellowstone Beth Dutton's real accent?Yellowstone season 5: John 'confirmed' as Governor after filming clue “So with your skills in real life, when you get on you don’t feel terrified? Like memorising your lines (as well)?” she probed. “Yeah, it’s really wild,” Asbille answered. “Because you do, you have to hit your mark with your horse, it’s totally insane.” “It’s like a choreography,” Clarkson interjected before Asbille explained how she did train for the sequences. The Monica Dutton star said: “It’s funny because the trainer that I work with is just wonderful. “What she does for her kids who she’s training, she actually puts them on the horse in front of her. “And I said, ‘Honey, let’s do that! I know I’m 30 years old but I’ll ride in with you and learn how to do this thing’.” Asbille will be returning for the fifth season of Yellowstone when it premieres in November, so fans will have to keep their eyes peeled to see if any more horse-riding is coming her way. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. Seasons 1-4 will be available to stream on Paramount+ when it launches in the UK later this year.