She became so besotted with the charms of her idea of shipping (actually flying) would-be immigrants to the UK off to Rwanda that the mere impracticalities escaped her. Now half the media have succumbed to the same intoxication. It is hard to find a single costing of the scheme anywhere. I see no mention of the team of British civil servants who have to be shipped out there to do the processing or are we to leave that to the Rwandan jobsworths? Are we to have a dedicated fleet of airliners for the consignments or shove the immigrants into the seats beside the poor mutts who have paid full fare and were hoping to get to Kigali without an onboard riot? Not that it matters for the moment because the first flight has been grounded anyway. The authority behind the grounding of the inaugural airliner and its half dozen immigrants who is not the EU as I have seen alleged, but the European Court of Human Rights, which is based in Strasbourg and has nothing to do with Brussels. Britain signed up to the ECHR years before the Treaty of Rome and the Treaty of Lisbon. Now the spectre is raised of the UK abandoning the European Charter of Human Rights (the treaty behind the court) and the usual ill-informed wails arise that if we did that we would be left without any human or civil rights. Utter poppycock. Let's be clear on this. It was the UK that led Europe to human rights, not the other way round. As usual the luvvies are mired in ignorance. We passed the Bill of Rights in 1689. A hundred years later the French was still chopping off heads without a trial. The whole continent was ruled by dictators, tyrants, despot and occasionally monsters. Germany got human rights after 1945 when we crushed Adolf Hitler. Portugal with the death of Salazar in 1968. Spain after Franco in 1973. Italy following Mussolini in 1944. All Central and Eastern Europe was under Communist dictatorship until liberation and democratisation in or about 1990. Every country on the continent, freed at least from centuries of tyranny, looked to the UK as the role model. If we now departed from the ECHR we would simply be able to define and administrator our own human rights rather than do what we are told by a court in Strasbourg that over rules our own Supreme Court. As usual, it would be refreshing if Mr and Mrs Woke-Luvvie could get their facts right. Another scandal exposed by a search through obscure statistics. Home Office figures revealed almost half the burglaries committed in the UK are not investigated, let alone solved and the thief brought to court. Over the past six years there have been a million of them. These are not just unsolved - they are not even investigated. Now Minister Kit Malthouse demands an explanation If our knock-kneed police chiefs are prepared to stand up for what was once the Force, they will tell him. About half of police on-duty hours are spent form-filling and trying to abide by the myriad rules and regulations that make policing a politically-correct, wokeists, nightmare. These are imposed by the Home Office. As with just about all aspects of British life, bureaucracy rules the roost. So away you go, Mr Malthouse. Get stuck in and give us our faithful CID back. Football in this country is not just a national favourite sport but a total obsession. It dominates the last 10 pages of any newspaper and hundreds of hours of TV screen time. It generates fees and salaries that make Elon Musk look rather hard done by on the pocket money front. The weekly pay of a major league player is bewildering. On all the above you might suppose that at international level we are pretty good at it. Prepare to be disappointed. Not only are half our top teams composed of foreigners but every time a purely national team meets a foreign one we seem to get mashed. Yet the half-wits who infest our TV screens are almost unanimous in implying that rugby and cricket cannot match the excitement of football and that cricket is simply "boring". They should've been watching the England - New Zealand nerve-shredder of 11 days ago. The tension of the match apart, the sheer good nature of the exchanges between the rival players on the pitch was a pleasure to watch. The Kiwis had set up a staggering score, one that seemed England could never match, let alone supersede. Yet in a last edge-of-the-seat day at the wicket the gap was closed thanks mainly to Jonny Bairstow, who hit his opponents for seven sixes and scored 136 runs in the innings of a lifetime to bequeath the relatively simple task of finishing the job to his skipper Ben Stokes. It was a glorious and almost unbelievable victory. That was the second test, at Trent Bridge. If the final match of the series underway at Headingly begins to match the first two, it will already be a summer for the cricket record books for years to come. The French Napoleon Bonaparte Mark Two has just met his Waterloo, not at the hands of an English duke but those of the French voter. Emmanuel Macron has lost by a mile any chance of dominating the French parliament and now becomes a lame-duck president. They have these in America but only for the few weeks covering a presidential change over. Under the French constitution Macron's impotence will last his full five years in office. Technically he can still steer his law programme through the Chamber of Deputies (parliament) but only with an alliance with either of the two MP-blocks that now control the house. Unfortunately, one is hard-right, the other hard left. Chaos beckons. As a major mover and shaker in the EU, France's star must now wane for half a decade. And the leader of the leftist bloc, the NUPES, is a staunch Euro-sceptic. Oh, dear.