Richard Madeley has been sitting alongside presenter Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain for months but as of late, he has been seen less frequently on the breakfast show. ITV fans have been left wondering what is the reason for his absence as other hosts have been stepping into his role more and more. The 66-year-old has recently opened up on his whereabouts and his future on Good Morning Britain.  Actor, comedian and presenter Adil Ray filled in for Richard on Friday, June 24, on GMB. The former Citizen Khan actor confirmed this wasn't a one-off last week but gave no insight as to why he had taken over presenting duties. Viewers who have tuned in today [Monday, June 27] saw that this was the case as he was once again back with Susanna to host the news programme. There was also no explanation given as to why he was taking over from Richard. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts to face deadly exit   Richard has been honest about his part on GMB, stating that he is currently on a short contract. So despite appearing most mornings, he hasn't yet been made the series' official co-host. Previously opening up on Sunday Brunch, Richard explained: "Since Piers [Morgan] left, as you know, his chair has been a kind of rotating gig and all sorts of presenters have come in and done it. “It is true that of late I’ve kind of risen to the top of that pile I suppose." Richard continued: “But I don’t know for how long as I’m on quite a short contract. “I don’t know what’s going to happen. I’ve got quite a big break in the summer, I’m going to France and then I’ll be back quite a lot in the autumn. “But as for next year I have no idea and that’s fine for me. I’m not chasing it, you know. "If they turn around and say ‘We’re relaunching the programme and thanks Richard for all the fish but we’re going to use so and so,’ that would be fine with me.” DON'T MISS...Clint Eastwood health: Star's proven anti-anxiety trick [HEALTH]BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [REACTION]Richard Madeley admitted to ‘about ten’ affairs before marital bliss [CAST]  Presenter and journalist Piers Morgan left GMB after six years in March 2021 after an explosive onscreen row. He was at loggerheads with weatherman Alex Beresford over their opinions on Meghan Markle's interview with Oprah Winfrey. Piers has been very outspoken regarding the Duchess of Sussex and was critical of some of the revelations in the interview. Alex went on to state that he was only attacking Meghan as she "cut" Piers out of her life when she started dating Prince Harry. This led to Piers walking off set and later quitting the show as he refused to apologise for his remarks about the royals.   Piers has since launched his very own talk show entitled Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV. Viewers can listen to his take on global events, the host having fiery debates and straight-talking interviews with some of the world's leading figures and stars. Some of his interviewees so far have included former President Donald Trump, Martina Navratilova, Caitlyn Jenner and Tyson Fury. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. 