Their formula for the perfect tipple also requires tonic from a single-helping glass bottle or can - it loses its fizz if kept in plastic - poured at 5C into the balloon-shaped stemmed goblet which is chilled to -4C. The best time to enjoy your ideal G&T is when it's 21C (70F) - but finish it within 30 minutes before too much ice melts. Food scientist Natalie Alibrandi ran tests for spirits company Quintessential Brands to come up with the best possible cocktail. Her experiments found the ideal capacity of the glass was 500ml to 800ml. The rim diameter should be 75mm to 95mm with a 9.5cm to 12.5cm stem to slow the melting the ice in drinkers' hands. Ms Alibrandi said: "The balloon shape allows botanical aromas and vapours to be contained within the glass, for a more aromatic drinking experience for palate and nose." Regular rectangular ice has a large surface area so melts too quickly. Ms Alibrandi said fresh-frozen ice gave "the best G&T taste - and the more ice cubes the better, allowing a slower melt with less likelihood of dilution". And the optimal ice shape is crescent, which "keeps its shape longer and melts slower". Like the ice, the gin bottle should be used straight from the freezer. Ms Alibrandi added: "A cold beverage numbs the taste buds and creates a smoother tasting alcohol rather than having a sharp bite at the aftertaste." She advises not scrimping on tonic: "The higher the quality, the better. By opting for tonic water with a carbonation level of 4.5 it will have prolonged stability, allowing you to enjoy your G&T for longer. "Never stir more than twice or else you run the risk of your drink losing its fizz." Rather than adding lime, Ms Alibrandi said her tests found gin's terpenoid compounds - responsible for its complex flavour - "were best complemented by the unusual garnish combination of mango and pine". If all that effort getting your gin off to a T makes you hungry, a floral or fruity gin goes best with a citrus dessert while a spiced version is ideally paired with salmon or a herby pasta dish - strong, smoky cheese is the best snack with a London dry gin.