Boos were heard from a section of England fans during the Hungarian national anthem prior to the Nations League clash at Molineux on Tuesday. They came in response to Hungary fans taking objection to the England players taking the knee before Gareth Southgate's side suffered a 1-0 defeat in Budapest earlier this month.  Despite having to play behind closed doors against England earlier this month, over 30,000 people, mainly schoolchildren, were allowed inside the Puskas Arena for the opening Nations League fixture as UEFA rules allow for an unlimited number of under-14s to attend games behind closed doors, as long as they are accompanied by an adult. Southgate suggested that the booing in Hungary could be "inherited thinking", as the 51-year-old admitted he could not understand the reaction by Hungarian fans. "They were waving when we were walking out to warm up," the England boss said. "I thought there were sort of pantomime boos when our team came out to warm up. "That was different with the taking of a knee but that felt like inherited thinking to me. We do it to try to educate and I think young people can only be influenced by older people. I have no idea why people would choose to boo that gesture and very often young people can't know why they're doing it so they're being influenced by older adults - everyone knows what we believe and what we stand for. "What I would say is, I hear that still in our stadiums as well. That's why we do it and continue to take that stand and we will keep doing that as a team."  England went 1-0 down in the 15th minute when Roland Sallai slammed the ball past Aaron Ramsdale after John Stones mis-cued his header. Hungary doubled their lead in the 69th minute when Martin Allen took the ball off Kalvin Phillips and laid the ball on for Sallai to grab his second of the game. A third Hungary goal came ten minutes later when a loose ball dropped to Zsolt Nagy who drove a shot from 25 yards into the back of the net. Stones was then shown a second yellow card for a foul on Daniel Gazdag. In a dismal night for the Three Lions, Hungary got their fourth when Gazdag latched onto a through ball and finished past Ramsdale. As Southgate subbed Bukayo Saka off for Harry Maguire there were chants of "You don't know what you're doing" directed towards Southgate, as England sit bottom of their Nations League group without a win from their four games and are yet to score a goal from open play. 