Daniel, The Black Belt Barrister, provides free legal guidance on this YouTube channel where he boasts more than 180,000 subscribers and almost 28million views. He uses his channel to inform the public about a number of legal issues, including driving laws and offences. Daniel discussed a "shockingly common prosecution" with Express.co.uk, one which could see someone given a life sentence. He explained: "A shockingly common prosecution is taking points for someone else. "This is probably the most common instance for the prosecution of perjury - i.e. perverting the course of natural justice." Taking points for someone else means claiming fault for a driving offence and allowing their punishment to be reflected on your license. It may seem like a selfless thing to do, but it is illegal and could not only see you jailed but the person whose points you took too. Daniel went on: "It is not an innocent and routine thing. "Police are very alive to this practice and come down hard on it." READ MORE: Hidden features in your car you never knew existed from ice scrapers to umbrellas Amazingly, one in five drivers has admitted to taking penalty points for someone else, according to research. This constitutes a huge 19 percent of drivers. Men are more likely to take points for someone else, with 28 percent of men having done it compared to the 10 percent of women who reported they had. Almost half of the incidents involved people taking points for their partner, often so as not to affect their insurance or to prevent someone from losing their license. Readers may remember the case of former cabinet minister Chris Huhne and ex-wife Vicky Pryce. In 2013 both were given eight-month sentences after Pryce took three points on her husband's behalf. DON'T MISS‘Shocking’ amount of money petrol stations make from fuel [INSIGHT] Furious drivers appalled by Government scrapping of EV grant [ANGER] More than a third of UK drivers admit regularly speeding [DATA] Remember to always seek formal legal advice. Convictions for driving offences are going up in the UK. The number of prosecutions rose by 22 percent last year. This is more than a fifth, according to the analysis of Home Office data. Around 565,000 drivers were successfully prosecuted in 2021. Convictions for speeding rose by 24 percent, and this was the most common reason for a court appearance due to a driving offence in 2021. Speeding This will get you a £100 fine and three points on your license if you are 45 percent over the spped limit. For minor offences drivers may be offered a lower penalty if they take a speed awareness course. Using your mobile phone behind the wheel This can result in a £200 roadside fine and six penalty points. You could also be taken to court and face a driving ban and a fine of up to £1,000. Careless driving This incurs a £100 on-the-spot fine and three penalty points. If drivers face court they could see fines of up to £2,500 and disqualification from driving. In very serious cases judges can issue unlimited fines, driving bans, or a prison sentence of up to 14 years. Drink driving If drivers are confirmed to be over the limit by the police then they can be disqualified from driving, face an unlimited fine, and six months in jail. If someone is in a crash and found by a police test to be over the limit they can be sent to prison for up to 14 years. Driving without insurance This crime sees drivers face a £300 on-the-spot fine and six penalty points. Cars can be seized by police and drivers can be banned from the roads or face an unlimited fine. Driving without an MOT If you don't have an MOT then you can get a £100 roadside fine without points on your license, provided your car is roadworthy. If not you can face a fine and three points for each fault with the vehicle. Severe cases can go to court where a £1,000 fine can be issued.