Erik ten Hag is keen to bring Lisandro Martinez to Manchester United and has made the Ajax star his top target this summer, according to reports. However, Ajax's expectation of his £44million asking price being met in full could prove to be an obstacle. The new United boss is set to step up his efforts to reunite with Martinez at the Premier League club after failing to land his team-mate Jurrien Timber. But the potential move will not be straightforward with stiff competition from big-spending Arsenal. The Gunners have already had two bids rejected by the Eredivisie giants, believed to be in the region of around €40million (£34m), showing their eagerness to clinch a deal. But 90Min report that United are hoping to leapfrog their rivals in the race to sign the 24-year-old. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag 'performs Martinez U-turn’ as Arsenal details arise Martinez is keen to try his luck in the Premier League but so far, Ajax are holding firm on their €50m (£44m) valuation. And while Arsenal are keen to bring down the fee as much as possible with the signings of Fabio Vieira and Gabriel Jesus costing £80m, such a transfer would not be a problem for a club of United’s wealth. However, the club are yet to make an official offer to the Amsterdam outfit and United may need to fast-track the timeline on their move to avoid missing out on Martinez, with Arsenal planning a third bid of around £40m to test Ajax's resolve. The Dutchman is yet to make a signing since taking over at Old Trafford but is interested in bringing over the central defender from his former club Ajax, with deals for Tyrell Malacia and Frankie de Jong progressing. Malacia, 20, is poised to become his first signing in a £13m deal from Feyenoord after the club beat Lyon to his signature. DON'T MISSMan Utd fail in bid to sign De Jong £75m-rated partner in crimeMan Utd look set to sign another Sancho for Ten Hag within daysDe Jong transfer stand-off could force Ten Hag to involve Man Utd star Talks are still ongoing for De Jong but it is understood the initial fee to be paid to Barcelona has been agreed at around £65m. The remaining issues to be ironed out related to what fee United will pay in add-ons and personal terms with the Netherlands midfielder. The 52-year-old, who replaced Ralf Rangnick in the summer after his brief stint as interim coach, has laid out plans to make new signings during his first press conference as United boss. But while he hopes to bring in some fresh faces, he has made it clear that the current squad should be performing better after finishing second in the table in 2020-21. Ten Hag welcomed back his squad to pre-season training on June 27 before their pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia in mid-July. And it remains a possibility that Martinez, along with De Jong and Malacia, could be on the plane kitted in United colours in time for the lucrative trip.