The then Chancellor of the Exchequer visited the Russian President in the Kremlin, however, as Russian President Vladimir Putin put him in a low seat so he looked up to him. In a spine chilling move, the former KGB agent also took out a pack of cards and read out information about Mr Brown.  The threatening experience left the New Labour heavyweight with "no illusions" about the Russian President. He told the Telegraph: "I first met Putin in 2006 at the Kremlin, when I was still Chancellor…and I was put in a very low seat so that I was looking up at him. "Anyway, that day he took out these index cards, and proceeded to read out all this information he had about me, as though he wanted to prove that he knew more about me than I knew about myself. "So when people say that Putin’s changed and is only now threatening, I can tell you that he was threatening me even then."  Mr Brown also blasted the 150 countries who failed to impose sanctions on Russia after the invasion of Ukraine. The former Prime Minister told Sophie Raworth on the BBC's Sunday Morning show that there had been "global disunity". He said: "I applaud NATO unity but there is a problem with coordinating sanctions where some countries are not prepared to do it. "What we've also seen is global disunity - 82 countries refuse to support the action against Russia for its breach of human liberties, 150 countries around the world are not imposing sanctions, so we have global disunity. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Remainers' number one argument for rejoining torn apart  "One of the reasons is we have not shown people that globalisation, which is led by the West, is working to reduce poverty, raise living standards and of course, deal with climate change in the poorer countries and really have to honour our promises. "Two billion people remain unvaccinated despite the fact we have 24 billion vaccines being produced this year. "And of course climate change promises to Africa have not been met." It comes as MI5 have revealed that dozens of Russian spies could be active in Britain as a result of the war in Ukraine. DON'T MISS:  'Breaking own law' EU shoots itself in foot with 'posturing' threats [REVEAL] Walmart travels to London to scout business partners in snub to EU  [INSIGHT] Boris hails Brexit Britain for boosting relationship with Commonwealth [SPOTLIGHT]  A senior intelligence insider told The Daily Mirror that it was likely that Russia had agents in all sections of British society. This includes top public schools, the civil service and Parliament. They said: "We have to assume Russia is now active at all levels of British society. "They scoop up all forms of intelligence and pass it back to the Kremlin through handlers." 