Manchester United have suffered yet another transfer market failure after the Red Devils failed to sign Ruben Neves. The Portugal international had been seen as a potential partner for Frenkie de Jong in United's new-look midfield under Erik ten Hag. Neves has long been eyed as a target by United following his impressive performances for Wolves in the Premier League. And he had appeared to open the door to a potential exit this summer at the end of last season, following five years at Molineux. But according to The Sun, that door has now been slammed shut, with Wolves looking like they have won the battle to keep him. United were among the clubs interested in signing Neves, but Wolves' £75million price tag for their star midfielder sank any prospect of a deal. Arsenal and Barcelona are also said to have been shown interest in the 25-year-old, but all three potential suitors believed his worth to be closer to £45m. With no team apparently willing to pay Wolves' price, it means Neves is highly likely to stay in the Midlands. READ MORE: Henry insisted Martial was "exactly" like him as Man Utd exit expected His contract still has another two years to run, creating the prospect that Wolves may be forced to sell him next summer. But for another season at least, it appears that he will be turning out at Molineux. It is another blow for United boss Ten Hag, who has seen his new club struggle to bring in any of his primary targets so far this summer, with a move for De Jong dragging on. But Wolves boss Bruno Lage will certainly be happy to see Neves stay, having made no secret of his love for the midfielder. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'make Ajax request' in response to fresh Arsenal Martinez bid (NEWS)Man Utd have four ways of persuading De Jong after huge bombshell (INSIGHT)De Jong transfer stand-off could force Ten Hag to involve Man Utd star (ANALYSIS) “It is so hard to find players like this, Ruben is one of them. He has worked hard since the first day. We know how the market is and when these kind of players are in a good way some teams can appear and pay," Lage said in May. "The club have lost players before but last year it was the same, everyone talked about Ruben and nothing appeared. I want the best for Ruben and I want the best for the club. If Ruben stays I will be very happy.”