The comment comes as the disgraced Duke of York's appearance on Garter Day, one of the most colourful events in the royal calendar, was limited to a behind-the-scenes lunch and investiture ceremony. The Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge reportedly lobbied the Queen over his participation. The monarchy made a "family decision" to limit the Duke of York's appearance with a Buckingham Palace spokesman saying on Monday: "The Duke of York will attend the investiture and lunch today but will not be part of the procession or service." It has been widely reported Andrew wants to return to something approaching his former status as a working member of the royal family. The Duke took a lower profile role within the royal family after Virginia Giuffre, who was trafficked by billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein, accused him of sexually assaulting her when she was 17. Andrew repeatedly and strenuously denied the claims and he was not convicted of any offence. He did, however, agree to pay an out-of-court settlement, which was not an admission of guilt.    In response to Andrew's reported wish to return to his former standing, Dickie Arbiter, tweeted: "Prince Andrew wanting to return to duty and his titles back is suffering from that great British malaise of 'entitlement'." The Queen's former press secretary added: "He'd do well to learn 1963 when War Minister John Profumo fell on his sword and volunteered to work tirelessly, without fanfare, for the charity Toynbee Hall." A former Secretary of State for War, Mr Profumo's career ended in 1963 after a sexual relationship with the model Christine Keeler in 1961. The scandal became known as the Profumo Affair and led to his resignation from then Prime Minister Harold Macmillan's Conservative Government.   READ MORE ABOUT AN ENERGY GURU'S LOG BURNER WARNING Soon after he resigned, Mr Profumo was invited to work as a volunteer at the east London charity Toynbee Hall. He continued to work there for the rest of his life and became Toynbee Hall's chief fundraiser. The Duke of York's reputation has been tarnished by his involvement in the US civil sexual assault case. Ahead of his settlement of the US civil case, the Queen stripped Andrew of his honorary military roles, including Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, which is one of Britain's most senior infantry regiments.   DON'T MISS: Smoke rises from Smurfit Kappa plant as tons of cardboard on fire [REPORT] Manchester city centre street locked down by police after incident [REVEALED] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow' [LATEST] He has also lost his title as royal colonel of the Royal Highland Fusiliers, Commodore in Chief of the Fleet Air Arm and Colonel-in-chief of the Yorkshire Regiment. Andrew has also given up his HRH title.  The Telegraph quoted an unnamed source on Sunday as saying: "The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. "Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. "Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and 'Prince of the Blood' and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected." At the memorial service for Prince Philip in March, the Queen appeared to signal her support for Andrew by arriving with him at Westminster Abbey.  Andrew provided a steady arm for the Queen as she walked into the abbey to honour the her husband's life. Since then there has been speculation senior members of the royal family did not approve of his appearance. It would appear the Queen has acknowledged their concerns regarding Garter Day, which takes place at Windsor Castle. 