Columnist Tony Parsons insisted the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are living in California after quitting the monarchy in 2020, "need the Royal Family far more than the royals need them". Mr Parsons said Prince William and his younger brother "could not be on more different paths". The commentator highlighted William's future role as King, while Harry is pursuing personal and financial freedom in the US. Writing for The Sun, Mr Parsons said: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex — still clinging to their titles in that California sunshine — now need the Royal Family far more than the royals need them. "When the brothers were growing up, they were inseparable — in life and in our national ­consciousness. "But it is now clear that the heir and the spare could not be on more different paths. "Harry must keep his American paymasters at Netflix, Spotify and the rest happy. "While William’s life leads to one destination — the Crown." Harry and Meghan travelled back to Britain for the recent Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. However, the Sussexes were absent from many of the festivities. READ MORE: Royal Family: Harry irrelevant! William's 'brutal' Megxit verdict  They made their first public appearance alongside the Windors in two years at the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. But their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in royal status. They were in the second row as working royals filled the front-row seats. Harry and Meghan were also far across the aisle from Prince Charles, Camilla, William and Kate. DON'T MISSKate and William's latest move is a 'slapdown' to Meghan and Harry [VIDEO]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'hoping for Balmoral holiday invite' [INSIGHT]Royal Family would be ‘foolish’ to reconcile with Meghan and Harry [ANALYSIS] There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his older brother, who have long faced a rift, or with his father, who he also has a troubled relationship with. Just over a year ago, the Sussexes made a series of explosive claims about the Royal Family in their Oprah Winfrey interview. Harry and Meghan did not join other royals at the Guildhall reception after the service of thanksgiving. The couple, who quit as working members of the Royal Family in March 2020, stayed at their former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage while in the UK.