Watering is one of the most important parts of maintaining a garden. It's essential for maintaining a healthy, green garden, and it should be one of the first jobs on your daily to-do list. It's therefore crucial to know when your garden needs more water. All plants need plenty of water to make sure they grow properly. During the summer months, your garden might become your ideal oasis for relaxation - and maybe even a spot of sunbathing. But while the warm temperatures are ideal for catching a tan, they can wreak havoc on your plants. It's vital that gardeners look out for any warning signs that their plants need more frequent watering. READ MORE: How to avoid ‘killing’ tomato plants and ‘encourage fruit production’ The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) said: "Watering is key to growing plants well. "This not only means providing the water our gardens need, but using it wisely. "Water is a precious resource, and supplies in the UK are under pressure from the effects of climate change, population increase and the need to protect the environment, such as river levels for wildlife. "There is no simple rule of thumb for watering as each plant has different needs - for example, a container plant in hot sunny weather may need watering daily, whereas a mature shrub might only need a drink in extreme drought." DON'T MISS‘Essential’ tips to preserve supermarket basil - ‘thrives for months’ [TIPS]Lawn: Common causes of ‘patchy’ grass and how to revive it [ANALYSIS]‘Handy’ way to water houseplants ‘for up to two weeks’ [NEWS] When you come to watering your plants, it's vital you use the optimum type of water. If you have the capability, it's always a good idea to store rainwater for watering. It's a purer type of water than tapwater, making it an ideal drink for your garden. Tapwater might contain more minerals than your plants actually need, which might have a negative effect, according to the Royal Horticultural Society. While the type of water you use is important, it's also crucial to avoid watering your plants in the middle of the day. It's best to water the garden in the early evening when the weather is hot and breezy. That gives the plants plenty of time to dry out, but allowing for some overnight uptake. If you'd rather do the watering in the morning, then you'll have to get up before sunrise.