Princess Charlotte joined mum Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, brothers George and Louis, and step-grandmother Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall in a royal carriage on their way to the Trooping the Colour event. During the journey in the carriage, the young royal appeared "transfixed" by the royal Guards. She could be seen admiring the soldiers as the open carriage passed them by on the way to Horse Guards Parade. In footage of the event clip, Princess Charlotte can be seen sitting in the carriage alongside her brothers. During the ride, Charlotte was spotted looking at the guards, appearing "transfixed" as the royal carriage makes it way down the Mall. @Treggie said: "All the children look beautiful". @Gothloretta added: "Lovely to see them all". READ MORE: Queen 'flawless' in rare glimpse at hidden side of the monarch 'very few people' know The 2022 Trooping the Colour parade marks the first time the Cambridge children joined the carriage procession with other senior royal members. The royal trio could be seen, in separate footage, enthusiastically waving at royal supporters. In 2019, the three Cambridge children joined Kate, Prince William and the Queen on the Buckingham Palace's balcony. Over the past year, George, Charlotte, and Louis have increasingly appeared at a number of royal events with their parents. For this year's Easter celebrations, the two eldest Cambridge children attended the traditional service at Windsor's St George's Chapel with their parents. READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor sparks frenzy as she joins Sophie in carriage Prince George and Princess Charlotte also appeared at a special thanksgiving service in honour of their great-grandfather Prince Philip. They appeared with the rest of the Royal Family at the service which was held a year after Philip's death. Although Louis has attended fewer events than his elder siblings, he was previously seen at a charity pantomime at the London Palladium. DON'T MISS This event was attended by all five of the family. In 1987, Prince William made his carriage debut, just weeks shy of his fifth birthday. Prince Harry was also four-years-old when he made his first Trooping the Colour carriage ride, joining his brother, mom, and great-grandmother in an open-top carriage.