Mr Cummings took to Twitter slam Government ministers - he called Liz Truss as “mad as a box of snakes” and compared Boris Johnson to a character from the popular sit-com The Office. He also took aim at Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, who he called “Wally”. Mr Cummings said: “[Boris Johnson babbling like David Brent about women/Putin.” “[Ben Wallace or] 'Wally', as he's known in the MoD, babbling about small woman syndrome. “Mad-as-a-box-of-snakes human hand grenade, [Liz Truss], defining victory as UKR retaking Crimea. “With all the people at our disposal, our political system generates this…”  David Brent is the fictional character played by Ricki Gervais in the sitcom The Office. He is known for making absurd and inappropriate remarks that make his co-workers uncomfortable. The comments come after Prime Minister Boris Johnson claimed that Vladimir Putin would never have invaded Ukraine starting a “macho war” if he were a woman. The Prime Minister said: "You need more women in positions of power. "If Putin was a woman, which he obviously isn't, but if he were, I really don't think he would've embarked on a crazy, macho war of invasion and violence in the way that he has. If you want a perfect example of toxic masculinity, it's what he's doing in Ukraine." READ MORE: 'USA has enough problems' without Sussexes's 'rift' with royals  Ben Wallace echoed the sentiment and told LBC Radio that he thought Putin had “small man syndrome”. He said: “You rarely hear the phrase small woman syndrome, you always hear small man syndrome. I think he’s certainly got it in spades.” However, he disagreed with the theory that women were less likely to start wars, pointing out Russian spokeswoman for the Russian foreign ministry Maria Zakharova’s dangerous rhetoric. He said: “She’s like a comedy turn. She does her statement every week, threatening to nuke everyone or doing something or another. She’s definitely a woman...She’s a lunatic like [Putin] is, so I’ll leave it at that.” Mr Cummings also took aim at Foreign Secretary who he called “mad as a box of snakes” and “a human hand grenade”.  DON'T MISS:Plan to tackle illegal immigration 'WILL fail because of May' [ANALYSIS]When to prune honeysuckle - three key timings for ‘romantic’ climbers [INSIGHT]Airline strikes 2022: Full list of strike action taking place [REPORT] Ms Truss was criticised earlier this year for saying Western allies must “double down” to help “push Russia out of the whole of Ukraine”. The comment was seen to refer to areas including Crimea and the parts of Donetsk and Luhansk occupied by Russia since 2014. Mr Cummings, one of the masterminds of Brexit, was a close ally of Boris Johnson until he was ousted as a top advisor for supposedly briefing against the Prime Minister. He has since become a vocal critic of the Government and regularly uses his platform to pick apart or poke fun at Government policies. 