Weather maps are turning red from Tuesday, with the hottest day of the week expected to fall on a Thursday. The warm weather comes as hot air travels up across Europe from Africa. The Met Office is predicting “plenty of warm sunshine” across much of the south for large swathes of the week, with outbreaks of drizzle in places. In the south, mercury is expected to hit 26 degrees on Tuesday, with most of England set to enjoy temperatures in the low twenties. On Wednesday, London and the south-east will see highs of 26 degrees by 6pm, with most of England and Wales turning red. However, come Thursday and most of the country will be feeling the Saharan heat with 29 degrees expected in the south. READ MORE: UK hot weather: Britain warned 'major heatwave' to strike in days North-east Scotland will see highs of 24 degrees and Wales low-to-mid twenties, according to Netweather predictions. Today (Sunday), milder conditions are expected with highs of 20 degrees in the south of England. Last week, the warm air rising from Africa was responsible for the breaking the record for the earliest hottest day of the year for a third time in a row. On Friday, the nation sweltered in temperatures in excess of 30 degrees, prompting the Met Office to issue a heat warning. A high of 32.7 degrees was recorded by meteorologists on Suffolk, beating Thursday’s peak of 29.5 degrees in Northolt, west London. It means that Britain was temporarily hotter than Mexico. The heatwave has already broken 40 degrees in western Europe, with Spain battling to tackle wildfires caused by the arid conditions. Ian Simpson, a Netweather forecaster, said: “After some unusual, though not quite record-breaking, heat in parts of the UK yesterday, temperatures over the coming week are set to be much closer to the seasonal average. DON'T MISSGrant Shapps condemns train strikes as 'big mistake' [INTERVIEW]BBC Weather: Soaring UK temperatures return within days [FORECAST]Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed' [VIDEO] “With a ridge of high pressure often covering the British Isles, there will be a fair amount of dry sunny weather during this coming week for much of the country.” Today will see a mostly cloudy day for England and south Wales, as well as some showers in Scotland. However, come Monday, Mr Simpson anticipates that “dry sunny weather will be widespread”, continuing into Wednesday, with “only the north of Scotland staying generally cloudy”. He noted there may be “potential for cloud and [some] occasional rain” in northern England and parts of Scotland on Tuesday, which could move south. Just as the rest of Europe is expected to start to cool, the UK will be warming up – with clear skies and warm sunshine expected for the remainder of the week. Those looking to make the most of the weather next weekend will have to contend with occasional showers in between bright, sunny spells. But, the Met Office predicts that conditions are “looking to become largely fine and dry by the start of July as high pressure builds”.