In 1996 Prince Charles read a poem to the Queen Mother at Christmas that had been privately written for her by poet laureate Ted Hughes, who was also a close personal friend of hers. Its existence was first revealed last decade, when a book of the Queen Mother’s correspondence was published showing her mentioning the poem in a thank you letter sent to Mr Hughes in February 1997.  Now for the first time lines from the poem have been made public, after his widow Carol Hughes lent a handwritten draft copy to a museum in Dartmoor as part of a royal memorabilia exhibition. A photograph featuring Ted Hughes and the Queen Mother was also donated, showing them on the Balmoral estate in November 1998 six months before his death. The pair became good friends when he was poet laureate, sharing hobbies such as fishing and outdoor activities. The poem describes a day Mr Hughes spent with the Queen Mother and Prince Charles at the Sandringham Flower Show, before having a picnic in the woods with the corgis.  The title of the poem is The Day of the Sandringham Flower Show, reported The Times, who also published extracts from the verse. The first stanza begins: “Perfect gravel, a perfect sky./ Queen Mab’s coach not half so spry./ “Light as a flower and a butterfly/ Drawn by the powerful, elegant forces/ “Of two tall and pearly horses,/ On wheels that flicker as airily/  READ MORE: Ex-ambassador warns it’s ‘delusional’ to think Putin will end war “As a fountain’s spray and seeming to fly,/ The Prince and his Granny go floating by.” The poem then ends: “O, what a carpet of visions unrolled,/ Wherever the Prince and his Granny strolled!” The Ted Hughes Estate will not allow the full poem to be published in print, however, a copy can be seen at the Museum of Dartmoor Life until mid-September. Manager and curator Kristy Turner said: “It’s like a little window into the personal relationship he had with the Queen Mother, which makes it very special.”  DON'T MISS:Brexiteer says UK doesn't want lessons on human rights from EU [ANALYSIS]Police seal off huge area of Liverpool after 'double stabbing' [CRIME]Putin warned as Russian warship enters Denmark's waters [LATEST] In her thank you note to Mr Hughes, or her “dear Ted” as she referred to him, the Queen Mother wrote: “I wish that I could find the right words to be able to tell you how thrilled and delighted I was with the enchanting ‘The Prince and his Granny’. “First of all, the Prince read the verses to his Granny (very nicely) and since that happy occasion, the Granny has read them again and again. “You must have the most observant eye in the world!” 