Prince William and Kate Middleton have been married for over a decade. The couple have recently taken on more involved roles within the Royal Family, earning them praise from fans and royal experts alike. Speaking on the couple's marriage, it has been suggested by royal expert Ingrid Seward that Kate is the "power" behind William and that the Duchess plays an incredibly supportive and active role in William's life. Ms Seward discussed Kate's role with host Kate Thornton on the Royal Beat. Ms Seward said: "She [Kate] is the power behind William, I feel like. Referring to one of the guests talking about Heads Together, a campaign set up by the couple and Prince Harry, the royal expert said: "It was Catherine's idea". The royal expert added: "She's so clever that she implants ideas in William and lets him carry them out in his own way. "[But] she doesn't take the credit, which is quite remarkable". READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry offered 'big pay deal' for Jubilee interview She continued: "She has been the credit for a lot of things. Ms Seward praised the Duchess by stating that she "encourages" him and "pushes" him, before adding that Kate just "stands back". The couple met at the University of St Andrews in Scotland in 2001. They were very low-key about their relationship at the start. READ MORE: Prince Charles says it's OK to ditch monarchy in stunning Commonwealth speech The couple briefly parted ways in early 2007 but quickly rekindled their relationship. They got engaged in 2010 and their wedding, at Westminster Abbey, took place in April 2011. Their wedding was televised and watched by millions of people worldwide. DON'T MISS They have since welcomed three children. Their first son, Prince George was born in 2013. Their second child, and only daughter, Princess Charlotte was born in 2015. Their second son, Prince Louis, was born in 2018. Since joining The Firm, Kate has delved deep into her charity work and ensured the importance of family in her own life is used within her work. She focuses her charitable endeavours on children’s charities across the years and specialises in the well-being of children and early years development. READ NEXT: