On BBC’s Dirty Rotten Scammers, Sharon explained her situation and how she fell victim to this scam. She was alarmed when she received a text message from who she thought was her bank, alerting her to suspicious activity on her Amazon account. Filled with panic, Sharon immediately responded to the text saying ‘No’ to alert the bank that the transaction was not made by her. As soon as she replied, a woman called Sharon back to tell her that someone was trying to scam her and that her money is in a danger. “I was in a panic, my head wasn’t straight,” she said. Sharon had been scammed before so worried it could happen again. READ MORE: 'Racked in fear' - Man 'cried his eyes out' after hackers stole £18,000 in devious scam Thinking she was speaking to a representative from her bank, she did exactly what the scammer told her to do. The scammer wanted Sharon to send her money to a ‘safe account’ as her current account had been compromised twice now. Feeling she could trust the woman, Sharon moved all of her money into what she believed was a new account. In total Sharon transferred £4,000. She called her bank directly the next day to ask them when she would receiving her physical card however they told her she had been scammed. Sharon said: “I was in such a state. I couldn’t think, I was crying.” Sharon called Action Fraud immediately and had proof she was scammed. She had a camera in her kitchen which recorded the whole conversation with the scammer. Sharon had memorised the bank’s number so she was devastated when realising the number that called her was different to the banks She continued: “I feel ashamed. I didn’t eat for a week." The technique the scammers used against Sharon was called smishing. Smishing is a form of phishing that uses mobile phones as the attack platform. The criminal executes the attack with an intent to gather personal information, including social insurance and/or credit card numbers. When cybercriminals "phish," they send fraudulent emails that seek to trick the recipient into opening a malware-laden attachment or clicking on a malicious link. The show’s ethical hackers discovered that Sharon’s details had been involved in data breaches so her details were online. Britons are reminded to remain vigilant before clicking any links on text messages. Dirty Rotten Scammers continues tomorrow at 10am on BBC One.