Jessica Pegula has reached the French Open women’s doubles final alongside teenage sensation Coco Gauff. The duo defeated fellow Americans Madison Keys and Taylor Townsend on Friday to advance to the final. The winners of the women’s doubles will share around £495,000 ($620,000). However, world no 11 Pegula is clearly not in the sport for money as she will inherit the wealth of her father, the billionaire Terry Pegula. Pegula Jnr has enjoyed a successful career and recently surpassed her previous best ranking of 14th after reaching the Madrid Open singles final. She was beaten across three sets by Ons Jabeur. The 28-year-old has earned around £3.4m during her tennis career. But she will inherit the huge worth of father Terry, who is Forbes’ 434th richest man in the world having earned a fortune from oil, real estate and sporting investments, including owning the NFL team Buffalo Bills. That means Pegula could stand to inherit around £4.6bn. It would make her richer than some of sport’s biggest stars. Formula One drivers Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen are worth £400m and £50m, respectively, with the latter’s earnings elevating since his world championship success last year. Should she inherit the money, Pegula would also be richer than Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic combined. DON'T MISS...Emma Raducanu confirmed for Washington event for US Open defenceRafael Nadal leaves fans puzzled after using 'sawdust' at French OpenNadal downplays Grand Slam race as he makes Djokovic and Federer claim Federer has earned £106 million ($130,594,339) through tennis and has a net worth of around £446 million ($550 million), while Nadal has pocketed £104 million ($128,081,950) on court with an overall estimated net worth of £162 million ($220 million). The Big Three's combined net worth is £770m. And as well as Pegula’s family fortune and tennis earnings, she has also launched her own skincare business - Ready 24. Pegula lost to Iga Swiatek - who also defeated her doubles partner Gauff in the final - in the quarter-final of the singles draw at Roland-Garros. She said of the world no 1: "To be honest, she kind of plays like a guy. And, I mean that as, Ash was a similar way, where they don't play like a typical girl where they hit kind of flat and the ball kind of goes through the court. “She plays a little more unorthodox in the fact that she has, like, a really heavy forehand. But at the same time she also likes to step in and take it really early, and I think clay gives her more time, and I think it makes her forehand even harder to deal with."