Chiefs of the Silverstone F1 circuit are preparing an £8 million lawsuit following a disastrous track resurfacing back in 2018. The iconic British Grand Prix venue, which will host the next F1 race on Sunday, July 3, came to a deal with Aggregate Industries, who undertook the work four years ago.   The company were paid around £2 million to resurface the track, but their botched job could now end up costing them a lot more. At the time, many F1 drivers, most noticeably race winner Lewis Hamilton, were scathingly critical. "The people they hired did the worst job ever," the seven-time world champion said, via crash.net. "It's the bumpiest track I've ever experienced. It's bumpier than the Nordschleife, which is 100 years old. "It's rattling your freaking eyeballs out of your brain. Apart from that it's fantastic but jeez, they need to hire someone better. I don't know how you could do such a bad job in layering the track." JUST IN: George Russell slams rivals as he weighs in on Lewis Hamilton and Christian Horner row But that weekend paled into insignifance in comparison to what happened at the 2018 British MotoGP, a race marred by five crashes. One of the drivers involved, Spanish rider Tito Rabat, broke his leg in three places whilst out competing on the wet circuit in qualifying. The chaos led to the FIM - motorcycling’s governing body - revoking Silverstone’s licence, also casting doubt on the track’s F1 future. After losing the licence the famous track has reportedly lost £3.5 million in earnings, according to court papers. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton and George Russell sent frank warning by Mercedes engineerRed Bull fear Max Verstappen vs Charles Leclerc title fight may be decided in courtMichael Schumacher would tell Guenther Steiner 'where to go' claims Bernie Ecclestone Following the initial job, Silverstone bosses were forced to rectify matters ahead of the 2019 F1 Grand Prix, which was again won by Mercedes man Hamilton. This time, Tarmac Trading Ltd relaid the surface. The lost MotoGP round, the second resurfacing and additional lost profits, meant losses of around £8 million. Now track officials have compiled a legal case to sue Aggregate Industries for that amount.