Summer is a great time to repaint the exterior of your house - especially when the sunshine shows how discoloured and dirty the exterior of a property can be. Express.co.uk spoke to Jack Reading from Emperor Paint about the best colour for the outside of a house, and how to go about painting exterior walls that are several metres high. In terms of what colours are on-trend, Jack said: “At the moment we are seeing a huge rise in the popularity of white, off-white and light grey shades, which are by far the most popular colours. “We are also seeing a resurgence of pastels like pale pinks, which are increasing in popularity with people who want to bring character to their property.” As for the least popular colour choices, the expert revealed: “Mid-yellows and beige shades are the ones to avoid if you want to appeal to buyers. “People either want clean and modern or homely and rustic. “While beige can suit some large, rural properties, when used on terraced properties for example it can evoke a dated feel.” READ MORE: Home improvements: 4 changes that don’t require planning permission What many homeowners might not know, is colours look brighter in direct sunlight. This means you have to be careful when choosing a shade. Jack explained: “It all depends on the position of your property and the amount of light it gets. “Trees and other properties can also have an influence. “If you have south facing wall of a property, it will get a large amount of light. “If you have an exposed property (detached with no trees or obstructions) that will get a lot of light, going a shade darker can tone down the colour, eg. an off-white instead of a brilliant white.” So how often should homeowners paint the exterior of their homes? DON'T MISS...Costa Coffee announces FREE iced drinks - here’s how to claim [NEWS]Sophie Wessex's fast becoming Kate’s right hand woman - ‘trusted' [BODY LANGUAGE]Best way to store lettuce - fresh and crispy for 3 weeks [FOOD HACK] “The common thought in the UK, especially with the weathering that our houses have to endure is that you can expect to paint the outside of your home every three to five years,” Jack said. “The period between painting your home depends on the durability of the paint you have used and the quality of workmanship. “Putting time into ensuring you prepare the exterior walls properly before painting them is a sure fire way to extend the lifespan of your home’s exterior walls, and keep them looking beautiful. “Opting for a better quality masonry paint that has better waterproofing properties, breathability and durability will also prevent the need to have to repaint your walls every few years. “We often find the homeowners who opt for white masonry paint have a tendency to repaint this more often than those who use more earthy tones, as they can hide dirt and imperfections better than white.” For anyone considering painting the outside of their house, Jack recommends cleaning first. “You must clean any surface before you paint it, but especially exterior walls,” he commented. “They over time gather large amounts of dirt and organic growth, which if left on the wall can cause your paint to start peeling after a matter of months. “Not only should you remove dirt from the wall, you should also apply a fungicidal masonry cleaner that kills any fungal growth on the wall, ensuring there is nothing on the wall to compromise both the finish and the performance of the paint when you apply it.” As for how you go about painting the exterior, Jack said: “You can paint any exterior walled surface, whether it is render, brick, stone or concrete. “If you are painting a wall that has been previously painted, you can simply clean the surface down and apply your paint straight to the surface. “If you have a bare masonry surface such as brickwork, you must apply a primer before you paint it. “This helps the paint stick to the wall and also prevents the paint from soaking into the porous bricks. “Using a long-pile roller can help you paint exterior walls, as they have long fibres that help apply a large amount of paint to the larger surfaces like exterior walls. “These fibres also help to get the paint in all of the nooks and crannies on the exterior wall.” And if you are worried about the paint looking blotchy when it dries, Jack said: “Preventing a blotchy finish can be done by ensuring you follow a number of things. “Firstly, try to avoid painting it in direct sunlight as this can result in the paint drying too quickly, leaving an untidy finish. “Brushing and rolling the paint in the same direction can also help prevent a blotchy finish.” Emperor Paint offers two things; water repellent properties and high breathability. By repelling water and being highly breathable, Emperor Paint prevents moisture from entering the wall, preventing it from peeling. This is why it has a proven performance of 25 years, which is far higher than any other masonry paint.