This Morning cleaning expert Lynsey Crombie appeared on the ITV show with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield to share her methods for keeping flies at bay. Lynsey had conducted research into which hacks work for ousting flies from the home. Lynsey’s first hack was to have mint and basil plants in the kitchen. She said: “These are quite cheap, around 69p to £1, and are great to have on your window sill. “Obviously, if you cook with these or if you use mint in your drinks, it’s good and it’s there. “They hate this stuff. Flies hate really strong smells. READ MORE: How to stop grass turning yellow - 4 tips to keep lawn “If you try and put some bits in the window, it is going to help.” The cleaning expert also suggested using a small bowl or container of apple cider vinegar. Lynsey said she believed this method “works”. She suggested leaving a small dish out in the kitchen. “You’d only really have that out if you’ve got a problem,” she said. DON'T MISS‘Incredibly easy’ vegetables to grow on a balcony or patio [INSIGHT]‘Valuable’ kitchen essential to give gardens a boost without chemicals [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid ‘mildew and black spot’ on roses [ANALYSIS] “If you’ve got a pesky fly that you just can’t get rid of. “Rather than swatting it or using a vacuum, you could just put a dish in the kitchen and it will not like the smell.” The bowl or container could have a lid on it with holes. Using a sandwich bag or a small handled transparent bag, fill it with water and pop a penny into it. Put the bag where hanging baskets are or at the entrance of the home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lynsey explained how the hack works. She said: “The idea here is, the flies comes to the house, sees the coin which creates a rainbow effect, it gets dizzy like it’s drunk and just flies away.” Lynsey said having “good quality” bin bags and ensuring bins are clean will help. She suggested using bicarbonate of soda in the bin to absorb any unpleasant smells. The cleaning expert recommended using scented bin liners to help keep bins smelling fresh. To make a homemade fly deterrent, homeowners will need to mix together apple cider vinegar with essential oils and water in a spray bottle. Lynsey also suggested using diluted vodka. Having a fly net over the door will ensure fresh air can still circulate around the house while keeping flies at bay.  When putting food in the fridge, it’s important to ensure it’s covered and protected from flies. Make sure plastic lids are put on containers and any leftovers are stored in a sandwich bag. Candles like citronella candles can keep flies at bay while eating and entertaining outside. Homeowners will need to have a few candles out at once to feel the full effects. Lynsey also suggested using fly-deterring diffusers around the home. These leave a pleasant scent around the home while keeping flies at bay. This Morning is available to stream on the ITV Hub.