The Countess, 57, radiated elegance as she took her place in the royal box with her two children. They were seated with Princess Anne and her husband, Sir Timothy Laurence, in front of Princess Beatrice and the Phillips family. Sophie was spotted pointing something out to her children, as she took her seat.  The star-studded concert will be headlined by Diana Ross and George Ezra and includes performances from Queen, Eurovision runner-up Sam Ryder as well as Hans Zimmer. Around 22,000 people are thought to be attending in person, while millions more are expected to be watching on TV. The two-and-a-half-hour show will also feature Sir David Attenborough, David Beckham, and a recorded piece by Elton John. The Prince of Wales, 73, and Prince William, 39, will lead tributes to the monarch after she pulled out of her scheduled appearance at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday and Epsom Derby on Saturday. The musical extravaganza was kicked off in style by the famous British pop group Queen, with Adam Lambert on vocals.  Earlier on Saturday, the Earl and Countess of Wessex visited Northern Ireland where they attended a 1950s-themed celebration on Royal Avenue in Belfast. The couple also met groups of performers including the Belfast Busking Band, and heard stories of the city's diverse communities over the last 70 years. The Countess joined in with school children to make crowns and corgis, before viewing a showcase of fashion through the ages. They later went on to take part in more Jubilee celebrations in Bangor. READ MORE: Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex all smiles at Jubilee outing Sophie showed off her dancing skills when she took to the dance floor in the city's Platinum Ballroom. Prince Edward, meanwhile, headed to the bar, where he pulled a pint in a 1950s-themed bar. The Mayor of Ards and North Down, Councillor Karen Douglas said Bangor was honoured to host the couple. DON'T MISS Sophie Wessex beams in £206 Me + Em dress as she arrives in Belfast [REVEAL]Sophie Wessex amazes in pale pink dress for St Paul’s Cathedral [NEWS]Sophie Wessex amazes in pale pink dress for St Paul’s Cathedral [SPOTLIGHT] She said: "The Earl and Countess were pleased to be able to speak to some of the many people who were out enjoying the event. "I wish them, the Royal Family and most of all Her Majesty the Queen the very best wishes of our Borough for the Platinum Jubilee." Sophie wore a stylish £380 floral ME+EM printed dress for the occasion, which featured tiered detailing across the maxi hemline.