John Travolta, 68, sadly lost his wife Kelly Preston to breast cancer in 2020, and two years later, it is evident the Grease star still mourns the loss of his longtime love. The aviation enthusiast poignantly revealed he “misses” the Last Song actress, as he wished her a Happy Mother’s Day last month. "We love and miss you Kelly. Happy Mother’s Day," the Oscar-nominated star captioned the clip, which was set to Barbara Streisand's That Face. The Grease icon began the video tribute with the inscription "From me, To you," and ended it by writing, "Happy Mother's Day ... With all my love, Johnny". The video from the New Jersey-born actor consisted of a series of images of the couple as well as their children. The clip included shots of Travolta and Preston's nuptials in 1987 in Paris, as they were married for 28 years after meeting on the set of the comedy film The Experts, which was released in 1989. READ MORE: Dame Julie Andrews addresses divide with Bridgerton co-stars The couple went on to appear in multiple films with one another, including the 2018 crime drama Gotti, the 2010 thriller From Paris with Love, the 2009 comedy Old Dogs, and the 2000 sci-fi film Battlefield Earth. It comes as John spent Easter with Ella, Benjamin and the newest four-legged member of their family. The two-time Oscar-nominated actor took to his Instagram page to post a video of the family together. "Happy Easter everyone!" he wrote in the caption of the clip, showing him and Ella holding on to a giant stuffed Easter Bunny as Benjamin snuggled with their new pet pooch Mac N Cheese, who they had adopted in March. At the time of Kelly’s death, Ella penned a moving tribute on social media, writing: “I love you so much mama.” “I have never met anyone as courageous, strong, beautiful and loving as you. “Anyone who is lucky enough to have known you or to have ever been in your presence will agree that you have a glow and a light that never ceases to shine and that makes anyone around yu feel instantly happy. “Thank you for being there for me no matter what. DONT MISS:Stacey Solomon slams critics amid post-baby bikini body pic (PHOTOS)Brian May bids farewell to London after wrapping up tour (NEWS)Ray Liotta's heartbroken fiancee speaks out (LATEST) “Thank you for your love. Thank you for your help and thank you for making this world a better place. “You have made life so beautiful and I know you will continue to do so always. I love you so much mama.” Kelly and John also faced more tragedy prior to her cancer battle, as their youngest child, Jett, died at the age of just 16 after suffering a seizure during a family holiday in the Bahamas in 2009. The actress' first major film role was in the 1985 teen comedy Mischief. A family representative told People magazine at the time that Kelly had chosen to keep her health battle "private" while being supported by her family. They said: "Choosing to keep her fight private, she had been undergoing medical treatment for some time, supported by her closest family and friends. "She was a bright, beautiful and loving soul who cared deeply about others and who brought life to everything she touched." Hollywood stars Russell Crowe, Dame Olivia Newton-John and Mariah Carey were among the people who paid tribute to Kelly following her death.