The announcement by the US President is coupled with the promise to send two extra navy destroyers to be based in Spain. The news comes as the NATO summit has also seen the approval of Finland and Sweden to join the alliance following initial opposition from Türkiye. Speaking of the news whilst addressing NATO Secretary-Genera Jen Stoltenberg,  Mr Biden said: "'We're sending an unmistakable message in my view, and I think yours as well. "NATO is strong, united and the steps we're taking during this summit will kind of further augment our collective strengths. "To that end, today I'm announcing the United States will enhance our force posture in Europe and respond to the changing security environment as well as strengthening our collective security." After already sending an extra 20,000 troops to Europe - bringing the total to 100,000 - Mr Biden announced two more squadrons of F-35 warplanes would be sent to Britain and the number of destroyers based in Spain would increase from four to six. "We're sending an unmistakable message in my view, and I think yours as well," he told NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, adding: "NATO is strong, united and the steps we're taking during this summit will kind of further augment our collective strengths." Aside from the F-35's and Destroyers to Spain, the US has also pledged it will send air defence equipment to Germany and Italy. The US will also create a new permanent base in Poland. Mr Biden said in a warning to Russian President Vladimir Putin: "We're going to make sure that NATO is ready to meet the threats from all directions across every domain - land, air and the sea. "At a moment when Putin has shattered peace in Europe and attacked the very, very tenets of rule-based order. The United States and our allies are going to step up." The Russian invasion of Ukraine has seen the alliance re-discover its importance following a period of doubt in previous years. READ MORE:How many troops does NATO have? Military forces ‘drastically upgrade’ The Secretary-General said the NATO summit came at a time 'in the midst of the most serious security crisis we have faced since the Second World War.' Mr Stoltenberg also addressed the need for the alliance to consider non-military matters, focusing heavily on the environment during his opening speech. Speaking at the event, Prime Minister Boris Johnson also used the summit to warn Putin the invasion of Ukraine would not divide NATO. NATO has in fact seen its membership increase with the approval of Sweden and Finland joining the alliance, in spite of Türkiye raising initial concerns the two nations were harbouring terrorists, a claim acknowledged by Mr Stoltenberg. DON'T MISS:NATO chief vows to BREAK Russia's grip on energy [REPORT]RAF steps up exercises on Putin’s doorstep [REVEAL]UK troops can be boosted with Wallace's new £10bn war chest [INSIGHT] With NATO members now being urged to match defence spending to the current global threat, the notion of the budget has been a hot topic in Madrid. Mr Johnson has called on member nations to "dig deep" and prepare for a more dangerous decade with increased threats. Arriving at the summit, Mr Johnson warned Russian President Vladimir Putin that he will be "getting more NATO", not less. He added that Mr Putin had been "proved completely wrong" in his hopes to reduce NATO dominance" as Finland and Sweden moved a step closer to joining the defence alliance after Türkiye lifted its objections. Speaking of the budget, Mr Johnson said: "The two percent was always meant to be a floor, not a ceiling, and allies must continue to step up in this time of crisis." Don't forget to share your views on this topic in our comments section below - Just CLICK HERE  According to the RAF, the F-35 'Lightning' is a fifth-generation aircraft which operates alongside the Typhoon. It is a multi-role aircraft capable of conducting air-to-surface, electronic warfare, intelligence gathering and air-to-air missions simultaneously. Capable of flying at Mach 1.6, the F-35 can carry two air-to-air missiles, and two internally carried bombs. The aircraft also supports a 25mm cannon. Additionally, the F-35 also enjoys vertical takeoff and landing capabilities. For more stories like this, follow Defence and Security Correspondent James Lee on Twitter @JamesLee_DE