Netflix’s romantic drama Virgin River will finally be returning to screens next month for the release of season four. Ahead of its premiere, Doc Mullins star Tim Matheson opened up about his struggles with filming the romantic scenes.  Fans were first introduced to Doc in season one, as the town’s local physician who wouldn’t admit he needed assistance. Following Mel Monroe’s (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) arrival and her new role as a nurse practitioner, he soon realised she was worthy of having her name outside the practice. Thankfully, he eventually adjusted to the idea of having her there as Doc’s life began to take a turn for the worst. Mel’s addition to the practice was the work of Hope McCrea (Annette O’Toole), who hired Mel behind Doc’s back.  READ MORE: BBC Breakfast host pokes fun at Owain Wyn Evans' appearance She was able to do so as she knew what was best for him and as the two had worked together and been longtime friends. Hope and Doc were also romantically involved and had been married but had been separated for over 20 years. However, the two finally saw the light a got back into a relationship in season two. During an appearance on the Chatting with B podcast, the actor opened up about the struggles of filming romance  When quizzed about his preparation for love scenes, Matheson stated: “It’s always awkward, on our show they don’t get too graphic. “I know Martin and Alex have off come the shirts but Annette and I really don’t, it's not too much, usually a kiss or we hug or something. “It is a little awkward at first, over the years when I’ve done more graphic sex scenes, my main job is to make sure that my partner is comfortable. “And know that anything that’s done is done in character, it's not personal and I want them to feel safe about that.”  DON'T MISS...Virgin River fans fume over Jack Sheridan change in season 4 peek [REACTION]Virgin River season 4: Pregnant Mel KISSES ex in front of Jack [INSIGHT] Virgin River’s Brie star pays tribute to ‘inspiring’ co-star Alexandra [INSIGHT] After sharing an experience on a previous set, Matheson shared the extra assistance most productions hire to help the actor feel comfortable. Speaking on the sex scenes, he added: “There are some people who are very resistant and don’t want it. “Now they have intimacy coordinators that are on set because sometimes there's a lot of nudity in these streaming shows. “They are there to protect the performers from being harassed or being mistreated, feeling bad or feeling exposed.”  As for Doc’s relationship with Hope, viewers are still unsure whether they have a future after the season three finale ended on a major cliffhanger. After a horrifying car crash, Hope was rushed to the hospital where she underwent emergency brain surgery. Thankfully for fans, the showrunner Sue Tenney revealed the character wasn’t dead and would return for season four. She confirmed: “We do move ahead. To us, it's the recovery and what she's dealing with a traumatic brain injury.” Virgin River season four premieres on Netlfix on Wednesday, July 20.  