There is very little not to like about AirPods Pro. These wireless earbuds sound sublime, are ultra-comfortable to wear for long periods of time, and boast impressive active noise-cancellation that lets you enjoy your favourite tracks without interruptions from the world around you. If you can avoid the high price tag with one of the best AirPods Pro deals around, then you're onto a winner with these premium earbuds from Apple. The interchangeable silicon tips included in the box ensure that you'll always be able to find the most secure and comfortable fit ...that's something you won't find with the entry-level AirPods and something we criticised in our £179 AirPods (third generation) review. Apple has even added a nifty Ear Fit Test in the settings, so you can find out whether you've picked the right tip for your inner-ear shape. With AirPods Pro, Apple has altered how you control playback without touching your iPhone (or Apple Watch). Unlike earlier AirPods, which required listeners to tap the side of the 'buds, AirPods Pro owners will need to squeeze the new shortened stem until they receive a welcome click of haptic feedback. This dramatically reduces the chance of any accidental bashes pausing your podcast or summoning Siri in the middle of a favourite playlist. Sure, it's a small tweak but it's one you'll notice every day when wearing AirPods Pro. Battery life on the AirPods Pro is good ...but not jaw-dropping. Unfortunately for Air Mile fans, your new AirPods Pro won't last an entire long-haul flight without a quick charge. Fortunately, the bundled charging case will make sure you're never without music for very long. Just five minutes in the case equates to around one hour of listening time. With the case in your pocket, which can now be charged wirelessly via any Qi-compatible charging mat or Apple's MagSafe magnetic puck, you're guaranteed 24-hours of listening time before you need to find a Lightning cable. And yes, sadly AirPods Pro require a Lightning cable. For iPhone owners, that's not too much trouble as you'll likely already have one in your backpack or handbag to keep your smartphone topped up. But with the likes of the iPad Air, iPad Pro, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro all transitioning to USB-C ...some Apple fans will need to find room for an entirely separate cable just for earbuds on their travels. Given that USB-C is also the standard used to charge consoles like the Nintendo Switch, over-ear headphones like the Sony WH-1000XM5, and Kindle ereaders – switching to the all-conquering cable would've allowed many users to pack a single charger for everything (and cut down on electronic waste). Speaking of other Apple gadgets, AirPods Pro can intelligently switch between any devices signed in with the same Apple ID as the iPhone or iPad that you initially paired with the 'buds. That means you'll be able to come back from a run with your AirPods Pro streaming music from your Apple Watch to join a FaceTime call on your iPad – and the earbuds will immediately switch to the incoming call without any faffing in the Bluetooth settings menu. For the most part, this feature works exactly as advertised as is truly magical. However, there have been a few instances when our AirPods Pro would go rogue and pair to the wrong device – leaving the person at the other end of the FaceTime call listening to silence, or booming from the speakers in our MacBook Pro instead of the 'buds in our ears. Not ideal for the other occupants of the coffee shop we were working in... Another tiny annoyance is the case doesn't feel as sturdy as the standard, non noise-cancelling AirPods. The lid feels much looser when opened and the hinge isn't as sturdy. It's a small nitpick, granted, but the AirPods Pro case falls short of the superb build quality we've become accustomed to from Apple. But our single biggest criticism of the AirPods Pro is price. When bought from the Apple Store (other retailers regularly defy Apple and slash the price tag to a much more competitive one) the AirPods Pro cost £249 ..and that's extremely expensive. For example, you can pick up Sony's award-winning WF-1000XM3 noise cancelling earbuds for £30 less (and even cheaper during sales) and the standard AirPods regularly drop to £99. ...so, do the AirPods Pro justify that huge jump in cost? If you're looking for ace active noise-cancellation to shush the chatter of the morning train, with excellent sound quality and a durable water resistant design for workouts – the AirPods Pro are an easy recommendation. While there are other earbuds with similar features, the magic sprinkled by Apple's engineers – like the one-tap pairing and Spatial Audio – that you won't find on any other rival 'buds put these above the competition for iPhone, Apple Watch, and iPad owners. Trust us, if you think AirPods Pro sound good on paper ...wait until you actually try them! Apple's AirPods have only been in existence for a few years, but they have quickly become a monumental smash hit. These wireless earbuds are now some of the most popular on the planet and, if you own an iPhone, it's easy to see why. With a simple set-up, decent sound quality, and no troublesome wires to untangle each time you want to listen to a podcast or album ...they offer a first-class user experience. And since Apple dropped the 3.5mm headphone port from its iPhone lineup, AirPods mean you can continue listening to music while your smartphone charges too. But for all of their positives, the AirPods have lacked a vital feature that has become prevalent on almost all rival earbuds. Active noise cancellation was already hugely popular with over- and on-ear headphones, but is now a must-have feature for earbuds too. As the name suggests, this clever technology blocks out all background sound, so you can continue listening without interruption from the chug of train tracks, the rumble of a jet engine on a long-haul flight, or the whirrr of the office printer behind your desk. With the launch of the AirPods Pro, Apple finally brought this audio-enhancing trick to its AirPods range. These latest in-ear headphones are packed with upgrades but are they really any good especially as they now cost almost £140 more than the second-generation AirPods? Express.co.uk has been wearing them for the past few months and the simple answer is, yes! From the moment you pick up the new AirPods Pro from the store, or take delivery from your local postie, iPhone owners will discover an experience that's almost impossible for earbuds from other manufacturers to match. Take the AirPods out of the packaging, hold them close to your iPhone and open the little white charging case to instantly connect with your iPhone or iPad. It really is that simple and beats digging around in the settings menu in a bid to find your headphones from deep inside the Bluetooth menu. Once set-up is complete it's then a question of making sure the AirPods Pro fit properly in your ear. Unlike the standard AirPods – which have one-size-fits-all design – Apple is giving users more choice with the Pros coming bundled with three different silicone tips (that are incredibly cheap to replace if you happen to lose them). And instead of leaving you baffled by which is best for your ear shape, Apple has included a clever function on your phone which can tell you if you're wearing the right ones. Accessed via the Bluetooth menu, the test runs a small snippet of audio, then analyses whether it leaked from an imperfect fit. A message will then be displayed to let you know how good the silicone tip is working for the shape of your ear. It's a nice little addition and makes it very simple to get the best out of these 'buds. So, you've got them connected and fitting perfectly in your ear but what about the most important part of any headphones - sound quality. Start playing your favourite tracks and you'll be genuinely blown away by just how good these tiny in-ear headphones sound. Audio is packed with detail and there's plenty of bass thrown-in for good measure, plus you get that brilliant sound blocking. As mentioned earlier in this review, these all-new wireless in-ear headphones now come with Active Noise Cancellation and there's no question it's very impressive. Using two microphones combined with advanced software, these AirPods continuously adapt to each individual ear and headphone fit. This removes background noise to provide a uniquely customised, superior noise-cancelling experience. And it certainly works as, once placed inside your ears, you'll find it's hard to hear anything else other than your music. To activate this mode you simply squeeze the new force sensor on the buds' stem to magically strip out all annoying background audio. This leaves you able to enjoy your music without hearing any distracting sound from the coffee shop, train, or plane engines. Of course, there are times when having every external noise blocked is not something you want. To solve this, Apple has included something called Transparency Mode. This allows you to hear what's going on around you. Again, this mode can be switched on or off via a long press on the force sensor. You can also turn on all of these noise-cancelling features via your iPhone or Apple Watch too, if you'd prefer not to constantly squeeze on the stems of your earbuds, or can't. Along with controlling sound blocking, the stems also can be used to pause music, skip tracks and answer calls. These controls all work well although it's worth noting you can't pump up the volume via the actual earbuds with this needing to be controlled via your phone or Apple Watch. With all of these new features tucked inside you might be worried about battery life but things are pretty impressive in this department as well. Even with the noise cancelling switched on you'll get over four hours of playback and things are boosted the minute they're tucked back inside the charging case. From a full charge you should get a total of 24 hours of music without needing to go near a plug or wireless charging pad. One final thing to note is the new AirPods Pro are both sweat and water resistant (IPX4). This should mean they'll cope with a workout and the infamous British weather but you can't wear them for your next trip to the local pool. READ NEXT