The UK is currently grappling with the effects of the worst cost-of-living crisis in decades, as energy prices are expected to reach £2,800 this winter, thrusting millions of families into fuel poverty. As a result, many Britons are considering replacing their household appliances with more energy-efficient devices that consume less energy, and hence save on bills.   Data from Lupe Technology, a British tech startup, has shown that the cost-of-living crisis is forcing Brits to turn to homeware goods that are built to last and are eco-friendlier. The research showed that 38 percent of Britons have expressed distrust in large brands’ claims about sustainability. Meanwhile, another 31 percent said that they are no longer looking to purchase from mainstream brands whose products are unethical and or wasteful. The engineers at Lupe Technology have come up with a list of five devices that will help slash bills while being environmentally sustainable.  First on the list is Lupe’s own Pure Cordless vacuum cleaner, which is made from recyclable plastic and has a shelf that “far outlives” that of typical household appliances. Aside from being built to last with durable plastic, Lupe says that each part of the vacuum can be easily recycled and replaced in case it breaks, extending its shelf life. This is crucial to long-term savings as their data showed that the average Brit goes through 15 vacuum cleaners (58,635,000 units) in their lifetime. Pablo Montero, Co-Founder of Lupe Technology said: "The public conscience of climate change, pollution and excess household wastage has undoubtedly increased in recent years and has motivated consumers worldwide to seek more sustainable and ethical products. READ MORE: Staggering amount Brits can save on bills by installing a log burner "Yet despite all our good intentions, we are hamstrung by a trend of built-to-break gadgets and household appliances, which is contributing to an appalling amount of plastic pollution and electrical wastage in Britain. " Smart hand showers save you time on installation whilst ensuring consumers save up to 50 percent more water. These smart faucets are equipped with temperature gauges and efficiency sensors to carefully control the amount of energy being used to heat the water, without compromising on pressure. The flow rate is only nine litres a minute, with average yearly savings of around £24 per user. DON'T MISS: Energy crisis lifeline as expert claims heat pumps a ‘no brainer’ [INSIGHT] Russia threatens 'major' outbreak of fatal disease [SPOTLIGHT] Energy crisis: US firm strikes major UK deal to slash waste and power [REVEAL] Electronic Basin Taps make bathrooms truly connected whilst simultaneously helping the environment. They have a temperate control sensor that detects hand movement, so water only runs when it’s needed, reducing water consumption by up to a staggering 70 percent. These are the perfect equipment to use for your computer and an easy way to go greener. They only use clean solar power to operate, eliminating the need to use batteries filled with chemicals. READ MORE: Energy crisis: UK handed three-point heat pump plan to slash bills