Meghan and Harry, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, reunited with the Royal Family to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee earlier this month. The weekend marked their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down from their positions as senior working royals two years ago. Royal expert Neil Sean claims that since the festivities took place, to celebrate the Queen’s 70-year reign, the couple have been offered TV deals. Speaking in a recent upload on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: “All the TV broadcasters around the world are looking to put together specials on the Platinum Jubilee, particularly for their year-end things. “American networks are very keen on is to sit down with Harry and Meghan to get their take on what has been spectacular years. “I've been told that Australian TV too are interested particularly all the mainstream media now. READ MORE: 'They missed 99% of it' Harry and Meghan raise serious eyebrows after Jubilee money offer “When you think about it that could be a big pay deal for Harry and Meghan.” If Meghan and Harry take up an offer it would not be their first tell-all interview since their departure from the Royal Family. In 2021 the couple discussed their decision to quit as senior royals with Oprah Winfrey in addition to sharing insight into their royal lives. So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry accept ‘big pay deal’ for Jubilee interviews? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. Meghan and Harry travelled to the UK for the Jubilee with both their children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. The Sussexes kept a low profile over the weekend and only attended one official event, the Jubilee thanksgiving service at St Paul Cathedral as it was deemed a family – rather than public – occasion. Meghan and Harry were also invited to join the Royal Family for luncheon at The Guildhall after the service but chose to travel back to Frogmore Cottage, where they were staying, instead. The couple were also seen watching the Trooping the Colour celebrations inside the Duke of Wellington's former office. DON'T MISS: Kate and Prince William to end royal tradition for George and Charlotte with Windsor move [VIDEO]Prince Charles says it's OK to ditch monarchy in stunning Commonwealth speech [LATEST]Royal Family: 'Fearless leader' Meghan breaks silence after controversial Texas visit [UPDATE]  Earlier this month a royal author claimed that instead of “mending fences”, Meghan and Harry ran into a “brick wall” as some senior royals may wonder if “anything they say may end up as a chapter in Harry’s memoir, or on a future podcast”. Duncan Larcombe said the couple’s next steps are a real test that could impact their future with the Royal Family. Writing for Closer Magazine, Mr Larcombe said Harry and Meghan are at risk of being “cut off” from the Royal Family if they discuss any private moments from the Jubilee, leaving them in a “last-chance saloon”. So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry speak of family moments at Jubilee? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.