The remnants of Tropical Storm Alex will plough into the UK ahead of the weekend unleashing torrential rain and near 90kmph gales. It will follow hot on the heels of another storm assault on Wednesday prompting warnings for a week of weather hell. Government forecasters say the thundery deluge threatens to dump up to an inch of rain in just hours. Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Adam Thornhill said: “The low pressure on Wednesday will bring showers to most areas of the UK, but the heaviest slow-moving downpours are expected in northern areas, with a chance of associated thunder and lightning. “By the time ex-Tropical Storm Alex gets near UK shores, it will have transitioned into a mature Atlantic low. “Although it will have lost much of its strength, it will bring some unseasonably strong winds across the UK–especially to the northwest on Thursday and Friday.” The storm will plough into Britain days after unleashing heavy rain across southern Florida. Winds could touch storm force in parts of the country through the middle of the week, Mr Thornhill warned. He said: “The track of the former storm currently looks to be grazing the far northwest of the UK on Thursday and Friday. “Although the details are still being worked out, winds could be around 45mph for most in the north, with a chance of gusts in excess of 55mph in exposed north-western island and coastal areas.” Britons should make the most of sunshine on Tuesday before the weather nosedives on Wednesday. Temperatures ahead of mid-week could hit 21C in parts of the country with the high teens forecast widely. Wind and rain will set in on Wednesday before the remains of Alex tears across northern Bermuda to Britain. The low-pressure system will deepen as it arrives before emptying its load on an eastwards sweep of the country. Weather charts show it dragging a ‘sea swell’ column of sea water towards the UK west coasts putting exposed regions at risk of overtopping waves. Netweather forecaster Nick Finnis said: “Windy on Friday, as the remnants of Tropical Storm Alex, passing just north of Bermuda [on Monday] forms a deepening low that will pass northeast to the northwest of Britain. “The low will spread showers eastwards across many areas.” Churning low-pressure will anchor off the UK coast hurling further bouts of wind and rain into Britain through the weekend. Northern Britain is poised to bear the brunt of the onslaught with more chance of drier, sunnier conditions across the south. Mr Finnis added: “It will be windy and showery in the northwest and far west over the weekend, thanks to low pressure parked to the northwest of Britain. “There will be some sunny spells between the showers. “It will be drier, sunnier and warmer, but perhaps breezy, across central, southern and eastern areas.” Foul weather is about to blight Britain in payback for the calm and settled start to spring, according to some experts. Britain is facing a week of wind and rain as the weather balances April’s unusually summery spell. British Weather Services meteorologist Jim Dale said: “We are looking at another week of unsettled conditions. “Low pressure will be the driver of wind and rain through the middle of the week and then we have the remnants of Alex to contend with. “There is little if anything in the way of warm settled weather at least for the next week. “This always goes back to the balancing effect, and what we are seeing now comes after what we saw during the early part of spring. “This is the balancing payback we very often see with the weather.”