Based on today’s best data, the price cap on bills will hit around £2,980 in the early part of this winter before hitting £3,003 in January the following year. It will then fall back to £2,758 in April 2023 and £2,686 in July 2023, according to the expert who correctly predicted the current spike in gas and electricity costs. The January figure would be an all-time high and more than a £1,000 higher than the previous record, said Craig Lowrey, principal consultant at Cornwall Insight. Previous predictions had set the next price cap at closer to £2,800. Bills have already increased this year, hitting £1,971 in the April price cap, from £1,277 previously. The dire financial forecast comes as the latest UK inflation figures are due today. The cost of living soared to nine per cent in April – its highest level for more than 40 years – as the rising cost of gas and electricity pushed household energy bills to record levels. The escalating cost of food and transport also contributed to the rising cost of living, deepening the crisis affecting millions of low and middle-income families. Dr Lowrey and his colleagues believe that prices will remain above £2,600 until at least October next year. He also said there is room for the Government to do more to support billpayers. “We’ve had the initial raft of financial support to households in April, with the expectation of a £400 payment coming later in the year,” he said. “Together those measures will make a dent in the increases that we’re forecasting, but obviously it won’t offset this. “So there’s clearly the potential for further support to be sought from the Government for as long as these high prices continue, so we can’t rule additional measures out.” Rising inflation pushing down the spending power of wages and the hike in utility prompted the Chancellor to offer a multi-billion-pound package of support. This included £400 for every household in the country, and extra support for millions of the most vulnerable. Energy prices on wholesale markets have been soaring over the past year. The increases were firstly caused by high demand as global economies reopened following the pandemic. Then Russia’s invasion of Ukraine caused prices to spike even further. The crisis has reduced the number of energy suppliers on the market to just over 20, while competition has been destroyed. Previously, the price cap had been as low as £1,042 in the summer of 2020 – the cheapest since the policy first came into force in 2019. While the UK only gets around five per cent of its gas from Russia, other European countries are much more reliant on Russian gas. Dr Lowrey said: “We’ve already started to see reductions in gas flows from Russia to countries including Germany, Italy, Austria among others and there are concerns that this will continue as we go further into the year. “Fears over those supply availability issues, that’s really what’s driving a lot of the increases that we’re seeing.” Dr Lowrey said that more could be done to ensure that people use less gas and electricity. “What we’re really looking at in terms of a consumer demand perspective is really looking at fresh measures to improve energy efficiency and to better manage consumption,” he said. “We’ve seen quite high-profile examples of this in Germany and Australia among others. “Every unit of energy counts, particularly at times of high prices. “So I think that the demand and consumption side of things is very much important.” Meanwhile it emerged that energy bills are likely to increase by around £2.7bn to cover the costs of the 28 energy suppliers that have gone bust in the last year. A National Audit Office (NAO) report found that, while the failures were caused by massive changes in the energy market, regulator Ofgem is also partly to blame. The watchdog's approach to how it licensed and monitored suppliers over much of the last decade increased the risk of them failing, but also added to costs when they did, the NAO found. Ofgem's processes have been good at ensuring that households do not have their energy cut off when a supplier fails. It fixes this through the so-called supplier of last resort system which asks a rival company to take over the supply of energy to those households. But the system has many potential pitfalls. For instance, customers will often be moved to a more expensive deal with their new supplier - Citizens Advice estimates it adds about £30 per month to bills for the average customer.