Where there’s damp mould is not far behind, so it’s no surprise the washing machine has the deft ability to attract it. Unless homeowners dry their drawer after every use, this area is a particularly prominent space for black mould - or soap scum - to formulate. However, it’s also incredibly easy to get rid of, and likely with ingredients you already have in the kitchen cupboard, according to fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove the “black bits” on her washing machine, which appears to be mould. Tania Arroyo Arenas wrote: “Hi ladies, I'm cleaning the washing machine drawer, and I've managed to get rid of most of the stuff but I can't get rid of the black bits. “What do you recommend? I have been scrubbing for 30 minutes and it doesn't come out.” Mould in the washing machine drawer is not only unsightly, but it can also filter into the washing machine and imprint on the items in the drum. This can cause your machine - and clothes - to smell damp and musty; so if you’ve noticed this scent emerge after a spin, it’s likely you might be dealing with a slight mould problem. READ MORE: I tried Bar Keepers Friend stain remover to brighten my tile grout A majority of washing machines in the UK boast a front-loading design instead of a top-loading one, meaning particular focus has been placed on making these machines leak-proof. However, this also means the machines don’t tend to dry out quickly or easily, making them become a hotspot for mould to grow and fester unless cleaned thoroughly and regularly. Mould, and black mould to be more specific, can also be a dangerous substance for those with sensitive immune systems or respiratory conditions, so it’s important to tackle this issue soon after it arises. Studies have shown white vinegar has the properties to destroy over 80 percent of mould species - and prevent it from returning. So if a chemical cleaner isn’t for you, using this natural ingredient could very well be the optimal solution to achieving a sterile and sparkling detergent drawer. DON'T MISS: Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘neat trick’ for planting strawberries now [EXPERT]How to avoid ‘killing’ tomato plants and ‘encourage fruit production’ [INSIGHT]‘Essential’ tips to preserve supermarket basil - ‘thrives for months’ [TIPS] With this in mind, Mrs Hinch fans have shared an easy method to thoroughly clean your detergent drawer using just white vinegar. Karen Jones said: “Soak kitchen roll in white vinegar and stick it on the area. Leave to soak overnight and it banishes the mould by morning.” Trisha Porter suggested: “Use white vinegar, it’s the only thing that properly cleans my drawer.” Linda croswell commented: “I found the best way to clean the drawer was to put white vinegar actually in the drawer and put the wash on 90 and it should be nice and clean when you have a look, hope this helps.” Julie Myhill said: “My daughter used white vinegar spray, said it was brilliant.” Denise Windall advised: “Just spray white vinegar on the black bits and leave overnight. “It'll be gone in the morning, just put on a short wash before placing your laundry in. Works every time for me.” Lucy Pilsworth added: “I used white vinegar on mine and didn’t have to scrub at all.” Thanks to its high levels of acetic acid, white vinegar makes a powerful cleaning agent that kills germs, gets rid of odours and rinses away dirt and grease. This simple ingredient has been proven to kill 80 percent of mould species, including black mould, on porous and non-porous surfaces. Bleach can cause a number of issues, that’s why it is best to remove any signs of mould using white vinegar. White vinegar can be purchased from Tesco for as little as 29p.