Prince Louis, aged just four, stole the show at the Platinum Jubilee with his hilarious reactions during the RAF flypast and Sunday pageant at Buckingham Palace. The young royal was even seen covering his mother's mouth as she attempted to speak to him and shook his finger in disapproval. Louis would also later sit on Prince Charles' lap as his grandfather was tasked with dealing with the restless tot. However, Supernanny Jo Frost took to Instagram to comment on how Kate Middleton and Prince William dealt with their mischievous son. Commenting on one Hello! post, she said: "Love how mum is addressing in public Prince Louis needing to listen up and do as he's told." But not everyone appeared to agree with Supernanny. JUST IN: 'Absolutely gorgeous!' Lilibet stuns royal fans as Sussexes' release birthday snap @gayeslade said: "He's just a normal little kid." @jessicafarkasphotos added: "He’s been listening and doing as he’s told for days! He’s a 4 year old, not a prop!!!" @thiskidrocks wrote: "He's a 4 year old boy that's been stuck in a suit for 4 days & told to do as he's told. "He's probably bored out of his mind too... I think the little guy did well if you ask me!!" READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry share new pic of Lilibet just days after 1st birthday In a separate post, Ms Frost added: "This is cool, @hellomag. "I think Prince Louis did remarkably well considering so young, so many people it was amazing and no playtime in between for this little chap. "Unlike other children the royals are expected by the world to behave a certain way but at the end of the day they are children, royalty or not. "The whole fanfare will become a little too much when you're young, it was a long day, little moments like this are going to happen, especially if you are strong willed, sensitive and actually I would go as far as to say a highly sensitive child in my professional opinion. DON'T MISS:Queen 'fought back tears' in moving end to Jubilee [REVEAL]Britons rush to defend Louis as Royal sensationally criticised [INSIGHT]Harry looks pensive as he and Meghan touch down in California hours... [REPORT] "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are a great example. Catherine has never been afraid to tell the kids to stop in public, I love that about her. "Anyhow Congratulations to Her Majesty, God Bless the Queen!"