Iga Swiatek took a moment to send a message to Ukraine after winning her second Grand Slam title at the French Open. The world No 1 defeated first-time Grand Slam finalist Coco Gauff 6-1 6-3 for her second trophy in Paris, and the 18-year-old apologised to her team following the defeat. Swiatek extended her match-winning streak to 35 victories in a row by defeating Gauff in 68 minutes to win her second French Open title, equalling Venus Williams for the longest WTA winning streak this century. And after the final, the 21-year-old Pole took a moment to send a message to Ukraine amid the war. "And I wanted to at the end to say something to Ukraine to stay strong because the war is still there," she started, before the spectators in Court Philippe-Chartier erupted into applause in support of Ukraine. Swiatek has now won six titles in a row, dating back to the WTA 1000 in Doha at the end of February, and said she had hoped the war would be resolved by now. "Since my first speech in Doha basically I was hoping that when I’m gonna go the next one the situation is gonna get better," she continued. "But I’m still gonna you know have hopes and try to support." JUST IN: Nadal will 'try everything' to be at Wimbledon as withdrawal rubbished   Meanwhile, Gauff was in tears following an overwhelming defeat in her first-ever Grand Slam final. And the teenager apologised to her team for losing the match in an emotional interview, as she fought back sobs. The 18th seed in Paris said: "I’d like to thank my team. I’m sorry I wasn't able to get this one today but thank you guys for always supporting me and hopefully this is the first final of many. And I really appreciate you guys a lot, you guys helped me so much throughout this year." DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic posts four-word message to Alex Zverev after injurySports doctor breaks down Alex Zverev injury and if surgery is neededWimbledon 'nearing WTA deal' so players can keep half ranking points  Both players also paid tribute to one another in their respective speeches. Addressing the newly-crowned champion, Gauff said: "What you’ve done on tour the past couple of months has truly been amazing and you totally deserve it. Hopefully, we can play each other in more finals and I can get a win over you one of these days." Swiatek was in tears after hearing the Polish national anthem play in celebration of her victory and joked that she was contradicting herself after telling her opponent not to cry. "I just told Coco don’t cry, and what am I doing right now?" she laughed, adding: "Coco, when I was your age it was my first year on tour and I had no idea what I was doing so you will find it and you will be there, I’m pretty sure of that."