Mr Calder discussed the British Airways strikes as staff members have already voted in favour of industrial action over the summer. The travel expert gave key dates when a strike would most likely happen in the aviation sector, suggesting the trade union strikes would coincide with the main school holidays in the UK. He however offered holidaymakers a glimmer of hope noting the strikes might ultimately not go ahead.  Mr Bland said: "Firstly when will these strikes happen?" Mr Calder said: "We don't know yet, the earlier possible date Ben is the 8th of July, but the noises from the unions suggest that it could be later in July. "Friday is probably the day they will go for, quite possibly the 22nd of July would be perhaps when they might start the action. "I must say this absolutely pure speculation it might be called off, they're not the most militant workers in the aviation industry. JUST IN: UK weather: Brits brace for Friday washout as Met Office forecast 'showers and thunder'     Mr Calder added: "But yes probably to coincide with the main school holidays starting in England and Wales so that could be for example the 22nd, 23rd, 24th of July we just don't know. "I am one of... I estimate 2m passengers who were booked in the course of July to fly on British Airways, and at the moment there's very little any of us can do." There have already been mass cancellations and disruptions at British airports around the country. Some travel experts have blamed the multitude of cancellations on the pandemic, as some Britons have tried to travel for the first time in two years since the Covid-19 pandemic hit.  READ MORE: BBC QT: Mick Lynch takes swipe at 'unembarrassable' Boris Johnson - 'Hope he's undermined'     Due to ongoing strikes in the rail sector, many Britons have faced more travel chaos, when trying to commute via the rail network. And rail unions are planning further strikes in order to have their demands from the Government for a 7 percent pay rise and a guarantee that there will be no more job cuts to their sector, are met. The Government have been pushing back on their demands and have vowed to impose new laws to allow agency workers to cover staff action, in order to minimise the effects of the strikes. Many industries have struggled due to the pandemic, and workers are struggling with the lack of increases in wages, as the cost of living has risen and many can't afford the normal essentials they have become accustomed to having. Chief executive of travel consultancy The PC Agency, Paul Charles said: “Thousands more passengers will be on the edge of their seats fretting about whether their flight may be impacted. “I suspect the GMB will want to sit around the table with BA management urgently and try to reach a compromise on pay before giving any firm dates.  READ NEXT