Its purpose was not to select a winner in a binary, winner takes all, electoral fashion. Its purpose was to determine whether the Prime Minister can carry his Parliamentary Party in order to discharge government business. Do his colleagues have sufficient confidence in him for him to get his business done? With around an 80 seat majority, the Tories only needed 40 disaffected MPs to undermine government. They have at least 148. Diehard Johnson loyalists may refuse to accept this reality but they do so to the detriment of the Conservative Party and, more importantly, the country. Unless Mr Johnson resigns soon, what we will experience is paralysis in the Commons and Government. A drawn-out civil war within the Party, played out in public and killing any chance of re-election in 2024. Johnson is already a lame duck Prime Minister. The sooner he goes, the better. And to stand a chance in 2024, the Conservative Party must find its compass – almost immediately. Knowing its direction of travel is every bit as important, if not more so, than finding a new leader. The Party is where it is, in large part, because it lost its way. Charting a course back to success, as it happens, should not be difficult. The main goals on which the Party must deliver are set out in its 2019 manifesto. Add to that a pivot back to traditional conservative values: small state, reduced regulations, lower taxes and a freedom of choice.  The rest would happen automatically, including a reduction in inflation and the consequential cost of living crisis. A really good, nay necessary, starting pointing is to Get Brexit Done. Deliver that central promise made on page five of the Tory manifesto: “the country would leave the EU as one United Kingdom”. If that could be achieved, the Party would automatically find its roots. The first step on this path would have to be to bin the Northern Ireland Protocol. That insidious document left Northern Ireland in the EU and partitioned the United Kingdom. In signing it, Johnson did not just break promises, he carried out an act of monumental constitutional self-harm. The Protocol must go. The EU has threatened a trade war if we lay claim to our sovereign territory. So, in preparing to bin the Protocol we would need to prepare for that war. That preparation would, in itself, require substantial deregulation and reductions in tax. This would be the only way to stay competitive while the EU plays bully. And through that preparation, the Conservative Party would again become conservative. There was no plot to get rid of Johnson.  This was not a remain orchestrated coup. Many Brexiteers voted against him. Most back benchers voted against him. He is being shown the door because he failed. If remainers attempt to use his ousting as an opportunity to hijack the Party, they will confirm that failure and kill any chance of victory at the next election. For the Conservative Party to prevail it needs be bold and honest. It needs to deliver on the promises it made to gain the electorate’s trust in 2019. That now starts by getting rid of Johnson and then Getting Brexit Done. 