Coronation Street's Maria (played by Samia Longchambon) is set to face a barrage of negative publicity regarding her recycling campaign due to a video surfacing. A deep fake video appears online with Maria falling victim to online trolls who begin to have a significant impact on her mindset. Samia recently opened up to Express.co.uk and other press about how she felt when she first found out about the ITV soap storyline and touched on her own experiences to help with the character. In upcoming scenes, a video appears online of Maria's head has been placed on a naked woman to make it look like she's in a porn film. Unfortunately, it is her son Liam Connor (Charlie Wrenshall) who sees the video first and gets into a fight at the school. Determined to not let the online trolling affect her campaign, Maria pushes on with a press conference, but things go from bad to worse. She is heckled from across the room by the refuse team leader, Jimmy, with Gary Windass (Mikey North) assuming he was the one to post the video. READ MORE: Gary Lineker's 'racist abuse' claims blasted by Martin Daubney Maria decides that being on the council isn't worth all the strife it's putting their family through and wants to leave the committee. Later in the week, Liam celebrates his birthday, and as Gary takes a photo of him, Maria, Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) and Jake Windass (Bobby Bradford), Maria begs him not to post it online in fear of the trolls. Samia recently opened up about her own experiences with facing online trolls and revealed she has the same fears for her daughter. When asked if she had ever had a similar experience to Maria, she explained: "Not to the extent of like, death threats, I've never had them. "I've certainly had trolls, and to the point where it's been really upsetting, and it's not nice to read, as much as people say, 'Don't read it', it's almost like picking a scab. "There's a bit of you that just wants to know what other people are reading about, what other people are saying about you, that's what I've had in the past with myself. "If someone is writing that about me, then I want to know what other people might be reading about me, it's really hurtful, and it's horrible," she admitted. Samia continued: "Over the years, it's had an effect on me, definitely. It really knocks your confidence because even if you get 99 nice comments, you only remember that one awful comment. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor exit as she’s killed  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Summer Spellman vanishes from cobbles [LATEST]McDonald and Dodds fans left distracted by Corrie star after blunder [WATCH] "I feel like it should be more regulated online, especially for young people now, going on social media, and I look at my daughter, she's 12. "And she uses social media, and I'm really nervous about her using it because of those reasons, you're such an easy target on social media." Samia also touched on how she deals with the negative comments, as she bluntly admitted she "blocks" the accounts. "Block, just block. It's all you can do, isn't it? You're always gonna get people who say nasty things. "Unfortunately, on social media, the majority of people are lovely and all really gorgeous and positive, but those people who were just negative, I think it is such a cliche, but it says more about them than it does about you. "And I've learned that like over the last couple years that actually it's just saying more about them and what they feel about themselves." Will the trolls take their bullying to a new level and begin to physically harm Maria and her family? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.