In a previously aired episode of BBC’s Antiques Roadshow, Fiona Bruce and the team of experts welcomed guests to Tatton Park in Cheshire. Expert Henry Sandon was thrilled to evaluate two pieces of Worcester Porcelain but admitted a flaw stopped him from comparing one of the pots to a similar one sold at auction not too long ago. The Worcester Porcelain expert was tasked with evaluating two items but one pot, in particular, caught his attention. The guest revealed the pieces weren’t hers but she’d been tasked with bringing them along to the roadshow. “One extremely like this one has been sold at auction for £38,000.” The stunned Antiques Roadshow guest commented: “Wow!” Read more: Antiques Roadshow expert stumped by value of dagger linked to king The expert pointed out the pot has a flaw which affected the valuation. “Now this has got this little chip so I’m going to have to reduce the value of this down. However, the expert noted the item was still of “exceptional” quality. He added the piece was a “rarity” before revealing its worth. “I wish it was mine,” the Antiques Roadshow guest remarked. “I know,” Henry replied. “I wish it was mine! “Should I let you know how much I think it’s worth?” The guest urged: “Go on, go on,” as the expert shared how much the damaged piece could fetch at auction. DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow guest breaks down over Prince Charles dress [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked by huge valuation of car mascot [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert admits jewelled item ‘not exciting’ [VIDEO] Henry revealed the owner could hope to sell the pottery for £20,000. “That’s still a lot,” the guest remarked referring to the £18,000 difference in value. “It’s still a lot, isn’t it?” Henry agreed. “But it’s a lovely pot thank you very bringing it in.” The guest repeated: “I wish it was mine!” Henry joined the Antiques Roadshow in 1979 and is regarded as a world authority on Worcester Porcelain. He was the curator of the Dyson Perrins Museum, now known as the Worcester Porcelain Museum. He was awarded an MBE in the Queen’s 2008 Birthday Honours List for services to the ceramics industry, broadcasting and his charitable work. Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.