Audrey (played by Sue Nicholls) has been a part of the Coronation Street community since 1979 and her quarrels with her daughter, Gail Platt (Helen Worth), have led to disastrous results in the past. As next week's episodes of the ITV soap come along, the mother and daughter duo are at each other's throats once more and it seems the stalwart has had enough of being bossed around. However, when a familiar face returns to the cobbles in the nick of time to save the pensioner from dying, it seems some thought decisions are going to have to be made. The drama begins as Shona Platt (Julia Goulding) agrees to keep an eye on Audrey, who is still recovering from her cataracts operation. David Platt's (Jack P Shepherd) wife agrees to do so on the condition her mother-in-law gets rid of a Thai brass elephant ornament. Unfortunately, she doesn't do her job well at all as Audrey goes walkabouts and is found by Gail enjoying some alcoholic beverages in the Rovers Return. Gail attempts to wrestle the bottle out of her mother's hand but to no avail and she leaves her to speak with Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox). After bickering for so long, the pair bury the hatchet and agree to move on as friends, rather than dwell on the past. READ MORE: 'Thanks for asking' Charlie Stayt responds to BBC Breakfast exit probe Later in the week, Rita once again finds her friend in the pub having a drink and urges her to rethink her choices as she owns the barbers. Needing something to fill her time, Audrey agrees to go back to work and walks into the barbers, announcing the news to David. In a celebratory mood, she cracks open a bottle of wine and begins flirting with Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott), who has called in for a trim. Fed up with his grandmother's antics, David implores Audrey to go home and as she heads for the door, she trips on Gail's Thai brass elephant. Having fallen to the floor, she is helped up and not worrying about how injured she could be, she ends up playing table football with Ryan. When Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) arrives and sees what's happening, she tells Audrey to leave but the pensioner refuses. With the stalwart not budging, Gail is brought in to try and make her mother see sense but when she raises the subject of her drinking, the iconic character loses it. Having lived with the Platts since having the operation, Audrey announces she is moving back to Grasmere Drive with immediate effect. As no one has managed to get through to her, Audrey is left in the barbers on her own and it's not long before tragedy strikes. After knocking into the motorbike used for decoration, Audrey falls to the floor as the vehicle ends up on top of her. DON'T MISS...Sue Cleaver weight loss: Soap star dropped 3st without strict diet [ANALYSIS]Ken Morley: Star recalls the first sign of prostate cancer [COMMENT]Coronation Street star Alex Bain in hospital update after injury [COMMENT] Audrey tries to cry for help but soon the pain is too much and she ends up lying on the floor motionless, with viewers left wondering if she will make it. The next morning, Brian Packham (Peter Gunn) and Elaine Jones (Paula Wilcox) are walking past the barbers when they hear a weak cry. Just as Brian goes to tell Audrey's family, her son Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) jumps out of a taxi as he makes his return to the cobbles. Having jumped out of a taxi, he breaks down the door to the barbers and finds his mother in a helpless state, clearly in severe pain. Meanwhile, the Platts are holding a family meeting at the same time to discuss Audrey's drinking and they ask for Peter Barlow's (Chris Gascoyne) advice. As they debate whether they should listen to his advice, Brian rushes through the door to tell them what has happened to Audrey. When they arrive on the scene, with the ambulance outside the barbers, they are all shocked to see Stephen standing there. He is furious with them for not noticing Audrey was gone all night and he informs them he is going to take action now he's back. With the stalwart clearly unable to live by herself anymore, will her family decide it's time for her to move into a care home? If they do this, it could mean Audrey's time on the show will come to an end as she is written out of the drama on the cobbles. The actress who plays Audrey, Sue, has previously spoken about the idea of leaving the show she has been on for over 43 years. Sue explained: "If they’ll have me, I'd love to be here in 10 years' time because I like playing her. There's lots to achieve yet, so if I get the sack I'll lock myself in Audrey's salon and refuse to leave. "I’ve never planned anything in my life, work-wise. I just took the jobs that came and that was lovely. “There are so many people who I would love to thank, but I can’t because it’s bad enough all my gorgeous people there. “But to go back 40 years we’d still be here in two hours. So I just want to thank not just the actors… I just love it so much. “I get on better in the Weatherfield world than I do in the real world, to be honest. I want to thank all the studio people," she told The Mirror. Is it time to say goodbye to the iconic character? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.