Arsenal have struck a surprise agreement with Porto to sign attacking midfielder Fabio Vieira, who is now due to travel to England for a medical ahead of a switch to north London, according to reports. The Gunners are understood to have made the breakthrough in negotiations with the Portuguese giants for the 22-year-old in the past few hours as he prepares to embark on a new chapter in the Premier League and it's claimed he could touch down in the capital as soon as this evening.  Arsenal have had a slow start to their summer transfer window and have had to watch Tottenham conclude three impressive signings before making their mark in the market - besides the capture of 19-year-old winger Marquinhos from Sao Paulo. But now the wait has seemingly been worth it following a bolt from the blue in their pursuit of first-team reinforcements. According to Portuguese journalist Pedro Sepulveda, Vieira is now on his way to Arsenal in what could prove to be a major coup for Mikel Arteta and Edu. The player's release clause stands at £36million but as per Fabrizio Romano, Arsenal's promising proposal is worth around £29m plus add-ons. READ MORE: Arsenal 'close to agreeing' Gabriel Jesus transfer after Man City receive official offer Porto are seemingly prepared to accept with final details on payment terms set to be discussed. Vieira had reportedly been attracting interest from Liverpool prior to Arsenal's agreement with Porto. The Portuguese U21 international is said to be 'dreaming' of Premier League football, an ambition he could now be set to fulfil this summer. He is set to sign a five-year deal with Arsenal, where he will hope to play a significant role under Arteta as they look to seal the return of Champions League football following final-day heartbreak in the Premier League. DON'T MISSArsenal 'on course' to complete transfer after Tottenham strike Yves Bissouma agreementArsenal and Tottenham 'offered chance' to sign Barcelona reject after cut-throat Xavi callMan Utd and Arsenal have chance to sign budget-friendly back-up Premier League striker Vieira has reportedly accepted Arsenal's proposal and they are a club he would be more than happy to join. Arsenal are continuing to thrash out the final formalities surrounding the deal, as they put plans in place to welcome Vieira in north London. Meanwhile, Arsenal are also optimistic they are on course to strike a deal with Manchester City for striker Gabriel Jesus. The Gunners have now tabled their opening offer, worth an estimated £30m, for the 25-year-old.  Jesus is open to making the move to the Emirates Stadium despite Arsenal's failure to secure Champions League football. The same applies to Youri Tielemans, also Arsenal are yet to firm up their interest in the Leicester midfielder. It's currently unclear whether their pursuit of Vieira would impact their interest in Tielemans, who can leave Leicester this summer. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here