Nadine Dorries has once again proved herself to be a staunch ally of the Prime Minister as the Culture Secretary slapped down any suggestions that Boris Johnson was a "dead man walking" after disgruntled Conservative MPs secured a vote of no-confidence over partygate. Ms Dorries told Sky News's Kay Burley that Mr Johnson had "got every single big decision right" and backed the Prime Minister to survive Monday evening's vote. Mr Dorries told Sky News: "So I'd say the only thing that matters are the 14 million people who voted for him in the General Election. "The Prime Minister won the biggest majority of any Conservative Prime Minister since Margaret Thatcher. "It's kind of a slight day of madness today, but I hope we get through this vote tonight, we will get through this tonight and we can move on smoothly. "No, he isn't a dead man walking! Because as I said, he's got every single big decision right and really, that's all people should be focused on the cost of living crisis, the war in Ukraine, and the big decisions that need to be made moving forward. We need our prime minister to be focused."   DON'T MISSPriti Patel FURY at left wing Remoaners challenging Rwanda removal [REACT]Meghan and Harry hold 'secret talks' with Prince Charles [REVEAL]Queen's presence in our lives for 70 years touches on the mystical [INSIGHT] Asked what she would say to Tory rebels who are thinking of voting against Mr Johnson, she told Sky News: "Vote for the Prime Minister because that's what 14 million people in the country did in a general election, you know. "Everybody always writes off Boris Johnson. They wrote him off before two mayoral elections, they wrote him off over Brexit and he delivered Brexit, and they wrote him off before the 2019 election. "He's a winner who always delivers. "If they want to win their seats in the next general election, they need to vote for Boris Johnson tonight."  The Culture Secretary said: "Anyone who says that this isn't being co-ordinated and isn't being organised behind the scenes, I'm afraid, is not telling you the truth. "This is a very well-organised campaign. "It's a perfect storm for some - it's remainers who are taking in others who are disaffected and, for a number of reasons, those who who've lost their jobs in cabinet or as ministers, and I'm afraid anyone who says that this isn't organised is not telling you the truth. "It is a very well-organised campaign by a small number of individuals, some who believe that they should be the next prime minister." DON'T MISSPriti Patel FURY at left wing Remoaners challenging Rwanda removal [REACT]Meghan and Harry hold 'secret talks' with Prince Charles [REVEAL]Queen's presence in our lives for 70 years touches on the mystical [INSIGHT] Asked which individuals, she said: "I'm not going to say but it's a small number of individuals who've organised and whipped up this storm, and I'm afraid we're going to reach a point where people aren't going to vote for the Conservative Party because people don't vote for divided parties. "So, we need to get this vote over and done with, and those MPs need to hear a clear message." Asked if she is concerned about the vote, the Culture Secretary told Sky News: "No, I'm not worried at all. In fact, I'd like to get this vote out of the way so that we can get on focusing on the issues that really need to be focused on." Referring to Mr Johnson's win at the 2019 general election, she added: "I find it utterly bizarre that a small number of MPs think that they can overrule that vote of 14 million people. It's quite something that they think they can do that and so let's get this vote done, let's move on tomorrow. The Prime Minister is going to win comfortably tonight and we can move on."