Gabriel Martinelli has dropped a hint over Arsenal's pursuit of Gabriel Jesus amid reports the Gunners are prepared to pay the striker £200,000 a week. Martinelli has posted a picture on his Instagram story of himself in Brazil national team training. Jesus is the only other Brazil player in the image. The Arsenal star is seen juggling a ball as the Manchester City forward watched on in the background. Arsenal fans on social media were immediately getting excited after the post which went online on early Saturday afternoon. One supporter wrote: "Agent Gabriel Martinelli is back at it again from the Brazil training camp." Another put: "Martinelli knows something". Jesus is Arsenal's No 1 striker target this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd staff already have Ten Hag nickname after sending 'electricity' through club  The departure of Alexandre Lacazette leaves Mikel Arteta in need of a new frontman. And The Sun claims Arsenal are prepared to give Jesus a weekly wage of £200,000, making him one of the highest earners at the club. Jesus' contract at City expires at the end of next season. He was a regular player for Pep Guardiola in the closing stages of last term. However, the signing of Erling Haaland and the impending arrival of Julian Alvarez could have an impact on the 25-year-old's game time. Martinelli is with the Brazil squad on international duty and Arsenal fans will be hoping he and Gabriel Magalhaes can help convince Jesus to join their club. DON'T MISSChelsea target Declan Rice may be enticed by 'dream shirt number' at Stamford Bridge [TRANSFERS]Newcastle ready to launch 'monster offer' as Arsenal pull out of £85m transfer race [REPORT]Christian Eriksen should seal Tottenham return due to Man Utd transfer warning [OPINION]  Jesus scored in Brazil's 5-1 friendly win over South Korea on Thursday. And speaking after the match, he said he would look into his future from next week. Jesus said: “I’m looking to see what’s best for me and above all, for my career. From Tuesday, we’ll see what is the best." Arsenal are set to extend the contract of Eddie Nketiah, whose current deal expires this summer. But they will still look to sign a striker and Jesus is the top target for Mikel Arteta.  Jesus spoke to the Guardian about his future in April and admitted getting more game time is not just a problem for himself at the Etihad. He said: “It’s not just me, it’s [all] the players. "If you ask, everyone’s going to say ‘I want to play’ and the season that I arrived here I played a lot, I think. I know what I expect of course but I know we have very good players who can play every game as well and sometimes it’s not just me, it’s Riyad [Mahrez], sometimes Raz [Sterling], and [Jack] Grealish arrives this season and sees how it is here. "We have a lot of good strikers, wingers and forwards.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 