Prince Charles gave his consent for Commonwealth nations to remove the Queen as head of state. The future head of the Commonwealth said that the process of becoming a republic can happen “calmly and without rancour”. The Prince of Wales addressed Commonwealth leaders at the opening ceremony of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda. READ MORE: Prince Charles follows in father's footsteps with new title after Prince Philip’s death He said on Friday, June 24: “The Commonwealth contains within it, countries that have had constitutional relationships with my family, some that continue to do so, and increasingly those that have had none. “I want to say clearly, as I have said before, that each member's Constitutional arrangement, as republic or monarchy, is purely a matter for each member country to decide. “The benefit of long life brings me the experience that arrangements such as these can change, calmly and without rancour.” His speech acknowledges that several Commonwealth countries are looking to replace the British Monarchy with their own heads of state. Barbados made the historic move in November last year and elected its first president, with Charles attending the handover ceremony as a guest of honour. Charles continued: “We should never forget the things which do not change: the close and trusted partnership between Commonwealth members; our common values and shared goals; and, perhaps most importantly, the strong and enduring connections between the peoples of the Commonwealth which strengthen us all.” As a result, Express.co.uk readers were asked whether the Royal Family should try and keep the Commonwealth under the Firm’s leadership. In a poll that ran from 11am on Monday, June 27, to 1pm on Wednesday, June 29, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the Royal Family give up trying to keep the Commonwealth?” In total, 1,768 people voted and overall, readers were divided on the future of the Commonwealth. Some 54 percent (947 people) said “yes”, the Royal Family should give up trying to keep the Commonwealth. Meanwhile, 44 percent (783 people) said “no”, the Royal Family should not give up, and just two percent (38 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the future of the Commonwealth. Some argued that the Commonwealth nations are already independent so can make their own choice when deciding their future. One reader, username Grummer, said: “The Queen is only the Head of State, she doesn't own or keep any of the Commonwealth countries. “It is up to countries, if they wish to remove the Queen as head of state. They are already independent countries as it is.” DON'T MISS: 'What have we got into?' Harry and Meghan fans 'turn away' from couple, expert claims [VIDEO]Royal POLL: Should Prince William step in and let Prince Charles retire? [VOTE]'Grass isn’t greener' Britons mock 'homesick' Harry for thinking he’d have perfect LA life [LATEST] Another reader, username FaerieQueene, said: “The member nations of the Commonwealth should make that decision, no-one else. And they have decided to keep the monarchy as Head of the Commonwealth.” Others agreed the Commonwealth was evolving but was not in danger of being disbanded. Username Peterontruth said: “It's the Commonwealth governments that decide whether they stick together. It has weathered the test of time and controversy, so will hopefully continue.” Username Topsy57 wrote: “I don't think the Commonwealth is in any danger, especially as only a handful of the 54 nations who are members actually have the Queen as their Head of State. “It doesn't matter if they all become republics or not, they can still remain a Commonwealth of Nations.” And username gTIME said: “Alliances change over time and can become relevant in different ways. “I think constant assessment, evaluation of mutual objectives, and honest reciprocity will serve the Commonwealth and those in it.” While username Brian at home said: “Keep the Commonwealth as it's a group of like-minded countries that look after one another when it's required.”