Cleaning expert Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Wendie Oatley-Summers asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Advice please. My washing machine smells awful, I’ve cleaned the dispenser drawer, all seals, filter and even the u-bend. “No matter what I do it makes no difference. “Even put it in a 90C wash with a bottle of Zoflora followed by a Milton wash. “I’m at my wits’ end. I was just gonna buy a new one but nothing in stock. Any suggestions would be very welcomed.” Wendie’s post was inundated with more than 30 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular suggestion was to use soda crystals in the washing machine. Barb Gasby said: “Get some soda crystals (Home Bargains 89p, at the moment). READ MORE: 10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ “Each month put a cupful into the empty machine and put on a 90C wash for an hour. Do this in the first instance. “But you can use them in a clothes wash as a stain remover so I add a small amount (two cap lids from washing liquid). “Since I’ve done this, I’ve had a lovely-smelling machine as well as lovely-smelling washing. I hope this helps.” Marilyn Wilkes replied: “I never use fabric conditioner. I always use powder for whites and liquid for colours. “Put the powder in the drawer with the soda crystals. Put soda crystals in the drawer and liquid in a small plastic cup with the washing.  DON'T MISSAre there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [INSIGHT]Use newspaper to ‘stop weed growth’ completely - ‘cheap and effective’ [UPDATE]‘Best time of year’ to fertilise your lawn - ‘boosts the condition’ [ANALYSIS] “After every use, dry the rubber seal in the machine and take out the drawer, dry it out and leave the machine door open. “You should never get a smelly washing machine and I live in a hard water area. Don’t waste your money on Calgon or similar. “Years of experience has taught me all this! Good luck.” Lorraine Oakley wrote: “A cup of soda crystals in every wash - straight in the drum. Will keep your machine and pipes clean.” Diane Wilson suggested: “Soda crystals on a hot wash, then a scoop of them in the drum with washing on every wash.” Georgina Chandler responded: “Do a few long hot washes with half a bag of soda crystals in the drum. “If it's the machine then this should clean it.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lesley Taylor said: “Soda crystals on a hot wash. Never add a smell to get rid of another smell.” Dri-Pak Soda Crystals are available for 99p from Savers. DP Soda Crystals are also available to buy in Waitrose for £1.75. Wilko Original Soda Crystals are £1.50 for 1.5kg. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using drain cleaner, dishwasher tablets and washing machine cleaner. Amanda Harley replied: “I put a bottle of drain cleaner down the outlet pipe every couple of months plus changed to powder - works for me.”  Gail Smith commented: “An engineering advised me a 90C wash with no clothes or detergent. “You'll be amazed how much foam will be created with nothing in.” Helen McFadden said: “Be sure to wash the rubber around the door opening with mould and mildew spray. A lot of gunge can sit in it.” Karen Matthews wrote: “I use a washing machine cleaner on 90C wash and it solved mine.” Sarah Fleming commented: “Dishwasher tablets with washing powder in the drum, hottest wash you got.”