Moisture and warmth are two of the key contributing factors to mouldy, spoiled produce, so it’s important to get the balance right when it comes to storing fresh fruits and vegetables. While some items will do best in the fridge and others in an open fruit bowl, there are a few clever hacks you can try to keep your leafy greens and sweet fruits from going to waste. Here’s the best method for washing and storing your fresh fruits and vegetables at home. Fresh produce can become contaminated in several ways, so washing is important no matter what kind of fruit or vegetables you’re eating. Most varieties can be washed under plain, cold water, but you can add some white vinegar into the mix for a deeper treatment against pesticides, pathogens and fungi. The most basic fruit and vegetable wash can be made from a mixture of water and distilled white vinegar. READ MORE: Best way to store strawberries - clever trick to make them last longer How to wash and store fresh fruit to make it last longerFresh produce can become contaminated in several ways, so washing is important no matter what kind of fruit or vegetables you’re eating.Most varieties can be washed under plain, cold water, but you can add some white vinegar into the mix for a deeper treatment against pesticides, pathogens and fungi.The most basic fruit and vegetable wash can be made from a mixture of water and distilled white vinegar.  To wash solid fruits like apples, pears, plums and oranges, combine the liquids into a large bowl or spray bottle, using one part water for every three parts vinegar. You can also add a tablespoon of lemon juice for extra disinfecting power and a fresher taste. Either mist your produce using the spray bottle or soak the fruits in the water bath. Rinse the produce with fresh water after soaking or spritzing to remove the taste of the vinegar and lemon. Washing will clean and prevent flies from settling on the fruits and veggies, which can make them spoil more quickly. Leave the fruits to dry on a clean tea towel or use some kitchen roll to remove excess moisture. Store fruits that need to ripen on the counter in a large bowl until they’re ready to go in the fridge. These include: DON'T MISS:Mary Berry reveals 'secret' to the 'perfect' Victoria Sponge cake [REVEAL]Quick sponge cake recipe: 3 best flavours to add for the perfect bake [INSIGHT]'Freshest' cucumber kiwi and spicy charred pineapple margarita recipe [ANALYSIS] According to UnlockFood, the recommended fridge storage time for the following fruits are: Strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, cherries and raspberries are all summer staples, but they will quickly go-off if they’re left to ripen in the wrong place. According to Home & Kind, the “most effective” way to make your fruit last longer is to soak the punnet of soft fruits in a bowl of water and vinegar. Place berries in a big bowl filled with water and about 1/4 cup vinegar (distilled white or apple cider both work). Soak for about five minutes, similarly to solid fruits before rinsing. Dry the fruits on a clean towel to air dry, slicing strawberries beforehand to keep them fresh for longer. Once the berries are mostly dry, place in an airtight, glass container and store in the fridge. Grapes should be removed from the vine before washing to keep them fresh.