Yellowstone fans are eagerly awaiting the show’s return with season five of the Paramount Network drama slated to premiere on November 13. The drama has been onscreen since 2018 and has steadily built up a strong following with audiences unable to get enough. The cast has also been thrust into the spotlight with actress Kelly Reilly gaining a loyal legion of fans, who have been captivated by her performance as the broken yet steely Beth Dutton. British actress Reilly was born in Chessington, London, and has an English accent. She explained how she “cut her teeth” in London theatre and learned from “the greatest theatre actors”, working with some of the “best” directors. Adding: “I had some incredible experiences and roles.” For the character of financier Beth, who was born and raised on a ranch in Montana, Reilly was required to put on an American accent. The actress, whose previous projects include Pride and Prejudice and True Detective, has employed different accents over the years for her various roles. READ MORE: Yellowstone: Who is Rip and where does Rip come from? So, the American accent should come as no challenge to the seasoned star, however, Reilly admitted she found it tough working on Yellowstone and maintaining her dialect for Beth. Reilly’s accent never slips when she plays Beth on Yellowstone, but Reilly said her British accent kept her from “hardly” talking to other people on set. Speaking earlier this year on The Official Yellowstone Podcast, she explained: “It’s not about breaking character. “You hear those stories about actors staying in their dialect off-camera. I would admire them, but I’d feel like an idiot speaking [to the cast and crew] in my American accent. READ MORE: Yellowstone: Who died in Yellowstone episode 1? Tragic backstory “I couldn’t make peace with that, it’s just bananas. So it was easier to just not talk, and not let anyone know me for about two seasons.” She went on to say: “It wasn’t about getting people to be convinced that I could play Beth or that I was Beth or whatever. “But it was more about me staying in the space, because it does become a pretty sacred space when you’re in that level of work that you want to be and protect and want to get right to the audience. I just needed to be convinced of it myself.” The star joked about keeping to herself: “It was a bit of a vow of silence. DON'T MISS...Kelly Reilly nationality: Where is Yellowstone star Kelly Reilly from? [EXPLAINER]Yellowstone: Is Kelly Reilly Kevin Costner's daughter? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 1 recap: What happened in Yellowstone series 1? [ANALYSIS] “Everyone just thought I was unfriendly or whatever but I just had the weight of this beast on my shoulders. “Just how [Yellowstone creator Taylor Sheridan] writes her. He gives me big, great chunks of dialogue that are really hard to say, even in my accent.” Reilly added: “So me getting my mouth around that muscularity and all those r’s is hard.” She told co-star and podcast host Jefferson White she worked with a dialect coach to perfect her accent. When Reilly appears on the behind-the-scenes videos for Yellowstone, she noticeably drops her American accent for her native British dialect. The star said she had a “lot of fun” playing Beth and even said she “spent a lot of time” apologising to her fellow actors before launching into an excoriating tirade as her alter-ego. Reilly described the crew as a “family” and felt she was in a privileged position working on Yellowstone. She said: “I love working in Montana. That’s a win. I would not want to be on a back lot in California for four years.” Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network on November 13.