Last week Prince Harry and Meghan Markle joined the Royal Family for the first time since stepping back as senior working royals in 2020. But after being noteably absent form several events, the couple reportedly flew back to the US on Sunday and many royal fans have been left wondering when the Sussexes will appear again on this side of the pond. And they may not have too long to wait.  Harry may visit the UK if his long-awaited memoir is released later this year, it has been claimed. Hilary Rose wrote in The Times: "When or if we will see the Sussexes back in the UK, let alone whether we’ll see William and Harry joshing as they used to, only time will tell. "Harry’s book is due out in the autumn, so it’s entirely possible that he’ll pop over then, flog a few copies and ruin the royal Christmas." When news of Harry's memoir was announced, Penguin Random House said the book would be published globally in "late 2022".  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'deeply unhappy' at Jubilee as Duke regrets Megxit Harry might be expected to promote the book at events or on TV when it is released, and many are expecting the book to include some revelations about his life in the Royal Family. When the book was announced, the Duke of Sussex said he was writing it "not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become". He added: "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned—I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.”   Harry has made clear he still has a strong affinity with the UK despite living in the US for two years now, and he and Meghan have kept Frogmore Cottage as their UK residence. In fact, the pair only returned home to the USA after celebrating their daughter Lilibet's first birthday at their old Windsor home. But it seems the US is firmly his main residence for now, as he told NBC's TODAY show in April: "Home for me now, for the time being, is in the States and it feels that way. “We’ve been welcomed with open arms and have such a great community up in Santa Barbara.”  DON'T MISS:Mike Tindall 'steps to fore' amid calls for bigger royal role [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry release emotional statement over Lilibet [ANALYSIS]Lorraine addresses Queen photograph 'ban' for first Lilibet meeting [VIDEO] Even so, however, the pair's return this Jubilee was hotly anticipated after bombshell TV interviews prompted rumours of a rift between the Sussexes and the Royal Family in recent years. But Meghan and Harry's focus was firmly on celebrating the Queen and her long reign, despite being missing from the Trooping The Colour balcony appearance as only working royals were invited to join the Queen, leaving out several royals including the Sussexes. The pair kept a low profile as they watched the procession with other non-working royals from Horse Guard's Parade. The following day, Harry and Meghan looked delighted to attend the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, and many in the crowd cheered upon their arrival.  The couple were not seated with working royals during the service and instead took up a spot on the opposite side of the chapel with the rest of the Queen's grandchildren and extended family. But as for the other Platinum Jubilee events over the four-day weekend, Meghan and Harry were noticeably absent. The Sussexes didn't appear at the Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday night, nor did they attend the Platinum Jubilee Pageant on Sunday. 