Some 92,000 motorists will have to pay extra attention on the road during the upcoming bank holiday weekend. According to the latest data, there are currently over 90,000 drivers in the UK with nine, 10, or 11 points on their driving licence. This means that they are at serious risk of losing it, if they commit an offence. Motoring experts at RAC are estimating that over 20 million car journeys will be made during the Platinum Jubilee. Millions of Britons are also expected to take to the country’s streets this bank holiday weekend, meaning road closures, traffic delays, and an increase in the number of pedestrians. This means that drivers are much more likely to commit a traffic offence and receive three or more points on their licence. In the UK, anyone who exceeds the 12-point threshold will face a driving ban. READ MORE: Platinum Jubilee traffic chaos to start today According to IAM RoadSmart, there are currently 80,484 motorists in the UK with nine points on their licence, 7,804 with 10 points, and 4,313 with 11 points. On top of that, a Freedom of Information request submitted to the DVLA by IAM RoadSmart revealed that there are over 8,000 motorists who are still driving despite having 12 or more points on their licence. Neil Greig, Director of Policy and Research at IAM RoadSmart, said: “The number of motorists still driving on UK roads with more than 12 points, or just under the driving ban threshold, is alarming. “It is also an opportune occasion to educate motorists on some motoring laws that they might be unaware can result in licence points, so that motorists can change their driving habits and carry out regular basic checks of their vehicle to help make the roads safer for all users.” DON'T MISS Parents warned of ‘morning after’ drink driving [WARNING] 15-year-old girl caught teaching dad how to drive [SHOCKING] Drivers face £2,500 fines for arguing while driving [REVEAL] Experts at IAM RoadSmart have also urged drivers to be extra vigilant in the next few days. According to industry experts, as many as 133,000 roads across Britain will be closed off due to planned celebrations. This will result in an increased number of pedestrians meaning that in some areas, drivers will need to be particularly vigilant of more people crossing roads. Mr Greig said: “The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend promises to be a fantastic occasion. “However, the celebrations run the risk of being marred if motorists fail to plan ahead and seriously consider how the occasion will change the dynamics on the nation’s roads. “We would like to urge drivers to take extra care this weekend by planning journeys, being vigilant of the prospect of more pedestrians, and exercising ‘none for the road’ if you are considering drinking alcohol. “This way, we can ensure we all have a right royal time and make the Jubilee weekend one to remember.” Motorists have also been warned of huge congestions towards the end of the week. Traffic conditions are expected to get very busy over the next four days with over 20 million car journeys expected to take place. Motoring expert at RAC said that Friday June 3 will be the busiest day with an estimated 3.6 million motorists on the road. The worst times to travel on Friday will be between 7am and 2pm. Motorists have been urged to avoid the A303 and the M25 where traffic conditions will be the worst. Thursday will also prove tricky for anyone planning a road trip. An estimated 3.3 million drivers will take to the roads. Motorists have been advised not to travel between 9am and 2pm. The most congested traffic hotspots will include the M5 and the M25.