The UK is spoilt for choice when it comes to staycation spots and days out, with everything from the Yorkshire Dales and Lake District to Scotland’s scenic North Coast 500 to explore. While many of us will visit a handful of these iconic places throughout our lives, new research has revealed that there are at least 40 must-see spots that simply can’t be missed. Whether you’re looking for culture, history, or a breath of fresh air in the great outdoors, there’s something for everyone on NatWest’s list of unmissable places to visit at least once. Read on to see how many you’ve already ticked off the list. Exploring every corner of the UK is something many of us dream of, but how often do we actually take the time to do it? According to research commissioned by NatWest, a staggering 84 percent of the nation admitted that there is a long list of places they have “yet to explore” across the country, but it's not always as simple as packing up and heading off on a trip away. With so much to see and often so little time to plan ahead, Express.co.uk reveals the top 40 places you need to visit, so you can focus on working through your British travel bucket list. READ MORE: Airline set to install world’s first bunk beds for economy passenger You don’t need to go abroad to enjoy the sun, sea and stunning landscapes this summer. Instead, why not enjoy everything that’s on offer right here in England? DON'T MISS:Cornwall fears cost of living crisis will hurt tourism this summer [LATEST]Britain’s sunniest beaches with the least rainfall [INSIGHT]Cornwall Airbnb superhost says people snubbing holiday lets [ANALYSIS]   Tours and road trips are the best way to experience the unbelievable Scottish sights all at once. Why not try: While there is plenty to see in Northern Ireland, the Giant’s Causeway simply can’t be missed. Climb the basalt steps of the famous causeway in County Antrim for an experience to remember. Be sure to book a walking gin tour through the iconic pubs and artisan distilleries in Belfast for the full Irish experience.