The scandal lasted 16 years and now an inquiry and report costing £6million have been produced. So, in the light of this truly shocking testimony, how come the number of police officers fired is zero? Events in this South Yorkshire town paint a troubling picture of unimaginable widespread depravity and unforgivable police blunders. While it is understood police are still pursuing some of the culprits, those who have already been tracked down, prosecuted, convicted and sentenced have been jailed for a total of 250 years. The way the gang, the vast majority of whom were of Pakistani origin, operated was ruthlessly callous. Girls, mostly white but some mixed race, were targeted on the streets if they were seen to be out late, hanging around on street corners or skimpily dressed. They would then be “befriended” by the men and given gifts of trainers, phones or vouchers for fast food. In many instances, these girls were from troubled family backgrounds or living in care. Once snared, they were plied with cheap booze and then subjected to sexual assaults or even rape. They were “shared” around the gang and on occasion some were even driven to other parts of the country and made to have intercourse or perform sexual acts with individuals as others looked on. They were then given a bottle of vodka and driven home. Suspicions concerning a network of this size operating at this level, unsurprisingly, grew quickly and reports were made to the local police. And this is where stories of overwhelming police incompetence, inability and even corruption surface. The father of one victim was told the police were powerless as action could stoke racial tension. Another was insultingly informed that “streetwise” girls saw older Asian men as a “fashion accessory”. Victims themselves fared little better. One, on reporting she was a victim of a sexual assault, was told to “come back when you’re sober”. Another was found half-naked hiding under the bed of her abuser, but cops arrested her for possession of a truncheon! She subsequently told how she saw one officer buying steroids from one of her gang of abusers. And another, aged just 13 when she was targeted, told police if she refused to have sex with the men to whom she was “farmed out”, she would be beaten. It is testament to the craven fear exhibited by far too many organisations in this country. Rather than act decisively on what is admittedly a highly charged issue, they pretend nothing is going on. They dodge all and any sense of duty of care to these poor girls and their families, all the while telling themselves they won’t then be guilty of any racist behaviour. So here’s a message to these underperforming cowards: there’s nothing racist in confronting the sexual abuse of children. Had police acted, I’m prepared to bet that among the most grateful would have been the majority of decent families of Pakistani origin, who would have been just as appalled by this shameful behaviour as anyone else. Just as it disgraces their families, so it is clearly against the teachings of their Islamic faith. By their lack of guts and gumption, South Yorkshire police allows the narrative of gangs of sexual predators to grow. Meanwhile, most of the “police” who failed these poor girls will have retired, presumably on full pensions. And as they sit back, those victims – systematically abused and raped by gangs of paedophiles – have been robbed of both their childhood and their innocence. The whitewash of those on the thin blue line in these circumstances is nothing short of deplorable. --------------------------------------------- Rail strikes will spark wave of industrial action Suddenly, it was as if time had stood still. Workers were on strike, roads were clogged, bosses and unions were at each others’ throats and Arthur Scargill, then popped up on the picket line wearing a baseball cap. You’d have been excused for thinking we were back in the 1980s. All it needed was Kate Bush at number one and Top Gun in the cinemas. Now hang on a minute... Currently, it is the rail workers who are on strike. But they could soon be followed by postal workers, doctors, teachers, baggage handlers and, bizarrely, barristers. This wave of industrial action has the capability to define both the leaders of our two main political parties. For Labour, Sir Keir Starmer has turned into a Trappist monk – unable to decide if he does, or doesn’t support the strikers. For PM Boris Johnson, it could be whether he’s prepared to follow an approach from one of his predecessors, Margaret Thatcher, and take on the unions. A weird, and somewhat crude observation, but are we about to discover if Boris has “the balls” of The Iron Lady? --------------------------------------------- Literature curriculum shake-up could deprive children of genius It portrayed the most searing of images. Helpless young men, staring death in the face, struggling to fit their gas masks in time before their lungs caught alight. If they failed, they tumbled glassy-eyed into the enveloping mud. Heroic soldiers who survived conflict but lost limbs, watching as the pretty girls avoided their eyes and walked off with their friends who’d suffered no casualties. Others, laden down with backpacks, forced to share trenches with rats and the toxic mix of mustard gas and death. Was this a movie, TV series or even a vivid painting? None of the above. Rather it was poetry by the peerless Wilfred Owen and I was a schoolboy who was reading with both fascination and horror. Now one examination board, OCR, is to drop Owen’s work from the syllabus in September as well as works by Philip Larkin and Seamus Heaney. It says of the new material to be studied: “Of the 15 poets whose work has been added, 14 are poets of colour. Six are black women, one is of South Asian heritage. Our new poets also include disabled and LGBTQ+ voices.” The world must move forward, but is it right to deprive children of such genius to do so? --------------------------------------------- Boris Johnson is in trouble To lose two by-elections is bad enough. But to lose your party chairman in the process is humiliating. Prime Minister Boris Johnson finds himself, yet again, in the tightest of political corners. If Houdini is to survive, it will take skill, luck and most importantly some real policies. Therefore, instead of repeating the mantra about “listening” and “fighting the cost-of-living crisis”, let’s have proper action: The price of petrol and diesel cut by 20p a litre, VAT in hospitality cut and the proposed Corporation Tax rise reversed. --------------------------------------------- Asda's English sparkling wines are a must-have English wines hit the headlines recently and scooped some key awards, so here’s one you can get at a bargain price for one more week. The Asquith Gardens English sparkling wine is both delicate and delicious and is reduced to £12.49 at Asda until next Sunday.