Mishal Husain and Dominic Raab clashed in a tense interview as the Deputy Prime Minister was invited onto the Today programme to provide the Government's reaction to the ECHR ruling. The European court in Strasbourg has effectively grounded flights taking asylum seekers from the UK to Rwanda, something which Mr Raab was quick to call out before becoming mired in the legal details of the judgment with the BBC radio presenter. Mr Raab told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "The point that successive UK courts from the High Court, accepted by the Court of Appeals have said, is that there was no grounds for an injunction, and therefore, the deportations could have gone ahead. "Look of course we will adhere to the legal ruling that said now because of what the Strasbourg court had said, because of the way Human Rights Act operators, that we have to stay. "But the point I'm making, I think it was quite wrong for the Strasbourg Court to exercise this power in general, and in particular, in this case, because the High Court, Mr Justice Swift was very clear in terms of he said, there was no realistic risk that in the interim period, there would have been any harm to those who have been deported. "And there was a legitimate public interest in the Home Secretary pursuing her policy." Ms Husain replied: "They were dealing with slightly different things, one was the overall policy and one was the individual rights, if it was wrong..." Mr Raab interrupted: "Mishal you're just quite wrong! "I'm literally reading from the judgment if you've read it! have you read the judgment?" "I have and I am pointing out there are several different legal aspects of this that are being pursued," defended the BBC host. It comes after the European Court of Human Rights granted last-minute interim measures covering three people who had been due to be on the first flight to Rwanda on Tuesday night. The row has led to calls from some Tory MPs to pull out of the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR), the document interpreted by the court in Strasbourg - something which No 10 and Attorney General Suella Braverman have not ruled out, although it appears unlikely the Government would want to take such a drastic step. The Justice Secretary said the UK would stay within the convention but new laws could ensure that interim measures from the Strasbourg court could effectively be ignored by the Government. The Government plans to replace the Human Rights Act, which enshrines the ECHR in domestic law, with a new Bill of Rights. DON'T MISS: EU legal action: Why Brussels is kicking off over Brexit bill [INSIGHT] 'Way forward is not tearing up treaty!' Irish host blasts UK diplomat [REPORT] Liz Truss: 'No reason' for EU to sue Britain over protocol plan [REVEAL] Mr Raab told Times Radio: "In relation to the latest intervention from Strasbourg, so-called Rule 39 interim orders, which are not grounded in the European Convention, they're based on the rules and procedure, internal rules of the court. "I certainly believe they should not have a legally binding effect under UK law." Asked if the UK could simply ignore the European court's ruling, Mr Raab said: "Not under the Human Rights Act, but we will address this squarely with the Bill of Rights." He told BBC Radio 4's Today: "We are going to stay within the convention but make sure the procedural framework is reformed." 