Naga Munchetty covered the Queen's Platinum Jubilee live from Buckingham Palace on BBC Breakfast over the weekend. The seasoned presenter shared a number of photos on social media ahead of the Trooping of the Colour on Saturday. The 47-year-old sparked a debate on Twitter after she showcased her attire for the big occasion. Naga sported a cobalt blue trench coat which she teamed with a yellow scarf. But one social media critic claimed the presenter had worn colours that reflected the EU flag as opposed to the colours of the Union Jack. Twitter user, @robertm46577593 fumed: "Naga Munchetty BBC wore the EU colours, during her jubilee broadcast, blue coat and huge yellow neck scarf, no one can tell me, she didn’t do this on purpose, and hence was making a political statement, she was mocking the event and laughing at us all." READ MORE: Liz Hurley, 56, celebrates Platinum Jubilee in tiny white bikini Social media users flocked to comment on the post, as many defended Naga, suggesting she had in fact been wearing the colours in support of Ukraine. @I_J_Roberts commented: "So did the Queen... what's your point?" @Gardening wrote: "Lots of people are wearing yellow and blue at the moment and it has nothing to do with the EU, just an act of solidarity with Ukraine." @lumpy_stub remarked: "Ukraine colours? Or maybe not everyone is a nationalist who drapes themselves in flags and political colours every minute of the day."  "Support for Ukraine maybe? On the other hand the Queen herself has worn some outfits which could be seen as pro EU," @LizFraser added. Naga has since reacted to a Twitter user who also suggested she had not been wearing "British colours" during her coverage. On the official BBC Breakfast account, the person in question also reacted to her attire. The post read: "The Platinum Jubilee weekend is here and #BBCBreakfast @TVNaga01 is live at Buckingham Palace - join us on @BBCOne @BBCNews." DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family[LATEST]Lulu's 'transatlantic accent' baffles Platinum Jubilee viewers[INSTAGRAM]Jennifer Lopez, 52, puts on very busty display at MTV Awards[PICTURES] @Froache replied: "Loveing the Ukraine flag dress code @TVNaga01." But @Mikesmi70551938 remarked: “Perhaps British colours might have been more appropriate." Taking note of the comment, Naga took the opportunity to hit back at the comment. She responded to the post on June 2, in view of her 272,000 followers. Naga penned: "Really @MikeSmi70551938? Thanks for the fashion advice. That was sarcasm." Fans flocked to offer their support to the BBC host, as @SteveWa tweeted: "If there's one person on TV who doesn't need fashion advice, it's the always chic Naga." @FloatyFrocks wrote: "Thought you looked fab this morning." @Carol added: "Naga always looks stylish she really doesn't need any advice from anyone. Plus she has done an amazing job presenting the Jubilee celebrations." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC one at 6am.