The Duchess of Sussex opened up on her pregnancies as she joined feminist Gloria Steinem in an interview in which they discussed the US Supreme Court's decision to overturn the Roe v Wade ruling, which had made abortion a constitutional right in all 50 US states since 1973. Meghan candidly spoke about being pregnant with her two children while discussing what the topics of abortions and women's health bring up for her. She told Vogue: "I think about how fortunate I felt to be able to have both of my children. "I know what it feels like to have a connection to what is growing inside of your body. "What happens with our bodies is so deeply personal, which can also lead to silence and stigma, even though so many of us deal with personal health crises." Meghan then mentioned her miscarriage, and the essay she penned two years ago focused on it. The Duchess said: "I know what miscarrying feels like, which I’ve talked about publicly. "The more that we normalise conversation about the things that affect our lives and bodies, the more people are going to understand how necessary it is to have protections in place." Meghan went on to discuss the Supreme Court's decision to end the protection of abortion rights granted by the Roe v Wade ruling. She said: "This is about women’s physical safety. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan finally breaks silence on 'anger' at US "It’s also about economic justice, individual autonomy, and who we are as a society. "Nobody should be forced to make a decision they do not want to make, or is unsafe, or puts their own life in jeopardy. "Frankly, whether it’s a woman being put in an unthinkable situation, a woman not ready to start a family, or even a couple who deserve to plan their family in a way that makes the most sense for them, it’s about having a choice." Meghan and Prince Harry welcomed their first child in May 2019, almost one year after their marriage. In June last year, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex also had a daughter, Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, who celebrated her first birthday in the UK during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Meghan suffered a miscarriage in July 2020, as she revealed in an article for The New York Times in November that year. In her op-ed, the Duchess vividly recalled the "sharp cramp" and tragic moments in which she realised what was happening while holding her son in her arms. The Duchess also included the emotional pain experienced by Prince Harry, writing: "Hours later, I lay in a hospital bed, holding my husband’s hand. "I felt the clamminess of his palm and kissed his knuckles, wet from both our tears. "Staring at the cold white walls, my eyes glazed over. I tried to imagine how we’d heal." At the time, Meghan was hugely praised for deciding to open up on the reality of baby loss by women's organisations and charities, who said her piece would help remove the stigma surrounding miscarriage. Midwife Sophie King, speaking on behalf of baby loss charity Tommy’s, said in 2020: "Baby loss at any stage in pregnancy is one of the most heart-breaking things a family can experience – and as Meghan Markle said, it’s experienced by many but talked about by few. "One in four pregnancies ends in loss, but it’s a real taboo in society, so mothers like Meghan sharing their stories is a vital step in breaking down that stigma and shame." Ms King added Meghan's "honesty and openness" told anyone losing a baby they are not alone. The Duchess has been an outspoken campaigner for women's rights for years, starting to demand gender equality and fight sexism when she was only a child.