Good Morning Britain's meteorologist had to apologise to Adil Ray for repeatedly calling him Aled on the ITV news programme. She threatened to quit her job as she became frustrated over her error while she tried to give an update on the weather forecast.  "I text Aled" Laura said, before quickly realising she had made the mistake again."You did it again! Laura, you're doubling down on it," co-host Charlotte Hawkins exclaimed in the studio.An embarrassed Laura replied: "It's just because I literally just text Adil to say that, 'I am sorry', and he replied, 'Who is this?'"She quipped: "This is my last day of work at Good Morning Britain, I can say I've really enjoyed working with everybody, thank you so much." Charlotte and Adil laughed at Laura joking about quitting the news programme."I can think of better ways to go," the weather reporter joked before adding: "We should move on!"Adil agreed to let the error drop and Laura was finally able to update ITV viewers on predicted thunderstorms in parts of the country. Dozens of viewers took to Twitter to comment on the blunder, with some concerned Laura might actually quit the show.  DON'T MISS... Adil Ray puts RMT boss on spot over 25% pay rise for workers [LATEST]Ranvir Singh hits back at GMB guest as row erupts over fat suits [VIDEO]GMB viewers lash out at remainer protester 'Get some security!' [UPDATE] David Tetley penned: "Please don’t go Laura hope you were not serious this morning."You are the best, for god's sake we could end up with Beresford then we would all turn off indefinitely."Grace Angel added: "Did @Lauratobin1 say she is leaving @gmb today?"Rachel King said: "Laura, please tell me you were joking about this being your last day?" Chris Chibba quipped: "Nice to have a little giggle in the morning between all the c**p with Aled and Lisa." Sam Miles said: "@Lauratobin1, thank you for cheering me up this morning! Priceless." (sic) @Mrsjbutler joked: "We've got ourselves a Lisa and [Aled], bless them." Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays from 6am on ITV. 