Eyewitnesses took to social media to share images of the blaze. Twitter user Steve O'Neill said: "Boat fire off of Eastney. Looks like @outonashout @RNLI on the scene".   Fellow Twitter user cgzwolfman tweeted: "Big fire and smoke coming from a boat off Mulberry Harbour." Eyewitness Alan Waters from cafe Coffee Cup Eastney said the emergency services have been tackling the blaze near the man-made island Horse Sand Fort.  Mr Waters said staff spotted the blaze at about 4pm. He said: "There's a boat there at the moment and they're trying to put the flames out. There were several ships nearby. We were quite surprised. [The fire] was very noticeable with thick, black smoke. It was a shock. "We could see the flames from here." Mr O'Neill saw the flames from his fourth floor flat at about 4.17pm today (June 19).  READ MORE ABOUT A LOG BURNER WARNING  He said: "We don't often see flames like that - it's quite unusual. The RNLI were quite quickly out to it and moved it further out into the Solent." Mr O'Neill added that a fire tender was also at the scene with an RNLI lifeboat. Bembridge RNLI responded to the incident in the Solent between Portsmouth and the Isle of Wight. An All-Weather lifeboat was launched after reports a 38ft vessel was on fire with two people onboard.  DON'T MISS: Paras face sacking 'for activities that bring regiment into dispute' [REVEALED] Palace shoots itself in foot by not releasing Meghan bullying report [LATEST] Kate and William's latest move is a 'slapdown' to Meghan and Harry [REPORT] Gosport and Fareham Inshore Rescue Service (GAFIRS) also attended the blaze. The Independent lifeboat crew safely recovered two casualties from the vessel and established a towline onto it. Once at the scene, Bembridge RNLI took over the tow and anchored the burning vessel. A spokeswoman for the RNLI said: "The two people have been taken ashore by Bembridge lifeboat crew and are recovering after the incident."    She added that the Queen’s Harbour Master from Portsmouth has dispatched a tug which is attempting to put out the fire. Pictures show the vessel being sprayed with water as the tug crew fights the flames. Eyewitnesses report that the fire was under control by about 5.30pm. A Maritime and Coastguard Agency spokesperson said: "At approximately 3.20pm today (June 19), HM Coastguard received a mayday alert reporting a fire in the engine room of a vessel with two people on board in the East Solent.     "Bembridge and Gosport lifeboats were sent and both people were evacuated from the vessel and the vessel was towed to an anchorage. Both Hampshire Fire and Rescue as well as the Isle of Wight Fire and Rescue Service are attending and a fire tug is proceeding, while all vessels have been advised to stay clear." Both people are reportedly uninjured. Lifeboat teams found the vessel to be well-alight when they arrived and out of safety concerns did not try to extinguish the flames.  