The Citroën Ami is being hailed as a game-changer for those looking to commute to the office for a small fee. For just £20 a month, in addition to a deposit, drivers will be able to take advantage of the zero-emission Ami quadricycle - a four-wheeled “microcar”. All versions of the Ami feature a 6kW electric motor, with the new model reaching a top speed of 27.9mph. A 5.5kWh battery gives it a range of over 46 miles, with Citroën banking on it being used for inner-city commutes. The all-electric quadricycle measures just 2.4 metres long and 1.4 metres wide, with no boot or bonnet. It does, however, come with enough space in front of the passenger seat for an airline carry-on. READ MORE: Hidden features in your car you never knew existed If drivers are looking to take the Ami for a spin, they will be able to pick up an Ami for just £19.99 a month on Personal Contract Purchase (PCP), over 24 months, with a customer deposit of £2,369. When buying the quadricycle outright, the price rises to £7,695, making it one of the cheapest electric vehicles on the market. The Ami is described as a zero-emission solution that “stands out in the urban landscape” and has already attracted tens of thousands of customers in Europe. A charging cable is built into the passenger door frame, which attaches - using a simple adapter - to a Type 2 connector. DON'T MISSPetrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make [SHOCKING]Furious drivers appalled by Government scrapping of EV grant [REACTION]Motorists will be 'pleasantly surprised' when using hypermiling tricks [INSIGHT] This allows a full charge to be completed in just three hours from a home EV charger or a public charging point. Citroën UK’s Managing Director, Eurig Druce, hailed the new electric vehicle for the benefits it will bring to drivers looking to commute. He said: “Having Ami in the UK is crucial, bringing our ‘Power to the People’ brand positioning to life – emphasising that Citroën offers every kind of electric for all kinds of people. “To be able to offer a fun and fabulous all-electric urban transport solution like Ami for just £19.99 per month is something we are really proud of – it is another example of Citroën at its very best, delivering affordable electric mobility for all.” Once on the Citroën platform, customers will be able to configure their Ami from one of the four versions available – “Ami”, “Ami Pop”, “Ami Vibe” and “My Ami Cargo”. Adding a splash of colour to the Ami electric’s quirky styling, customers will be able to enhance their Ami by adding one of three colour packs: Orange, Blue or Grey. The offer, which is part of Citroën’s “Fair pricing” policy, runs until the end of July. Edmund King, the president of the AA, said it was a good solution for driving in the city for those who weren’t keen to brave the elements on bicycles or electric scooters. He said: “For purely driving in the city, it’s a good solution as it’s small, agile, can be driven by younger drivers and it’s more affordable.” Those who have already reserved a 100 percent electric Ami with a £250 refundable reservation fee, will be able to convert their reservations into firm customer orders. A limited number of customers will be contacted per day – in date order – to ensure there is appropriate “Ami Expert” support available, if needed. UK deliveries of the Citroën Ami will begin later this summer. 