 Dan Walker shocked many BBC Breakfast fans when he announced earlier this year he was leaving the morning show after joining in 2016. Finding a new home on Channel 5, many viewers have wondered who will replace the broadcaster full time. Jon Kay has been stepping in, but it has now been reported a GB News presenter could be given the coveted full-time position.   Jon has been looking very comfortable as he sits next to Dan's former co-host Sally Nugent on BBC Breakfast. However, GB News star Stephen Dixon could be set to give Jon a run for his money when it comes to the role. Reportedly a BBC boss has let it slip Stephen is in the mix to take over from Dan. A source revealed: "Jon Kay is very popular in the newsroom, but the process to replace Dan is still ongoing with a few weeks left apparently." Read More: Rod Stewart defends Sweet Caroline Jubilee performance after being blasted by fans    Speaking to the Daily Star, they continued: "They definitely haven't done the interviews yet. "There has been a huge number of applicants obviously because it was advertised externally." As well as regular BBC presenters on the list, there are several other familiar faces from different broadcasters mentioned. Names being considered are conveyed to include "[BBC] internal people like Jon Kay [and] Ben Thompson, and other names like Gamal Fahnbulleh from ITV Granada, Sean Fletcher from GMB, Julian Druker from Channel 5 News and Stephen Dixon from GB News".  The source also mentioned: "They are very much after a news person, so names like Jermaine Jenas and Gethin [Jones] are out apparently." Express.co.uk has reached out to the BBC for comment. Although no one has been confirmed, it appears Jon could be the front runner. Alex Apati from leading bookies Ladbrokes commented: "It's looking increasingly likely that BBC chiefs have found Dan Walker's replacement, and he's no stranger to the Breakfast family, with Jon Kay pulling away from the chasing pack." DON’T MISS…Len Goodman blunder: Strictly star sparks uproar with curry powder comment- 'foreign muck' [LATEST]Top Gear's Chris Harris details painful injury sustained during filming 'Really dangerous' [LATEST]Virgin River season 4 theory: Jack's shooter to be exposed as Mel's ex's sister Stacie [LATEST]   Despite the source saying Gethin was not a contender, Alex added: "Gethin Jones was favourite to get the gig once upon a time but has seen his odds drift over the last few days, and it now looks as though it's Kay's role if he wants it." At the weekend, Dan took to social media to share a work update with his 276,000 Instagram followers. Accompanying a photo of him sitting on the Channel 5 news desk, he said: "First day of my new TV life tomorrow, and it will start in a very strange way… on @gmb. "See you in the morning with @susannareid100 and then at five, on 5.P.S. I still love you @sallynugenttv."    