Meghan and Harry are believed to be among the royals invited for lunch with the Her Majesty after the Trooping the Colour parade and the RAF flypast. Royal commentator Roya Nikkhah wrote on Twitter: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will join members of the Royal Family to watch the parade from the Major General’s office at Horse Guards Parade, the Duke of York will not be present. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** "The Royal Family are then expected to have lunch with the Queen at Buckingham Palace." This leads to believe Meghan and Harry will also be among the monarch's special guests. This lunch would be the first time Meghan, Harry and their royal relatives gather since the Sussexes' exit from the Firm in the spring of 2020 and their interview with Oprah Winfrey in early 2021. As stated by Ms Nikkhah, the Duke and Duchess won't play an active role during the parade. Unlike in previous years, they won't be among the royals being driven through the Mall on a carriage ride. Rather, they will wait for key royals, such as the Duchesses of Cambridge and Cornwall, to arrive via carriage at Horse Guards Parade. From the Major General's Office, they will then watch together the Trooping the Colour parade. Working members of the Firm will then head to Buckingham Palace. READ MORE: Meghan spotted with little Archie! Duchess seen on rare day out in LA There, they have been invited by the Queen to step onto her residence's balcony to watch the RAF flypast. This year, to honour the Queen's historic 70 years on the throne, the flypast will feature 70 aircraft. Meghan and Prince Harry arrived in the UK overnight with their children Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. This trip will allow the Sussexes to celebrate in person the first-ever Platinum Jubilee in the history of the UK.  But it will also provide the chance for the Queen and other royals to meet in person for the first time little Lili. The tot was born on June 4 last year at a Santa Barbara hospital. Royals based in the UK will also have the chance to see just how much Archie, three, has grown since he was last in the country. The boy was born in London in May 2019 and lived at Frogmore Cottage, a residence on the grounds of the Queen's Windsor estate, until November that year. He then left for Canada with his parents, for their announced six-week break from royal duties. While Meghan and Harry travelled back twice to the UK in early 2020 to complete their public duties before standing down as working members of the Firm, Archie remained across the pond. At the end of March 2020, he relocated to California with his parents, where the Sussexes are establishing their new lives and careers as non-working royals.