England manager Gareth Southgate can name 26 players in his Three Lions squad for the World Cup later this year after FIFA approved an increase in squad sizes from 23. It will ease Southgate’s selection headache as he prepares to go one better than reaching the Euro 2020 final. FIFA’s decision, which follows the 26-man squads allowed at the European Championship last summer, will also be good news for some players who might have feared not travelling to Qatar in November. Express Sport picks out four players who will be more hopeful of being included now that a larger squad is allowed. Harry Maguire As of now, Harry Maguire is a mainstay in the England team and his place in the World Cup squad seems incredibly secure. The Manchester United captain is a favourite of Southgate’s due to his ability to play out of defence. But some reports suggest that new Red Devils head coach Erik ten Hag is unsure about Maguire’s ability. In the most disastrous scenario for the former Sheffield United ace, he could find game time hard to come by in the run-up to the World Cup. Southgate has been known to pick players who are in form and playing well for their clubs. Jesse Lingard is an example of a player who is rated by Southgate but has failed to make squads recently due to a lack of game time at United, and Maguire does not want to follow in his former club team-mate’s steps. READ MORE: Barca plan to 'reinvest' De Jong fee in deal that would help Liverpool Trent Alexander-Arnold Liverpool defender Trent Alexander-Arnold is, on paper, one of England’s best right-backs. His form for the Reds has been outstanding and if Southgate adopted Jurgen Klopp’s tactics, the 23-year-old would surely be the regular starter in his position. But Alexander-Arnold has consistently struggled in a slightly more conservative system with England. He finds Reece James and Kyle Walker ahead of him in Southgate’s thinking. The defender just about squeezed his way into the initial 26-man Euro 2020 squad but an injury in the build-up to the tournament saw him miss out. He will hope for improved luck in November. DON'T MISS...Zidane explains why he never took Man Utd job before Ten Hag signedMan Utd 'hiring new transfer chief next month' as Ronaldo fear emergesChelsea 'could offer Leeds target' in Raphinha swap deal proposal Tammy Abraham Another player who would be a certainty to make the World Cup squad if it was based purely on club form, Abraham finds himself in a similar position to Alexander Arnold. The 24-year-old scored 26 goals during his debut season at Roma - making him the second highest-scoring English striker last term. Abraham has never properly translated that form in an England shirt, though. He has scored just three goals in 11 caps and struggled to get into games when given a chance during the recent international window. Southgate has plenty of options as a backup to Harry Kane. Dominic Calvert-Lewin could recapture his form after a below-par campaign, while Ollie Watkins remains under consideration. Abraham will need to start impressing in an England shirt. Emile Smith Rowe It was slightly surprising to see Arsenal ace Emile Smith Rowe demoted to the England U21 squad for the recent international fixtures. Although it was perhaps a warning to the Croydon-born playmaker that his England place is not secure. Smith Rowe has been capped four times by the senior team and scored his first international goal against San Marino last November. Given England’s lack of goals outside of Kane, the 21-year-old surely has to be under consideration with a bigger squad allowed.