Sir Elton Hercules John has dominated rock and pop for over half-century. With over 300 million sales worldwide, the 75-year-old is the best-selling living solo artist of all time, with only Elvis Presley and Michael Jackson’s records ahead of him. Since 2018, the music legend has embarked on his Farewell Yellow Brick Road world tour, his final string of concerts that concludes next year during the 50th anniversary of his Goodbye Yellow Brick Road album. The pandemic and his own personal health issues have delayed parts of the world tour over the last couple of years. Yet Elton took it all in his stride, showing great tenacious joy as he opened BST Hyde Park with his headlining set last night, following his specially selected support acts of Rina Sawayama, Gabriels, Let’s Eat Grandma, Berwyn, Thomas Headon, Tom A Smith and Juanita Euka. Wearing sparkly diamond tails, with a beaming smile on his face, the star took to the stage with his incredibly talented band of old rockers – some of who were performing with him 50 years ago. The crowd cheered as he opened his generous set, over two hours long, with Bennie and the Jets. Every couple of songs the music icon would get up and take a bow, giving the enthusiastic crowd a wave. Elton’s iconic stage presence at his grand piano was accompanied by an eclectic mix of animations behind and to the side of the stage, with his Farewell Yellow Brick Road giant tree looming overhead. Highlights included surreal Yellow Submarine-esque cartoons and huge fiery red flames. The first half of the energetic set saw the likes of Tiny Dancer, Rocket Man and Take Me to the Pilot rocking the crowd, as the star and his band generously improvised boogie woogie long extensions of such hits, much to everyone’s delight. At one point his grand piano even started driving across the stage before doing a U-turn in a glorious display of practical effects. If the singer ever needs a mobility scooter in his eventual retirement, we hope this is it! READ MORE: BST Hyde Park Elton John, Rolling Stones, Eagles: Stage times, maps Things slowed down a bit for touching renditions like his original Candle in the Wind, with stunning shots of the late Marilyn Monroe behind him. Elton also performed Don’t Let the Sun Go Down on Me as a beautiful tribute to George Michael, with colourful expanding circles on the screen above. It was at this point in the show that the lively fast-paced favourites that helped make his Rocketman biopic so good, came out with an intense flare. The crowd went ballistic as I’m Still Standing started up, accompanied by flashes of Elton’s incredible career, including self-deprecating caricatures from the like of The Simpsons and South Park came up. Crocodile Rock and Saturday Night’s Alright for Fighting soon followed as the audience sang “Saturday! Saturday!” back at the star leading the chorus. DON'T MISSBeach Boys: Brian Wilson 80th celebrated by Elton John and Bob Dylan [BRIAN WILSON]Elton John ‘booed by crowd’ at farewell tour after Newcastle quip [ELTON JOHN]Freddie Mercury left Elton John beautiful gift in will: 'Death coming' [FREDDIE MERCURY] Elton and his tireless band then took a bow, before returning with the singer in a dressing gown, ready to symbolically wind down not just the show, but his unbelievable career – willingly drawing the curtain after six decades. A touching epilogue that made us all emotional, he ended with Your Song and Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, before being lifted up “into the heavens” on a platform and disappearing with a wave. He’s got a year to go left on his final world tour, but Elton John won’t let the sun go down on himself until he’s ready. And when he does, he can look back with pride on his priceless contribution to music. The Rolling Stones, Eagles, Adele, Pearl Jam and Duran Duran are also performing at American Express presents BST Hyde Park this summer and tickets can be purchased here.