Tottenham were also casting a watchful eye over Atalanta wing-back Joakim Maehle after it emerged their scouts were in attendance in Vienna to watch Austria's Nations League clash with Denmark, according to reports. It's understood Spurs were keen to watch their former player Christian Eriksen up close and personal, to see if he's still capable of operating at the peak of his powers following his remarkable to the pitch after last summer's cardiac arrest. Eriksen could potentially leave Brentford on a free transfer at the end of June, when his current six-month contract with the Bees expires. The Dane wants to play Champions League football and could now move onto pastures new, as he eyes a sensational return to Tottenham. Spurs were one of 10 clubs in attendance last night in Vienna to watch Denmark's 2-1 victory and newspaper Ekstra Bladet have pointed out that Maehle may also have been of interest. The 25-year-old was excellent for his country at the European Championships as they reached the semi-finals. READ MORE: Inter Milan 'make second star available to Tottenham' as move 'does not appeal' to Bastoni Chelsea were then linked with a move for the athletic wing-back, who can play on both the left and the right flank. Manchester United, West Ham, Augsburg, Torino, Bayer Leverkusen, West Ham, Borussia Dortmund, Sarpsborg, Trabzonspor and Istanbulspor were also present at the Ernst Happel Stadium. Tottenham are thought to be keen on recruiting more quality at right wing-back, which is why Maehle may be of interest. Mikkel Damsgaard, who was on the bench, is also a player rated highly by Fabio Paratici. READ MORETottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer transfer dealTottenham set price to seal Alessandro Bastoni transfer with Inter Milan 'willing to sell'Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer deal Spurs are set to spend big this summer following a £150m cash injection from owners ENIC. They have already moved quickly to bring in Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic, yet more signings could follow imminently. Express Sport understands Middlesbrough full-back Djed Spence is of serious interest and Spurs are set to make a £15m swoop for the 21-year-old after the international break. Nottingham Forest have now seemingly conceded defeat in the race for his signature, leaving Spurs with a clear run on Spence despite interest from other clubs. Emerson Royal could be pushed towards the exit door before the start of next season after less than a year in north London. Royal cost around £26m from Barcelona last August but he's failed to meet expectations, despite an upturn in form. The signing of Perisic has provided Antonio Conte with strong depth at left wing-back and the Italian wants the same on the opposite flank. Matt Doherty is expected to stay at Spurs but they could consider a sale if a suitable offer arrives.