Britain's Got Talent's final saw stand-up comedian Axel Blake crowned the winner of the £250,000 prize money and the opportunity to perform at the Royal Variety Show. Throughout his time on the show, some viewers slammed judge Simon Cowell for giving him the Golden Buzzer after it was revealed he already had an Amazon Prime show. Now, speaking about his win, Axel has hit back at the fix claims and admitted that people "don't know the full story". After a spectacular night of performances from all 11 acts, it came down to Axel and ventriloquist act Jamie Leahey in the BGT final. Coming off the excitement of winning and seeing the reaction from viewers, Axel has hit back at the claims that his win was fixed. When asked about the mixed reactions, he admitted: "I understand that you can’t always win everybody over and that everyone is entitled to their opinion. "The word 'fix' is a strong one, I don’t think somebody trying to become a household name and take their career to the next step should be punished for exploring every avenue possible to be able to showcase their love and craft. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert "Whilst some people will know of me, there are a lot of people out there who don’t, and it's about trying to make sure I am chasing all those opportunities out there to help me stand out amongst all the amazing comedians and entertainers in what is a very competitive industry. "More and more people are using social media, Tik-Tok, YouTube, and it’s about making sure I’m doing everything I can to be seen out there. "I love comedy, it’s not my full-time job by any means, but I want to show my kids that if you love something, if you have a passion, if you never went to settle and always strive for more, then they can always achieve. "A lot of people don’t know the full story, I put on the show, financed it and filmed it myself, which put me into financial debt. "A year later, I was able to get it on Amazon in the hope I could get more exposure as a comedian. Only a year later, it got picked up by Amazon on a deal that expired two years ago." His standup special, named Axel Blake: I'm Not Gonna Lie, was filmed at the Indigo2 in London and was discovered by viewers within minutes of his first audition. Axel cleared up his reasoning as to why he went onto Britain's Got Talent when he already had the Amazon show. He revealed that his stand-up was self-funded and that he wasn't paid by anyone for the show to be put on Amazon. DON'T MISS...Britain’s Got Talent winner Axel Blake hits back at ‘fix’ claims  [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell leaves BGT viewers baffled with Queen remark [LATEST]Simon Cowell slammed by BGT fans over wildcard announcement 'A joke!'  [WATCH] Axel opened up about sleeping in his car and having to drive around the UK to hand out tickets because he didn't have any help with trying to kickstart his career. "There would be times I would have driven for hours and hours to go and meet somebody with tickets for my show, and then they would never ever turn up." He admitted that he questioned his decision and that his family and loved ones were slowly becoming concerned at the time because it was having a big impact on his mental health. Revealing how his show ended up on Amazon, Axel said it was his friend who had approached him asking whether he wanted him to help get it more media attention. "After sitting in my car, sleeping, and crying in my car driving around the UK being an Uber ticket driver, and then Amazon approach you, after you and your family have sat down to discuss whether this dream is financially viable, asking when we would draw a line, would you say no to that? "I’ve never hidden my past, and I’ve always been open about previous work that I’ve done. I’m just a bloke trying to do his best, trying to strive for more." Speaking to Ant and Dec after his win, Axel exclaimed: "Word can't even explain, I am shaking! Thank you, everyone, for voting for me, it means the world to me. "Thank you, everyone, at home, there are not even words to explain right now, I can't believe it." Britain's Got Talent is available to watch on ITV Hub.