Antonio Conte has reached out to Romelu Lukaku to gauge the Chelsea forward's interest in a potential cross-city move to Tottenham before the start of next season, according to reports. Lukaku is thought to be keen on leaving the Blues after just one year at Stamford Bridge and has been heavily linked with a move back to Inter Milan over the last few months. The Belgian forward is believed to be weighing up a variety of options in the market, with a return to the San Siro his preferred choice after deciding that he no longer wants to play for Chelsea. However, it seems as though a surprise move to Tottenham could be on the cards if Conte decides to firm up his interest in Lukaku when the summer window officially opens on Friday.Conte has already contacted Lukaku's camp in order to put the feelers out with regards to a potential reunion with his former striker in north London, according to Corriere dello Sport. The Chelsea man thrived under Conte's guidance at Inter Milan before joining the Blues last summer and the Italian coach is reportedly keen on bringing him back under his wing at Tottenham over the coming weeks and months.It is said that Conte has explained in detail to Lukaku the ways in which he would fit into the project at Tottenham, but it remains to be seen whether the 29-year-old would be willing to make the switch to Chelsea's city rivals in the not-too-distant future. It seems likely that he would be forced to play a back-up role to the likes of Harry Kane and Son Heung-min, who have firmly established themselves as two of the Premier League's best players over the years. JUST IN: Tuchel can solve Chelsea issue by amending Dortmund transfer regret Although Lukaku's preference would be to return to Inter Milan, it is claimed that he would not rule out the possibility of linking up with Conte once again if a move back to Italy cannot be engineered prior to the start of next season. He is said to be considering both options but a potential San Siro homecoming is still believed to be the most likely outcome, with his second spell at Chelsea now seemingly all but over.A move to Tottenham could also be incredibly difficult to push through, given their status as Chelsea's rivals and the club-record sum that was paid by the Blues to sign Lukaku almost a year ago. It seems likely that the west Londoners would be looking to recoup a significant fee for his services but could be resigned to making a slight loss based on his less-than-impressive form over the course of the previous campaign. It remains to be seen whether Lukaku will eventually get his wish of leaving Chelsea in the near future after growing frustrated with life under Thomas Tuchel, who is said to be keen on keeping hold of the forward in spite of his obvious desire to move on this summer. The German coach has already suggested that Lukaku will not be allowed to leave Stamford Bridge before the start of the new campaign when previously quizzed on the player's standing at the club back in April."These are the players we have and Romelu plays a big part in our plans," Tuchel told reporters. "Maybe not the part he wants to play, and I totally understand it."But he used his time off also to disconnect a little bit. He had one week of holiday and then he was back with us, and I feel he is very motivated and very strong in training."He is very much involved in games, he is a winner and he will stay a winner and he will stay important for us." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here