Think about putting all your focus into work and other tasks that require attention to detail. It would be easy to overlook something important if you allow yourself to be distracted. Think before answering questions other people ask of you. Someone is trying to get too many personal details out of you. New routines were supposed to make life easier. You might question this when no one seems to know the right way to make a start. Even if you had preferred not to make any changes, since this seems inevitable now, you might be the one who is most assertive and gets everyone moving. Harmony in a close relationship will spring from a loving and generous gesture that will take you completely by surprise. A variety of tasks and interests will keep you occupied throughout the day. You intend to finish what you start no matter how long it might take.  A child’s mental health could be the cause of a heated discussion. You have strong views about what is happening and what should be done. Let your conscience be your guide. A housemate who loves coming up with new ideas will find a solution to a domestic problem. Make the most of any chance to mix and mingle. New opportunities are likely to come through people you now meet. Work and other responsibilities hold no interest to you when you would rather throw yourself into social pastimes. Be sure to keep in touch with what family and friends are getting up to. Career gets priority when your hard-working efforts of the past have put you on the road to personal success. Your dedication and diligence are respected and appreciated by those in high places. Due to your help and encouragement, important issues are being ignored no longer.  A friend or housemate will announce they have decided to break a bad habit. They have made similar declarations before. You have doubts about their willpower, but you won’t tell them so. You’re thinking about a future holiday, and you want to do something different this year. A legal, business or money matter will get increasingly irritating. It won’t be easy to get to the root of the problem, but once you begin, you won’t stop until you get answers. If you are making a long-term commitment, let common sense be your guide. Business people will find you decisive and direct in your dealings. You aren’t in the mood for anyone who dithers or causes delays. You know what you want, where you are going and how you are going to get there. No one will be allowed to stop you from going ahead with your intentions.  You’ve been objecting to suggestions to take a different approach to old routines. Today you will be outnumbered, and it will be agreed to try things differently. It will take a while to get used to fresh ideas, but eventually, you will be amazed by how much time they do save. You may not get the chance you were hoping for to take up a new opportunity. A competitive event will not go as you were expecting, although some will be pleased with the outcome. You were hoping for something different, but you can’t always get what you want. An old friend will contact you from out of the blue. They have been wondering what has become of you as they haven’t seen you around lately. Could this be because of a new romantic interest? Whatever the reason why you haven’t been very sociable, you might make an effort to bridge a gap that’s appearing in some relationships. 