Admiral Sir Tony Radakin, the UK’s Chief of Defence Staff and the professional head of the British Armed Forces, claimed that Russia is a “more diminished power” and had only made “tiny” gains for enormous military losses. He said the country, which was thought to have the world’s second-most-powerful military, was under enormous pressure because "it's running out of people and it's running out of hi-tech missiles". Sir Tony went on to say that Russia would never be able to take all of Ukraine in its current state. The comments as UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace told Sky News it was “highly likely” that NATO would increase its troop presence in Estonia, a stone’s throw away from Russia’s border. Admiral Sir Tony Radakin said: “This is a dreadful mistake by Russia. Russia will never take control of Ukraine.” “Russia has strategically lost already. NATO is stronger, Finland and Sweden are looking to join.”  One of Russia’s strategic goals is to curb NATO expansion, something Putin attempted to do with his invasion of Ukraine. Although it is unlikely that Ukraine will join the alliance in the near future, both Finland and Sweden - with their powerful and modern militaries - have said they will join the bloc. Additionally, NATO members have increased troop numbers and readiness on their eastern flank in response to Russian aggression. Sir Tony added: “The Russian machine is grinding away, and it’s gaining a couple of – two, three, five – kilometres every day.” "And that's tough for Ukraine, but this is going to be a long fight. And we're supporting Ukraine, Ukraine has shown how courageous it really is.  READ MORE: 'Considerable wealth' pouring into UK – new data “And Russia has vulnerabilities because it’s running out of people, it’s running out of hi-tech missiles. “President Putin has used about 25 percent of his army’s power to gain a tiny amount of territory and 50,000 people either dead or injured. Any notion that this is a success for Russia is nonsense. Russia is failing.” British intelligence reports have suggested that some Russian battalion tactical groups, which normally hold around 600 to 800 troops, have only been able to muster as little as 30 soldiers. A report read: “Measured against Russia’s original plan, none of the strategic objectives have been achieved. In order for Russia to achieve any form of success will require continued huge investment of manpower and equipment, and is likely to take considerable further time.” The news comes as Russia continues to claim it didn’t “invade” Ukraine, but was conducting a “special military operation”. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin faces MUTINY as Russian troops join Kyiv forces [LIVE]Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op [ANALYSIS]UK throws weight behind £3.5bn package to rebuild post-war Ukraine [REPORT]  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov also told the BBC that reports of war crimes carried out in Ukraine in Russia were Western “fake news”. He said: “We didn’t invade Ukraine. We declared a special military operation because we had absolutely no other way of explaining to the west that dragging Ukraine into NATO was a criminal act. “It’s a great pity, but international diplomats, including the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, the UN Secretary General and other UN representatives, are being put under pressure by the West. And very often they’re being used to amplify fake news spread by the West. “Russia is not squeaky clean. Russia is what it is. And we are not ashamed of showing who we are.” 