A new study carried out by electric car subscription service, elmo, suggested that 6.5 million British motorists will not switch to an EV despite massive savings. The research surveyed over 2,000 motorists who do not own electric cars. Respondents were surveyed on what cars they think are most attractive, knowledge of electric vehicle charging times, knowledge on locations of EV charging points and whether or not they understand the potential cost savings of owning an electric car. The key findings were that over 77 percent of UK drivers claimed that their next car will not be an EV. The main reason for this was the high purchase price of an average electric car, with over half of the surveyed motorists admitting to having doubts about the cost. This is despite the petrol and diesel prices hitting record highs this year. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow simple steps at the petrol station The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists will have to pay on average 187.51p per litre of petrol and 194.17p for a litre of diesel. While the price of petrol is forecasted to remain the same, diesel car owners still have to anticipate further hikes. With that in mind, experts at elmo carried out a cost analysis comparing EVs and combustion engine cars (ICE). They suggested that an electric car can cost around £2,000 a year to run, which works out at around £30 per week. DON'T MISS Traffic warden fines Ukrainian driver despite heartfelt note [INSIGHT] Drivers could be fined thousands for suffering from hay fever [SHOCKING] Clean air zones are a ‘logistical nightmare’ for businesses [REVEAL] In comparison, drivers of other ICE vehicles, which are conventional powered vehicles powered by an internal combustion engine, pay on average £2,200 per year. This is equivalent to more than £40 per week. This means that by switching to electric cars drivers could save around £200 per year. The study also found that 58 percent of motorists were not aware of the potential monetary gains of owning an electric vehicle. This, according to the experts, suggests that motorists are heavily put off by purchase prices, without realising the potential for saving money in the long run. They added that there are lots of potential cost savings for EV drivers. Firstly, fully electric cars remain completely exempt from road tax as the figure is calculated according to CO2 tailpipe emissions. ICE cars registered from 2017 onwards need to pay tax every 12 months, with costs coming in at £155. For those who drive hybrids, this cost is £145. For cars registered between 2001 and 2017, the vehicle tax rate is based on fuel type and CO2 emissions. With the rising costs of petrol and diesel, electric cars bring about another benefit, with home charging costs being cheaper than a full tank of petrol or diesel. In addition to this, drivers can also find free charging points, most noticeably at supermarkets, dealerships and park and rides. Despite the findings, Olly Jones, Co-founder at elmo, told Express.co.uk that the future of motoring will be fully electric. He said: "The future of motoring seems to be heading in one direction – electric. “ULEV (Ultra Low Emission Vehicle) registrations are gaining market share, with BEVs (Battery Electric Vehicles) making up 7.2 percent of new vehicle registrations in 2021, and so far in 2022 doubling to make up to 14.4 percent, according to SMMT. "This is driven by growing consumer demand, greater choice and affordability of electric cars (there are now about 140 makes and models available with a further 50 coming in 2022), and incentives like lower company car tax rates and avoiding low emission zone charges."