Jennifer Aniston, 53, married Brad Pitt, 58, in 2000, however the marriage did not last long after Brad met Angelina Jolie, 46, on the set of Mr and Mrs Smith. Jennifer's close friend and fellow actress Courteney Cox, 57, claimed that Brad had told Jennifer about his feelings for the Lara Croft star prior to their separation. Brad and Jennifer announced their separation in January 2005, much to the distress of their fans worldwide, with both denying claims it was because of Angelina. They said in a joint statement at the time: "For those who follow these sorts of things, we would like to explain that our separation is not the result of any of the speculation reported by the tabloid media." The former couple were referencing the constant rumours going around that Brad had grown very close to Angelina on the set of their film Mr and Mrs Smith. However, Jennifer's Friends co-star Courteney told a news publication the real reason why the pair ended their relationship. READ MORE: Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule Courteney had joined the former couple on their final trip to Anguilla, so claimed she knew the real ins and outs of the relationship. She said: "I don’t think he started an affair physically, but I think he was attracted to her. "There was a connection, and he was honest about that with Jen. Most of the time, when people are attracted to other people, they don’t tell. "At least he was honest about it. It was an attraction that he fought for a period of time", she told Vanity Fair. Other rumours swirled around speculating why the power couple had ended, with friends saying the pair split because they struggled to "maintain intimacy" due to their hectic work schedules. An insider told People magazine at the time: "They gradually lost sight of themselves as individuals. "And despite their nice lifestyle and having everything they might want, they weren’t happy. They lost a sense of self." Jennifer struggled when Friends ended in 2004, and according to insiders by that time Brad was filming Mr and Mrs Smith and "just wasn't there for" Jennifer. DON'T MISS... Jennifer Lopez, 52, showcases incredible physique in tiny black bikin [PICS] 'Dying is hard' Deborah James says amid terminal cancer diagnosis [HEALTH] Amanda Holden, 51, dazzles as she puts on leggy display in lilac dress [INSTAGRAM] However, according to reports, it was Brad who made the final decision to separate as he "wanted to figure out who he was" away from marriage. Speaking to Vanity Fair at the time, Jennifer said: "It's just complicated... You’re two people continually evolving, and there will be times when those changes clash. "There are all these levels of growth - and when you stop growing together, that’s when the problems happen." However, it wasn't long after the pair split that Brad was pictured with Angelina in Kenya, with the news of Angelina's pregnancy shortly after. Brad and Angelina married in 2014, however split in 2019 after having six children together. Rumours of Brad and Jennifer's reunion sprung in early 2020 when he referred to Jennifer as a "good friend". However, it didn't end there - with the couple reuniting on the red carpet at Screen Actors Guild and exhibiting flirtatious body language, according to experts. Jennifer squashed rumours in June 2021 when she spoke on The Howard Stern Show and was asked about the former couple's reunion. She said: "It was absolutely fun. You know, Brad and I are buddies. Like, we're friends and we speak. "There's no oddness at all, except for everyone that probably watched it and was wanting there to be." You can watch Mr and Mrs Smith tonight at 10.45pm on Channel 4.