The weekend is finally here, and Wordle 357 is live for the duration of June 11. Much like the past few days, it's another pretty tough nut to crack. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of three spoiler-free hints, which you can find at the bottom of the page. Good luck with Wordle 357 on June 11, you're going to need it. The aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you know that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you need help keeping your winning streak alive, check out the latest Wordle hints (spoiler-free) for the June 11 puzzle below... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. I also like to use the word 'CRANE' as an opening guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 357 hints and clues for June 11... 1. Wordle 357 starts with the letter G. 2. Wordle 357 contains just one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. A bit like a duck.