Owners of electric and hybrid cars have revealed that they feel much less stressed behind the wheel compared to petrol and diesel vehicle drivers. This is according to a recent survey carried out by DS Automobiles. Some 2,000 motorists took part in the research. Almost 80 percent of them admitted that they experienced stress while driving. The big find, however, was that electric and hybrid car owners feel much less nervous when driving than fuel and petrol vehicle owners. Nearly 40 percent of EV and hybrid owners admitted that their cars make them feel less stressed than previously owned petrol and diesel alternatives. READ MORE: 'This is madness': Drivers slam EU for 2035 petrol and diesel car ban Jules Tilstone, managing director of DS Automobiles UK, said: “At times, driving can be as stressful as it is enjoyable, but one of the many benefits of switching to electric is that it can help drivers feel more relaxed behind the wheel. “Since 2019, DS has offered an electrified version of every model in our line-up, and from 2024 will only launch fully electric vehicles. “Combined with French luxury savoir-faire and innovative technology, DS offers drivers a memorable, stress-free driving experience.” The study highlighted the importance of a stress-free environment while driving. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of 'key thing' when using common hypermiling methods [WARNING] Van shortages and record fuel prices could lead to higher costs [REVEAL] Drivers challenged to ditch their vehicles in July to help save planet [INSIGHT] Over 30 percent of drivers who experienced stress admitted that the quality of their driving drastically decreases. On top of that, 20 percent of motorists said that they often consider buying cars with features designed to reduce stress. Being stressed while driving can also result in bouts of road rage. And, motorists have been recently warned that they could face huge fines for showing rude hand gestures while driving and beeping their horns needlessly. Even the smallest act of road rage could see drivers heavily penalised. Motorists could be fined as much as £1,000 for displaying signs of road rage. This is because the offence is classified as "disorderly conduct". The offence carries a criminal penalty under the Crime and Disorder Act 1998. This means that any motorist caught making a “rude hand gesture” while driving could be faced with a fine of 75 percent of their weekly wage, capped at £1,000. Rule 147 of the Highway Code states: “Do not allow yourself to become agitated or involved if someone is behaving badly on the road. “This will only make a situation worse. “Pull over, calm down and, when you feel relaxed, continue your journey.” Jack Cousens, head of roads policy for the AA, said: “A small minority of drivers think that being sat in their car exempts them from an offence like this. “However, this kind of anti-social behaviour can land you in hot water and take you on an expensive trip to the courts. Road users have a duty of care to each other, so keeping your cool and remaining focused is important. "Your hands should remain on the wheel and your eyes on the road. “Rather than let the tailgater get under your skin, where safe to do so, it is better to let them pass so you can carry on your journey in a calm manner.”