Manchester United and Erik ten Hag have brushed off one of Ralf Rangnick's many public claims ahead of a crucial summer transfer window. After his disastrous stint as interim manager, the Red Devils parted ways with Rangnick, mutually opting against starting a two-year consultancy position. Upon replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in the Old Trafford dugout in November, Rangnick agreed to enter United's backroom staff beyond the season. However, the German's surprise appointment as Austria manager at the back end of the season was the nail in the coffin of that path. Ten Hag started work as United manager in the final few days of Ajax's campaign, fueled by the club's decision to scrap Rangnick's consultancy, GOAL report. The Premier League giants believed his recruitment expertise was unnecessary amid an array of backroom changes since Richard Arnold replaced Ed Woodward as chief executive in February. Football director John Murtough is behind many of the changes in a hands-on role in running United's operations and will work closely with Ten Hag on recruitment. And they have no intention to complete business in line with Rangnick's suggestion the Dutchman needs as many as 10 new players. JUST IN: Man Utd staff already have Erik ten Hag nickname Moments after United suffered a 4-0 thrashing at Liverpool, Rangnick made the stunning claim as one of many digs at his underperforming squad. But Ten Hag has confidence in the potential of the players he inherits and has identified a midfielder and striker as his priorities. Despite dismissing 10 summer additions, five is a more realistic number, with the ex-Ajax boss also keen to bolster his defence. Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is a leading target, while he strongly admires Ajax defender Jurrien Timber and Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Eriksen move, Dembele to Chelsea update Rangnick's exit isn't seen as a significant blow considering he was only expected to work six days a month to consult United on transfers. He is understood to have engaged in a two-hour phone call with Ten Hag before departing, giving him insight into the club and squad. United and Ten Hag are in a good position ahead of his official start when the first wave of players returns for pre-season training on June 27. Both parties are confident they are ahead of schedule with planning for his first season in M16 after regular meetings and his successful Old Trafford unveiling. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.