Toto Wolff has defended Lewis Hamilton after the seven-time champion finished behind team-mate George Russell in Azerbaijan Grand Prix qualifying on Saturday. Hamilton could only manage seventh in Q3, putting him two places behind Russell on the grid. The former Williams man has now beaten Hamilton on Saturday five times this season compared to Hamilton's three qualifying wins. However, team boss Toto Wolff claims Hamilton’s poor run is purely based on luck. He said experiments with the car had ‘gone wrong’ with Hamilton’s car and not on Russell’s as he tried to explain the pace difference. Wolff said: “Lewis has been trying some quite experimental parts of the car and there was a different floor solution on his car that didn't work. "I am very close to it and I see one session one is faster and then next the other is. And because the car is on a knife edge, if you put a foot wrong, in terms of experiments on the car - which need to be done in order for us to learn how to perform and where to put the car - there is 0.2-0.3secs immediately between them. READ MORE: Hamilton wades into salary cap debate with 'younger generation' remark "And the last three races these experiments have gone wrong with Lewis and not with George." Wolff also revealed Hamilton was running a slightly different set-up on Saturday which had made some of the car's problems a bit worse. He added: "The car was porpoising more and bottoming out to a degree that it became dangerous, and couldn't extract the performance.” Russell has also beaten Hamilton in every race this season bar the opening round in Bahrain. DON'T MISSRussell worries about 'major incident' in future due to new F1 cars [INSIGHT]George Russell SNUBBED as Mercedes driver 'shouldn't be chosen' [COMMENT]Mercedes 'all over the place' at Baku GP as Wolff details problems [ANALYSIS] The 24-year-old has finished in the top five at every race, putting him 34 points ahead of Hamilton in the drivers’ standings. The former Williams youngster is just 41 points behind Max Verstappen compared to Hamilton’s massive 75-point deficit. Hamilton insisted the team are trying ‘everything’ to get the car back on form but said their bouncing issues are having a massive impact on performance.