Tottenham have reportedly agreed to pay £25million for the signing of Brighton star Yves Bissouma, but the midfielder had very recently hinted that his preferred switch was to Arsenal. Bissouma has just 12 months remaining on his Brighton contract and entered the summer window with plenty of interest. Liverpool were strongly linked with Bissouma 12 months ago, but baulked at Brighton's asking price. The Reds don't appear to be in the running for Bissouma this time around, with their focus being on completing a deal for Darwin Nunez. But Bissouma was still being linked with moves to Tottenham, Arsenal and Manchester United. London appeared to be his favoured destination though as the 25-year-old used social media to hint at a dream move to Arsenal. Following his performance for Mali against Congo earlier this month, one fan posted a video of Bissouma in action and wrote: "For me, I think he and Tielemans should be our priority at midfield, we must get [Bissouma] at all cost [Arsenal]." JUST IN: Tottenham 'could use two stars' in swap for Everton star Richarlison   Bissouma shared the post on his own Instagram story before re-posting another comment from the same supporter which read: "I've been following up on Bissouma and I think he's the one to replace Partey long-term, he's just 25." His social media activity sparked strong reaction from Arsenal fans with many appearing positive about the prospect of him joining. Mikel Arteta is expected to sign at least one central midfielder this summer after Thomas Partey's injury in the final weeks of last season highlighted a lack of depth in his squad. But Arsenal now appear to have lost out to arch-rivals Tottenham, who have agreed a deal with Brighton. Personal terms will reportedly not be an issue and it is claimed that a medical will take place at some point this week. DON'T MISS  It comes as a bitter blow to Arsenal, with the Gunners yet to make any new signings this summer. Youri Tielemans has been linked with a move to the Emirates and Bissouma's imminent move to Tottenham may now force Arsenal's hand. Like Bissouma, Tielemans also has just 12 months remaining on his contract and would be available for a cut-price fee. Leicester are willing to listen to offers for the Belgium international with Tielemans indicating he won't sign an extension. Arsenal are also in the market for at least one top-rated striker after losing both Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the last six months. The Gunners are still working on trying to keep Eddie Nketiah at the club, but he's also set to become a free agent this summer.