Rafael Nadal has reminded Casper Ruud of his dominance at the French Open with a small symbol on his tennis shoes. The world No 5 is attempting to win a 14th title in Paris and 22nd overall Major, while the 23-year-old is playing in his first Grand Slam final, and Nadal, has subtly shown off his incredible record in Paris with a number 13 on his shoes, equalling the number of titles he has won at Roland Garros. Nadal is attempting to win a record-extending 14th title at the French Open. The world No 5 broke the all-time men's singles Grand Slam record in Australia at the start of this season by winning his 21st Major and could extend his lead just months later. The 36-year-old is something of a surprise finalist this year, having been hindered by his chronic foot injury at the Italian Open just two weeks before the tournament started while also appearing in the stacked top half of the draw alongside Novak Djokovic, Alexander Zverev and Carlos Alcaraz. But the man dubbed the 'King of Clay' has taken a reminder of his dominance onto the court with him. Facing Ruud for the first time on the tour, Nadal has a subtle number '13' on his shoe to represent the number of titles he has won at Roland Garros, and it could well be the last time the Spaniard can wear the symbol. JUST IN: French Open champ Swiatek stunned as reporter asks 'make-up' question  Despite holding both the men's Grand Slam record and the record for most titles won at a single tournament, the 36-year-old downplayed the Grand Slam race with his rivals Djokovic and Roger Federer, who trail the Spaniard both tied on 20 Majors. “From my perspective, of course there is always a conversation about the player who finish with more Slams or who is the best of the history, but from my perspective doesn't matter that much,” he claimed after beating Djokovic in the quarter-final, ending the Serb's hopes of matching Nadal's record of 21 Slams. DON'T MISSDjokovic and coach 'troubled' by French Open loss and yet to speakZverev posts fresh update on French Open injury with ligaments tornDjokovic 'disrespected' at French Open as coach launches bitter tirade  “We achieve our dreams. We make history in this sport because we did things that didn't happen before. "So from my perspective, doesn't matter much which player going to finish with more Slams or the best of the history because from my perspective, the level of our three is very equal. Is not much difference so doesn't matter.”