There are several factors to consider when storing potatoes to make the best of the spuds in terms of storage life and quality. Mike from Kitchen Tips Online suggested an unusual place to keep potatoes, and when stored this way, they can last from up to 10 weeks, even longer. Mike said: “We’ve all heard it before - maybe Grandma told you - ‘put your potatoes in the fridge’. “Well, that’s actually not a good idea because potatoes don’t like a cold temperature. “Potatoes prefer a temperature of between four and 10 degrees Celcius. “And also, potatoes like humidity,” he added. READ MORE: 'Let them breathe' How to store cucumbers to keep them fresh “If you put potatoes in your fridge, number one, there’s no humidity in the fridge, because a fridge removes the moisture from the air. “But also that cold temperature causes the starch in the potato to turn to sugar and it breaks down the potatoes cellular structure. “Now, here’s something you might not be aware of, potatoes are very susceptible to light - especially sunlight. “Sunlight causes the potato to turn green, or actually any kind of light causes the potato to eventually have a green coating on the outside of them.” DON'T MISS...'Finds them hilarious!’ Queen enjoys collecting common kitchen item [INSIDER]Weight loss: Couple shed 27st after fears they were going to die [INTERVIEW]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £12k to double overall value [VIDEO] The best place for potatoes is a dry, dark place. Mike explained: “When I used to live in Ohio, I used to put my potatoes in a basement, in a bin, and they would last routinely for eight to 10 weeks. “What I do here in Florida, is store my potatoes in the kitchen, because I don’t have that option of putting them in a basement, but they last just as long. “What I do is use a cooking or baking tray with a rack. “I put the potatoes - unwashed, don’t wash the potatoes and disrupt the skin - and distribute them equally on the tray and I put the pan in a draw in my kitchen.” READ MORE: Never store potatoes near apples or onions If you don’t have a spare draw, it’s best to remove the potatoes from the original plastic bag you bought them in from the supermarket. “I assure you, you should never keep potatoes in the original plastic bag they came in,” Mike commented. Potatoes need to be in a well-ventilated space, and an airtight bag does not allow ventilation. A netted bag or wicker basket is preferred if you are to store potatoes in a kitchen cupboard or cellar. While this method can see potatoes last for months, it’s a good idea to check on them as rotting can spread if they are in close contact with one another. If you do spot any signs of rotting, turning green or sprouting then it is best to dispose of them. Another storage suggestion is placing the potatoes in a dark place on top of newspaper at a slightly warmer temperature. This will make the skin thicken which means the potato is less prone to bruising and rotting.