Roma could be targeting a shock move for Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo, who could be having doubts about his role under Erik ten Hag. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner was United's saviour last season, but may struggle to fit in under Ten Hag. Jose Mourinho could be dreaming of a reunion with Ronaldo, as he looks to take Roma to the next level. Ten Hag has hailed Ronaldo since becoming United manager, but there is growing uncertainty that the Portuguese star may not be part of his plans next season. Ten Hag prefers to build a young, driven squad, meaning that the 37-year-old may contrast the philosophy that the Dutchman is looking to impose. And because of this, La Repubblica have reported that Mourinho could be lining up a shock move for Ronaldo, and he isn't the only club interested. Juventus are again in the mix, and Sporting Lisbon could even try and tempt the star. READ MORE: Arsenal's stance on signing Youri Tielemans after agreeing Fabio Vieira transfer The report claims that Ronaldo is concerned about becoming a 'guest' to Ten Hag's plans, and the Dutchman's style of play might not suit him. Ten Hag's system is reliant on pressing and tight possession, whereas that doesn't suit the target man that Ronaldo has become. They also claim that Ronaldo's uncertainty has alerted Roma's interest, and he could join former team-mate Nemanja Matic in joining Mourinho's project in Italy. However, although Mourinho and Ronaldo achieved success together, they didn't end on the best terms in 2013. DON'T MISSArsenal 'close in' on third summer signing ahead of Fabio Vieira transferArsenal have 'new £85m Gabriel Jesus alternative' also wanted by Chelsea and Man UtdChristian Eriksen turned down Man Utd 'because of Juan Mata' as interest reignited There may have been a Chelsea and United rivalry that contributed to that from over the years, and Roma's FFP problems could also make a deal difficult. But the 'dream' is still there for the Conference League champions. It would be a bold move from Ten Hag to sell Ronaldo as one of his first major transfer decisions at the club, but Jamie Carragher has already called on the Dutchman to do so. While speaking on The Overlap Live, Carragher urged Ten Hag to make a big statement upon his arrival, echoing the likes of Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp who made bold calls in their first season. "(Jurgen) Klopp comes into Liverpool straight away, they’d bought players under Brendan Rodgers that summer. I think (Christian) Benteke cost them about £35/40million it was a few quid, he was a big signing, centre forward, and he was like 'You’re not for me, out!' "And making that big bold decision straight away, it makes everyone sit up and think 'Oh this fella takes this job seriously!' I’m convinced he’s (Ten Hag) got to do that with Ronaldo, whether he’s allowed to or not, and I’ve said this consistently throughout this season, that was not a good signing. "Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time, and I’m seen as criticising him – Ronaldo is a million times better than I could ever be, I couldn’t lace his boots, obviously, but I’m not saying that to be disrespectful to him, he’s amazing. Manchester United can’t go into next season with a centre forward who is going to be 38, even if he does score goals that’s not right for Man United."