Over eight million households are now set to receive the first instalment of a payment designed to provide support in what is a challenging time for many. Chancellor Rishi Sunak first shared his intention to issue Britons with more support a month ago. However, the final elements of the Government’s support package have now been passed as legislation. Royal Assent has been given to legislation which enables the cost of living package to be handed out, with the Government saying this is worth £1,200 to millions of UK households. The initial instalment will be issued to eight million households on means-tested benefits from July 14 onwards. It will be worth a total of £326, and be issued directly into the bank accounts of those who are eligible. READ MORE: National Insurance: Sunak's £3,631 'secret tax raid' to 'crush' Brits The payments are made automatically meaning no one will need to apply. Therese Coffey, Work and Pensions Secretary, said: “We’re boosting the budgets of millions of stretched families in every part of the UK, helping them with the cost of living. “In total, low income households are set to receive at least £1,200 in support this year with the initial payment of £326 landing in bank accounts from July. “There’s more help to come later this year, with additional top ups for pensioners and disabled people.” DON'T MISSState pension: Grandparents could secure a boost worth £2,340 [UPDATE]Santander issues warning on text which could drain your account [WARNING]Woman, 42, ‘cuts tablets in half’ in prescription charge struggle [LATEST] The Government states nearly one in four families will be eligible for this payment. In total, millions across the UK are to receive at least £1,200 this year to help with rising costs. Mr Sunak also commented on the latest update, and said: “I know that people are worried about rising prices, which is why our targeted support package is giving eight million of the most vulnerable families £1,200 this year. “We are using all the tools at our disposal to combat rising prices and supporting families who are disproportionately impacted by increasing costs.” READ MORE: British Gas customers could get £1,500 off energy bills - apply now In addition to this, nearly one in 10 of the UK population is set to receive a disability top up of £150. Over eight million pensioner households may also be entitled to an extra £300 on top of their Winter Fuel Payments at the end of the year. A date has not yet been determined for the second instalment of the cost of living support payment, with the Government saying this is due “towards the end of the year”. However, it has been confirmed this will consist of £324. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The eligibility date for this instalment is also set to be released in due course. Individuals who are eligible through their tax credit claim will have HMRC issue these payments automatically, with the first instalment paid out by autumn. The DWP will administer payments for customers on all other eligible means-tested benefits. Britons do not need to contact them or apply for the payment.