Following the weekend's festivities, festival co-organiser asked fans to remember one very important thing. She tweeted mid-afternoon yesterday (Sunday, June 26) asking people to "PLEASE take everything home". Festivals can often hit the headlines for the unbelievable amount of stuff including; tents, chairs, personal items and much more left on sites for the stewards to have to clean up. Emily said: "Thank you making this such a special @Glastonbury. If you're starting to think about packing up, then PLEASE take everything home with you. Let's leave this beautiful valley in the state that it deserves. Enjoy the rest of the Festival! #LoveTheFarm #LeaveNoTrace."   But according to Somerset Live reporters on the ground, not everyone has heeded that request. Sharing a picture of a whiteboard with the words "Bye bye! Safe travels! Thank you for leaving no trace! See you next year!", TV and celebrity writer Maisie Lillywhite said: "A message which has been repeated throughout the weekend, but carries some heavy irony and a hint of sadness with it this morning as people have left tents, camping chairs and other belongings/rubbish behind at Worthy Farm."  Taking to Twitter, @TirnAOge wrote: "It is shocking just how dirty and lazy people are. Do they just drop litter in their own homes too? They should be made to pick up after themselves. The huge mess that is left at Glastonbury is shocking. People really should be ashamed of themselves." Tim Thorne commented on the photos on social media: "Just shows how immature and ignorant many festival-goers are. They can't even keep the place tidy and clean up their own mess..." While Marie Hill added: "People moan about it every year but it still goes ahead. Clearly, the owner of the site isn't too bothered." And Jill Hutton said: "Not really sure how you can even begin to excuse this behaviour, if the rest of the site away from the main areas were clean during the festival you do know that the volunteers clean it all day every day while the festival is on? This is just what remained after everyone had left, it happens on our beaches as well." The official Glastonbury Twitter account has since posted highlighting the "amazing" work of the event's litter pickers, and thanked those of the fans who took their belongings and litter with them. 