Britons are being urged by the Government to check if they are receiving all the help they are entitled to, with annual payments of over £3,300 going unclaimed. Ministers are sharing vital information on social media in a bid to help draw attention to the money available. Soaring inflation and energy bills have left many across the country struggling to budget. Prices for some supermarket essentials have risen as much as threefold in recent weeks. In a call to action, pensions minister Guy Opperman said this week: "We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority. "We’re calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support, which could make a huge difference to people’s everyday lives." READ MORE: Pensioner lets rip at Rishi for failing her in cost-of-living hell Penny Mordaunt, one of the Government's most popular ministers on social media, also released an appeal this morning, asking her followers to "please spread the word". She said: "There are nearly 2,000 pensioners not getting Pension Credit. "It can be claimed online, by telephone or by post. "Information is available at http://gov.uk/pension-credit or by calling the Freephone Pension Credit claim line on 0800 99 1234." Pension Credit is designed to help with daily living costs for people over state pension age and on a low income. Even those not in receipt of a state pension are entitled to receive the payments. DON'T MISS:Pensioners could lose extra £92 a week [INSIGHT]Have Your Say: Should Rishi stop the state pension age rise to 70? [GET INVOLVED]Britons could secure a ‘triple boost’ for retirement worth thousands [UPDATE] They top up a person’s income to a minimum of £182.60 per week for single pensioners and to £278.70 for couples. The Department for Work and Pensions is set to start a leafletting campaign in local communities to help raise the profile of Pension Credit. At the same time, all state pension recipients will receive reminders about Pension Credit in the post. It comes as Rishi Sunak remains under intense pressure to do more to help those struggling with current costs. Ministers have for weeks been drawing up plans to help ease costs further. They are looking at non-fiscal measures to relieve the burden being felt. A joint speech between the Mr Sunak and Prime Minister Boris Johnson on the economic situation has been expected to take place this week. However, with no agreement on how to best help Britons through the coming months, the speech is understood to now be unlikely to take place until next month.