The Duke of York's eldest daughter appeared twice at Royal Ascot, attended a Big Jubilee Lunch celebration in west London and the National Gallery's summer party. Beatrice, 33, was also pictured at Glastonbury Festival last weekend. The mother-of-one has been particularly private in the past even wedding in secret in July 2020. But Beatrice has recently made more public appearances while her father has made just a few after settling a US civil claim against him out of court with Epstein victim Virginia Giuffre. Andrew's settlement was not an admission of guilt and he has repeatedly and vehemently denied any wrongdoing. He stepped down from royal duties in 2019 and lost a number of honorary titles, including Colonel of the Grenadier Guards.  On the first day of Royal Ascot Princess Beatrice walked through the gates with other punters. She told members of the press, as if to calm their frantic activity: "I'll be here all day." Beatrice attended a second time, but this time travelled by carriage with husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. At the Big Jubilee Lunch, the princess told guests she felt "very, very lucky" to have the Queen as her grandmother.  READ MORE ABOUT PRINCE HARRY'S AMERICAN DREAM TURNING INTO A NIGHTMARE Held at Paddington Recreation Ground on June 5, the lunch was hosted by Westminster council. It was one of thousands of similar lunches held across the UK over the Jubilee weekend. Princesses Beatrice was joined by her sister Eugenie for the event where they mingled with members of the community, including NHS workers. Introducing herself to a table of volunteers, Beatrice said: "My name's Beatrice, the Queen is my granny, I'm very, very lucky."  DON'T MISS: Warning to parents as girl, seven, stands on buried barbeque [LATEST] Royal LIVE: Harry 'unhappy' despite Meghan attempts at perfect LA life [REVEALED] Meghan’s latest legal bid with sister fails [REPORT] As well as Trooping the Colour, Beatrice also attended the Service of Thanksgiving, Platinum Jubilee concert and Platinum Jubilee pageant as the country marked the Queen's historic reign. She also spent time with her husband Edoardo, visiting private members club Maison Estelle, which has welcomed stars, including Angelina Jolie and Idris Elba. Beatrice last week wore a £4,000 floor-length white gown from Markarian for the inaugural summer party and fundraiser for the National Gallery's Bicentenary campaign, NG200. Edoardo has become more involved in royal life recently, often joining his wife at events.  However, the couple did not appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace after Trooping the Colour. Eighteen royals appeared, including the Queen, Charles, Camilla, William and Kate. The royal family's Jubilee appearances on the balcony have long offered an insight into the shape and future of the monarchy. The Queen, "after careful consideration", limited the Trooping the Colour balcony appearance to working members of her family who carry out official public duties.  Young additions to the line up included the Queen's Cambridge great-grandchildren Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis as well as the Wessexes' children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Scandals and family dramas in 2022 ensured a vastly altered balcony ensemble for the traditional flypast. Prince Harry was missing after he and the Duchess of Sussex stepped down as senior working royals. 