Your kitchen can become a hub for lingering smells, especially in the cupboard and fridge. Over time, these cubbies can fall victim to unwanted smells.  According to Dominika, a Gloucestershire-based cleaning influencer known as Washy_Wash on TikTok, these can be easily eliminated without the use of chemicals or sprays. In fact, all you need are some freshly ground coffee beans. Speaking on behalf of Coffee Friend, she explained: "Fresh ground coffee in the cupboard has a double effect. "It not only absorbs the odour but also smells great." READ MORE: Wood-burning stove rules: Key changes you need to be aware of in 2022  Coffee contains nitrogen, which helps to neutralise odours in the air. According to experts from Eldorado Coffee: "Coffee grounds are an effective and natural alternative to baking soda. "We like to put an open container of used coffee grounds in the fridge to defuse odours caused by spills or spoiled food." DON'T MISSHow to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture [EXPLAINER]How to clean windows for ‘streak-free results using ‘free trick’ [COMMENT]How to clean bathroom tile grout: Home remedies to banish mould  [REVEALED] Dominika explained: "Fill a bowl with ground coffee and put it in the cupboard. "It can stay there for more than a week, but if you want it to just absorb a smell, let it work for a day, then change it for fresh coffee and repeat until the bad smell in the space is gone." If you are particularly fond of the smell of coffee grounds and don't mind other areas of your home having a hint of the aroma, Eldorado coffee recommends making "sachets" for other rooms. It explained: "You can create makeshift sachets of coffee grounds using old pantyhose or mesh bags, tied off. "Put in gym bags, dresser drawers, cars, and other places to deodorise the air and keep your home smelling fresh and clean." Coffee grounds can even be used to get rid of strong smells from your hands after cooking. An expert from City Girl Coffee Company explained: "Coffee grounds act as a natural deodoriser. "Simply scrub your hands with them after cooking to remove any unwanted smells like garlic and onions." 