Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra beat the UK’s Sam Ryder to win Eurovision 2022 in what was considered one of the closest races in the competition’s history. Following their victory, Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky said in a Facebook post: “Our courage impresses the world, our music conquers Europe! Next year Ukraine will host Eurovision! For the third time in its history. And I believe – not for the last time.” But it seems his joy was short-lived as Ukraine seems set to be stripped of its chance to host the annual event. The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) has ruled that this year’s Eurovision champions would not be able to host the 2023 show due to the ongoing Russian invasion. Ukraine’s culture minister, Oleksandr Tkachenko, condemned the decision, accusing the EBU of undermining his country. He said: “Is it fair to take it away from the country that is fighting for democracy on behalf of the civilised world?” Ukraine’s win “will be reflected in next year’s shows” regardless of where the event is hosted, the EBU said, but has not confirmed where the 2023 performance could be held. The BBC is said to be in “discussions” over the show potentially being hosted in Britain, as the UK finished in second place behind Ukraine. Grahan Norton, the BBC’s long-time cvommentator for the annual event, said: “I think everyone is sad about it in one sense, because that must have been a really terrible decision for the EBU. “They didn’t want to give that news to Ukraine and nobody wanted that happen. Now that it’s happened, I know the BBC are looking at it really seriously, but will it happen? I don’t know. You know as much as I do.” If the UK gets to host next year’s event, it will be the ninth time Britain has welcome the show, with previous year’s being held in London (1960, 1963, 1968, 1977), Edinburgh (1972), Brighton (1974), Harrogate (1982) and Birmingham (1998). But not everyone agrees with the decision. In fact, even Boris Johnson said he believed it should be possible for the contest to go ahead there. Speaking after a surprise vist to Kyiv, he said: “The Ukrainians won the Eurovision song contest. I know we had a fantastic entry, I know we came second and I’d love it to be in this country. “But the fact is that they won and they deserve to have it. I believe that they can have it and I believe that they should have it. I believe Kyiv or any other safe Ukrainian city would be a fantastic place to to have it.” Mr Tkachenko has held emergency talks with the UK’s Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries in an effort to find a solution, saying: “We have common understanding that it should be discussed one more time.” But what do you think? Vote in our poll above with who you think should host the Eurovision Song Contest or have your say on the row in the comments below.