NBC’s latest Law and Order spin-off became a huge hit with the franchise’s loyal fans after it landed on screens in 2021. Despite this, viewers exposed a huge continuity error with fan-favourite Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni).  Elliot Stabler made his first appearance on Law and Order, in the show’s first spin-off Law and Order SVU back in 1999. Alongside the beloved Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) he was a detective and the two worked together as partners to solve crimes. However, this came to an end in 2011 when Stabler decided to retire after fatally shooting a teenage girl, who was firing at her mother’s murderers. After his hiatus, Stabler made his jaw-dropping return to the franchise in 2021 with his own franchise, Law and Order Organized Crime. READ MORE: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert Fans were also eager for the character to return to screens as they has long waited for Stabler to reunite with Benson. However, upon his comeback, one eagle-eyed viewer spotted a major blunder in an episode of the show’s second season titled ‘The Outlaw Eddie Wagner.’ Exposing it on the Movie Mistakes forum, the fan wrote: “Stabler is patted down by an NYPD officer and the officer is shown slipping something into Stabler's left front pants pocket. “After the officer departs Stabler pulls a paper out of his front right pants pocket.”  This episode was a huge one for fans as it was the second part of a two-part episode where they finally addressed the infamous letter. When Benson received it, Stabler had written he had been drugged and then stated he “needs her.” It went on to say: "They need to talk -- because they never spoke about what happened between them.” However, it was then revealed he had never written the letter, instead, it was his deceased wife Kathy Stabler (Isabel Gillies).  DON'T MISS...Britain’s Got Talent winner Axel Blake hits back at ‘fix’ claims [INSIGHT] Law and Order SVU theory: Real reason Benson fails in romance exposed [INSIGHT]Law and Order exit: Why is Anthony Anderson leaving as Kevin Bernard? [INSIGHT] Although at the time, he told Benson he had written it, Stabler confessed it was Kathy's idea. She thought it would make it easier for him and Benson to talk after having not seen each other in so long. Stabler stated he tried to write it himself, however, Kathy was the one who had ended up being the scribe. As the two often flirted and shared longing glances when they worked together, the letter also said what he and Benson felt for each other was never real.   That they had just gotten in the way of the other person being where they needed to be. Inside, it included hopes of Benson moving on and having a good man in her life, which were all shockingly Kathy’s words. Despite this, Stabler did get an opportunity to add his own words which read, if they had existed in a parallel universe, he and Benson would’ve been together. Law and Order OC is available on NB. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 