Queen Elizabeth, 96, is in Scotland this week and was seen taking part in the Ceremony of the Keys at Holyrood today. What is it like inside the palace? One of the Queen’s least frequented homes is the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, also known as her official Scottish residence.  The British monarch typically stays in the historic building for just one week a year, before moving on to her second home in Scotland, Balmoral Castle. This is what Her Majesty is doing this week. Inside, the Palace of Holyroodhouse is palatial. Its outside grounds include beautifully manicured gardens, a large castle yard, an ornate foundation and a memorial statue to King Edward VII.  READ MORE: Sophie stuns in green dress and chic hat with the Queen in Scotland Inside there is a dining room set for 30, a throne room adorned with royal portraits and a morning drawing-room wall-to-wall in French tapestries. Visitors are also free to explore the King's sleeping chamber, which features a red four-poster bed and an ornate fireplace. There's also a spacious gallery and an elaborately decorated staircase. Despite rarely hosting the Royal Family, Holyroodhouse is still a major attraction for tourists and locals alike.  The Palace of Holyroodhouse sits at the tip of the Royal Mile, the Scottish capital's most famous street. Often shortened to 'Holyroodhouse', this iconic property dates back to the 12th century. The chambers were converted by King James VI to create a luxurious home for him and his new wife, Margaret Tudor. Unfortunately, none of the original extensions have survived today. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte to receive new title when Prince William is king  Over the next 100 years, the palace was hit with many challenges, including a destructive fire. It underwent an extensive makeover between 1671 and 1674 and the palace has remained largely unchanged since 1679. The value of the Palace of Holyroodhouse remains unknown. The busy monarch visits the palace every summer to host various royal engagements, but rarely stays longer than a week.  During this trip, which started today for the Queen, Holyroodhouse is off-limits to the public. The Queen's children also stay at the residence from time to time, with Prince Charles checking in for one week every year. The Prince of Wales holds fond childhood memories of Holyroodhouse, having performed his very first royal duty there in June 1965. At just 16 years old, Prince Charles greeted hundreds of young Scottish and Commonwealth students at a summer garden party at the extravagant house. 