The Duchess of Cambridge beamed as she joined Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in the traditional carriage ride. The Duchess, 40, sat opposite her three children as they made their way to the official parade.  Royals fans quickly took to social media to praise the Duchess of Cambridge, and her stylish Alexander McQueen outfit. Fan account @Ljt10x praised the Duchess as "absolutely unbelievably beautiful!" Replying to this comment, @scropedavis wrote that she looked like "perfection". The account added: "She just oozes princess."   Kate was first spotted on Thursday morning as she arrived at Buckingham Palace ahead of the carriage procession in a chic cream outfit and matching hat. She travelled alongside her husband, the Duke of Cambridge. But Prince William did not join his wife and children for the carriage procession as he will be riding on horseback from the Palace to Horse Guards Parade. He will be accompanied by the Prince of Wales, 73, and Princess Anne, 71. READ MORE: Queen adds EXTRA date to Jubilee calendar - despite health fears  Thursday was the first time the young Cambridge children made the ceremonial journey down The Mall together for Trooping the Colour. Royal fan account @loveforcambridg praised on Twitter: "Loved to see Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis on a carriage for the first time! "It was a beautiful moment." @Layzaew_Berg added: "Prince William and Princess Kate must be proud of their adorable beautiful children." DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Protestors invade the Mall - police forced to act [LIVE] Trooping the Colour LIVE: George, Charlotte and Louis steal show [REVEAL] POLL: Should the jubilee always be a bank holiday in the UK? [VOTE]   Twitter account @MarkDSikes posted: "The future is bright." @TeamStatement called the young Cambridges' appearance a "show stealer". The Duchess of Cornwall, Duchess of Cambridge and the young princes and princess were quickly followed by the Earl and Countess of Wessex. Prince Edward, the Queen's youngest son, was dressed in full military gear as he arrived alongside his wife, Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The couple was joined by their children, Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14.