Ms McBride, from the Centre for Brexit Policy, discussed the politics around energy fracking with journalist Liam Halligan where the economist also claimed Europe could no longer rely on Russia to support them with oil. She then went on to explain why she believed Russia was one of the biggest oil and gas lobbyists in the world. Western countries have been finding new ways to provide energy to citizens as they ween themselves off Russian oil in an effort to stop putting money in Putin's pockets.    Mr Halligan said: "Catherine, what does your worldly wisdom gage tell you of the politics of this?" Ms McBride told GB News: "Well I think that the politics is the important part because we need energy security. "We can't rely on Russia to be supporting Europe and then we're relying on Europe whether we like it or not. "Both the centre for... You talk about lobbying from the oil and gas industry, well one of the big lobbyists out there is Russia. JUST IN: If Theresa May hadn’t capitulated to EU we wouldn’t be in this mess! ARLENE FOSTER     Ms McBride added: "Russia used to be the world's biggest gas producer until the US started fracking. "And so a lot of the anti-fracking information is disinformation, and it's coming from Russia. "So both Rasmussen when he was head of NATO, and also the centre for European studies have both discovered that billions of dollars or billions of pounds are being pushed into the NGOs. "To go and protest against fracking." READ MORE:Sturgeon risks fury as SNP 'almost certain' to have changed laws to secure Queen consent     Many European countries have been weening themselves off from Russian gas since the beginning of the invasion in February. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been hit with a number of tough financial sanctions, which include boycotts of oil and gas. Western political leaders aimed to stop giving money to Russia, as it helps them to fund the war in Ukraine. An energy crisis is affecting many countries in Europe, as the price of energy bills has spiked dramatically. DON’T MISS: Brexit vote IN FULL - how your MP voted on the Northern Ireland Protocol revealed [REVEAL]Police seize Brexit Man’s Bray’s speaker under new law banning ‘noisy protests’ [INSIGHT]'Scotland will not be a prisoner' Sturgeon announces date for new independence referendum [SPOTLIGHT]  Boris Johnson has been warning Britons of massive energy reforms to come. The Prime Minsiter said: “People are being charged for their electricity prices on the basis of the top marginal gas price, and that is frankly ludicrous. “We need to get rid of that system and we need to reform our energy markets as they have done in other European countries.  “That is one of the ways, by reforming the market, by changing the way things work, you can get prices down.” READ NEXT