The Ministry of Health in New Zealand emphasised that the smoking cessation tool is a short-term solution to weaning off of nicotine. "Ideally, smokers who are vaping to quit should look to eventually stop vaping too," the health organisation put simply. Puffing on e-cigarettes comes along with its own side effects, including coughing, a dry mouth and throat, shortness of breath, headaches, and mouth and throat irritation. It's for this reason that the Ministry of Health only recommends vaping for smokers wanting to quit – the tool should not be picked up by non-smokers. Moreover, nicotine found in e-cigarettes is addictive, so vaping a nicotine-rich vape can encourage addiction. An addiction to nicotine can cause a person to feel irritable, restless, and may cause an inability to concentrate. In addition, people can experience cravings for another puff of nicotine when they vape. How is nicotine addictive? Nicotine is addictive because it affects part of the brain that is involved in "rewarding behaviour". READ MORE: High cholesterol: The cheap food that can 'remove bad cholesterol from the body’ in weeks Vapers do then have the ability to reduce the strength of the nicotine in their e-liquid, and to reduce their frequency of vaping over time. "Vapers should only lower nicotine levels when they feel they won’t go back to smoking, and don’t have to puff more to compensate," the experts added. Nicotine strengths vary from 0 to 50mg, with some individuals aiming to quit vaping around the 12-month mark. "You can do this by reducing your frequency of vaping or nicotine levels over time," the experts added. The World Health Organisation (WHO) pointed out that there is "growing evidence" to demonstrate that vaping is not harmless. Doctor Michael Joseph Blaha assured that "there’s almost no doubt that vaping exposes you to fewer toxic chemicals than smoking traditional cigarettes". However, the nicotine in e-cigarettes raises a person's blood pressure and spikes adrenaline. As such, adrenaline increases a person's heart rate and the likelihood of having a heart attack. "Emerging data suggests links to chronic lung disease and asthma," said Doctor Blaha. "You’re exposing yourself to all kinds of chemicals that we don’t yet understand and that are probably not safe," Doctor Blaha added. Other smoking cessation aids are available from your local Stop Smoking Service. If you would like additional support to overcome nicotine addiction, contact your doctor's surgery.