Princess Eugenie was all smiles as she joined the thousands of people gathered at the London cathedral to celebrate the life and reign of her beloved grandmother, the Queen. Accompanied by her doting husband of four years, Eugenie looked suitably fashionable in a bright orange gown as she walked down St Paul's nave to take her seat. Much like it happened during the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip last March, Eugenie arrived with her adored sister Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. At one point Mr Brooksbank was pictured sharing a joke with Eugenie's cousin Prince Harry. A few hours after the Trooping the Colour parade ended on Thursday, Princess Eugenie shared how she watched the RAF flypast since she was not among the members of the Firm invited on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Taking to Instagram, she shared a few pictures and a video showing herself, Jack and their son August Philip Hawke looking up in the sky as the 70 aircraft paying tribute to the monarch flew above them from the roof of Buckingham Palace. Little August looked adorable as he donned a brown hat and waved at the planes. Upon sharing the pictures, Eugenie wrote: "The most perfect day to celebrate 70 years". On the eve of the Queen's Platinim Jubilee celebrations got underway, Princess Eugenie penned a touching tribute to her "grannie" for her "patience, calmness and kindness".  READ MORE: Zara Tindall clashes with Priti Patel in hot pink dress at St Paul's Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson’s daughter said she hoped her one-year-old son August would grow up to be like her beloved grandmother. Writing for The Spectator, Princess Eugenie said: "I have given my life to my special little family and hope to impart even an inch of the values my grandmother has lived her life by. I think about my son August and what I’d like for him, what kind of world I’d like him to grow up in. "And I think of my grannie and what she has stood for, for so many people and for our family during these 70 years.  DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan get BOOED as they arrive at St Paul's [VIDEO]Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie wow in deep contrasting colours today [PICTURES]Was Princess Eugenie at the Trooping of the Colour? [EXPLAINER] "I’d love Augie to have her patience, her calmness and her kindness, while always being able to laugh at himself and keep a twinkle in his eye." It came just days after it emerged the 32-year-old has moved to a second home in Portugal after her husband Mr Brooksbank landed a job with a business partner of George Clooney. In early May, Buckingham Palace announced only working members of the Firm would step onto the balcony of her London residence to watch the spectacle with the Queen. The monarch was absent from today's service, as announced yesterday by the Palace.  A statement read: "The Queen greatly enjoyed today’s Birthday Parade and flypast but did experience some discomfort. "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow’s national service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend. "The Queen is looking forward to participating in tonight’s beacon lighting event at Windsor Castle and would like to thank all those who made today such a memorable occasion." 