A series of agreements means the UK and the Faroe Islands both have fisheries jurisdiction over a “special area” between the two countries. The Faroe Islands government last month banned Russian vessels from entering its ports. But the ruling does not apply to fishing boats. A UK Government source said: “The Faroe Islands should have taken a tougher stance on this. “Allowing Russian vessels access to an area worth around £16 million in the midst of the horrors we are seeing in Ukraine is simply wrong. “We, alongside our allies and partners, have taken urgent action to maximise damage to Putin’s war machine and degrade the Russian economy for years to come. “We will categorically not licence any Russian flagged vessels to fish anywhere in UK waters, and we will continue to urge the Faroes to follow our lead, ban these vessels, and do what is ultimately the right thing to do.” The government reportedly intends to introduce a 35 per cent tariff on imports of white fish from Russia this month. Up to 40 per cent of the whitefish on sale in Britain is caught by Russian ships, estimates from industry body Seafish suggested. In 2020, the UK imported 432,000 tonnes of whitefish at a value of £778million, meaning the money going to Russia is likely to be in excess of £200million. There are concerns that the rising cost of fish and energy could put chippy shops across Britain at risk of closure. Andrew Crook, president of the National Federation of Fish Friers, said: "I know a lot of it's beyond the government's control but they do have some things that they can do to help operators like myself, that do everything right and pay the staff well, and try to do everything environmentally sound.” Aoife Martin, director of operations at Seafish, said: “We will continue to provide advice and guidance to businesses to help them to adapt to changes once further information is available.” Reports that Russian trawlers are currently trawling in waters between the UK and the Faroes did not come as news to UK Fisheries. Although we’re not directly affected by that particular arrangement or the loophole that allows the Faroese to licence this practice, the situation is typical of the way that foreign fleets – and especially the Russians – are privileged over the remnants of the UK’s once-great fishing industry. Our state-of-the-art freezer trawler Kirkella, the last distant waters vessel operating from a UK port, is currently finishing a lengthy trip fishing for Arctic cod to the south of Svalbard, five or six days’ steaming from her home port of Hull. She’s up there, rather than in her traditional fishing grounds off the Norwegian coast, because the UK government has repeatedly failed to negotiate anything like adequate quotas for us in the fishing fiasco that followed on from Brexit. Where we were promised a "sea of opportunity" we now have almost nothing at all from the Norwegians. Like the Scottish pelagic fishermen who find themselves surrounded by Russian trawlers in the waters they fish, Kirkella is rarely far from a fleet of Russian demersal trawlers competing for the same stocks. The Norwegians have done little or nothing to sanction the Putin regime, meaning that Russian vessels have free rein in waters where until recently we caught cod and haddock for our national dish. In difficult times such as these when food security issues – and in particular our reliance on imported fish from Russia – should be absolutely paramount, it’s shocking that UK vessels are disadvantaged as we do our utmost to secure fresh fish at affordable prices for British consumers. UK Fisheries used to supply around one in 12 of the portions of whitefish sold through British chippies, but is currently struggling to operate on half the quotas we enjoyed before Brexit. It’s in the hands of the government to change this through negotiations with coastal partner states such as Norway and Greenland. Not only could we secure British jobs and investment, we could cut off the hard currency that Putin so desperately wants to fund his war machine.