Christopher Nkunku has admitted he is "flattered" by transfer links to the likes of Chelsea and Manchester United after addressing speculation surrounding his future. The RB Leipzig star has emerged as a top target for a number of Premier League sides this summer and hinted that he would be open to moving on in the upcoming window.   The French forward, who netted 35 goals and laid on a further 20 assists in 51 appearances in all competitions for the German outfit this season, confessed regular game-time ahead of this year's World Cup in Qatar will also play a factor in any decision regarding his future. Speaking to Telefoot, Nkunku revealed: "It’s no secret there are clubs that are interested in me. "Yes, it’s flattering. But it’s also flattering to have a club like Leipzig doing everything to keep me. Here, we will have to think carefully and make a good decision. "The World Cup is coming to life and this is a parameter to be taken into account. Like I said, you just have to think it through." JUST IN: Harry Kane delivers verdict on Arsenal target as Arteta 'prepares bid'  Nkunku's exploits this season have seen him emerge as one of the most sought-after strikers in world football. Having been deemed surplus to requirements by Paris Saint-Germain, the versatile attacker joined Leipzig in 2019 and has gone from strength to strength ever since. United were understood to be keen on acquiring the 24-year-old this summer after Ralf Rangnick, who previously played a part in luring the Nkunku to Leipzig, expressed his astonishment at the club's failure to have the free-scoring forward on the club's radar. It remains to be seen whether new manager Erik ten Hag will act on United's interest as he looks to freshen up the club's forward line this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag has 'no intention' to follow Rangnick advice  Chelsea have since joined the race for Nkunku following Todd Boehly's takeover of the west London club. The Blues are also expected to add to their ranks in attack this summer amid talk of several players potential seeking exits from Stamford Bridge. Nkunku's form in front of goal has also seen him earn numerous call-ups to the French national team. The Leipzig star has gone on to make three appearances for Les Bleus this calendar year and is evidently eyeing a spot in the French squad at the World Cup in Qatar later in the year.  