High cholesterol is the predecessor of serious health problems, ranging from heart diseases to strokes. Once you identify high levels of the fatty substance, there’s plenty you can do to get your cholesterol to drop. One warning sign is called Arcus senilis, according to Dr Clare Morrison from MedExpress. Dr Morrison said: “It's important to note that high cholesterol doesn't always cause any symptoms at all, and the only reliable way to check your level is by having a blood test. “However, there are visible signs that are sometimes associated with high cholesterol.” One of these signs is a blueish grey ring in your eye, also known as Arcus senilis. The doctor continued: “Sometimes known as 'corneal arcus', this is a blueish grey ring around the coloured part of the eye (iris), caused by a build-up of cholesterol. READ MORE: Cancer: The drink that may raise your risk of cancer ‘by 70% or more’ - it’s not alcohol “It occurs slowly over time.” The American Academy of Ophthalmology explains it’s made of the fatty substance. Your cornea is usually clear and allows the colour of your iris to show through. However, this colourful ring can make it look like your iris is two different colours. The school adds how it occurs: “Arcus senilis usually begins as a short arc of colour along the top and bottom of the cornea.  “Eventually, these may connect and make a complete ring around the cornea.” Dr Morrison explained that this sign might develop in people with normal cholesterol in older age, however, Arcus senilis “should raise suspicion” of high cholesterol in those under 45. She added that the ring won’t affect your sight and doesn’t require a specific action apart from lowering your cholesterol. The American Academy of Ophthalmology adds: “An ophthalmologist can simply look at your eye to diagnose arcus senilis.”  Although Arcus senilis might point to high cholesterol levels, the fatty substance doesn’t generally cause many symptoms. The most reliable way of finding out your levels remains by getting a cholesterol blood test. Your doctor might either take blood from your arm or do a finger-prick test. Once and if you get the condition confirmed, your medical team will determine the best course of action to retrieve your levels from the red zone. Between lifestyle tweaks and cholesterol-lowering medicine, there are plenty of ways to lower your levels. A cholesterol-busting diet regime will focus on cutting back on fatty food rich in saturated fat - think sausages, cheese and biscuits. Other beneficial interventions could include quitting smoking and reducing your alcohol intake. However, some patients might have to start taking statin medication to keep their levels in the healthy range. 