This latest scam comes in the form of a text message informing people their vehicle tax has been "recalculated." The message can catch people out because it tells them they are actually owed money but it’s an attempt to steal someone’s personal details and should be deleted immediately. Fraud now accounts for more than a third (39 percent) of all crime according to figures from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) for 2021. This convincing new DVLA scam text instructs people to click a “secure link” in order to claim the money owed to them. Although seemingly innocent, once people have handed over their personal details they could open themselves up to losing their life savings. Sharing address details can give fraudsters the information they need to take out loans and credit cards, throwing people into thousands of pounds worth of debt, Birmingham Live reported. READ MORE: Universal Credit: Six changes that could affect your benefit payments There has been a spate of texts recently leading the DVLA to issue a warning on Twitter. The DVLA said: “Watch out for 'phishing' text or email messages, like these. "DVLA will never ask you to reply, give personal or bank details or ask you to log into an account,” it added. Unfortunately it’s not the only DVLA scam doing the rounds with people reporting two other common scams. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money [INSIGHT]Santander ups interest rates on mortgages and savings [UPDATE]Premium Bonds: Agent Million on what happens when NS&I savers win [INSGIHT] Other common DVLA scams include: It’s not just the DVLA that has been forced to issue a warning to its customers. Lloyds Bank also issued a warning to everyone this week after purchase scams have more than doubled already this year. It found that fraudsters are finding new ways to trick people online, with more and more people losing money via adverts on social media. Liz Ziegler, Retail Fraud & Financial Crime Director, Lloyds Bank, said: “When shopping online, the best way to keep safe is to buy from a trusted retailer whenever possible, and always pay by card for the greatest protection." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To report a scam people should contact Action Fraud - the UK’s national reporting centre for fraud and cybercrime. People can report scams using the online reporting service and find help and support. Alternatively people can talk to a specialist by calling 0300 123 2040. If someone is in immediate danger or risk of harm they should call 999. Do you have a scam story to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from anyone who has been scammed. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com.