Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, is known across the globe for sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now, her followers share their hacks on forums which have over 100,000 members, including how to effectively clean kitchen tiles. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Jill Clode wrote: “What’s the best way to clean these ties without leaving smear marks and getting rid of them?” Kitchen tiles can get dirty for a few reasons including particles from cooking or even ironing. They can be a pain to clean, especially if there are a lot of them. Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans shared advice for Jill on how best to clean the tiles. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 99p way to get rid of black mould - ‘brilliant’ Joe Jephson commented: “Glass cleaner works wonders, cheap and quick too.” Nicola Harrison said: “Use glass cleaner.” Kelsey Hanks wrote: “Glass cleaner, no smears.” Harriet Bull recommended using a supermarket's brand of glass cleaner which can be picked up for as little as 37p. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 80p hack to banish washing machine odours [COMMENT]Paint colours to ‘avoid’ in the kitchen - what to pick instead [EXPERT]‘Key’ to growing ‘holiday plants’ in the UK - ‘hot climate’ isn’t need [INSIGHT] Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using microfibre cloths along with a small bit of water. Microfibre cloths capture dirt and can be used wet or dry. Alison Lawrence wrote: “I take a small bit of white vinegar and then buff with a microfibre cloth.” Rianna Hayward said: “White vinegar.” The acidic composition of vinegar helps to break down any gunk and leave surfaces streak-free. It can be used on lots of surfaces around the home including on windows, mirrors and tiles. White vinegar can be purchased for as little as £1 from supermarkets as well as retailers like Wilko, B&M and Home Bargains. Sharing tips on the same page, Mrs Hinch fans shared advice on the best ways to clean ovens. Melissa Hamblin commented: “Use The Pink Stuff Paste, leave it on for 10 minutes and then scrub off with a scourer.” The Pink Stuff Paste is an affordable cleaning paste used by Mrs Hinch and her followers. The product is gentle on surfaces but tough on stains, ideal for cleaning different areas of the home. Tracey Little said: “Use The Pink Stuff Paste on the inside, it will get rid of all the grime, miracle cleaner.” Alyson Lee added: “Just used it on my oven today, easy and simple to use. It has done a fantastic job.”