Paul Pogba is holding off on a return to Juventus just yet as he prepares to wait for the offer from Paris Saint-Germain. Zinedine Zidane looks the favourite to take Mauricio Pochettino's job and the Frenchman is a huge fan of the Manchester United midfielder. Pogba is waiting to hear from PSG before signing any contract at Juventus after being heavily linked with a return to Italy. Pochettino looks set to be sacked at the Parc des Princes with Zidane now the favourite to take his place. The France international will see his contract expire at United this month and it has already been confirmed that he will be leaving after six years at Old Trafford. Real Madrid had long been considered the frontrunners for his signature but have opted to sign Aurelien Tchouameni instead. However, one of the main reasons for Madrid's interest was the efforts of Zidane, who over two spells as manager wanted to signed the Red Devils star. While a union at the Bernabeu now is off the cards, the two Frenchman could finally work together at PSG. Pochettino is on the verge of being sacked at the Parc des Princes despite winning the title as part of widespread changes to the club. Zidane has jumped ahead of the likes of Christophe Galtier and Thiago Motta as the favourite to replace the former Tottenham boss. According to RMC Sport, that has piqued Pogba's interest midway through talks with Juventus over a return to the Old Lady. The 29-year-old had looked odds-on to sign for the Italian giants - six years after leaving them for Old Trafford. PSG had already been interested in the World Cup winner but they had been perceived as one of the lower options ahead of next season. However, the arrival of Zidane could see them catapult to the front of the queue. It will rely largely, still, on what kind of contract the Parisians are willing to offer Pogba. But, considering their mass wealth, they can afford to blow Juventus out of the water should it come to a bidding war. The signing of Pogba would also be a major marquee arrival at PSG - the kind they love to do - and would be the perfect combination with Zidane in terms of glitz and glamour. The Ligue 1 champions might have to move quickly, though, as the midfielder will not wait forever to find a new club. During his time at United, Pogba won the FA Cup and the Europa League - both in the same season under Jose Mourinho. However, his Red Devils stint has largely been disappointing amid a public spat with the Portuguese coach and a series of injuries. Pochettino is on the verge of being sacked at the Parc des Princes despite winning the title as part of widespread changes to the club. Zidane has jumped ahead of the likes of Christophe Galtier and Thiago Motta as the favourite to replace the former Tottenham boss. According to RMC Sport, that has piqued Pogba's interest midway through talks with Juventus over a return to the Old Lady. The 29-year-old had looked odds-on to sign for the Italian giants - six years after leaving them for Old Trafford. PSG had already been interested in the World Cup winner but they had been perceived as one of the lower options ahead of next season. However, the arrival of Zidane could see them catapult to the front of the queue. It will rely largely, still, on what kind of contract the Parisians are willing to offer Pogba. But, considering their mass wealth, they can afford to blow Juventus out of the water should it come to a bidding war. The signing of Pogba would also be a major marquee arrival at PSG - the kind they love to do - and would be the perfect combination with Zidane in terms of glitz and glamour. The Ligue 1 champions might have to move quickly, though, as the midfielder will not wait forever to find a new club. During his time at United, Pogba won the FA Cup and the Europa League - both in the same season under Jose Mourinho. However, his Red Devils stint has largely been disappointing amid a public spat with the Portuguese coach and a series of injuries.