Russian forces are engaged in a fierce battle in eastern Ukraine, as they continue their attempts to take control of the Donbas. Intense fighting is currently raging in the city of Sieverodonetsk, where Ukrainian and Russian soldiers are locked in deadly combat. The city, like many others in Ukraine, has been subjected to a brutal barrage of Russian artillery and air strikes, which have led to devastating destruction and loss low life. New intelligence reports from the UK's Ministry of Defence (MoD) suggest the Russian tyrant is having to resort to ever more desperate measures in the pursuit of his war aims. With stocks of precision weapons running low, the Kremlin has been forced to wheel out Cold War-era arms to continue its brutal assault. In particular, Putin's army is reported to be using Kh-22 missiles, that were originally intended to target aircraft carriers using nuclear warheads. The MoD said in its Saturday bulletin: "Since April, Russian medium bombers have likely launched dozens of 1960s era Kh-22 air-launched, heavy anti-ship missiles against land targets. "These 5.5-tonne missiles were primarily designed to destroy aircraft carriers using a nuclear warhead. "When employed in a ground attack role with a conventional warhead they are highly inaccurate and can therefore cause significant collateral damage and civilian casualties. "Russia is likely resorting to such inefficient weapon systems because it is running short of more precise modern missiles, while Ukrainian air defences still deter its tactical aircraft from conducting strikes across much of their country." Last week, the British Defence Secretary travelled to Kyiv to hold talks with Ukraine's President. During his two-day trip, Ben Wallace also had a meeting with Oleksii Reznikov, Ukraine's Minister of Defence. The meetings focused on the UK continuing to provide operationally effective lethal aid that meets the current and future threats facing Ukraine. Mr Zelensky later praised the UK for its support, describing Britain as "a real friend". READ MORE: Russia blasted by German minister over blockade of Ukraine He said: "I am grateful in general to Great Britain, the government and the Prime Minister. "The war highlights who is our friend or friends – not just strategic friends, but real friends now. "And I believe Great Britain is a friend." The Ukraine President added: "Arms, money and sanctions – these are three things in which Great Britain consistently demonstrates its leadership." Mr Wallace in turn hailed Mr Zelensky for the leadership he had shown during the war with Russia. DON'T MISS Putin humiliated as leading battalion REFUSE to fight [REVEAL]'Could execute them' Zelensky’s advisor warns of two UK fighters' fate [NEWS]Russia 'failing to provide services' in Ukraine sparking cholera fears [SPOTLIGHT] The UK's Defence Secretary said the Ukrainian President was "doing amazing, amazing." Britain was the first European country to send weapons to Ukraine and has since sent military aid worth more than £750million. These include thousands of anti-tank missiles, air defence systems and armoured vehicles. The British Government also announced recently it would supply M270 multiple-launch rocket systems (MLRS) to Ukrainian forces to help them defend themselves from Russian long-range artillery. Mr Wallace's visit to Kyiv came a day after two Britons and a Moroccan were sentenced to death by a court in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic.