Obi-Wan Kenobi is more than half-way through season one and with each episode, the sci-fi series has noticeably grown darker. As Obi-Wan (played by Ewan McGregor) himself remains in hiding, now going by the name of Ben, he comes across a tomb in episode four of the Disney+ drama. However, fans weren't expecting to see any familiar faces from the Star Wars franchise lying within. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Obi-Wan Kenobi.In Obi-Wan Kenobi episode four, Ben enters a mysterious tomb where he comes across many bodies, including that of youngling. But what surprises him the most is seeing the body of Tera Sinube floating in a transparent orange casket. Jedi Master Tera Sinube will only be known to those who are avid fans of the rest of the Star Wars franchise, including the animated series The Clone Wars which he features in. While viewers were excited to see him feature in the live-action series, it was bittersweet to see he had been killed. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' Tera was a male Cosian Jedi Master who sat on the Jedi High Council prior to the Invasion of Naboo in The Clone Wars. As he got older, his body started to slow down but his mind remained the same, in part thanks to the use of the Force. Later on in his life, Tera went on to train younglings in the ways of the Force on Coruscant. This path he chose could very well be the reason he ended up being killed. Ben doesn't discover exactly what happened to Tera after finding his body but there is a good indication of what could have occurred earlier on in the series. In the beginning of Obi-Wan Kenobi's first episode, there is a Sith attack on a temple full of younglings as part of the Order 66. Tera was not seen himself in that particular scene but the appearance of a dead youngling in a tank near his floating body indicates that he most likely died trying to defend them. Eagle-eyed fans also spotted another body of a Jedi Master floating close by to Tera. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [THEORY]Pirates of the Caribbean: Johnny Depp return hopes boosted [CAST]Who voices Darth Vader in Obi-Wan Kenobi? [EXPLAINER] Fans believe they could see Pablo-Jill in a neighbouring see-through casket in a wider shot of the tomb. Pablo-Jill featured in Star Wars: Episode II, Attack of the Clones and Episode III, Revenge of the Sith. Disney+ subscriber Sammie took to Twitter to comment: "We totally just saw Tera Sinube huh...what other notable Jedi do you guys think they have the bodies of?" In response, Votto Burner replied: "Well we saw they had Pablo-Jill there. Most terrifying Jedi of them all." Season one of Obi-Wan Kenobi is almost over with just a couple more episodes left to air. Part five will be dropped on Wednesday, June 15, and the grand finale is going to be released the following week on June 22. As of yet, there has been no talk of Obi-Wan Kenobi returning for a second season. Obi-Wan Kenobi continues Wednesdays on Disney+.