In March 2022, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the Government’s budgetary plans and initiative to change the threshold for National Insurance. The amount at which someone pays National Insurance will increase for employees, and for the self-employed. This threshold is the financial point at which taxpayers begin to pay the standard rate of the tax on their salary or on their profits. Mr Sunak confirmed that the primary threshold for the main rate of National Insurance will jump from £9,880 to £12,570 from July 6, 2022. According to the Government, this tax change will benefit around 30 million, wrestling in an overall tax saving of around £330. These changes to National Insurance have been introduced following the controversy surrounding the Government’s decision to hike National Insurance payments by 1.25 percentage points this year. Critics blasted the decision due to the fact taxpayers are having to deal with rising inflation and increases to the energy price cap as it is. READ MORE: Inheritance warning as Britons shell out £100,000 unnecessarily  This will continue even when the upcoming Health and Social Care Levy is implemented next year. Around 2.2 million people will not have to pay Class 1 and Class 4 National Insurance contributions and the Health and Social Care Levy after the threshold change. Steven Cameron, the pensions director at Aegon, shared why he believes the threshold increase is “welcome relief” for Britons during the cost of living crisis. Mr Cameron said: “Many individuals will have seen their take-home fall from April due to the 1.25 percentage point increase in National Insurance contributions.  “But there’s some welcome relief coming in from July when the lower threshold of earnings on which employees pay National Insurance increases by £2,690 to £12,570. “This will mean anyone earning under £12,570 will no longer pay NICs. For those above this level of earnings, it will mean an extra £29.70 per month in take-home pay. “The threshold rise will offer some small relief to individuals when prices are rising at the fastest rate for 40 years. “In further good news, even those who will no longer pay NICs will still receive a credit towards their future state pension as long as they earn above £6,396 a year.” READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how widow who 'can't afford to eat' can get by Despite this, some financial experts are concerned if this extra £330 is enough to assist those most in need. Laura Suter, a personal finance expert from AJ, gave examples of which households are likely to benefit from the latest National Insurance change and which may lose out. Ms Suter explained: “Someone on £25,000, who sees their salary increase in line with wage expectations, will pay £120 more in tax over those five years. “But it’s the middle earners where the squeeze really happens, as someone on £50,000 will pay an extra £1,853 in tax over that time. “However, the higher earners come out better off, with someone on £80,000 actually paying £23 less tax over the period. “The higher earner anomaly is because under the new system the upper limit for National Insurance, where the lower 3.25 percent rate kicks in, will be frozen at £50,270 for the next four years, which means that as someone’s salary increases it’s only subject to 3.25 percent National Insurance.”