Aspiring designers can submit their idea for a wacky new holiday home to the Airbnb fund. A lucky 100 winners will receive $100,000 (£81,000) each to build their creation. In 2021, a typical Airbnb host earned £6,000 extra income a year while those with a unique listing made £6,900. Holidaymakers are increasingly searching for unique holiday homes with searches for interesting properties up by 50 percent in 2021. One of the judging panel owns their own extraordinary holiday let, a six-ton prop potato in Idaho. Kristie Wolfe said: “When the Idaho Potato Commission retired a six-ton prop potato, I took it off their hands and spent $32,000 (£26,000) transforming it into an Airbnb. READ MORE: Ryanair strikes: Planned walkout dates and countries affected “I went from making $13/hr (£10.62) to seeing $208,000 (£169,000) in earnings in less than three years, and leveraged that income to bootstrap my way through additional listings that allow me to express my creativity and connect with hundreds of people in the process.” The Big Idaho Potato Hotel is an extraordinary getaway for two and even has a spa retreat made from an old silo. One visitor wrote on Airbnb: “An exceptional stay- beautifully decorated, comfortable and unique.” Guests looking for a unique experience could opt to stay in The Boot, a fairytale style tiny home in New Zealand. Set on the Tasman coast, The Boot is suitable for two travellers and has large open fireplaces inside and out. Also in New Zealand, the Yellow Submarine offers guests a Beatles themed adventure complete with a Victorian steampunk lounge. The tiny home can sleep four guests and even has a steering wheel, captain and portholes. The UK also has its fair share of unique listings and Airbnb recently named Britain’s most popular spots. The Willow in Pembrokeshire was Airbnb’s most wishlisted unique property in the whole of the UK. A luxury glamping escape, The Willow includes a hot tub and a huge grassy garden area for guests to enjoy. Stargazers might prefer Scotland’s unique and secluded airship, a popular listing in the Highlands. The insulated aluminium pod offers visitors views of the Sound of Mull and can host two guests. Spice Girls fans will be fighting over the Spice Girls bus which guests can stay in on the Isle of Wight. The original model from the film Spice World, the bus has two floors and can sleep up to three guests. Aspiring designers can apply to the Airbnb OMG fund at news.airbnb.com/omgfund.