Martin Roberts was in Staffordshire taking a look around a two-bed, semi-detached property that was going up for auction. The guide price was £90,000+ and the Homes Under the Hammer presenter said it “looked pretty good” from the outside. But there was an “overwhelming smell of animal” as soon as you stepped inside. Nevertheless, Martin could see the potential, and so could AJ and Katie who ended up buying the property. They went onto make £60,500 in pre-tax profit by making a simple change to the upstairs layout. At the front of the property was the kitchen, and a large reception room with “big windows looking out onto the garden” was at the back. Upstairs, there was only two bedrooms and a bathroom. Martin, however, suggested splitting the largest bedroom in two - but there was one long continous window which needed to be adapted to do so. AJ and Katie spent £99,500 buying the property and AJ explained what appealed to them at auction: “We really like the area and we thought it was the property with the least problems and things to do. READ MORE: 'Bizarre': Prince Andrew still lives with Sarah in £30m home “This is our first time doing an auction property.” In terms of the plans for renovation, Martin wondered: “What about layout? It’s a two-bed at the moment.” “We’ve looked at other houses on the street which have cut off the largest bedroom to make a third bedroom,” AJ said. “There’s a bit of complication because the window goes right across [the room] and also the heating goes right across, so I’m not sure it’s practical and worth the expense.” DON'T MISS...'Finds them hilarious!’ Queen enjoys collecting common kitchen item [INSIDER]Weight loss: Couple shed 27st after fears they were going to die [INTERVIEW]Food storage hack: How to keep celery crunchy for 4 weeks [GUIDE] Martin suggested “going up” into the room, creating a dorma bedroom. “That has been done on several houses on the, and there’s a lot of space in the loft,” AJ added. “I haven’t seen any dormas or big extensions on any other houses on the street. “Once again, it’s a cost issue. I think this house, with fairly cosmetic upgrades will rent well.” READ MORE: How much is Holyrood House worth? Queen to stay in Edinburgh this week AJ and Katie had a budget of £15,000 to “put in a new kitchen, bathroom and redecorate throughout”. In the end, the owners decided to split the largest bedroom into two. “It made sense to have two good-size double bedrooms instead of one enormous bedroom,” Katie said. AJ also explained how they can get another £25-£50 a month by having a third bedroom when renting the property as a whole. The couple spent £20,000-£25,000 doing the property up - £5,000-£10,000 over their initial budget. As for how much the property is now valued at, an estate agent said £175,000-£185,000. “That’s a smashing price!” AJ remarked. “Really happy with that.” The couple’s total spend, including the purcahase price, was £124,500. So a sale at £185,00 would leave them with a pre-tax profit of £60,500.