Imran Khan was forced out of office after parliamentarians voted to oust him in April. The opposition needed a minimum of 172 votes out of the 342 member body to remove him from power. He was only narrowly shown the door, with 174 members voting “no confidence”. The vote was supported by more than a dozen defectors from Mr Khan’s own political party, according to CNN. The former Prime Minister has now claimed his party MPs were “bribed” by the United States to go against him. These were persuaded with “one million dollars”, according to MailOnline. He said America chose to influence the vote after he held face-to-face talks with Vladimir Putin on February 23. One day later, the Kremlin leader announced Russia’s “special military operation” in Ukraine. US diplomat Donald Lu said Mr Khan claimed Pakistan would suffer “consequences” if he remained in power. The former PM is said to have added that “all would be forgiven” if he was removed from power. READ MORE: Fatal flaw in Europe’s plan to save Ukraine laid bare Mr Khan said he had “no idea” Putin was going to send his troops into Ukraine. He added that he did not “abandon the trip” because he needed to think about what was “necessary” for “vulnerable citizens”. In an interview with the Times, he said that after the invasion was announced he thought: “Should we leave, abandon the trip and go home? I might have earned some brownie points for that. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] “But our relationship with Russia, already in a freeze, would be over. “In the end we thought about our own country and what we needed for our vulnerable citizens.” Washington has denied his accusations. A US State Department said there was “no truth” to the remarks back in April. After the vote was held, opposition leader Shehbaz Sharif hailed “a new day for our country”. He said: “Now we will make Pakistan again a country grounded in the law and the Constitution.”