Jamie O'Hara has urged former club Tottenham to tap up Richarlison as one of three signings this summer, despite insisting the Everton forward is only good enough to make the Spurs bench. The ex-midfielder claims the Brazilian would likely play second fiddle to all three of Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski should he join Antonio Conte's ranks, but believes the Toffees talisman would make for a "great" addition alongside two other new recruits.   The North Londoners appear intent on making a step up this summer having clinched Champions League football next season under Conte's guidance. The Lilywhites have already snapped up Inter Milan's Ivan Perisic and Southampton stopper Fraser Forster on free transfers, while Brighton's Yves Bissouma is close to being confirmed, and O'Hara believes Tottenham must continue to strengthen. In particular, the former Spurs man urged his old side to sign Richarlison, but warns the 25-year-old will likely have to settle for a spot on the substitutes bench. Speaking to Grosvenor Sport, O'Hara claimed: “Richarlison would be a great signing for Spurs. “It’s not long ago Barcelona were trying to sign him for £70 million. I think he’s Everton’s best player. I think if you put him in a really good side like Spurs, then he’d probably be better. But where does he play? "Does he play in front of Son Heung-min? No. Does he play in front of Dejan Kulusevski? No. He doesn’t play in front of Harry Kane. So that’s the problem you’ve got, if you bring someone in they’re always going to be playing second fiddle to that front three.” READ MORE: Premier League fixture release in full: Man Utd, Liverpool learn fate  O'Hara also explained that he feels Tottenham need to target a left-sided centre-half as well as a right wing-back to fit Conte's system, despite the arrival of the versatile Perisic. Should Spurs do so, the 35-year-old believes they "won't be far off" challenging the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool atop the Premier League's summit. “I’d like to see Spurs sign a left-sided centre-half," he added. "They’re playing Ben Davies there still. We know Conte likes to play 3-4-3. So I think if they bring in a left-sided centre-half and a wing-back again, another wing-back would be good. "I know they brought in Perisic, but Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal are not good enough. A right wing-back and a left-sided centre-half and Spurs won’t be far off it.” One such option who is understood to be in talks with Tottenham over a summer move is that of highly sought-after Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence, who recently helped Nottingham Forest achieve promotion to the Premier League during an eye-catching loan spell. However, while O'Hara admitted he is an admirer of the 21-year-old, he questioned whether his old club would be better off looking elsewhere for a more experienced option. DON'T MISS  “I really like Djed Spence, I think he’d be a great signing for Spurs,” the 35-year-old added. “He’s still obviously young and quite raw. It’s a step up for him in the Premier League, you can tell he’s way too good in the Championship. "Is he good enough to come into the Spurs side and be one of their best players? As a right wing-back in Conte’s team you’ve got to be one of the best players in the side as you’re massively important to his team. "Is Djed Spence that guy? He could be in the future, but I’d like to see Spurs go with a bit more experience and a bit more quality.”  Another name linked with Tottenham this summer is that of former favourite Christian Eriksen. The Dane, who revived his career at Brentford last season following a life-threatening cardiac arrest at Euro 2020, has been tipped to return to Spurs this summer, and O'Hara believes he too would be a great addition to Conte's ranks - providing any animosity between the 30-year-old and Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy has subsided. “I’d love to see Eriksen back in a Spurs shirt,” O’Hara declared. “He’s too good for Brentford, he’s still playing well on the international stage. I’d love to see him back in the team. Whether Spurs can get it done is another question. How upset is he with Daniel Levy when he left the club last time? It’ll be interesting.”  