The Last Kingdom continues to be a Netflix hit and viewers are eagerly awaiting the return of Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon). While the series has now come to an end, the protagonist will star in the upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. The actor opened up about one of the worst moments he experienced on set. Uhtred actor Dreymon has previously discussed performing his own stunts and throwing himself into the action. With the help of a stunt coordinator, he is able to pull off some impressive battle sequences. Dreymon, who is trained in martial arts in real life, admitted it does not always go to plan. When he was filming for the very first season, he almost broke one of his co-star's noses. He said: "During that sequence [the one at the end of season one], I did kick somebody in the face and almost broke his nose and that was one of the worst moments. READ MORE: What languages does Alexander Dreymon from The Last Kingdom speak? "Your heart is pounding and your adrenaline is shooting and you're just hoping they're okay." Thankfully his colleague was fine and did not suffer any serious injuries. Ahead of the release of the final season, the star opened up about what it was like working with stunts and horses. He said: "To get into any role I really need a physical component to open that up for me. "Even if it is a very intellectual part, there is still a physical component to it. "First of all, we are working with an extraordinary stunt team, I’m very proud of what we are putting together and very proud of being part of the stunt team. "Yes, I really enjoy the physical aspect of it and the horse-riding aspect of it." He said he loved the contact he had with the horses and enjoyed having to be so alert to their movements. The star joked: "I ride a horse called Pedro who is basically a bit of a moody teenager, so he is always testing the limits. "So you always have to be on top of that, at the same time as doing your scene. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom star praises Alexander Dreymon’s directing [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star admits stunt blunder [INSIGHT] Where does Eliza Butterworth from The Last Kingdom live now? [EXPLAINER] "There is a level of alertness, it’s such an enjoyable wave to ride on." Stunt co-ordinator Levente Lezsák is the mastermind behind the intense battle scenes. He explained it was an easy process as everyone was so professional. He added: "The guys love all this stuff. I think it comes from inside. "And they really love to do their own stunts and fights and everything. "Actually, I never use doubles for them in the fight scenes. "Only when they do really heavy or dangerous stunts, but normally they do all their own stunts, and they are really good. "They have lots of ideas, and we can build those ideas into the fights." Fans will be looking forward to seeing Uhtred in action in the upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die. The film is expected to be released in 2023. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.