Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced eight million people on benefits would receive a £650 cash boost in the form of a cost of living payment last week. However, not everyone will benefit. Many cash strapped Britons are looking forward to July when they will receive the first instalment of the cost of living payment. However, people who have a joint claim with a partner for Universal Credit are being informed they will only get one £650 payment and not two. People who claim Personal Independence Payments and carers could also fall through the cracks and miss out on this vital financial support. They will only get the £650 if they are also on means-tested benefits like Universal Credit and Tax Credits, the Government has confirmed. READ MORE: 'Distraught' woman in tears after scammers steal £97,000 inheritance Money saving expert Martin Lewis has raised this issue with the Chancellor highlighting that carers save the British economy £132billion per year. Often they are also earning much less because of their caring responsibilities but may not be claiming means-tested benefits. At the same time, some 500,000 people are estimated to be missing out on Carer’s Allowance which could top up their income if they are caring for someone for at least 35 hours a week. To qualify for Carer’s Allowance, people need to be caring for someone and earning no more than £132 a week. DON'T MISSState pensioners may get extra £92 per week for hearing loss [UPDATE]Woman shares way pensioners can make hundreds of pounds extra monthly [INSIGHT]State pension may hit £10,600 yet old state pension will pay just £8k [ALERT] How much are the cost of living payments? Everyone will receive an energy bills rebate of £400. Approximately eight million people who receive Universal Credit, legacy benefits and Pension Credit will qualify for £650. Britons on disability benefits like Attendance Allowance will get a one-off sum of £150 in September. Pensioner households will receive an extra £300 this year. Meanwhile, £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year. Millions of people could claim further help in the form of loans, grants and help towards energy bills. They may also be entitled to free prescriptions, a discount on Council Tax and free or cheaper broadband. This help is usually available to people who are claiming Universal Credits, tax credits and Pension Credit. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Universal Credit claimants can also apply for a budgeting loan adding up to £812, if they are a couple with children. This can be paid back over a period of 12 months. Britons who rely on disability benefits like PIP could even apply for a grant to help them make changes to their home worth up to £30,000. Expectant mothers can apply for a maternity grant of £1,000 which doesn’t need to be paid back. 