Olivier Lavorel was initially announced as the competitor who had died following an incident at Ago's Leap. His teammate, César Chanal, was also reported to have been airlifted to hospital in a critical condition. However, on Wednesday it was confirmed that it was Sidecar driver Chanal had died in the race while passenger Lavorel remains in hospital. The families of both men have been notified, Belfast Live reports. In a statement, the Isle of Man TT said: "On Saturday 4th June during the opening lap of the first Sidecar Race of the 2022 Isle of Man TT Races, an accident at Ago’s Leap involving outfit number 21 of César Chanal and Olivier Lavorel resulted in the death of one of the competitors.  "The race was stopped with the deployment of full-course red flags, and medical personnel, a Travelling Marshal, and the emergency services were immediately dispatched to the scene. "One of the competitors sustained injuries that would not support life and was sadly declared dead at the scene. The second competitor was unconscious with severe injuries.  "The injured competitor was treated at the roadside before being transferred to Noble’s Hospital, and then airlifted to a specialist hospital in Liverpool to receive treatment. "An initial identification procedure was conducted using established procedures and would appear to have resulted in a mistaken identification. We now believe it was César Chanal who died at the scene of the accident on Saturday 4th June. Olivier remains in a critical condition and continues to receive treatment. "Both competitors’ families have been informed. "A thorough review of the processes relating to the identification of competitors will take place in due course. "Our thoughts are with the family and loved ones of both Olivier and César at this truly devastating time.  "We ask that people do not speculate on social media." Chanal is the third fatality at this year’s TT after Welshman Mark Purslow died in a crash during qualifying, while Northern Ireland rider Davy Morgan died following a crash during Monday's Supersport race. The Isle of Man TT or Tourist Trophy races are an annual motorcycle racing event run on the Isle of Man. According to the race's official website, the event takes place in May/June of most years and has done since its inaugural race back in 1907. The event is often called one of the most dangerous racing events in the world. 