Good morning and welcome back to Taylor's Tuesday Transfers for the second installment of this summer's column! Premier League boards and managers are really starting to up the ante in their pursuit of new recruits ahead of their return for pre-season training and I have you covered on what's really going on at your club as the rumour mill spins into overdrive. If you haven't already, you can follow all the latest on my Twitter account @RyanTaylorSport, whilst you can also be kept in the loop via my YouTube channel - Taylor Talks Transfers - here... Liverpool to profit from Michael Edwards clause Michael Edwards may have moved onto pastures new but Liverpool could be set to profit from yet another masterstroke from their former sporting director this summer. That's because Edwards negotiated a 10 per cent sell-on clause in the deal to sell the club's former youngster Taiwo Awoniyi to Union Berlin in 2021 and the Nigerian international is close to sealing a return to England with Nottingham Forest, in a move worth up to £16million. The Championship play-off winners are expected to finalise the signing of Awoniyi in the coming days, meaning Liverpool are in line for a small windfall. Despite spending nearly six years at Liverpool, Awoniyi failed to feature for the first team due to work permit issues after signing for around £400,000 in August 2015. But Forest's club-record deal will ensure the Reds still overturn profit for the 24-year-old, who has made a name for himself in the Bundesliga after netting 15 goals in 31 league outings last season. Arsenal priorities and announcements Arsenal are prioritising the signings of Gabriel Jesus and Raphinha, although there are no significant developments of note in regards to the Gunners' interest in the Leeds attacker. Amid talk of an opening offer for the Brazilian winger, Express Sport understands Arsenal are mindful that Leeds are keen to encourage a bidding war for their star man, who is also attracting interest from Barcelona, Tottenham and Chelsea. He is very much one of the names on the agenda though but interest in Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans has cooled. The Belgian's dwindling contract at the King Power Stadium - which expires in 2023 - means he is an option that could still be revisited later in the window. Arsenal have also seemingly taken a backseat in their pursuit of Bologna full-back Aaron Hickey, who has also been the subject of enquiries from Brentford, as they focus on bolstering their forward line. Instead, the Gunners are focused on landing Lisandro Martinez from Ajax after seeing an opening offer rejected as the Argentine is also deemed capable of providing cover at left-back. Bologna chief Marco Di Vaio recently confirmed the Scotland international could be sacrificed this summer to bolster the Serie A club's finances. He said: "It could be, he is one of those we could sacrifice, but if we don’t receive adequate offers, he’ll likely stay for another year," Di Vaio said. "We have a good potential to do well and earn more than 50 points [next season]. We must be good at financing new signings and finding new players. "If we make the right moves, we’ll be able to replace them and keep all the others." Arsenal remain open to signing Hickey but would ideally like to shift Nuno Tavares before moving for the highly-rated 20-year-old. Atalanta baulked at Arsenal's steep £35m valuation of the Portuguese full-back during recent transfer discussions. The Gunners are hoping to unveil the signing of Fabio Vieira from Porto in the next 24 hours while New England Revolution goalkeeper Matt Turner will undergo a medical on Wednesday. Negotiations with Manchester City for Jesus are ongoing after their opening offer worth in the region of £35m plus add-ons was rejected by the Premier League champions. EXCLUSIVE: Broja open to West Ham move Express Sport understands Armando Broja would be willing to assess any offer that arrives from West Ham in the coming weeks. The Albanian international frontman has been the subject of initial talks between the Hammers and Chelsea, who are set to wave goodbye to director and fierce transfer negotiator Marina Granovskaia imminently. Once the Russian's shock departure has materialised, it's understood any decision regarding the future of Broja could rest with new owner Todd Boehly and manager Thomas Tuchel. The initial plan was for the Chelsea boss to cast an eye over the 20-year-old striker in pre-season following his impressive loan spell with Southampton, where he netted six times in 32 Premier League outings. But it's understood West Ham are prepared to test the water with an offer worth in the region of £25m to £30m - which could help bolster Chelsea's transfer budget. Sources close to the player have told Express Sport that any offer from the Irons would be analysed by Broja, who is equally open to staying in west London as he is to exploring options elsewhere. He is determined to make the grade with the Blues but equally, wants to play regularly following his first taste of Premier League action with the Saints. There is also interest from Napoli, among other English clubs. Brighton enquire for Porto forward Brighton have made initial enquiries for 22-year-old Porto forward Evanilson, who is also seemingly attracting interest from Manchester United according to reports in Portugal. The Brazil U-23 international has netted 17 times in 45 outings for The Dragons since arriving from Brazilian side Tombense in 2020 and is already considered to be one of Porto's most valuable assets. Graham Potter's side have a smooth relationship with the Portuguese giants after completing the signing of 18-year-old left-winger Benicio Baker-Boaitey following a successful loan spell with the club's U-23 side. Now the Seagulls have shown an early interest in well-rounded centre-forward Evanilson, whose Porto deal reportedly contains a release clause worth £86m. The approach has now been confirmed by Evanilson's agent Marcio Barros, who told Zero Zero: "To those responsible for managing Evanilson's career, no official proposal has arrived, only polls from England. There was an approach from Brighton. If a formal proposal arrives, we will analyse the best for the player." Brighton are also admirers of Porto's Nigerian left-back Zaidu Sanusi, who is one of the options they will consider as a replacement for Manchester City target Marc Cucurella if he completes a move to the Etihad Stadium. Yet Porto will feel under no pressure to sell any other first-team stars after agreeing deals with Arsenal and Paris Saint-Germain for Vieira and former Wolves loanee Vitinha. Swansea fear striker departure Swansea are fearful of losing one of their highly-rated strikers this summer as Premier League clubs continue to monitor Michael Obafemi and Joel Piroe. Obafemi hit 12 goals in 32 Championship outings last season following his £2m (including add-ons) switch from Southampton last summer, while strike partner Piroe outscored the Republic of Ireland international by netting 22 times. Swans boss Russell Martin has revealed the Dutchman's representatives are refusing to discuss a new contract for the 22-year-old, who is seemingly holding out for a Premier League move. There had been tentative interest from Leicester earlier this summer but the Foxes are yet to make their move for the former PSV youngster. Brighton have also been monitoring the development of Obafemi.