There are currently more than 850,000 people in the UK living with dementia. With that figure expected to rise to more than one million in the next three years, considering preventative measures has never been more important. An expert shared how wearing hearing aids can “significantly” lower the risk and help to slow down cognitive decline. Gordon Harrison, chief audiologist at Specsavers, said: “Hearing loss has similar symptoms to early signs of dementia, with people often struggling to communicate. “This is why hearing tests are really important in helping to determine what is really going on.” A number of studies, including by a team at the University College London, found there is a link between dementia and difficulty in hearing speech in a busy environment. They also showed that untreated hearing loss can cause cognitive decline which can lead to dementia.  READ MORE: Hair loss: Three ‘hair-care’ habits found to be ‘responsible’ for permanent hair loss And research by the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Ageing proved that people with moderate to severe hearing loss are up to five times more likely to develop the condition. For those who also have a visual impairment as well as hearing loss, a study by the University of Washington in the US indicates they are nearly twice as likely to develop dementia than those without. This is because the decline in senses could increase social isolation and place strain on the parts of the brain which are required for good cognitive function. Gordon stated: “Studies also suggest that those with hearing loss can lose more brain tissue than those without – particularly in the parts of the brain which are responsible for processing sound and speech.”   DON'T MISS  While hearing loss can often be a result of age, research shows the increased risk of dementia was not found in those using hearing aids. Furthermore, another study looking into those with hearing impairments found that hearing aids could actually help delay dementia onset by five years. “This is why regular hearing tests are so important in helping to reduce the risk,” Gordon added. “The earlier any problems are identified, the sooner protective measures like hearing aids can be introduced.”  According to the NHS, it's “not always easy” to tell if you're losing your hearing. But common signs include: “Sometimes someone else might notice problems with your hearing before you do,” the health service says.  While hearing loss can often be a result of age, research shows the increased risk of dementia was not found in those using hearing aids. Furthermore, another study looking into those with hearing impairments found that hearing aids could actually help delay dementia onset by five years. “This is why regular hearing tests are so important in helping to reduce the risk,” Gordon added. “The earlier any problems are identified, the sooner protective measures like hearing aids can be introduced.”  You are advised to see your GP if you think your hearing is getting gradually worse, or you've had treatment for an ear infection or earwax build-up but your hearing has not come back. Dementia symptoms may include problems with: 