Prince George, eight, was seen enjoying Trooping the Colour with his siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, and also with his cousins Savannah and Isla Phillips, and Mia Tindall. The children will undoubtedly be playing games during the milestone celebration. With the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in full swing, SudokuCraze has outlined the Royal Family’s favourite games to play in their spare time, from Charades to table tennis.  A spokesperson from SudokuCraze said: “Prince William revealed in January 2022 during a trip to the BAFTA headquarters that his children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis all ‘definitely like gaming, they’re fascinated by that’. “Prince William also shared that Prince George, in particular, is a big fan of video games, so much so that he and Kate are ‘trying to regulate the gaming’ and monitor the amount of screen time Prince George is allowed.” The spokesperson added: “This year we celebrate 70 years of The Queen’s reign, with this unprecedented achievement marked by street parties, television specials and extra Bank Holidays, allowing plenty of time for playing games with the whole family. READ MORE: Kate Middleton has 'most popular diet' - 'had to work for attributes' “Whilst it has been widely reported over the years that the Royal Family are incredibly competitive when it comes to games, these findings offer a fascinating insight into which games we can imagine they’ll be enjoying in between celebrations and official engagements.” What games do other members of the Royal Family enjoy? It has been widely reported that Queen Elizabeth is incredibly fond of ‘The Name Game’ in which players must write the names of famous people or characters on a post-it note to place on another player's forehead. The said player must then attempt to guess the name on the post-it note through a series of yes or no questions.   ‘The Name Game’ is said to be an incredibly popular game with the Royal Family when the whole family comes together during holidays. In 2008, a report by Wired also revealed that the Queen is fond of bowling on Wii Sports after Kate gifted the console to William one Christmas. According to the report, the Queen tried ten-pin bowling on Wii Sports and thoroughly enjoyed it. Despite the console no longer being produced by Nintendo, the latest model, the Nintendo Switch also offers plenty of sports-based games.  During an interview with Radio Marsden, Prince William revealed that there are two popular board games in the Cambridge household – Monopoly and Risk. He revealed that these games are staples at Christmas but they’re games that “usually everyone gets very cross about because they lose". Prince William also said he and Kate and their children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis let the two games go “on for hours”. Interestingly, the Queen has “banned” Monopoly in her presence with Prince Andrew stating in an interview that the arguments during the game “get too vicious”.  The Duchess of Cambridge has been known to be an avid fan of crossword puzzles. Not only has she been spotted taking crossword puzzles to nightclubs before, but during a recent engagement, Kate was delighted to solve a fan's crossword puzzle. Meghan Markle is apparently highly talented at Charades as a result of her acting skills. According to reports, ahead of Meghan’s first Christmas as a royal, Prince Harry had to advise Meghan to “tone down” her skills at Charades so as to not overshadow the Queen. 