Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attended one public event during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations before later releasing a photo of Lilibet enjoying her first birthday picnic at Frogmore Cottage which took place on Saturday. Royal biographer Angela Levin joined Colin Brazier on GB News to discuss the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s low profile during the celebrations. Angela remarked: “Harry and Meghan wanted to see the Queen as soon as possible so she saw them on the first day. “She went in and then they asked if they brought their own photographer and they asked if he could take a picture of the two Lilibets and she said, ‘No, absolutely not possible.’ “Because they would have sold it, they would have used it for Netflix it would give them a kudos that they had her with her great grandmother, you know, it would be very valuable, very valuable to them. “But actually the palace was so clever and cunning that they never had a chance to be photographed with any of the senior Royals.” Read more: William and Harry 'feud' over fears 'heart-to-heart' leaked to Netflix “I heard Netflix wanted these pictures of them with the royals,” the royal biographer continued. “But they were sitting on the right-hand side and the rest of them, Camilla, Charles, Catherine and William, on the other side.” Angela commented on Meghan and Harry’s swift exit from the UK back to California. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex flew home before the Jubilee Pageant began on Sunday. She commented the couple “probably just went off in a rage”. “I think they felt that everyone would drop everything,” she continued. “Even on this amazing day because they were there, they'd come back. “I thought they were like petulant teenagers really. If they didn't get what they wanted, they would leave and they left early.” Harry is currently suing the Home Office for not allowing him to pay for police protection for himself and his family while in the UK. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and William's relationship 'still frosty' after reunion [INSIGHT]Lorraine addresses Queen photograph 'ban' for first Lilibet meeting [VIDEO]Sharon Osbourne blasts Republicans asserting royals 'will' remain [INTERVIEW] However, the royal biography accused the royal couple of compromising their own security. “There he was in a car with black windows, so they were obliged with that so nobody could see who it was, and they opened the windows right down and started waving at the people,” she said. “That was an indication to me that they couldn't be out of the spotlight. “However, that is very dangerous, someone can throw a bomb in or a load of tomatoes in through the window." Angela also blasted the pair for encouraging the public to be climate-conscious while flying back to the US in a private jet. She concluded: “And actually, they also flew back on a jet that cost £160,000 but that's their business, but it put out ten times more carbon emissions than a normal plane would. “We've had them telling us all we mustn't fly, we must be careful…we mustn't let all this carbon emissions carry on - and there they are doing it themselves.” GB News begins with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays at 6am.