Lewis Hamilton’s back pains at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix have been rejected by thousands of Formula 1 fans who have claimed they do not feel sorry for the seven-time world champion. The Mercedes star was visibly shaken after the race in Baku and appeared to struggle to get out of his car. After the race, he claimed he spent the race biting into his teeth in pain and said he was “praying” for the race to end. However, the majority of the 5,000 Express Sport readers (55.3 per cent) revealed they had no sympathy for Hamilton’s pains. Just 44.7 per cent of readers admitted they felt sorry for the Briton. Ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix, Hamilton claimed he could feel his spinal discs and warned he was concerned the problems were leading to long-term damage to drivers' health. The multiple champion also admitted he had been taking painkillers due to the pains and said he had experienced “quite severe” bruising. He explained: “There’s a lot more bruising in the body after the race nowadays – it is taking more of the week to recover. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton told to ‘stay at home’ ahead of Canadian Grand Prix “I don’t think that’s to do with age, it’s because the bruising can be quite severe. When you experience up to 10Gs on a bump, which I had in the last race, that is a heavy, heavy load on the top part of your neck. I have had a lot more headaches in the past few months. I am taking painkillers. Hopefully, I don’t have any micro-concussions.” The FIA has taken action ahead of the race in Montreal after several drivers complained of issues in Baku. The new rules will determine a metric to measure oscillations in a bid to stop teams from pushing their cars lower to the ground to gain performance. The FIA also promised to collaborate with the teams to look at more medium-term solutions to the issue. Reacting to the changes in yesterday's drivers' press conference, Hamilton praised the FIA for taking action. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen teases Lewis Hamilton over Mercedes porpoising issues [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'taking painkillers' to deal with pain caused by F1 car [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton unhappy as F1 ace makes damning Mercedes comment [COMMENT] He said: “Ultimately, I think safety is the most important thing. And I don't think… I think there's at least one driver in every team has spoken on it and I don’t think it’s going to change a huge amount. But I think there is a lot of work to be done and it’s positive that the FIA are working towards improving it, because we have this car for the next few years. “So it's not about coping with the bouncing for the next four years, it’s about completely getting rid of it and fixing it so that the future drivers, all of us, don't have back problems moving forwards.”