Households are being encouraged to “start to plan” to beat the mental health issues which are often exacerbated by the cost of living crisis. Currently, inflation is at a 14-year high of nine percent and energy bills have skyrocketed by £693 annually which is putting pressure on families. On top of this, experts predict the inflation rate could hit ten percent in the coming months and the energy price cap is expected to reach £2,800 in October. Following the predictions, energy experts have shared several tips on cutting soaring energy bills - warning easy adjustments could save hundreds of pounds a year. Myles Robinson, from Boiler Central, commented: “If you want to reduce your annual energy bills, the first place to focus your attention is on your home heating. "Start with energy efficiency – reduce your consumption of energy and change your habits with a smart meter. “Next, consider switching to renewable energy and replacing your boiler. Appliances also consume power, but it requires much more energy to heat the entire house. This is why choosing an A-rated green boiler to reduce energy consumption is so important.” READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum Mr Robinson suggested installing a smart meter, as this could cut up to £75 a year. He said switching to LED bulbs could slash a huge 75 percent off a person's entire energy use. Draught-proofing, such as by installing thicker curtains, sealing any cracks and blocking unused chimneys, could be fruitful too - adding up to save £35 on energy consumption. Those able to invest in double-glazed windows could also save too - potentially reducing energy bills by up to £110 per year. Households are being encouraged to “start to plan” to beat the mental health issues which are often exacerbated by the cost of living crisis. Rising energy bills are contributing to a climate of stress and panic for many families, with thousands of Brits reporting poor mental health as the crisis worsens.  According to research carried out by HyperJar, a quarter of people in the UK said their biggest mental health strain comes from the breadwinner for their household. The personal finance start-up also found that 15 percent of carers are unsure if they will be able to look after their loved ones with inflation and energy bills on the rise. Furthermore, one in five people polled stated the responsibility of financial dependants means their own desires for how to spend money comes last. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, HyperJar’s CEO Mat Megens shared how money and mental health problems are a “horrible cycle” which many find it hard to break from. Mr Megens explained: “It’s a two-sided issue. Research shows that people with mental health problems are several times more likely to have problem debt than those who don’t. “That might be because they can’t work, find it difficult to manage and organise their money or struggle with impulsive spending. “And then having debt can lead to feeling anxious, out of control and depressed. It’s a horrible cycle.” The finance expert also discussed how the current cost of living is putting additional stress on those who are charged with paying the bills for each household. Notably, he highlighted the plight of women and unpaid carers who are more likely to bear the brunt of the energy bill and inflation hike. He added: “Our research shows that people who are financially responsible for others are really feeling the strain. “It’s one thing to be nervous about your own income, but when others are depending on you it can feel overwhelming. “Six in ten carers are women, and women earn less on average than men so they are likely to be amongst the most hard-hit, juggling multiple stresses connected to caring, lower wages and financial responsibilities.” Despite these concerns, the expert did acknowledge that starting an individual money saving plan is the best way for people to beat any future stresses that come their way. “Most of us won’t have a problem with debt, but we’ll still feel stressed about money. So control the controllables,” Mr Megens said. “If you’re struggling to confront your budget challenges, you can ask a trusted friend to help you get started. “Also, start by understanding what you’re spending in different categories, so you can see what you need to set aside in future and whether there’s a shortfall. “Look at pressure points in the months ahead – such as the energy price rise, or home insurance – and start to plan for those now.” The finance expert also cited the importance of debt advice charities, such as StepChange and Citizens Advice, which can help people relieve any concerns they have.