Emmerdale's Paul Lambert (played by Mathew Bose) originally arrived in the village in 2004 and was the son of Rodney Blackstock (played by Patrick Mower) and Val Lambert (Charlie Hardwick). Throughout his time on the ITV soap, Paul was the centre of some major storylines, and he even made TV history after getting married to Jonny Foster (Richard Grieve) in the programme's first gay wedding. Mathew originally left the soap after Paul tried to reconcile his relationship with Jonny. He made a brief return in 2010 when his stepsister Nicola (Nicola Wheeler) got married to Jimmy King (Nick Miles). The actor reprised his role once again in March 2015 after his mum Val passed away. However, shortly after he made the decision to leave again and moved to Portugal, which is where he remains. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes'  Since his role in Emmerdale, Mathew also featured in the award-winning Channel 4 series It’s a Sin. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor opened up about why he decided to take a break from acting to landing his new role in ITV drama Midsomer Murders. “This is the question... have I taken a step back from it [acting] or has it taken a step back from me? You never know as an actor in many ways,” the Paul Lambert star began. “I think the way a lot of people are viewed now is changing because we have a lot of demarcation. “You know, it's like, what's your sexuality, what's your ethnic background? And I've always sort of skated over all those things because nobody knows where I am from or how old I am, that used to be good and now I think it’s less good and people don’t know where to fit me. “ Mathew went on to explain that after leaving Emmerdale the last time, he spent his time looking after his partner’s children. “For a while, my partner had children, so I was sort of half looking after them and just deciding what I wanted to do and that was pretty much post-Emmerdale and all of that. “And then in the last four years or so I have a nice little agency in the north who lets me do exactly as I please.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tracy Barlow kills again in Ken Barlow twist [SPOILERS]Brenda Blethyn discusses character clash in ITV series [INSIGHT]Coronation Street fans predict Toyah's pregnancy as Adam exposes lies [REACTION] Despite taking a step back from his acting career, Mathew went on to discuss his new role in Midsomer Murders. He explained during the pandemic he spent a lot of time doing Zoom meetings and self-taping for roles. "I love all that because I can just do it at home in my own little world which I quite like," he admitted. "And that's how these [Midsomer Murders] all have come about really." "So my part in Midsomer Murders, I’m playing a great part. I was really, really thrilled to get it and I love it." Last month it was confirmed that John Nettles would be making a return to the ITV series for a special episode. John Nettles played DCI Tom Barnaby for 14 years before stepping away from the crime drama in 2011. However, fans will be delighted to learn that over a decade later, he and some of the show's past and current stars will come together to look back at the show's long and successful history in a one-off special titled Midsomer Murders - 25 Years of Mayhem. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.