Russian TV presenter Vladimir Solovyov appeared to revel in the escalating tensions between Russia and the West as the Vladimir Putin ally indulged in some dark humour over the likelihood of all-out nuclear war. While taking a swipe at NATO for delivering military aid to Ukraine, Solovyov predicted that Russia and the West were "descending into bloody pages of world history." Solovyov told Russia1: "If people weren't dying, this would be the funniest comedy. "It's all good, except for the fact that we're moving towards such an escalation. "We're descending into bloody pages of world history. "Those who say, 'There are no restrictions that violate the NATO-Russia Act, we will deliver whatever we want, wherever we want' "Try it, just try it." He continued: "I hope we'll live through this, if everything keeps progressing the way it is, only a couple of mutants in Lake Baikal will survive. "The rest will be destroyed in a massive nuclear strike. "Everything is moving in that direction, regardless of what either side wants. "Bang! And there's nothing left," added Solovyov. It comes as the war in Ukraine rumbles on with Russian Tu-95 strategic bombers launching missiles at Kyiv from the Caspian Sea early on Sunday. The attack targeted railway infrastructure, according to Serhiy Leshchenko, said an aide to President Volodymyr Zelensky's chief of staff. Russia's Defence Ministry said it had fired rockets at Kyiv from long distance and destroyed T-72 tanks and armoured vehicles that had been supplied to Ukraine by eastern European countries and were held in a railway carriage repair building. DON'T MISS:  Putin health: Warning to ‘be ready’ as ‘everyone senses end is near' [REVEAL] Why Turkey doesn't want Finland to join NATO - 'give us terrorists' [INSIGHT] Putin dealt humiliation by famed Russian ballet star   [SPOTLIGHT] Ukrainian air defences destroyed one cruise missile at around 6 a.m. local time after identifying incoming missiles, Ukraine's air force said. The missiles were the first to hit the capital since late April when a Radio Liberty producer was killed in a Russian missile strike that hit the building she lived in. "According to preliminary data, the (Russians) launched missiles from Tu-95 aircraft from the Caspian Sea," the Ukrainian air forces said in a statement. Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak called on the West to impose more sanctions on Russia to punish it for the strikes and to supply more weapons to Ukraine.