Sophie looked incredible today as she chatted with attendees at the Big Jubilee Lunch on The Long Walk in Windsor. The blonde royal looked elegant in a green tailored boucle jacket. The jacket has a wrap around belt and a V-neck neckline. The 57-year-old can be seen wearing a white top underneath the jacket. She paired the look with white trousers that appeared to be made from a linen material. The countess wore small, yellow gold hoops with the look and a gold necklace. Her blonde hair was tied back in a low ponytail as she greeted children. READ MORE: Harry faced 'painful 19 minutes' as 'reality of new life sinks in' She kept her make-up simple and natural. The mother-of-two never looked better, despite today’s celebrations being met with overcast skies. Sophie’s green jacket appeared to be recycled from last month where she was seen wearing it while touring the Channel Islands. In the Channel Islands, she teamed the jacket with a bold pair of checked trousers.  DON'T MISSQueen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan [INSIGHT]Levin claims Harry and Meghan 'absolutely furious' at Jubilee seating [UPDATE]George's poignant first outing marks nostalgic moment for William [ANALYSIS] The trousers were by Victoria Beckham and cost £345. Sophie’s ensemble today didn’t go unnoticed among royal fans. Twitter user Sue Calvert said: “Love seeing the outfits of the oh so pretty Sophie Wessex!” Kate tweeted: “Sophie Wessex always looks beautiful.”  The Big Jubilee Lunch is a part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Millions of people attended the lunch picnics as the long weekend of festivities to honour Queen Elizabeth II's historic Platinum Jubilee concludes. The Big Lunch is attempting to break a world record for the world’s longest table. There will reportedly be 488 tables at the Long Walk beside the castle.  As well as the Big Jubilee Lunch, a lunch took place at the Oval Cricket Ground in London. Prince Charles was spotted there with his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. Meanwhile, Prince William, his wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and their children were spotted at The Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Kate looked stunning in a magenta Alexander McQueen dress.