An explosion was reported in the Russian town of Klintsy, around 50 kilometres from the Ukrainian border in the Bryansk Oblast. Residents claim to have seen a helicopter attacking a military base in the town at around 8am local time. A Telegram channel used by the town’s inhabitants, Podslushano Klintsy, described how the helicopter reportedly fired twice on a military unit before leaving the area. A post on the channel said: "A shell hit part of a military base and part of an apartment complex." Alexander Bogomaz, the governor of the Bryansk region, took to his own Telegram channel to say that four people were injured in the incident. He wrote: “Today, the territory of the village of Zaimishche, Klintsy city district, was shelled. “Several houses were damaged. According to preliminary information, four people were injured. “They are provided with comprehensive medical care. “Emergency services are on site.” This follows reports of a separate explosion in Klintsy on June 11, after a Russian news outlet accused Ukrainian “saboteurs” of operating in the Bryansk area. READ MORE: Moscow in FLAMES: 'Suspicious' explosion as factory burns On Wednesday morning, Russia’s defence ministry said that in the last 24 hours, Russian forces destroyed a facility housing ammunition sent to Ukraine by NATO countries. This includes 155-mm M777 howitzers, which have been provided by a number of Western countries, such as the UK and the US. The defence ministry also claimed to have eliminated weapons sent by the US and Europe at railway stations in Ukraine, and killed at least 300 Ukrainian fighters. The governor of the Kursk region in Russia also claimed on Wednesday that a Russian checkpoint was fired upon from inside Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 3k Brits fight against Putin- 250 Russians killed in day [LIVE] UK to send MORE weapons to Ukraine as EU's support exposed [REPORT] Brexit POLL: Would YOU vote in a Brexit referendum on REJOINING EU? [VOTE] Roman Starovoyt posted on his Telegram channel that the Krupets checkpoint in Russia’s Rylsky district came under fire on Wednesday morning. He said there were no casualties, and that fire was returned by border guards. The claims have not been independently verified. Starovoyt has previously said the village of Tyotkino in the Kursk Oblast was attacked, killing one person. He said last month that houses and factories in the area had been damaged. On Wednesday morning, Russia told Ukrainian forces trapped in a chemical plant in the eastern Ukrainian city of Severodonetsk to surrender. Kyiv has said that at least 500 civilians are stuck in the Azot factory in the Ukrainian city, which has seen some of the most intense fighting as Russia concentrates on taking control of the Donbas. Colonel-General Mikhail Mizintsev ordered fighters to "stop their senseless resistance and lay down arms”, with a deadline of 8am Moscow time, or 5am GMT.