A Libra Moon always seems slightly more peaceful than other zodiac transits. Libras are represented by the weighing scales, which reflect their need to create equilibrium in all areas. Although this is a good aspect in many ways, it’s important to consider your own feelings too during these transits, instead of focusing too intently on keeping everyone else happy. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for June 9. Today will be the last day of the Libra Moon transit before entering brooding Scorpio tomorrow evening. Emerald Astrology said: “We are encouraged to accept what is out of balance and find a middle ground. “Since we are already thinking along the lines of how to bring beauty into our lives, finding balance would be relatively easy to manifest. Merging with opposing views might be particularly challenging, especially if you’re set in your ways,  READ MORE: When is the next full moon? Exact time and date of June's Full Moon  Emerald Astrology said: “It takes time to find the facts and understand the root of the matter before deciding what is appropriate for a situation. “We are especially more inclined to not make a decision during this phase of the Moon- which is perfectly normal and necessary.” However, this Moon might impact sensitivity levels, especially in the morning, and restoring balance might become more of a core focus, according to Cafe Astrology. It said: “We seek harmony, but our attempts to achieve it can seem to create conflict this morning.”  With the Moon-Mars opposition, it might stir some impatience and combativeness. Mars is a fiery planet that represents action, as well as vitality and a keener survival instinct. This planet positioning can influence impulsivity and thoughtless actions, so it’s important to make a conscious effort to be mindful of this today. Cafe Astrology said: “We can be quick to react. This transit stirs our need for action, activity, and challenges, which can feel at odds with our emotional orientation.”  DON'T MISSApollo 11 photos of Armstrong and Aldrin fetch thousands at auction [PICTURES]Now that is a promise! Boris Johnson vows to slash bills [INSIGHT]Houseplants: ‘Great tip’ to get plants to ‘thrive’ indoors [EXPLAINED]    The Moon’s later trine with the Gemini Sun will help more with cooperativeness, though, and you might feel more connected to others, as well as with your own plans and ideas. Astrology King said: “Sun trine Moon transit creates a more balanced emotional and home life, flowing and easy. “The feeling of peace and general well-being helps most areas of life run smoothly. This is the best of all transits to have in any horoscope.” Use this time to return to the drawing board with any new ideas and goals. Devising plans might come more easily to you during this transit, so try to make the most of it. 