Amanda Holden, 51, never disappoints with her Britain's Got Talent attire and the final was no different. The radio presenter took to the judging stand in a bright yellow gown, with viewers comparing her to a Disney princess. Amanda took to Instagram to share three pictures of her astounding outfit in view of her 1.8 million followers. The judge looked mesmerising in the yellow corseted gown with a plunging strapless neckline. Her petite frame was on full display as the gown and trail began after Amanda's waist. Amanda styled her blonde tresses in loose waves and went for a glossy makeup look, making sure not to take attention away from the bright number. READ MORE: Lara Lewington sparks concern with 'stitched up' face snap She accessorised the outfit with only gold earrings, and her usual wedding rings. Amanda captioned the Instagram post: "@bgt THE FINAL." Many social media users rushed to the comments to compliment the television personality, with some even comparing her to a princess. Lifelessfire1 said: "Omg you look like a princess, you're my golden buzzer any day!" Peterbarnes1691 added: "You're amazing and absolutely stunning." Vick_sandu_no1 commented: "Cinderella!" The BGT final saw Maxwell Thorpe, Jamie Leahey, Ben Nickless, Flintz & T4ylor, Tom Ball, Eva Abley, Loren Allred, 5 Star Boys, Axel Blake, Aneeshwar Kunchala and Amber and The Dancing Collies go head-to-head. Taking the victory, however, was comedian Axel, Simon Cowell's own golden buzzer from earlier in the show. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker makes jibe at Rod Stewart's 'baffling' Jubilee performance [COMMENT] Piers Morgan's fresh jibe to Gary Lineker at Platinum Jubilee [OPINION] Martin Lewis' wife posts update from Jubilee pageant after accident [UPDATE] Amanda has received Ofcom complaints for her chosen BGT attire in the past. Her outfit back in 2017, which left her ample assets on full display sparked 663 complaints. However, this didn't faze the radio show host who hit back at the comments about her attire. She said: "Of course, I have fun on Britain’s Got Talent - it’s the perfect opportunity to take risks. "Times have changed and I don’t feel anyone should feel pressure to dress for your age. "It’s all about body positivity and feeling good," she told MailOnline. One of her most risque outfits of the series was her pink latex number. In the first episode of Britain’s Got Talent 22, Amanda wore a pink, tight-fitting latex midi dress, with puff shoulders and a square neckline.