Coronation Street wouldn't be the same without some of its long founding members, including mechanic Kevin Webster, played by Michael Le Vell. From the horrific tram crash and his affair with Molly Dobbs (played by Vicky Binns), to his son Jack (Kyran Bowes) having his leg amputated, Kevin has very much been through the mill in the ITV soap opera. Now, he is part of yet another major storyline which is playing out this week. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Coronation Street. Actor Michael Le Vell joined the cast of Coronation Street in 1983, just a few days shy of his 19th birthday. He was born on December 15, 1964, which means that the Kevin Webster star is now 57-years-old. When he first arrived on the cobbles all of those years ago, Kevin moved in with Hilda Ogden (Jean Alexander) and it wasn't too long before he got a job at Brian Tilsley's garage. His dad Bill (Peter Armitage) and sister Debbie (Sue Devaney) soon followed but left the street when Bill remarried and moved to Southampton with his daughter in tow. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show While it is hard to imagine anyone else playing the rough around the edges mechanic, Le Vell wasn't originally even going to audition for the part. Speaking to Manchester Evening News, he explained: "I wasn't actually up for Kevin Webster. "I was in the corridor waiting to audition for a programme called Scully and then Judi [Hayfield, former casting director] walked past and went, 'Am I seeing you tomorrow for Kevin Webster' and I said, 'No', and she said, 'leave it with me.'" He was initially meant to star in just 12 episodes but received a call back from Coronation Street and Le Vell hasn't left since. Le Vell is actually the fifth longest-serving character in the beloved ITV drama. Audrey Roberts actress Sue Nicholls has been working full-time in the soap for 37 years, joining the cast after her onscreen daughter Gail Platt who has been starring for a whopping 48 years. The longest-serving actress on the cobbles is none other than Barbara Knox as Rita Tanner, with a whopping 50 years under her belt. But, of course, Ken Barlow star Bill Roache wins this prize as he appeared in the very first episode of Coronation Street 62 years ago. DON'T MISS...‘I wasn't a big fan’ Outlander's Caitriona Balfe speaks on key change [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street fans 'work out' Toyah's killer plan as Imran exits [EXIT]Sally Carman husband: Is Corrie's Abi Franklin star married? [CAST] In terms of Le Vell's personal life, he was previously married to actress Janette Beverley for 25 years. The couple, who have two children together, went their separate ways in 2011. Le Vell is now engaged to a Louise Gibbons who he has been dating since 2014. The Corrie star popped the question to Louise, who is reportedly the sister of his local bookies, back in 2017. Le Vell is one of the main stars of Coronation Street this week as his wife Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) has plans to run off with baby Alfie. Imran (Charlie de Melo) - Alfie's father - and Toyah Habeeb (Georgia Taylor) were granted custody of the newborn, much to Abi's dismay. But having purchased herself and Alfie fake passports, is she really going to kidnap her own child? Coronation Street continues on Friday, June 3, at 7.30pm on ITV.