Cameron Diaz has shared how she hasn’t worked out in eight months, due to a serious injury sustained to her Achilles tendon. Now, the Hollywood star, 49, opened up about how she is in the process of getting back into exercise following her injury.  The Charlie's Angels actress told how she found the break to be a humbling change from her usual high-intensity workouts.  She also explained the process of recovering from her injury.  The star wrote about the experience in her celebrity friend, Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop newsletter.  Cameron wrote: "I'm still healing from an injured Achilles, so I've been away from working out for eight months. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman, 54, looks almost unrecognisable in make-up free photo "I used to be really strong and really active, and I was made to sort of be still for a while." She added her advice is applicable to anyone recovering from any time of injury. The Shrek actress said she has typically been used to leaning in to intense workouts but has recently had to go the other way. She said: “And for anyone who's been trying to come back from something like that — it doesn't have to be an injury. “It can happen after giving birth or any process in life that stops you in your tracks — going easy on yourself is the way through it," she continued. "Being so strong most of my life, I was used to going hard and leaning into my strength, and I've had to do the opposite." Cameron, who is mum to daughter Raddix, two, with husband Benji Madden, said she had to take many mental steps before taking an actual step. She said: “I did a lot of lying on my floor, being with my body to understand what it needed. DONT MISS: Catherine Zeta-Jones causes a stir over being 'serenaded' by Bono (PHOTOS)Richard Osman breaks silence on replacing Anne Robinson on Countdown (NEWS)Amber Heard 'cleaned up' after Johnny Depp ‘lost control of his bowels (LATEST) The actress added she didn’t force anything in terms of improvement. She explained instead that she focused on embracing the injury. The star detailed how it was a slow process of “building strength” back up. She ended by reassuring worried fans that she feels much stronger now. Cameron, who turns 50 in August, said she thinks the recovery process will make a huge difference on her life in the next decade. "I'm looking forward to all the aspects of growth to come in my 50s," she said. "I'm working on building my muscle mass so I'll have it as my hormones change."