Manchester United are still looking to sign Frenkie de Jong this summer. But, with Barcelona wanting Erik ten Hag’s side to break the bank for the Netherlands international, it’s feasible a move won’t happen. And with the club having alternatives on their wishlist, there remains a genuine possibility they could walk away from a deal for the 25-year-old. Manchester United want to sign De Jong. That’s become clear, in particular, over the last month with Richard Arnold revealing the club’s interest during talks with supporters at a local pub over the weekend. In Ten Hag’s eyes, the 25-year-old is perfect for his Old Trafford rebuilding job. The duo previously worked together at Ajax, helping the Dutch side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League back in 2019. But United still haven’t agreed a fee. And when it comes to that, there’s still no progress to report. Barcelona need the money from any De Jong sale. With the club looking to balance their finances, it’s important they get as much cash as possible for the 25-year-old. Man Utd transfers: Erik ten Hag already has his own Darwin Nunez At present, the La Liga giants want a huge £73million up front. United, for their part, have seen an offer of £51m plus £8.5m in add-ons rejected. So, with that being the case, it remains feasible United will choose to walk away. They have done in the past, after all. As one of the wealthiest clubs on the planet, the Red Devils are used to being quoted extortionate fees for players. There’s been talk of a ‘United tax’ in recent years. And while they’ve sometimes paid over the odds, they’ve also abandoned pursuits when it doesn’t suit them. In 2013, United thought Barcelona’s demands for Cesc Fabregas were unreasonable. A year later, and the Spain international left the Nou Camp for Chelsea - where he’d go on to win two Premier League titles.] DON’T MISS Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten Hag Three players want to join Man Utd this summer Why Eriksen might be a Man Utd smokescreen In the summer transfer window of 2020, it was an open secret the Red Devils wanted to land Jadon Sancho from Borussia Dortmund. But with Dortmund wanting over £100m for the winger, United decided to go for Edinson Cavani instead. Sancho would arrive 12 months later, for the discounted price of £73m instead. And, already this summer, the Red Devils have opted against entering a bidding war with Liverpool for Darwin Nunez. United did admire Nunez but felt Benfica’s demands, of close to £85m, were too steep - instead thinking the Uruguay international was worth closer to £60m instead. Ten Hag feels De Jong can be a huge asset at Old Trafford, a ‘statement signing’ that can bring back the glory days. Or take a step towards them, at least. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But United are currently unwilling to do the deal for the price Barcelona want. It’s understood the club do have alternatives on their wishlist at present, though some names are being kept under wraps. Kalvin Phillips, Declan Rice and Ruben Neves have all been linked after impressing for Leeds, West Ham and Wolves respectively. And with Barcelona eager to get as much money as possible, United don’t want to be seen as being their financial saviours. Whether they’re able to finally get a deal for De Jong over the line remains to be seen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They’re still on the prowl for the time being but, as the summer goes on, a decision will need to be made. But they’re certainly trying, with Arnold confirming as such when he spoke to supporters over the weekend. “As a club we’re doing everything possible to get the deal done.” he said, in a video that was then published on social media. “I’ve been up for days trying to get it done. The money is there but there’s things standing in our way which I can’t say.” And he also said: “It's that the manager wants him, that they've actually done the work on looking if he's a great player.”