Trent Alexander-Arnold has joined in with the excited Liverpool fans who are welcoming Darwin Nunez to the club. Nunez has been officially unveiled as the Reds’ first summer signing after Liverpool agreed to pay Benfica a fee which is set to reach a club-record £85million.    The 22-year-old striker has signed a “long-term” contract with Liverpool, understood to be six years, and will wear the No27 shirt next season. He arrives on the back of 48 goals across 85 appearances in all competitions for Benfica and will eclipse Virgil van Dijk, who cost £75m from Southampton, as the club’s record signing once performance-related add-ons are met. Liverpool beat a number of competitors to Nunez’s signature and his arrival can be seen as a reply to Manchester City, who landed Erling Haaland in a £51million transfer from Borussia Dortmund. The transfer comes just four days into the summer transfer window and is hugely exciting for Liverpool fans, including right-back Trent Alexander-Arnold, who has posted a message to Nunez on Twitter. “Welcome to Liverpool! @Darwinn99 How may I assist you?” Alexander-Arnold wrote alongside a picture of the Uruguay international in his new club’s kit. Alexander-Arnold picked up 12 assists in the Premier League last season to place him second in the league, behind only team-mate Mohamed Salah, who got 13.  JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp reveals what he 'loves' about Darwin Nunez Nunez’s arrival is likely to offset the pending departure of Sadio Mane, who is keen to move to Bayern Munich a year before his contract expires. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp was similarly ecstatic at the club’s transfer business, but warned it will take Nunez time to settle. “Darwin is a wonderful player; already really good but [has] so much potential to get even better,” Klopp told the club website. “That’s why it’s so exciting, to be honest. His age, his desire, his hunger to be even better than he currently is. His belief in our project and what we are looking to do as a club. DON'T MISS First image of Darwin Nunez at Liverpool 'leaked' ahead of transfer Liverpool's third summer transfer 'close' as Reds to unveil two stars Liverpool new boy Darwin Nunez received Luis Suarez messages years ago  “He is as excited by us as we are by him, which makes for a great relationship, when you appreciate each other’s strengths. That is certainly the case here. He thinks we suit him and we believe he is the right fit for us – so let’s do it. “He has all the pieces we look for. He can set a tempo, he brings energy, he can threaten space from central and wide areas. He is aggressive and dynamic with his movement. “He plays without fear, he’s powerful. I know he will excite our supporters. It’s important we all recognise we are getting a ‘work in progress’ with Darwin. He recognises that himself, for sure. I love how much focus and humility he has.” 