As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills are set to skyrocket again in a couple of months, any extra cash could be vital for families on low incomes. If a household qualified for the £150 council tax rebate, they might be entitled to extra cash from their local authority if they’re struggling or claim certain benefits. Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced all households in bands A to D would receive a Council Tax rebate of £150 back in February. This help was said to affect 80 percent of British householders. However those living in a council tax property with a band E, F, G and H (or I as well, in Wales) are not eligible for the payment. However, households that are struggling to afford their bills are being urged to apply for support through a £144million discretionary fund. Many people who are unable to claim assistance from the £150 discount may be able to get £40 in support from elsewhere. READ MORE: 'Doesn't feel real' Dad breaks down as boss gives him £40,000 to avoid getting evicted  The exact eligibility criteria for the discretionary funding is being set by each council, meaning the support varies from place to place. People will need to get in contact with their local authority, or check their website, to see if they qualify for support. For example Camden Council in London has opened up its discretionary scheme to those living in bands A to D who "have received one payment but are still struggling". Households who receive Council Tax Support or “with no recourse to public funds” will be prioritised, the council said. But some households in tax bands E to H will be able to receive a £40 boost if they miss out on this rebate. Dover District Council in Kent says it is awarding an additional £35 to all households in bands A to D who receive Council Tax Support. North Tyneside Council will pay residents an extra £20 if they live in a band A to D property and claim Council Tax Support, while Newcastle City Council residents will get an extra £18. Some of the benefits that qualify for the extra cash includes Universal Credit and Jobseekers’ Allowance. Not all councils have finalised details of how they’ll distribute the discretionary fund, so people should check the website of their local authority to see what help they're offering. With inflation at nine percent and energy bills forecast to hit £2,800, many taxpayers will be looking to apply for the rebate. Households do not need to apply for the reduction on their council tax bill as it will automatically be given to eligible households. Furthermore, those who claim the support will not need to pay the £150 back to their local council.