Lady Gabriella Kingston, 41, was one of the extended members of the Royal Family to attend Royal Ascot today. The royal looked chic in a massive white top hat. She paired this with a blue patterned dress from Beulah London as she attended the fourth day of Royal Ascot this afternoon.  The daughter of Princess Michael of Kent paired her statement headpiece with a pale pink clutch bag. She then wore matching pale pink pointed-toe heels. Gabriella accessorised with a simple silver bracelet on her wrist. The royal opted for low-key make-up for the day amidst the blistering heat. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'bulletproof' smile drops with Kate & Will - pictures Today is the fourth day of the Berkshire horse racing event. Attendees have pulled out all the stops with a colourful array of dresses, over-the-top headgear and shimmering jewellery. Lady Gabriella, who attended with her financier husband Thomas Kingston, did not disappoint in her £495 dazzling blue patterned button-down dress, which gathered at the sleeves. Mr Kingston was also dressed to impress in a grey top hat, pink tie and fitted tailcoat.  The pink tie perfectly matched Gabriella’s clutch bag and stiletto heel shoes. Lady Gabriella cut a chic figure as she stepped out to the famous racing event today in a pretty midi dress by Beulah London. This has been a real favourite brand with the royals, especially over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Everyone from Kate Middleton to Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie have been spotted in the ethical label before.  Gabriella’s dress featured a sophisticated frill high-neck and subtle daisy print. It is the perfect dress to wear for a wedding with heels or wedges or dress it down with white trainer pumps. The Beulah London ‘Darsha’ shift dress costs just £495. Royal fan @PatriciaTreble was not totally impressed by the outfit, tweeting: “The dress is a bit relaxed and informal for that hat.  “I wonder if the heat forced a last-minute outfit change? “Practicality always wins in my opinion.” Gabriella joined other royals today at Ascot such as Kate Middleton and Prince William. The Queen’s eldest grandchild Peter Phillips also attended with his new girlfriend Lindsay Wallace. 