Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly ‘confident’ Frenkie de Jong will arrive by the time the club’s pre-season tour is due to commence. The Red Devils are due to face Liverpool on Tuesday July 12, before then facing Melbourne Victory, Crystal Palace, Aston Villa and Atletico Madrid. And it appears the Red Devils are hopeful of adding to their squad by the time that all kicks off. It’s become common knowledge in recent weeks that United want to sign De Jong, who previously sparkled under Ten Hag at Ajax. The duo worked well together over in Amsterdam, helping the Dutch side reach the semi-finals of the Champions League three years ago. And while the saga has become somewhat prolonged, even though the summer transfer window only opened last week, The Mirror say Ten Hag is ‘confident’ of signing De Jong. What’s more, the club believe he can be part of their team for their upcoming pre-season tour of Thailand, Australia and Norway this summer. It will be their first pre-season tour for three years after the coronavirus pandemic caused travel problems. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer While United want to land De Jong, however, they’re reluctant to bow to Barcelona’s financial demands. The Catalan titans are looking for a big fee in order to balance the books, with Joan Laporta eager to bring in Robert Lewandowski now the transfer window is open. A source is quoted as saying: "As much as De Jong is a player the club and Ten Hag admire, they're not prepared to be Barcelona's financial bail-out.” De Jong, it’s stated, was initially reluctant to join United. That was due to their failure to secure Champions League football, with the Red Devils finishing sixth in the Premier League table last time out. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links That means they’ll be playing in the Europa League instead. But De Jong knows Barcelona are eager to jettison him and has now apparently ‘got his head round’ leaving the Nou Camp. United are confident they’ll agree personal terms with the 25-year-old, who is set to pocket £250,000-a-week. And it appears the Red Devils are growing increasingly confident that De Jong will be their player in the coming weeks ahead. He isn’t the only target the club have in mind, either. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United would like to sign Jurrien Timber, though Ajax are determined to avoid as many of their players leaving for Old Trafford as possible. Likewise with Antony, who has emerged as a viable option after Darwin Nunez was allowed to leave Benfica for Liverpool. United have also been linked with N’Golo Kante, who has just 12 months left on his contract at Chelsea. But there are concerns over the France international’s injury record, with the 2018 World Cup winner struggling for fitness in recent seasons. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former Tottenham star Rafael van der Vaart was asked about De Jong potentially leaving Barcelona for United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he urged his compatriot to leave the Nou Camp behind, saying: "I will explain to you why Frenkie is so good at the national team, because he's the only midfielder with these type of qualities here and he does what he wants. “At Barca there is Pedri, Gavi, Busquets and so on. All of a sudden he starts adjusting again. "At Manchester United it will be just like at the national team, being the only one with his type of qualities. “I would move to Manchester United if I was him, just do it!"