McDonald’s is today offering fans money off all the products on its menu. Customers will also be able to participate in special events and celebrations happening across the country to mark the occasion. To celebrate the fifth birthday of McDonald’s McDelivery service, the fast-food chain is offering 30 percent off all purchases. This offer is available today, June 16, only. All customers need to do is purchase their McDonald’s order through the McDonald’s app and ask it to be delivered to them via the McDelivery service. After downloading the app, foodies can find the offer underneath the ‘Offers’ section of the app. READ MORE: Prince Charles gets 'kiss on the lips from Zara' - 'strong bonds' This means customers can get their hands on their favourite menu items at a low price, with all the convenience of delivery. As part of wider celebrations in the UK, McDonald’s will be hosting events in four major cities across the country. These will be happening in London, Liverpool, Brighton, and Cardiff. In London, celebrations will take place in the Bernie Spain Garden on the South Bank from 4pm until 8pm.  In Liverpool, free entertainment will be offered to the public in Chavasse Park, Thomas Steers Way, from 4pm until 8pm. As for Brighton, the event will be happening near the British Airways i360 observatory tower on Lower Kings Road, again from 4pm until 8pm. In Cardiff, celebrations will take place on Cardiff High Street’s pedestrianised area near Queen Street Station, from 4pm until 8pm. Each location will have live music and lawn games, as well as an exclusive zone for fans to enjoy their McDelivery with McDonald’s themed picnic blankets to take home. Those living in London will be able to get their hands on a free Tiramisu McFlurry on the South Bank. This new McFlurry consists of soft dairy ice cream swirled with chocolate flavoured biscuit pieces, and a luxurious coffee-and-chocolate flavoured sauce. It will be handed out for free from McDonald’s Ice Cream Van to mark five years since McDelivery was introduced by the fast-food chain. But, McDonald’s is warning customers to be quick as the McFlurries, as well as the picnic blankets, will only be available until stocks last. As for those wanting 30 percent off their McDonald’s order, the McDonald’s app can be downloaded on the app store. Fans can order anything they want between 00:01 and 23:59 on June 16 – but the discount is a one-time use offer. The McDonald’s app gives customers the opportunity to get money off specific menu items every week. It also offers 20 percent off an user’s first purchase once they have downloaded it to their phone. Don’t miss out on these amazing offers, download the McDonald’s UK app HERE.