The gender-neutral facilities were spotted in the build-up to this year’s Grand Slam tournament which begins on Monday, June 27. The toilets were built during the pandemic as part of a Logistics Hub at Wimbledon. A spokesperson for the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club (AELTC) told MailOnline: “A toilet at Gate 1D which has a gender-neutral sign was part of a build back in 2020.” READ MORE: Wimbledon 'tradition' row kicks off as gender-neutral toilets installed at SW19 The Daily Mail reported one fan saying: “Wimbledon is about tradition, it doesn’t have to follow every fad.” Others have shared their thoughts on social media, with @AllieRenison tweeting: “Imagine being triggered by a few random gender-neutral toilets at Wimbledon. Bore off, inverted snowflakeism.” Others include @ByrneBarry, who tweeted: “Gender-neutral toilets to have a Wimbledon debut. Game, set and match to the woke.” While @9ee tweeted: “When will councils and companies etc realise that the vast majority don’t want gender-neutral toilets?” Single-sex toilets are still available around the grounds at Wimbledon this year. NHS hospitals have reportedly spent more than £800,000 on gender-neutral toilets in the past four years. However, a YouGov poll in January this year found that the majority of Britons prefer having single-sex toilets. Government guidance issued in January last year said: “There needs to be proper provision of gender-specific toilets for both men and women, with a clear steer in building standards guidance.” It also cited concerns about the removal of male- and female-only spaces. Wimbledon was also criticised earlier this year for removing the Miss and Mrs titles on the honours board. In 2019, umpires also stopped using such gender terms in match announcements. And last year his and hers coloured towels were also dropped. The world-famous tennis tournament begins on Monday, June 27 with the grounds expected to welcome full-capacity crowds for the first time since 2019. So what do YOU think? Do you agree with gender-neutral toilets at Wimbledon this year? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.