The Hollywood icon died on June 22, 1969, in London. Despite the image of a tragic drunk and drug-addled wreck, the coroner found no evidence of alcoholism and his verdict of "accidental death" stated she had died of quinal barbitone poisoning due to the "incautious self-overdosage" of ten sleeping tablets. He said: "This is quite clearly an accidental circumstance to a person who was accustomed to taking barbiturates over a very long time." Garland's London doctor, who prescribed the medication, reported that she had recently told him, "I didn’t know I could be this happy," following her fifth marriage to artist manager Micky Deans. But nothing could ever break the brutally destructive patterns that had been forced on the actress in her youth and led, ultimately, to her death. Deans also confirmed the problem wasn't alcohol: "My wife drank very little, as opposed to what people think. She left a lot of drink around the house – about six glasses – but she sipped more than she drank. She was not a drinker in the true sense." It was the drugs and the barbaric conditions the young Garland had experienced in Hollywood that destroyed her – and that she had vowed to expose. During a long hospital confinement in December 1959, the star lay "close to death" and doctors warned her she may never walk or sing again. Instead, she battled to prove them wrong – and also spent hours recording tell-all tapes for an explosive autobiography. Garland was paid $20,000 upfront for the book by Random House. Her husband at the time, Sid Luft, immediately spent and gambled it away. Garland said of her life: "When you have lived the life I’ve lived, when you’ve loved and suffered, and been madly happy and desperately sad – well, that’s when you realise you’ll never be able to set it all down. Maybe you’d rather die first... "I’ve heard how ‘difficult’ it is to be with Judy Garland. Do you know how ‘difficult’ it is to be Judy Garland? “I’m not something you wind up and put on the stage. There’s a woman. There are three children. There’s me! There’s a lot of life going here. "I wanted to believe and I tried my damnedest to believe in the rainbow that I tried to get over and I couldn’t. SO WHAT!” And then described her horrific youth in Hollywood. It all looked so glamorous, but from the age of fifteen, Garland worked up to 18-hour days, six days a week for over a decade. She was hired as Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz at 16, already veteran of the Vaudeville circuit with her family since she was a toddler. She said: "I’d like to expose a lot of people who deserve it. "They’d give us pep pills. Then they’d take us to the studio hospital and knock us cold with sleeping pills… after four hours, they’d wake us up and give us pep pills again. "That’s the way we worked, and that’s the way we got thin. That’s the way we got mixed up. And that’s the way we lost contact." DON'T MISSBing Crosby was devastated to find Grace Kelly naked with another starErrol Flynn's rage when a major male Hollywood star rejected him'Appalling' Rex Harrison 'bullied' Audrey Hepburn and Julie Andrews As a child star at MGM, Garland worked and took school classes alongside Elizabeth Taylor, Lana Turner, Deanna Durbin and Mickey Rooney. She said: "Mickey and I were prisoners. We were overworked and underfed. They used to starve me whenever they thought I was putting on too much weight. "I used to work myself up into depressions, I thought no one really cared about me." Tragically, when the star did find people who cared about her, she could not break the cycles and addictions. Deans found her on the floor of her bathroom and confirmed she had taken sleeping pills. He told the inquest: "She said it went back to when she was a child at MGM and she took them to get some sleep."