David and Victoria Beckham are among the most iconic British couples of their lifetimes, known globally for their success on the pitch and in the fashion and pop music worlds. During the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the power couple hosted a special lunch event on Saturday where they wined and dined alongside honoured MBE recipients. The pair, who have both met the Queen, opened up about their experiences and shared some words of wisdom with their guests. Sitting down to celebrate with the Beckhams were Becca Dean, David King, Judith Harper, Saeed Atcha, and Jewel Miah. Reminiscing about the first time he met the Queen in 2002, he let slip that it didn't go according to plan. Not quite sure how to greet Her Majesty, she asked: "How's Victoria, how's the kids?" Sharing the story with the MBE recipients, he admitted: "I couldn't even answer, it was an incredible moment." Read More: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert Co-founder of The Girls' Network, Becca Dean MBE, who is pregnant, also asked Victoria for advice when meeting the monarch. Victoria, who met the Queen in 2017, offered her advice when it came to sitting down to eat with royalty. Continuing to talk to Becca, who was honoured for her work with disadvantaged communities, she added: "A good tip would be to certainly ask for a seat near the bathroom if you're about to have a baby because you never know what might happen." "You might need more than a toilet if the waters break," David chimed in. He also offered some surprising fashion advice for when Becca receives her honour. David joked: "Don't wear too high heels as that couple of steps back is challenging. Not that obviously I wore heels receiving mine." Among the group was Judith, who was made an MBE for services to fostering, having fostered more than 100 children and Saeed Atcha, who was made an MBE for services to young people and the community in 2019. At the time he was 22-years-old and was the youngest recipient on the 2019 Honours list. The football legend was bestowed with his OBE in 2003. DON’T MISS…Sharon Osbourne brands Johnny Depp’s defamation trial ‘ugly’ after attending his concert [LATEST]Coronation Street’s Ken Barlow star addresses retirements plans ‘It’s how you feel’ [LATEST]‘Wounds are very raw’ Meghan and Harry ‘unlikely’ to return to UK in near future [LATEST] On the day of the pageant, David shared an image of the dinner guests on his Instagram with 73.9 million followers. He captioned: "Victoria and I loved spending time with these incredible people who have all been honoured by The Queen for their contribution to their communities. "It was great to hear their inspiring stories. Our special lunch will air as part of The Platinum Pageant on BBC One & @bbciplayer in the UK today @VictoriaBeckham #PlatinumJubilee." Victoria also paid tribute to the long-running monarch on her Instagram. As well as a "spicy Jubilee weekend" post, she shared a carousel of images where she had mimicked stylish images of the Queen. Her post read: "70 years of being an inspiration to so many! Including me, clearly! Congratulations to Her Majesty The Queen on The Platinum Jubilee, what an achievement." The four day Platinum Pageant is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.