The husband of Zara Tindall admitted the meal with his wife’s cousins and their partners in London after the Trooping the Colour on Thursday was one of his ‘highlights’ of the Platinum Jubilee. The ex-rugby star, 43, revealed that ‘the cousins’ who watched the event from the Major General’s Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade went for a lunch.  His wife Zara Tindall was not invited to watch the event on Buckingham Palace balcony alongside the Queen, Prince Charles, Camilla, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and others as she does not hold a senior royal title. But despite watching the event alongside the Tindalls, it is believed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex went straight back to Frogmore Cottage. It is not known whether they were invited to the lunch amid ongoing rumours about a rift with Harry’s family. When speaking of the Jubilee, Mike Tindall said: “It was outstanding, to be fair. It was just great to be a part of."  He added: “We had a good cousins’ lunch on the Thursday. That was a highlight.” The venue of the secret lunch has not yet been revealed, although one in March attended by the Tindalls, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie alongside their husbands Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank was held at the exclusive Scott’s restaurant in Mayfair. Tindall revealed the secret lunch in his first appearance on The Good, The Bad and the Rugby podcast. He also revealed there were celebratory drinks at the Palace after the Platinum Jubilee celebrations to mark the Queen’s 70 years on the throne.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan expected royals to 'drop everything for them' Speaking on the podcast about the younger royals, including Prince Louis and his two daughters Mia and Lena, he said: “It's tough for them. They're all young. It's a long time. “But as any parents knows you just do whatever needs to be done. “Louis, he was just wanting to have fun. And my two are always mischievous so it's trying to keep a lid on. “There were a lot of sweets out back though, so there was a real sugar high”.  DON'T MISS:Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [COMMENT]Tragedy as 12-year-old schoolgirl dies after being hit by van [PICTURES]Brexit fury: Britons living in EU slam 's*** show" after leaving b... [INSIGHT] Louis was one of the stars at the Jubilee, becoming a viral sensation online following his many facial expressions. The four-year-old was seen blowing raspberries, shushing his mother and covering his ears as the noise of the RAF flypast proved too much for the Prince. He was also seen putting his hand over mother Kate Middleton’s mouth who could not stop smiling at his antics. Mike went on to praise the Queen for her “perfect” skit with Paddington, telling listeners: “I’ve always said she is very funny.” 