Johnny Herbert and Damon Hill have disagreed on whether both Ferrari drivers failing to finish at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix was a failure for the team. Herbert insisted that the race in Baku was a “total disaster” but Hill pointed out that there is still a long way to go in the championship. Charles Leclerc was down the front straight before a mechanical failure saw smoke pour out the back of his car. It is the Monegasque driver's second retirement in three races as the team's reliability issues continue. His team-mate Carlos Sainz lasted just nine laps before he reported a problem with the car, telling his team radio that something had failed. “For the championship, it’s a total disaster for them,” Herbert told Sky Sports F1. “It is something you don’t probably expect to see in Formula One, the modern era that we have got and that is where we saw the error they had, the mechanical issue in Barcelona, now we have had another engine failure so it is going to be a really tough time for them to get everything back on track. “They have got to do it quick. We thought that it had to be done here, but it hasn’t obviously.” But Hill said: “He [Leclerc] must be immensely frustrated but the championship is still wide open. Okay, it is a terrible day for them as a result, but I don’t think it is a disaster. It's too early to start talking about that. Red Bull had their problems as well.” Max Verstappen went on to win in Baku, with Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez second as the team claimed maximum points. George Russell joined them on the podium in third, and Lewis Hamilton finished fourth. “The trend has gone against Ferrari,” Hill added. “The trend has gone towards Red Bull and not it’s going towards Max as well. Sergio’s surge was a bit halted there, he was a bit mystified by his loss of pace in the race, he was quite a long way behind his team-mate actually by the end but Red Bull looking good. “Ferrari are the losers in the last few months of the championship and they have got a lot of thinking to do, a lot of working out to do and if it’s not related [Ferrari’s issues] it’s a lot of problems, if it is related it’s only one problem and you can fix it. “I was thinking about the amount of bouncing up and down, whether there are also factors to do with simply the rough ride the installation is getting but if you think about Mercedes they have quite good reliability but they are probably bouncing more than anyone, so maybe it is not that.”