The future king has been named patron of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, one of the oldest surgical establishments in the world. The title was previously held by Prince Philip who was highly praised by the College for the part he played as Patron. The Queen’s late husband passed away in April last year and held the patronage for over six decades after being honoured with it in 1954. Michael Griffin, the President of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, said Prince Charles being the new patron is a “privilege”. He added that it was an honour to welcome the Prince as the new patron and commended Prince Philip on his work with the College. Mr Griffin referred to Charles as the Duke of Rothesay, as he is known in Scotland. He said: “It is a privilege to welcome HRH The Duke of Rothesay as Patron of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh. “The Duke of Edinburgh played a very significant part in the College’s history during His Royal Highness’ 66 years as Patron, which we recognised in 2015 by constructing the Prince Philip Building. “The Duke’s engagement with the Fellows and officers at the opening of the building was extraordinary, and throughout his patronage His Royal Highness took great interest in the surgical profession and its advancement of patient care.” He concluded: “We very much look forward to working with The Duke of Rothesay.” READ MORE: Cummings blasts Brown over 'worst Brexit argument' This week marks ‘Royal Week’ also known as Holyrood Week which is an annual summer event in Edinburgh where members of the Royal Family visit. The purpose of the week is to celebrate Scottish culture, community, and achievements. The Queen arrived in Edinburgh on Monday despite concerns that her mobility issues would prevent her from going. Her Majesty was accompanied by her son Prince Edward and his wife the Countess of Wessex for the traditional opening ceremony to start the week. DON'T MISS: Freddie Mercury's 'terrible' battle with fellow music legend (INSIGHT) Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive (REVEAL)Safest country in the world for Britons - full list (INSIGHT) The ceremony is known as the Ceremony of the Keys which takes place outside the Palace of Holyroodhouse. In this ceremony the keys to the city are offered to the Queen by the Lord Provost to which she then returns them implying they are in the safe hands of Edinburgh’s elected officials. It is believed that the Queen will stay at the Palace, which is her official residence in Edinburgh until Friday.