Leeds United have already confirmed the signings of two players this summer, with Rasmus Kristensen joining Brenden Aaronson at Elland Road as director of football Victor Orta has not been shy to open the chequebook. The Whites were criticised for not bringing in enough depth options under Marcelo Bielsa as his Leeds team looked depleted at times through injuries and suspension, but they appear to be backing Jesse Marsch this summer. With two transfers already done and dusted, Express Sport analyses four players who could make the move to Elland Road next. After already spending £35million, Leeds could next add Sporting Lisbon forward Gonzalo Plata to their ranks. The 21-year-old spent last season on loan at Real Valladolid in La Liga 2, scoring six goals and providing five assists as they achieved promotion at the first time of asking. Despite returning to the Spanish top division, they appear unlikely to pay the asking price of £8.5million, leaving the door open for Leeds. Plata has been capped 27 times by Ecuador, and can play as a winger or behind the striker. With Aaronson already joining the ranks in the creative midfield rolls, coupled with Jack Harrison and Dan James, Orta and Leeds could well be preparing for life after Raphinha, who has been linked with a move to Barcelona. After already sealing the transfers of two players from Red Bull Salzburg, Marsch’s former club, Leeds could return for a third in Junior Adamu. The Nigerian is attracting interest from a number of Premier League teams after his seven goals and five assists in 30 Austrian Bundesliga games last season. At 21, he may need time to adapt to the league after only completing his first full season at Salzburg last year, and could provide good competition for Patrick Bamford as the England striker continues his recovery from injury, or he may be a strike partner if Marsch opts to use his 4-2-2-2 formation next season. Argentinian forward Valentin Castellanos has been tipped by Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola as “ready to make the next step to Europe” after the MLS star scored 19 goals in 32 appearances as New York City won their first MLS cup. He picked up the golden boot and in 2022 and has scored seven goals in 11 MLS games, and four goals in six CONCACAF Champions League appearances. The 23-year-old would cost a reported £12million and like Adamu, could provide another option up front for Leeds. The latest name to be linked with Leeds is Bayern Munich midfielder Marc Roca. The Athletic have claimed that holding midfielder Roca is being targeted by Marsch’s side and that the German giants would be willing to sell the Spaniard for a fee in the region of £10million. Roca came through at Espanyol where he received many plaudits and was capped seven times by Spain Under-21s, but failed to make an impact since his move to Germany. Despite lacking in the physical element of the game, he was known for his time in Spain to be a strong passer and thrived in a holding midfield role in Espanyol’s 4-3-3 shape. He could be a replacement for Kalvin Phillips, who has been linked with a move to Manchester City, or free up the England international and allow him to play higher up the pitch.