Royal biographer Angela Levin said she believes the Duke and Duchess of Sussex expected a "very warm welcome" as they returned to Britain for the bank holiday weekend. But she added that members of the Royal Family were "rushed off their feet" during the four days of events. Writing for the Sun, Ms Levin said: "I think Harry and Meghan expected a very warm welcome and that everyone would drop everything for them. "In reality, the royals were rushed off their feet during the four-day Platinum Jubilee." The royal author made the comments as she discussed Harry and Prince William's ongoing rift. She said future king William has an "increasingly full diary" and his younger brother "could have come over to see his brother when things were quiet enough for a serious conversation". Ms Levin also insisted the service of thanksgiving, which saw the Sussexes make their first public appearance with the Windsors in two years, "wasn’t the time for back slaps or winks". She said: "Harry wears his heart on his sleeve, so it was obvious he was shocked to be put on the right, while Camilla and Charles were on the left. "He is sixth in line to the throne and expected to be with them. "Instead he was with the people who aren’t working royals and, as a result, had a furious look on his face." READ MORE: Prince Harry and William's relationship 'still frosty' after reunion Harry and Meghan stepped out with around 50 members of the Royal Family for the service at St Paul's Cathedral last Friday. But their second-row seats were a telling sign of their change in royal status. Far across the aisle from Prince Charles, Camilla, William and Kate, Harry and Meghan were behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester as working royals filled the front-row chairs. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his older brother, who are embroiled in an ongoing rift, nor with his father who he has a troubled relationship with. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle says 'goodbye to royal rules' with controversial look [ANALYSIS]Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: William and Harry's children kept apart in Jubilee [LIVE BLOG] The Sussexes did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. The move appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and of the way things used to be. Harry and Meghan's attendance at the service came as they were absent from many of the Jubilee festivities over the weekend. The couple, who brought their children Archie and Lilibet, reportedly headed back to the US before the Pageant on Sunday.