The Duke of Sussex will lose his "chief ally" within the Firm when Her Majesty dies, royal author Andrew Morton has claimed. The expert believes the reported rift between Prince Harry, Prince Charles and Prince William may eventually lead to the sidelining of the sixth-in-line to the throne if it isn't healed. The author of the newly-released biography The Queen told Express.co.uk: "Harry's chief ally inside the Royal Family is the woman that Diana used to call 'Chief Lady', the Queen. "When she goes, he will have brought out his book, which will contain a fairly strong attack on his father. "He is not speaking to his brother, who will be the next Prince of Wales, so he will be vanishing in the shadows, he will be on the sidelines - which may be the way he wants it." Mr Morton referred to the memoir the Duke of Sussex announced last summer. The book, expected to be released later this year, was described in a statement as the "definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him". Both the publisher, Penguin Random House, and the Sussexes have remained tight-lipped over the content of the book, only sharing it will cover Harry's "lifetime in the public eye from childhood to the present day". Nevertheless, a few commentators share Mr Morton's belief Prince Charles may be criticised in the book, after the Duke of Sussex told Oprah Winfrey in his joint interview with Meghan Markle last year he felt "really let down" by his father and that "a lot of hurt" had happened. Yet, he also stressed he would continue to "make it one of my priorities to try and heal that relationship". READ MORE: Princess Beatrice likely lost weight with one main food type The once close bond between Prince William and Prince Harry is also believed to have been strained, in particular following the Sussexes' decision to step back as full-time working royals. Speaking to Ms Winfrey, Harry said to love his brother "to bits" but acknowledged they were "on different paths", much as he did while speaking with journalist Tom Bradby in September 2019. Over the past months, there have been reports of the ice being thawed between Prince Charles and Harry. However, while speaking to US broadcaster Hoda Kotb in April, the Duke did not respond when asked whether he misses his brother and father. The three princes came together earlier this month, after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled across the pond with their children to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. Harry and Meghan took part in two royal events over the course of the four-day celebrations. On June 2, they watched the Trooping the Colour parade from the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade alongside senior and non-working members of the Firm. Prince Charles and Prince William, however, were not with them as they were taking the salute horseback as part of the yearly ceremony. On the following day, Meghan and Harry attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral alongside most members of the Firm. However, due to the royal pecking order, they sat in second row, metres away from Charles, William and their spouses. Throughout the weekend of celebrations, the Sussexes were never publicly seen interacting with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Charles or the Duchess of Cornwall. While the Duke and Duchess of Sussex criticised the institution during their interview with Ms Winfrey and Prince Harry didn't hide the relationship with some of his close relatives had been strained, the two royals have continuously made clear they remained very close to the Queen even after their relocation to the US. Speaking to Ms Winfrey in early 2021, the Duke said: "My grandmother and I have a really good relationship and an understanding. And I have a deep respect for her. "She’s my Colonel-In-Chief, right? She always will be." While chatting with Ms Kotb from The Hague, Harry opened up on the visit he and Meghan had paid to the Queen while travelling to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games. He said: "Being with her, it was great. It was just so nice to see her. You know, she's on great form. "She has always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and has got the right people around her."