Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning hacks. Now with more than four million followers, the cleaning sensation shares more of her day-to-day life. Her fans share their own tips on dedicated cleaning forums, including how to remove suncream stains. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Paula Bailey wrote: “I have been applying suncream on my son and his tops have gone yellow around the neck and arms. “I have put them on a hot wash and it hasn’t brought it out. Have I ruined them or is there anything I can do to salvage them?” It is important to wear suncream every day, applying it 30 minutes before venturing outside to allow the sunscreen to bind to your skin. In particularly hot weather, the suncream can melt and cause clothing stains. READ MORE: ‘Healthier’ to avoid watering lawns in ‘prolonged’ periods of heat They are caused by the ingredient avobenzone that is present in many lotions. When it combines with water or perspiration, it can cause rusty brown or yellow stains. Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share top tips on removing the stains. Michelle Dyke wrote: “I use neat washing up liquid to lift the suntan lotion. DON'T MISS:Brighton locals call for second home ban [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap and quick’ way to clean kitchen tiles [EXPLAINER]‘Great’ methods to ensure plants ‘survive’ while on holiday [INSIGHT] “Then rinse off and wash as normal.” Stacey Martin wrote: “Soak in washing up liquid…soaking it will hopefully break down the stain, cheap and effective.” Margaret Sherriff said: “Washing up liquid!” Alice Benjamin commented: “I use washing up liquid for a lot of cleaning jobs around my home and it can remove stains too. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to clean ‘smelly’ washing machines in ‘four easy steps’ “My holy grail product.” Applying washing up liquid to the stain can help to remove the oil from the clothing item. It is then recommended to use cold water to help lift the stain. Using hot water can help the stain to soak into the clothing fibres even further. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommend using Elbow Grease. Wendy Barnes said: “Try Elbow Grease, it’s great on most stains.” Alison Riddell wrote: “Spray on Elbow Grease, it’s brilliant for removing stains.” The cleaning spray claims to be formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. It is ideal for removing grease spots from fabrics and porous materials. The brand behind the spray said: “The ultimate power degreasing properties of this cleaner make it the only cleaner you will ever need, the uses are endless. “Elbow Grease cleans pots, pans, kitchen tops, ovens, microwaves, showers, sinks, BBQs, and much, much more.”