Friday's The Chase was a special edition raising money for Soccer Aid and saw famous faces taking on Darragh "The Menace" Ennice. Former football star David James was the third to try his hand at the important cash-builder round and managed to secure a colossal £11,000. Host Bradley Walsh gasped as he explained David had made history for celebrity contestants. After sailing through the questions quickly and correctly, Bradley asked James how much he thought he had made. He replied he'd probably won around £9,000 but Bradley informed him he had actually managed to collect £11,000, the best of any celebrity contestant on the ITV game show ever. Chaser Darragh was even impressed and admitted he had scored less than him. "And they made me a Chaser," he pointed out to a surprised David. READ MORE: Sharon Osbourne rushes to US as Ozzy needs 'major' operation David had only 16 seconds left by the time he had made £8,000, but he continued his winning streak Bradley asked: "In the film The Wizard of Oz, Dorothy lives on a farm in what US State?" The sportsman correctly answered: "Kansas," before he was asked: "The decimal halfpenny coin was withdrawn from circulation in what decade?" "80s," David replied, seeming unsure. He was, however, correct again.  David's teammates clapped as time ran out for him, cheering over his success. "How many do you reckon?" Bradley asked. He guessed at £9,000 and was delighted to learn he had won more. "11! That's two more than I got and they made me a Chaser," Darragh commented as he took his seat. "You scored the highest ever in a celebrity cash-builder, ever," Bradley remarked. Viewers at home were equally impressed with the former England goalkeeper's performance, with Marc Brine saying on Twitter: “Some performance from David James on #thechase!" DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Jack sabotages Abi's custody chances [THEORY]Prince Charles patted on arm by Judi Love as she broke royal protocol [VIDEO]Sue Barker’s Wimbledon exit sparks fury from fans 'What a loss' [REACTION] And @Gooner_70ns echoed: “#TheChase. Wow. Take a bow David James. Highest ever cash builder £11k,” followed by applause emojis. Lois Prior added to the conversation online: “David James what a result!  #TheChase." While Steve Lowe remarked: “Yes, David! That's the way to do it - £11,000! #TheChase." And David Fisher commented: “Absolutely Brilliant. Nice bloke too. Well done DJ. Go large.  #TheChase.” @Penteana commented: "Watching #DavidJames doing brilliantly on the special #Socceraid edition of #TheChase (highest score in cash builder round for a celebrity contestant ever) and remembering the start of his career at @WatfordFC." When it came to the Final Chase, Darragh had a big challenge on his hands. He was tasked with beating the players' score of 24 - which was extended to 25 when the Chaser got an early question wrong - and faced a few pushbacks after answering incorrectly. The celebrities managed to win with the Chaser behind by five points by the time the round ended. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.