Chelsea are holding conversations over four players as Thomas Tuchel looks to add two centre-backs to his squad ahead of the 2022-23 season. While Todd Boehly presses forward on bolstering his attack, he is laying the groundwork for defensive reinforcements this summer. Chelsea are closing in on deals for Manchester City's Raheem Sterling and Leeds United's Raphinha as Tuchel plots a new-look attack next term. However, he is desperate to address his defence after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen's summer exits as free agents. According to Fabrizio Romano, Napoli colossus Kalidou Koulibaly is the latest name to emerge from the Blues' centre-back shortlist. It also features Juventus' Matthijs de Ligt, Sevilla's Jules Kounde - a long-standing target - and Man City's Nathan Ake, who could potentially be included in a package with Sterling. Inter Milan star Milan Skriniar, heavily courted by Paris Saint-Germain this summer, is also on Tuchel's radar, Di Marzio reports. However, De Ligt and Skriniar's valuations have prompted Chelsea to turn their attention towards Koulibaly, who is out of contract in 2023. And there was contact with the 31-year-old's agent in London earlier this week to assess his situation. JUST IN: Klopp has perfect Liverpool player to unlock Nunez's true ability New Chelsea owner Boehly is understood to be ready to back Tuchel with as many as six new signings in his first transfer window since buying the club from Roman Abramovich. And it seems like at least four will be in the form of two centre-backs and two forwards. The Blues' summer budget isn't known, but Boehly will be keen to make an early splash while working closely with Tuchel on recruitment. He has taken up the negotiation mantle in the early stages of the transfer window after Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech's departures. READ MORE: Man Utd's Antony pursuit rests on Tottenham's shoulders Koulibaly could prove to be of excellent value, given he is now north of 30 and entering the final 12 months of his contract. But with club captain Cesar Azpilicueta turning 33 and Thiago Silva 38 later this year, it would be a surprise if at least one of Tuchel's centre-back additions wasn't younger. Kounde was also a primary target last summer, but Sevilla's asking price thwarted Chelsea's attempts to lure him to west London. If Barcelona exit the race for his signature due to their financial troubles, the Blues could have a clear run at the 23-year-old Frenchman. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here