Liverpool are set to lose Sadio Mane this summer and Mohamed Salah could soon follow him out of the door at Anfield. Arsenal must therefore be wary of losing two of their own star players, as Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli are both likely to be of interest to the Reds. Liverpool are widely reported to have been keen on Saka for a number of years. He had another impressive season at the Emirates, not having a hangover from last summer's Euro 2020 disappointment which some of his England team-mates did. Saka's contract at Arsenal expires in 2024 and he has already made it clear his dream is to play in the Champions League. Arsenal is in his heart but contract talks must start ramping up. His preferred position is on the right of a front three, cutting inside onto his stronger foot, a la Salah. The Egyptian says he will be at Liverpool next season but with his contract coming to an end in 2023, Jurgen Klopp will have to start looking for replacements.  There is a strong argument that Mane, who is wanted by Bayern Munich, has already seen his replacement brought to the club. Luis Diaz joined from Porto in January, six months ahead of when Liverpool were expected to make their move. However, Martinelli is a player who Klopp has admired for a long time. The Brazilian faded away in terms of goals and assists in the second half of last season. But with the right coaching, the 21-year-old undoubtedly has a huge amount of potential. He could even be converted into playing a more central striker role, just as Diogo Jota has. DON'T MISSTottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer deal [TRANSFERS]Liverpool star James Milner 'rejected three clubs' before agreeing new contract [GOSSIP]Leeds chief Victor Orta may soon have four new signings with talks underway [TRANSFERS]  Klopp has not hidden his thoughts on Martinelli. In 2019, he described the then teenager as a "talent of the century". Klopp said: "He’s an incredible striker, so it’s really difficult. It was not in this game only. "I watch a lot of football, so I saw the Europa League games of Arsenal. Our scouting department is all over the world and stuff like this, but I think Edu gets all the credit for that signing – he came from… wherever. He’s really unbelievable."  In March this year, Martinelli gave Trent Alexander-Arnold a tough evening at the Emirates. And Klopp was again full of praise for the Gunners star. He said: "The boy Martinelli is such a talented boy, really tricky and if anybody says Trent can't defend they can come to me and I will knock them down because I cannot hear that anymore, I don't know what the boy has to do!" Arsenal are unlikely to sell Saka or Martinelli this summer unless a mammoth offer was made for either player. But in a year's time, if the Champions League continues to elude Mikel Arteta's side, Liverpool may come calling for one, or both, of their star players.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here