Afghanistan veteran Collin Reeves, 35, knifed Jennifer and Stephen Chapple six times each with a ceremonial dagger after a feud over parking spaces. Mr Justice Garnham told the former Royal Engineer lance corporal the murders had “torn the heart out of two perfectly normal, decent families”. Mrs Chapple’s mother Ann Clayton, in a victim impact statement, said: “For a mother to lose a child is something that causes never-ending pain, knowing there will forever be a darkness inside you, a light switched off that can never be replaced.” She described her daughter as “an exuberant, caring, beautiful light in the world” and said her grief was like being in a “horror movie on an infinite loop”. In passing a life sentence on Reeves at Bristol Crown Court, Mr Justice Garnham said: “You left Mr and Mrs Chapple on the floor bleeding to death and all of the time their two children were asleep upstairs. “Your murderous behaviour left them orphans. They were put to bed that night by their parents and they would never see them again. “The harm you did those two innocent children is incalculable.” The judge also said Reeves had inflicted enormous damage on his two daughters, who will now grow up without their father. After the killer was sentenced, his mother Lynn tried to read her own statement to court, claiming he had been let down by psychiatrists. The judge stopped her after she said there should never have been a trial and Reeves’ guilty pleas to manslaughter should have been accepted due to combat-related mental illness. But two psychiatrists concluded he was not suffering from psychosis or acute post-traumatic stress disorder and diagnosed him with only mild to moderate depression. Reeves was found guilty last week of two counts of murder. The lorry driver, who had been having marital problems, stabbed the Chapples last November in the living room of their home in Norton Fitzwarren, Somerset. The attack lasted less than a minute and Mrs Chapple, 33, did not even have time to get up off the sofa. Teacher Mr Chapple, 36, was found lying close to the back door. Following the murders Reeves returned home, dialled 999 and confessed to the killings. On the night of the murders, he was seen on a security camera climbing the fence separating his garden from his victims’ and entering through their back door. A few seconds later, Mrs Chapple can be heard screaming in terror with Reeves shouting “die you *******, die”. Shortly before the attack, Reeves’ wife Kayley had asked him for trial separation, the court heard. The dagger that Reeves used had been given to him as a present on him leaving the Army.