First Kill made its big debut earlier this month and has won itself a loyal fanbase, who are hoping there will be more to come. The Netflix fantasy drama sees Juliette (played by Sarah Catherine Hook) and Calliope (Imani Lewis) fall for one another, despite being a legacy vampire and monster hunter respectively. What made the situation more tense were their families who were expecting them to prove themselves with their first kill. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from First Kill. Jules and Cal were attracted to each other from the very beginning, but little did they initially know that their lives revolved around the supernatural. They were also tasked by the parents to find their first kill and believed the other would be their victim. However, Jules and Cal's feelings were too strong, so they instead embarked on a romantic relationship. Jules did find her first kill unexpectedly in the season one finale of the Netflix series. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans  Monster hunter Clayton Cook (Joseph Reitman) first tried to kidnap Cal, but Jules came to her rescue and they both managed to overcome and attack him. Thinking he was dead, the couple walked away but later on, Clayton went to attack Ben (Jonas Dylan Allen). Thankfully, Jules was there once again to stop him but this time, she made his demise a little more permanent. She pinned Clayton to the ground and bit into Clayton's neck, drinking his blood in front of her friends and Cal.     While Clayton was murdered by the legacy vampire, actor Joseph Reitman told Express.co.uk this may not necessarily be the end of his character. "Well, first of all, I'm going to say once there's a witch on the show and there's a witch, you never know what's going to happen", Reitman said. "I mean, once there's a witch, anybody could be raised from the dead so you never know! "I wouldn't come back in the best shape but it's possible." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [THEORY]First Kill's Clayton Cook star talks 'weird' reality of vampire drama [EXPLAINER]Where was First Kill on Netflix filmed? [LOCATION]  If Clayton does somehow come back to life, he is bound to want payback from the person responsible for his death - Jules. Clayton is a monster hunter as well so his hatred for any supernatural creatures existed long before he met the young vampire. But if he does return from the dead, how is Jules going to react and will she be so lucky in protecting herself the second time around? Of course, Clayton would only be able to come back if the series continues.  So far, there has been no confirmation that there is going to be a second season. Netflix hasn't made any announcements regarding First Kill's future just yet. But given how well the first season has gone down, it does seem likely there will be more to come. First Kill is available to watch on Netflix. 