Thousands of EV enthusiasts will be flocking to West Sussex over the next few days in hope of spotting some of the most exciting electrically-powered cars. One of those is the new Lucid Air GTP, which made its debut at Goodwood on Thursday. The vehicle took on the famous hill climb. The Lucid is manufactured in San Francisco and has been branded as the most powerful EV in North America. Ben Collins, the driver of the Lucid and the original Top Gear Stig, introduced the car at the top of the famous hill. He said: "This is a Lucid Air GTP. It’s a new model. READ MORE: Red Arrows stun in incredible fly over at Goodwood Festival of Speed “Lucid is game-changing in the EV space. “They’re new architecture and there is a record-breaking range on these things. “It’s a really potent mix up the hill here, it’s fantastic to demonstrate that. “The range on this one is 446 miles but some of their models are over 500 miles. DON'T MISS BMW fans to get first glimpse of new M3 Touring at Goodwood today [REVEAL] How to watch Goodwood Festival of Speed 2022 [ADVICE] McLaren's 'lighter' race car Artura GT4 to make debut at Goodwood [INSIGHT] “And they are real miles as opposed to if you’ve driven a bit of EV sometimes the range isn’t quite what it feels like it is. "You’ve done a mile but it seems like you’ve eaten three. “So I’ve noticed with these things they really are true to the figures you want and expect. “But the big thing about this is the high voltage. It runs at 900. Most EVs are running around 400. “This means that it can recharge much quicker. “The other effect is that you get much more torque in a mid to high range if you can call it that. “So above 60mph it keeps pulling, which is great on the hill. “We’re running just under 100mph in the rain.” The model is powered by dual electric motors producing a total output of 1035bhp for a 0-62mph sprint of just 2.6sec. It is also equipped with a glass canopy windscreen-roof, a 34-inch cockpit display with 5k resolution, heated front seats, LED headlights and more than 30 driver assistance features. The car has 21-inch wheels with bespoke Pirelli tyres, but the Performance model gains an exclusive alloy design. Five exterior colours are available: Stellar White, Cosmos Silver, Zenith Red, Infinite Black and Quantum Grey. The model can charge at speeds of up to 350kW, which, Lucid claims, can add up to 300 miles in 21 minutes. The car will be launched in Europe later this year.