With many Britons looking to move home this year, it is more important than ever for homeowners to make sure they know how to make a good first impression on potential buyers. While some plants, paints, and home decor pieces may improve your house’s chances on the market, experts have revealed that strategic task lighting is one of the best ways to add value to a property – and the trick is surprisingly easy. According to designers Niki Wright and Scarlett Hampton of Lights&Lamps, the “positioning of lighting” is always important, but especially when selling a home. They said: “There is always a darker, north-facing side to every home, and the use of lighting is an easy solution. “Sellers shouldn’t be afraid of turning on a light during the day, even in spring and summer.” The designers emphasised that a home’s saleability is through atmospheric lighting ideas – such as “task lighting”. READ MORE: The ‘key’ front door paint colours to ‘maximise’ your house value This is the process of using specifically-placed lights in areas of your room that benefit most from additional light. This is rather than opting for one large – or a collection of small lights – in the centre of a room. The experts continued: “Illuminating a dull corner with a table or floor lamp or washing a dark wall with a well-placed wall light can make a huge difference to the energy and feel of a room.” So does the secret to selling come down to your lighting? DON'T MISS: Stop ants damaging plants using 70p method - ‘fatal to them’ [EXPERT]Toilet cleaning: How to remove yellow toilet seat stains [TIPS]Cleaning: I tested the ‘miracle cleaning paste’ to clean my burnt pan [INSIGHT] Tate Kelly, a Licensed Associate Real Estate Broker with Compass agreed with the interior pros on lighting as it adds a “better first impression”. He said: “I agree that when showing a home, you always want to turn the lights on before a showing. “The brighter, the better for a first impression.” Tate explained that he is often told by designers that “overall lighting can create the impression of more space, [while] accent lighting can add drama” to a home. “Lighting can also set the mood, which for first impressions, is very important,” he added. While the experts suggest that strategically placed lighting can help sell your home faster, it is also important to know which bulb is best for the job. Those looking to upgrade their hallway, bedroom, or living room lighting ideas to showcase their home to buyers – the best bulb remains the same. Niki and Scarlett explained: “Generally speaking, cool white or even daylight bulbs are only really good for high task or workspace areas with no natural light. “Layering warmer light is a more natural way to brighten your living space and help transition the day into evening.” Cindy Chen, a Licensed Associate Real Estate Broker with Compass in NYC, agrees. She said: “Many researchers have shown that brighter light can intensify people’s emotions and that blue and white light makes people more energetic in general. “Overall, good lighting will create an environment that gives buyers a more positive first impression of the space.” This lighting trick will add impact to a home instantly, and it’s worth experimenting with, whether homeowners are selling or not.