A television licence is needed to watch live TV or record programmes to watch later on any channel, including live streaming on services such as Amazon Prime. Britons also need a TV Licence to watch or download BBC programmes on the BBC iPlayer. Britons who are blind or severely sight impaired, regardless of their age, can receive 50 percent on the cost of a TV Licence. This concession will cover anyone living in the same household. A blind concession TV Licence costs £79.50 for a colour TV Licence and £26.75 for a black and white licence. People who are partially sighted or sight impaired do not qualify for this concession. READ MORE: Carers could get an extra £169 monthly from DWP outside of Carer's Allowance   Around two million people are suffering from some form of blindness or sight loss, according to NHS statistics. Some 360,000 people in this wider group are legally classified as blind or partially sighted by the Government. However, in order to claim the 50 percent discount, applicants will need to prove to the TV Licensing body that they qualify and are blind. Britons will need one of these documents, to confirm that they’re certified as blind (severely sight impaired): People won’t need to provide this information again when they renew your TV Licence. Those of pension age may be able to claim a free licence if they meet certain qualifying criteria. Households are eligible for this “freebie” benefit if one of the occupiers is over 75 and in receipt of Pension Credit. Alternatively, if someone’s partner who lives in the same address is 75 or over and claiming Pension Credit, the whole household is eligible. Anyone who is 74 or over and receiving the DWP benefit can sign in to their TV Licensing account apply for a free licence. People who believe they are eligible for a free licence but do not currently have one, can call 0300 790 6117. When calling this number, applicants can speak to one of TV Licensing’s advisors to request an application form. As it stands, application phone lines are open between 8.30am and 6.30pm, from Monday to Friday. Britons can also get a special licence for £7.50 if they live in an eligible residential care home. They must be either: Their housing manager can apply for them. More information can be found on the Government website.