Chris Packham and Michaela Strachan returned to BBC Two on Tuesday for the final week of this year’s Spingwatch. The presenters were enjoying footage of a young stoat family when Chris cheekily warned his co-host to “stop it” as she professed her love for the “cute” animal while the naturalist warned the creatures were deadly carnivores. Chris began: “Our long lens cameraman Mark Yates has been out and about on the farm keeping his eyes peeled for anything of interest and he found this, certainly of interest, a family of stoats down on the old railway line now. “We're not entirely sure how many they are. Female stoats can give birth to somewhere between six and 12 young and they were so dipping in and out of the vegetation we couldn't count. “Here you can see they're very definitely stoats they've got that black tip to the tail which separates them from weasels.” Despite their cute exterior, Chris warned the creatures can be deadly. Read more: 'Lay off the gin Michaela!' Chris Packham savages Springwatch co-star “This family bounding about,” he continued before turning to his co-host. “No, no, no. I know you're probably thinking about using the C-word you're gonna say cute. “I’m going to say, stop it, carnivore, because although they might be cute at the moment when they are weaned for about 12 weeks, solid food and hunting for themselves these little [creatures] will be ripping the hearts from rodents and rabbits. “They are ferocious predators but they're generally quite shy and difficult to see.” “It’s also a treat to see a turtle dove alongside them there,” Chris continued. “Testament to the conservation work going on here.” “Of course, the turtle dove doesn't mind the stoats,” the naturalist said before pointing out another bird was “much more concerned”. “It's undoubtedly got a nest in the brambles there and if chicks were heard by the stoats they would climb up and certainly take them.” DON'T MISSSpringwatch viewers fume as 'best bit' of show is missing [VIDEO]Chris Packham jokes about BBC licence fee on Springwatch [INSIGHT]Springwatch's Michaela Strachan ‘hopeless’ with online abuse [INTERVIEW] “So it's attempting to distract that stoat away and the stoat is thinking, Oh, come on then just come a little bit lower I can leap up that high.’ “It could be the first kill for this young stoat that’s really nice to see. “You can’t go out looking for stoats, you can just happen across them and when you do, it's always a treat.” “They look like little meerkats the way they stand, they're not carnivores, yet they’re still cute,” Michaela quipped. Elsewhere, Michaela admitted she was “hopeless” with dealing with online abuse. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: “We are really lucky with our audience because I think Springwatch is the sort of programme that people only watch if they like wildlife and they tune in because they like the programme. “It’s not like so many other programmes that people tune into whether they like it or not and then they just seem to really enjoy abusing it. “I would say at least 90 percent of our social media is very positive which is good because I’m not very good at not being liked, I like to be liked. Chris is good at taking abuse and with his campaigns he gets abuse.” “But I would be absolutely hopeless if people chucked the abuse at me that they chuck at him," she added. Springwatch continues on BBC Two on Wednesday at 8pm.