With summer just around the corner, many Britons will be working hard to get their outdoor space ready for socialising. But while rushing to get their gardens perfect for the summer season, many gardeners might find themselves making small mistakes. Now, the gardening experts over at Sutton Manor Nursery have compiled a list of five common gardening mistakes to avoid to help inexperienced gardeners not make any mistakes. The gardening experts said this is “the most common mistake people make” when they’re gardening. Most plants have different watering requirements, which many people aren’t aware of. Under watering one plant could be over watering another so gardeners need to be careful. Signs of an overwatered plant include: Yellowing leaves, brown tips, wilting but with wet soil and root rot. READ MORE: How to clean windows and leave them 'sparkling' Signs of an underwatered plant include: Dry leaves, brown tips, leaf curling and leaf dropping. It’s important not to water plants too frequently, even when the weather warms up. Water plants less frequently but make sure when the plant is being watered, the soil is thoroughly saturated. The roots of the plants will reach more deeply for water, even if the soil surface looks dry. DON'T MISSEast Anglians told 'plant tall trees to prevent new electricity pylons [INSIGHT]Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow [UPDATE]‘Essential treatment’ to keep your lawn ‘healthy’ - gives ‘protection’ [ANALYSIS] Many people won’t even realise they are making this mistake. The gardening experts said: “This can cause a chain reaction of problems for your grass that can be truly catastrophic.” Cutting lawns too short is removing the food supply to the grass and in the summer, the grass replies on that food to survive arid conditions. Mowing grass too short will also be reducing the grass’ ability to produce more food. The grass will then need to work harder to produce new food which will sacrifice the development of roots. The lawn will not be able to store any water or obtain nutrients from soil if there aren’t enough roots. If this cycle continues, the grass could end up dying.  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Leave lawns slightly longer to benefit the grass. Lawns will grow a lot slower and this will leave grass looking fuller and healthier while maintaining the nutrients it needs to stay alive. Weeding is a task many people find laborious. Some people can avoid weeding for so long that it leads to a huge amount of problems in the garden. Weeds compete with plants for water and nutrients in the soil which can stop the plants you want from receiving everything they need to thrive. Positioning is extremely important for the health of the plant. Different plants will have different needs, with some needing direct sunlight and others needing more shade. Plants that need shade should not be put in full sun as this could damage the plant and make it unhappy.  Plants also don’t like to be cramped or crowded so don’t place them too close to each other as they need air to circulate around them and room for their branches and roots to grow. Crowding plants together could also “help the spread of diseases”. It’s important not to over-prune shrubs as this can permanently damage the plant, stunting its growth and making it susceptible to plant diseases. Pruning a tree when its actively growing could starve it. Pruning is when a gardener cuts leaves and leaves are what is needed to make food. Leaves will also provide shade in the warmer months so over-pruning them could make the plant more exposed to the sun. Ensure there are enough leaves on the plant in the summer months so the plant can create food and provide shade.