Painting a room is probably the most common DIY project, and is a job that can easily be accomplished by most homeowners. Painting walls and ceilings is also a relatively cheap way to refresh a room and achieve a high impact look. Although painting a room is a fairly straightforward task it’s still essential to plan properly. When you’re choosing your new paint, work out how the colour will complement existing property features. Shelly Little, property expert at My Move, highlighted the importance of preparing a room before even thinking about getting the paint out. She said: “Prepping the room makes a difference. “It is a known fact that painting is much easier when there is nothing in your way.” This means empty out the room, or at least as much as possible. If you are painting your living room, move large furniture pieces to the centre and cover them up with old sheets or drop cloths. READ MORE: I used a 13p fruit to remove stubborn limescale from my bathroom tap The expert continued: “Although it seems like an unnecessary step to wipe the walls down, it is a very important step. “Whether you can see it or not, there is buildup on the walls of dirt, dust, and oils from your hands. “Removing this debris prior to painting will allow the paint to adhere to the walls.” It is also advised to fill in any nail holes or cracks with filler, as well as tape off adjacent walls, window trim, and light switch or outlet covers. Use drop cloths, newspapers, or a roll of paper to cover the floor. Once the room has been prepped for, it is then time to test the paint colour. DON'T MISS: ‘Valuable’ kitchen essential to give gardens a boost without chemicals [EXPERT]Houseplant pests: ‘Effective’ spice trick to deter pests from plants [TIPS]‘Best time of year’ to fertilise your lawn - ‘boosts the condition’ [INSIGHT] It is very difficult to determine how a particular colour will look on your walls, and with your lighting, so for those who have a colour in mind, it is a good idea to buy a sample. Shelly instructed: “Allow the paint to dry, observing its colour in both daytime and night. This will give you a true idea of what the colour will look like on your walls. “If you are unsure of the colour, purchase a few samples and do the same.” Another important step in the preparation process is to use primer as it “seals the walls providing you with a base for the paint to adhere to”, according to the paint pro. Primer does not, however, help you skip the step of cleaning the walls. READ MORE: ‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value Shelly added: “It guarantees a great finish and allows you to use less paint.” For many, the concept of brushing the corners before or after rolling the walls can be confusing. However, you must remember to brush before rolling, says the expert. She said: “Carefully use a high-quality brush to paint about an inch out from corners, the ceiling, and the baseboard - these are areas that a roller cannot reach. “Use the roller after brushing in order to flatten out any brush marks that have gone further out than the depths of the corner. “This will leave you with a smooth flat surface.” Rollers are made from fuzzy material that puts more than paint on your walls. It is important to remove any debris, such as loose fibres, from the roller. This can be done using tape. Shelly explained: “You can use painters tape wrapped backward around your hand to do this. “Press your taped hand onto the roller, and it will work in a similar manner as a lint roller. “You should also rub the dry paint brushes up against your hand and gently tug on the fibres. “This will ensure that no loose fibres end up in your paint from the brush.”