Arsenal are reportedly set to complete two more deals within 'days' of wrapping up their first signing of the summer transfer window. The Gunners could announce the £34million capture of FC Porto attacking midfielder Fabio Vieira as early as Monday to kick off their spending. Mikel Arteta was the best-backed Premier League manager last summer, splashing £149m on six new additions. And it's expected to be another busy transfer window at the Emirates Stadium as Arteta's quest to guide Arsenal back into the Champions League continues. After Vieira, the Spaniard is looking to strengthen various areas of his squad with a new centre-back, central midfielder, winger and striker. Arsenal are interested in completing a cut-price deal for Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans while they are 'very close' to signing Leeds United winger Raphinha. But Arteta's centre-back and striker targets could be even closer to the Emirates arrivals lounge. According to Portuguese transfer insider Pedro Almeida, once Vieira's transfer is completed, Arsenal will conclude deals for Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez and Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus in the 'next days'. JUST IN: Bruce Buck ends 19-year tenure as Chelsea chairman The report's timing is interesting, with Arsenal recently strongly linked to both players. Jesus has been touted for a move to north London for weeks amid Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez's arrivals. There is a 'belief' that the Brazilian will be playing in the famous red and white next season. Meanwhile, with Jurrien Timber expected to remain at Ajax this summer, Martinez's exit looks all the more likely, and Manchester United are also looking at him at the request of Erik ten Hag. Over the weekend, The Athletic reported that Arsenal had already submitted a bid worth around £25.7m (€30m) for the Argentine, but Ajax turned it down. READ MORE: Mikel Arteta 'wants progress' on Arsenal deals amid Kroenke demands With just over a week left until teams start re-grouping for pre-season training, it's no surprise Arteta and other Premier League bosses will want to do business in preparation. So while completing two high-profile deals in the 'next days' could be a little optimistic, plenty could unfold before July comes around. Arsenal are entering their sixth successive season without Champions League football but will be back in European competition after their 2021-22 absence. The Gunners will feature in the Europa League alongside Manchester United and are therefore looking to reinforce their squad to avoid succumbing to an already hectic schedule. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here