Millie Bobby Brown and the rest of the Hawkins gang have finally returned to screens for an epic new season of Stranger Things. Although the British star was 17-years-old when she filmed the latest instalment of the Netflix drama, she hadn’t realised her character, telekinetic teenager Eleven, is actually much younger. The Eleven star was gobsmacked when she was told her character is meant to be 14-years-old in the new season of Stranger Things. In season four, Eleven returns with Will (played by Noah Schnapp) and Jonathan Byers (Charlie Heaton) after their move to California. Some viewers may have been confused about the show’s timeline, as the characters’ exact ages or school years are rarely mentioned. Millie recently admitted she and Noah had wrongly assumed their characters were meant to be the same ages. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Kim Tate murders Will Taylor over deadly secret “Eleven is 14?” they both exclaimed in a joint interview. While both stars were 16-17 during filming, they were stunned to realise they were playing characters two or three years their junior. Recalling season three, a stunned Millie asked: “I was making out with Mike at 13?” As recent seasons have seen the gang starting to develop more mature feelings for each other, Millie believed the cast had aged up since their first encounters with the Upside Down. However, as many viewers have noted with the release of Stranger Things’ long-awaited new season, much of the cast looks considerably older than their Hawkins counterparts. In an interview with Stranger Things Brazil, Millie recalled: “I was like 16 [when I was filming]. “I was thinking, like, maybe 16/17. That’s insane. “Okay. We need definite clarification; they’re emailing right now.” DON'T MISS:Strictly’s Darcey Bussell shut down by Queen’s dancing admission [INTERVIEW]Meghan Markle and dad’s relationship has ‘come to an end’ [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart admits Penny has ‘thing’ for Prince Charles [VIDEO] Hopefully, the show’s fifth and final season will be more upfront about the cast’s ages to avoid confusion. Fans have also expressed their hopes for a bigger time jump next time round, to avoid the uncanny effect which comes from young adults portraying teenagers. Millie has recently been doing the press rounds elsewhere to promote the fourth season, which will conclude with two feature-length episodes at the start of July. She took part in the latest episode of infamous interview show Hot Ones with Sean Evans, and recalled the challenges of filming Stranger Things during Covid. “It was the hardest one [we’ve ever filmed],” she said of the pandemic’s impact on the series. “I mean, mostly because we filmed for three years. We were filming in three different places, Lithuania, New Mexico and Atlanta and it was difficult, yeah.” Stranger Things is confirmed to be ending with its fifth season, which could take place a few years later to match up with the older cast. Stranger Things season 4, volume 1 is available to stream on Netflix. Volume 2 will be released on Friday, July 1.