According to a new study, a class of blood pressure drugs known as RAAS inhibitors reduces the risk of brain aneurysms by 18 percent. Professor Qinghai Huang of Changhai Hospital said in a statement: “Our study highlights that using the proper antihypertensive medications to achieve normalisation of blood pressure may remarkably decrease the risk of a ruptured aneurysm.” While this may sound surprising to many, it has long been known cardiovascular health can impact neurological health. “Given that one-third of patients with ruptured aneurysms die and another third remain dependent for daily life activities, there is a need to identify modifiable risk factors to prevent aneurysm rupture.” READ MORE: Cancer warning: Three vitamin supplements linked to lung cancer risk More research is required by a conclusive link between high blood pressure and aneurysms can be drawn. Meanwhile, symptoms of an unruptured brain aneurysm include:• Loss of vision or double vision• Pain above or around eye• Numbness or weakness on one side of the face• Difficulty speaking• Headaches• Loss of balance• Difficulty concentrating or problems with short-term memory. The NHS say a patient should see their GP “as soon as possible if [they] experience symptoms of an unruptured brain aneurysm”.  The sooner an aneurysm is diagnosed, the more efficiently it can be treated. Treatment may include active observation, surgery, or emergency treatment. However, before treatment is decided upon an individual’s risk will first be assessed. Brain aneurysms can be prevented through positive lifestyle habits and controlling blood pressure. While prevalent, high blood pressure can be very efficiently treated, and with great ease. The most common method of treating high blood pressure is through lifestyle changes and medicinal means. Lifestyle changes include reducing salt intake, eating a low-fat, balanced diet, keeping active, losing weight, drinking less caffeine, and quitting smoking. However, if these are ineffective, medicines may also be prescribed. Examples of medications prescribed include ACE inhibitors, Angiotensin-2 receptor blockers, and calcium channel blockers. While each of these medicines are effective, they can result in side effects. The full list of said side effects will present on the supplementary leaflet that comes with each packet of medication. Should a side effect occur which isn’t listed, patients can report the issue to the government through the Yellow Card Scheme.