Ex-First Sea Lord Alan West claimed “there is clearly a potential for a world war” as he explained Putin “has made extraordinary claims about what he might do if life becomes harder for him” in Ukraine. Referring to Putin’s warning, he stressed the need for the UK to invest more money into defence forces as he claimed the Government should “bear in mind there is a war in Europe and there might be a world war”. He also discouraged Ukraine from making territorial concessions to Russia as he explained an agreement with Russia “would be a victory for Putin” and “we need to make Putin realise what a catastrophic mistake this war was for Russia”. Lord Alan West told Times Radio: “Putin is not at all predictable. “He has made some very wild claims. “He has made some extraordinary claims about what he might do. “There is clearly a potential for there being a world war. “If life becomes harder and harder for him. “Particularly if he thinks that the allies are providing very clever weapons that are beginning to cause more damage to its forces. “It would be madness not to have our military in a fit state, to be able to think about that and confront it if such a thing were going to happen. “I do find it extraordinary that our Government have not actually really seriously put any extra money into our defence forces in the UK, bearing in mind there is a war in Europe and there might be a world war.” READ MORE: Frexiteer Philippot calls for Emmanuel Macron to 'submit resignation' He continued: “I think that in number of these countries people are thinking ‘why don’t these Ukrainians come to some sort of agreement with Russia?’ “That would be a terrible mistake. “It would be a victory for Putin. “We need to make Putin realise how appalling this dreadful invasion of his was and what a catastrophic mistake it was for Russia. DON'T MISS: 'No illusions!' Putin 'threatened' Gordon Brown during Moscow visit [WATCH]Staunch anti-Brexit Remainer wishes to return to UK amid heatwave [LISTEN]Irish PM loses it after BBC's Sophie Raworth shames Brussels  [INSIGHT] “We can only do that by making this grinding on.” Referring to new chief of British Army General Sir Patrick Sanders’s warning that British troops must “prepare to fight in Europe once again”, he commented: “I think for the General to say to his chaps ‘you must think about the fact you might have to fight the Russians’, is alright. “I don’t think I would have said that. “I think I would have just said ‘you must be ready for all eventualities, and I expect my men and women to be able to fight for the enemies of the Queen. “He made it more specific and I can understand why he did that. “The impact on Russia will get greater and greater the longer we go on, as long as the Ukrainians can hold out and keep fighting”. Speaking to his troops, General Sir Patrick Sanders said: “Russia’s invasion of Ukraine underlies our core purpose to protect the UK by being ready to fight and win wars on land. “There is now a burning imperative to forge an Army capable of fighting alongside our allies and defeating Russia in battle. “We are the generation that must prepare the Army to fight in Europe once again”. The warning came as Boris Johnson said Russia’s invasion is now “entering a new phase”. Boris Johnson’s remark followed his recent trip to Kyiv to meet Ukraine’s president Zelensky. Following the visit, he wrote in The Times: “I am afraid that we need to steel ourselves for a long war, as Putin resorts to a campaign of attrition, trying to grind down Ukraine by sheer brutality. “Everything will depend on whether Ukraine can straighten its ability to defend its soil faster than Russia can renew its capacity to attack. “Our task is to enlist time on Ukraine’s side”.