Princess Ingrid Alexandra of Norway turned 18 on January 21 earlier this year. The Princess celebrated her milestone last night with a gala dinner in Oslo. The royal wore a breathtaking Monique Lhuillier gown.  Tonight, Ingrid is continuing her celebrations in pure style. The 18-year-old royal posed with the Norwegian Royal Family in a gorgeous gown. The Alberta Ferretti gown is a floor-length purple dress with no sleeves. The ruffled skirt is paired with a straight-line top and two straps along the shoulders.  The dress was previously owned by Ingrid’s mother, Mette-Marit, Crown Princess of Norway, who was seen wearing the dress in 2005 during the Japanese State Visit to Norway. Princess Mette-Marit also posed in the pictures wearing a fabulous Pucci by Dundas gown. This is a repeat wear for Mette-Marit. Princess Ingrid of Norway is now 18, and so has made her tiara debut in these birthday portraits.   The Princess is wearing a diamond and pearl tiara that has been passed down from Princess Ingeborg of Sweden. Ingeborg was the grandmother of King Harald V of Norway and the great-great-grandmother of Princess Ingrid Alexandra. The tiara is known as Princess Ingeborg's Boucheron Pearl Circle Tiara. The delicate piece features interlocking diamond circles set in platinum.  The large pearl button-style elements at the front of the tiara were reportedly later additions. Ingeborg wore the tiara until the very end of her life. All the future heirs to the European thrones are featured in Ingrid’s birthday portraits to help celebrate the Norwegian royal. Princess Elisabeth, the heir to the Belgian throne featured in the photographs.  The 20-year-old royal wore an Armani Prive Fall 2021 Couture dress in shimmering pink. The strapless dress was quite a statement look for the young royal. Princess Catharina-Amalie, 18, is the heir to the throne in the Netherlands, and also appeared in the photos wearing her mother’s beautiful diadem. Princess Estelle, the 10-year-old heir to the Swedish throne, was also present in the birthday portraits.  Tonight's celebrations were postponed until June due to the infection situation and coronavirus restrictions.