The Duke of York has tested positive for coronavirus. A palace spokesman said: “After undertaking a routine test the duke has tested positive for Covid and with regret will no longer be attending tomorrow’s service.” The event would have been the largest public gathering of the Royal family since Harry and Meghan's wedding in 2018. It was the only celebratory event he had been planned to take part in. Andrew, the Queen's second son, did also not appear on the balcony for the trooping of the colour today, after Her Majesty decided that only working royals would join her. The Archbishop of Canterbury also pulled out of the service earlier this week after contracting the virus.  ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Justin Welby said of the upcoming celebrations that they would be an opportunity to make aments between Prince Andrew and the Royal family, as well as with the public. The Duke of York stepped down from royal duties in the wake of a sex scandal. Andrew denied all allegations and later came to an out of court settlement with his accuser. As part of the settlement, which is not an admission of guilt, the duke vowed to "demonstrate his regret for his association" with Jeffrey Epstein by supporting the "fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims".  While Andrew saw the Queen in the last few days, it is understood he has been doing regular testing, and has not seen her since he tested positive.   He was pictured on Wednesday in high spirits while riding a horse on the Royal Estate in Windsor. The news comes the day after columnist Owen Jones slammed the planned presence of Prince Andrew at the Jubilee. Mr Jones told LBC the Duke of York's appearance could "sully" celebrations, adding: "He should accept no role of any description in public life." Piers Morgan also blasted the Duke, claiming he had “shamelessly slithered” his way back into society, using the Queen as a “prop” to do so. He added: "I don’t call that ‘making amends’, I call that ‘taking the public for mugs." The Queen's decision to have only working royals on the balcony was a "practical" one in light of recent events, according to royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams. He told Express.co.uk: "The Queen’s decision that only working royals can appear on the Buckingham Palace Balcony after Trooping the Colour is practical. "She knows it is out of the question that Andrew appear and that, given that issues linked to the Sussexes are so sensitive and highly publicised, this was the best solution on this iconic occasion."  