Manchester United may have been handed a further blow in their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong, as it's been claimed that the Dutchman is refusing to leave Barcelona. In a shocking twist, they may have to rely on Victor Lindelof to help persuade the midfielder. De Jong is refusing to leave Barcelona with the star enjoying life in Spain, according to Sport.es. United thought they'd agreed a deal worth £56million with Barcelona for De Jong, with performance-related add-ons also involved within the total package. Finer details of the deal were still yet to be ironed out, but United were growing increasingly confident that a move would take place, as Erik ten Hag looks to reunite with his former Ajax star. But now reports have emerged that De Jong is not interested in leaving the Nou Camp, and Lindelof may have an unlikely role to play. That's because they are managed by the same agency, meaning that United could rely on Lindelof to persuade De Jong internally, helping force through a move. READ MORE: Man Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck'  De Jong's stance isn't a new revelation, as the Dutchman admitted that he was happy to stay and fight for his place earlier on in the window. Even Barcelona boss Xavi admitted that De Jong is a brilliant midfielder, but hinted that in order to make signings they needed to sell, and the Dutchman was seemingly volunteered. Barcelona are desperate to keep Pedri and Gavi, with Sergio Busquets still seen as a vital asset, meaning that unfortunately for De Jong he was the remaining candidate. And then it seemed like the deal was done, with a "broad agreement" in place until De Jong returned from his holidays.  DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraMan Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck'Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings But now it appears that De Jong has doubled down on his initial stance, and the Dutchman does not want to leave the Nou Camp despite the prospect of linking up with Ten Hag. It's thrown a massive spanner into the works for both clubs, but De Jong is within his right to stay put. Hopes could rely on Lindelof, who has been at United since 2017, although his experience at Old Trafford has been very mixed. United are on the verge of signing Tyrell Malacia though, after the Red Devils hijacked Lyon's initial deal with Feyenoord for the 22-year-old. Missing out on De Jong would be a huge blow, and it would send Ten Hag and United back to the drawing board. 