The Russian Defence Ministry announced on Wednesday that its Strategic Missile Forces has been conducting exercises with its Yars mobile ground-based missile system in Russia’s Ivanovo region. Its report reads: "In the Ivanovo region, autonomous launchers of the Yars mobile ground-based missile system of the Teikovsky formation of the Strategic Missile Forces perform intensive manoeuvring actions on combat patrol routes as part of the exercises.  "Strategic rocket men are working on the issues of bringing missile systems to field positions, making marches up to 100km long, dispersing units with a change in field positions, their engineering equipment, organizing camouflage and combat security." And around 1,000 military personnel were said to be involved in the exercise, Russian news agency Interfax reports. The thermonuclear RS-24 Yars ballistic missile can reportedly carry up to 10 warheads and has a range of about 12,000km. It is said to weigh around 49.6 tonnes and can whiz through the air at an alarming speed of 24,500 kilometres per hour. These speeds mean that the missile could be launched from Moscow and reach London- which is 3,738 kilometres away in approximately nine minutes and nine seconds. The terrifying missile was put on display in Moscow during Victory Day earlier this month, Russia's military parade celebrating its defeat of the Nazis in the Second World War. Dubbed the "monster missile", it is an intercontinental ballistic missile that can be launched on the road or from nuclear silos. These missiles can be launched very quickly, taking only seven minutes to prep the missile for launch. READ MORE: The NATO weapon that Putin ‘really fears’ The missile can also be equipped with the Avangard hypersonic gliding re-entry vehicle that would make it extremely fast and easily manoeuvrable. This deadly weapon is an updated version of the TOPOL-M, and stands on a 16×16 wheeled chassis similar to its predecessor. And this is not the only horror weapon that Russia has unveiled. In fact, Russia has six "superweapons" in its 6,000 strong arsenals of warheads that it could choose from. DON'T MISS Spain’s 'alternative plan' to cause 'substantial damage' to Putin [INSIGHT]Russia takes on NATO and WIPES OUT drone amid ‘stalled’ invasion [REVEAL] Energy lifeline as new 80% cheaper ‘clean gas’ can ‘solve crisis’ [REPORT] This includes the Sarmat, dubbed "Satan 2", which can also reportedly carry 10 warheads and was test-fired by Russia in April in a horror warning. Other superweapons include the Burevestnik nuclear-powered cruise missile, the Kinzhal hypersonic missile, and the Tsirkon sea-launched hypersonic missile. Alex Lord, Eurasia analyst at intelligence firm Sibylline told Express.co.uk: These so-called super weapons are largely strategic and sub-strategic weapons, and so their utility in a conventional conflict like Ukraine remains largely limited in any case. "The exception is the Kinzhal, which the Russian Ministry of Defence has claimed has been deployed against various targets across the country." 