Over the next year, James Bond fans are hoping to learn who the next 007 will be. The newcomer will replace Daniel Craig, who stepped down from the role following No Time To Die last year. A number of massive actors have been suggested for the incredible role, including Tom Hardy, Regé-Jean Page, and Idris Elba. But Sam Heughan is also in the running of the Bond odds. And while he has been quiet for some time, he has now opened up about his career desires. Heughan was recently interviewed about the Bond role, a position he has been longing for since the early 2000s. But it seems like he has not yet begun talks with Bond bosses Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson. The Outlander star was asked about the future of the series, to which he said: "I have no idea." He noted that "everyone is always trying to second guess" the Bond bosses and their plans. Despite this, the Scottish star desperately wants to play the iconic British spy. Heughan confessed: "I think the role’s fantastic and I’d love to throw my oversized hat into the ring again if they are!" The heartthrob noted that it would be "nice" to see another Scottish Bond hit the big screen. Indeed, if he were to claim the role, he would be the first Scottish actor playing 007 since the seminal Sean Connery. However, Heughan has been strongly considered to play Bond in the past - but to no avail. Looking back on auditioning for 2006's Casino Royale, Heughan recalled: "I was called in when they were doing Bond 21, so before they had Daniel [Craig] again." (Via Esquire) READ MORE: James Bond hopeful Henry Cavill 'snubs 007 temptation' in video Heughan explained the Bond bosses were looking for a "younger" Bond - something he suspects will happen again in the future. "It was such a strange experience," he explained. "But I enjoyed it. I went in with a script and they were like: 'We might get you to read something from this scene,' but they don’t tell you what it’s from." He was then taken to meet Broccoli and Martin Campbell, Casino Royale's director. The meeting was complemented by the eponymous Golden Gun on the table in front of him. DON'T MISS...James Bond hopeful Henry Cavill 'snubs 007 temptation' in video [NEWS]Next James Bond switch-up: Tom Hardy 007 hopes restored [INFO]James Bond: James Brolin's devastation of being dropped as 007 WATCH [INSIGHT] Heughan said: "We sat around a very large wooden table and talked a bit about Bond. It was strange, as they didn’t want to talk about Bond, but they talked about Bond. It’s all very secret service." Although he missed out on the role once before, he now has very strong odds of becoming the hero. Ladbrokes have awarded the star 20/1 on becoming the next Bond. However, he isn't the only British star to have missed out previously, and he is back with a vengeance. Superman actor Henry Cavill was recently given incredible 7/2 odds on becoming Bond after Craig, making him the second-most likely in the line-up. But he already tried his luck back in 2005 - just like Heughan - when he auditioned for Bond for Casino Royale. Unfortunately, when he met the director, he was told he looked "a little chubby". Cavill later noted he "did not know how to diet or train". SOURCE