Queen Elizabeth was photographed inside the Oak Room of Windsor Castle on Tuesday and Wednesday this week. These photos showed Her Majesty receiving the Archbishop of Canterbury and Margaret Beazley, the Governor of New South Wales. Despite wearing beautiful new floral dresses, there was something else in the background that got people talking.  A statue of a Grenadier Guard could be seen behind the monarch in the Oak Room of Windsor Castle. While it is not known when the Queen was given the very fitting gift, she has been the Colonel-in-Chief of the regiment since she came to the throne in 1952. The wooden statue often appears in pictures of the Queen carrying out her official duties from home and has gained a lot of attention online from royal fans. One fan, @a4evanygirl commented: "How cute that the Queen has one of those drink butlers in the Queen's Guard uniform.  READ MORE: Princess Anne isn't afraid to 'snack' and eat old-fashioned dish “Makes you think of the ‘gag gifts’ the Royal Family give each other at Christmas!" Another fan, @yankybritt pointed out the decoration and quipped: "Does she honestly have a little guard waiter, statue in her room? That’s amazing!" A third account, @cumbywall added: "Looking good! By the way, I love that little soldier tray thing in the back. I want!" A final account, @Sammyjo49837309 joked: "Every time I see photos of the Queen in her sitting room that wee guardsman makes me smile.  “Think it shows the Queen has a quirky sense of humour like the rest of us." What is the rest of Windsor Castle like inside? The 900-year-old property is reportedly one of the Queen's favourite residences and it holds a special place in her heart. Located just an hour's drive away from her London residence Buckingham Palace, Windsor Castle is the largest occupied castle in the world with around 1,000 rooms and 484,000 square feet of space.  Windsor Castle, which has been inhabited for almost 1,000 years, has been decorated to suit certain monarchs and their requirements. Inside, it is very luxurious and regal with brightly coloured bedrooms, original fireplaces and historic artwork. The dining room’s most impressive feature is its intricately carved ceiling which was completely restored after a fire ripped through part of the building in 1992. There is also the Crimson Drawing Room, the Green Drawing Room, the White Drawing Room and St George’s Hall. Many iconic photographs have been taken in the Green Drawing Room, including Archie’s official christening photos as well as Prince Harry's.  The White Drawing Room is also used for family events. Prince Charles and Princess Diana were pictured there with their sons William and Harry at William's confirmation in March 1997. During the festive period, there is a 15-foot Christmas tree in the Crimson Drawing Room. The castle overlooks the East Lawn Terrace and further afield, the expansive Home Park. The East Terrace Garden was open to visitors for the first time in 40 years last summer. As well as a stately home that conducts important business, Windsor is a family home worth £239million, where the Queen's beloved corgis are allowed to roam freely. 