The drone footage shows 3 BTRs, and 3 IFVs being lost in addition to an armoured vehicle. The images also show one of the Russian targets burning under a thick black cloud of smoke, that continues to plume up into the sky. A big explosion can be seen coming after the Ukrainian military hit another Russian vehicle, the explosion caused a fire instantly, and flicking hues of orange flames can be seen before the overwhelming amount of smoke engulfs the whole tank. The second vehicle appears to still be on fire as orange sparks of flames can be seen burning the remainder of the tank under a grey cloud of smoke. The Russian armoured trucks were located in a rural field of Kharkiv Oblast, where a lot of fighting has been taking place. The amount of Russian casualties is currently unknown, as the footage does not show any Russian servicemen trying to flee for their lives.  JUST IN: Horror as British couple thrown off Air Canada flight for NO REASON     Social media users on Twitter have been reacting to the attack. One user @Tony_Vargas45 said: "These are minuscule losses. Russia can absorb these for decades. UA needs something big. They’re losing right now." @SnappyDresserJ1 said: "US estimated they lost 1000 tanks a couple of weeks ago, at least 1500 other armoured vehicles verified. they can't absorb it because reserve equipment is often not fit for service, and their actual production of modern equipment is low. that's why we're seeing t-62s already." @SubjectNo1 said: "There is photo evidence of probably 700 tanks and a couple thousand armoured vehicles and other equipment. So US estimates are reasonable and likely low." READ MORE: Russia’s ‘disinformation campaign’ blames West for food crisis with as it blocks grain    @Onfaitavec said: "Very good news. Are they holding the ground? Ate the heavy weaponry delivery already?" @VincentMcdonDonagh said: "It's a curious thing that there are never any bodies around these destroyed vehicles. I often if wonder they were just incinerated inside or were already outside when hit and made off. However, you rarely seen troops running around." @Here_and_Now74 said: "I'd have to think battle fatigue is running rampant within the Russian ranks. 4 months in and I'd be thinking a Ukrainian was about to jump out of every tree trunk, trashcan, tree line, burnt-out vehicle, or building within 5 miles of me." @Jenna56727014 said: "Nice job! Keep on killing orchs! Never give up, free Ukraine." Ukraine has been gifted many weapons from NATO-aligned countries in the West, antitank devices and top-of-the-range missiles have been some of the gifted weapons of choice. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has asked for ongoing continuous support from the West in order to push back against the ongoing bloody Russian onslaught on their land.  DON’T MISS: Russia's 'outdated weapons' no match for Ukraine as 55% of forces WIPED OUT in DonbasArtist suggests we should bury statues such as Churchill so we 'look down upon them'Brexit-backing Republican Governor blasts Biden for 'weighing in' on hated Ulster Protocol With the help of NATO-aligned countries, Ukraine has had access to top-of-the-range weapons and military training for its national army. The MoD's latest report: “The Russian authorities have not released the overall number of military casualties in Ukraine since 25 March. “However, the self-declared Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) publishes casualty figures for DPR forces. “As of June 16, the DPR acknowledged 2128 military personnel killed in action, and 8897 wounded, since the start of 2022.  “It is highly likely that DPR forces are equipped with outdated weapons and equipment. “On both sides, the ability to generate and deploy reserve units to the front is likely becoming increasingly critical to the outcome of the war.”  READ NEXT