Many people were shocked to see their energy bills rising by hundreds of pounds earlier this year when Ofgem confirmed the price cap increased by £693. The energy watchdog announced that an increase in global gas prices was behind the rise as utility companies moved energy costs onto the consumer. Gas and electricity providers set their own prices, and customers are able to change if they feel they’re not getting the best deal. Those who have seen their prices increase could benefit from checking if a better deal is available. Ofgem recommended using a comparison website to check what deals are on the market and if money can be saved. It has a number of websites it accredits including Money Supermarket which shows a number of different suppliers and their prices. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money A check can be run by entering your address and current energy provider to see what other offers are out there. There are plenty of other Ofgem accredited websites which can be used and offer the same information such as Energy Helpline and USwitch. It’s important to look at all the information available from comparison websites and not just the cost of bills. Check if the rate is fixed for a period of time and if there are any exit fees if you want to change supplier again in the future. Customers shopping for a better deal should also check reviews of utilities companies to make sure they provide a good service. But staying put may sometimes be the best option according to experts, even if there are better deals out there. Stephen Murray, head of energy at MoneySupermarket, wrote on the company's website: “Over recent years it has been easy to switch to a cheaper tariff with also maybe better service and from a supplier who sources electricity from renewable sources. “However at the moment the energy market is seeing unprecedented price rises which may mean staying put for the time being is the best thing to do.” DON'T MISS: State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [INSIGHT]Attendance Allowance: 56 health conditions that could mean you get £4k [ANALYSIS]Energy crisis lifeline as expert claims heat pumps a ‘no brainer’ [TIPS] Ultimately, the decision of whether to switch energy suppliers depends on what type of deal is best for each household. Customers need to compare their current offer with what is available on the market and decide if switching would work better for them. Energy prices are going up again in October with bills rising by a further £800, according to Ofgem. Jumps in the volatile energy market are hitting families hard and could see millions of people go into fuel poverty - not being able to keep their homes warm. The Government promised to provide more support to households by providing payments to the most vulnerable. These are expected to come through in summer and autumn, and help those struggling to deal with the cost of living crisis and energy bill increases. Rishi Sunak announced the plan in May to help with the effects of inflation, which is at around nine percent right now. People who receive means-tested benefits, people with disability benefits, and pensioners could be eligible for the payments.