Liverpool have been strongly linked with a move for Serge Gnabry as Sadio Mane's replacement, but the board reportedly have other ideas. Mane has indicated that he plans to leave Anfield after six years at the club with Bayern Munich leading the race for his signature. Liverpool won't let their star man go for cheap with reports indicating that they want a fee in the region of £45million. But if Jurgen Klopp does end up losing Mane for next season, he will want someone already in place as the Senegal international's replacement. Gnabry fits the mould of Liverpool's transfer policy at 26 years of age and his best years are still ahead of him. Like Mane, the German winger has just 12 months left on his contract and has indicated that he won't sign a new deal. Bayern will reportedly accept a fee in the region of £35m with Gnabry hoping for wages around £250,000 per week. But Sky Germany claim Liverpool aren't in the running to sign Gnabry for two main reasons. JUST IN: Liverpool star Van Dijk gives verdict on Man Utd target De Jong  While there will be a space needing to be filled once Mane leaves, Liverpool are mainly focused on 'rejuvenating their team for the long term'. And it's suggested that Liverpool may well look to utilise their current options as opposed to signing a direct replacement for Mane. If no replacement is signed, Harvey Elliott will likely see increased minutes after an injury-ravaged campaign last time out. Klopp admitted at the start of last season that Elliott was one of Liverpool's best performers before his injury. The 19-year-old was often used as an attacking midfielder as opposed to on the wing though. If Klopp sticks with Elliott through the middle, then Fabio Carvalho may be given his chance. DON'T MISS  The summer signing from Fulham played a huge role in helping the west London team win the Championship last season. The teenager scored 10 goals while providing eight assists, although he too was often played through the middle in midfield. Divock Origi has already left the club while reports have indicated that offers will be listened to for Takumi Minamino. Young Kaide Gordon is highly rated by Liverpool coaches and made his Premier League debut in the 3-0 win over Brentford back in January. And it seems as though Carvalho, Elliott and Gordon will be given more chances next season if Mane leaves.