Clemmy Owen is the eighth child of the Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen and her husband Clive. The youngster is often seen helping out the family around the farm and making them laugh while doing it. Channel 5 viewers have loved watching what Clemmy gets up to and is a clear favourite member of the Owen family. Whether she's having fans in fits of laughter thanks to her one-off comments or making them swoon as she tends to her beloved Tony the pony, Clemmy has no doubt been a hit. She regularly helps her mum out on the farm with the day-to-day duties and is an avid bird watcher, having previously dealt with a baby snag. So it's no wonder that Clemmy has won herself a loyal fanbase among the show's viewers. Some have expressed their desire for the youngster to have her own Our Yorkshire Farm spin-off. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes slams label of 'British' players 'Raducanu's English!' Taking to Twitter to share their love for Amanda's daughter, one fan wrote: "Clemmy is an absolute star with more common sense than my 18-year-old! A second commented: "Clemmy needs her own comedy show, she's hilarious!", while a third added: "Such a lovely family but the star of the show for me has got to be Clemmy!" There has been no talk about Clemmy getting her own series just yet though. So fans are just going to have to tune into Our Yorkshire Farm if they want to see what she gets up to next. Clemmy, whose full name is believed to be Clementine Delores Owen, is six-years-old. She was born in the summer of 2015 so she will be celebrating her seventh birthday in the coming months. Clemmy will bound to mark the occasion with her four-legged friend Tony the pony by her side. She is the second youngest child of the Owen family and is only older than her five-year-old little sister Nancy. DON'T MISS...Amanda Owen details how she deals with heartbreaking loss at Ravenseat [EXPLAINER] Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive [RELATIONSHIP]Amanda Owen responds as fan notices farm member is missing [CAST] Amanda had a whopping six of her children at the roadside as Ravenseat Farm, Upper Swaledale is 69 miles away from the nearest hospital in Middlesborough. But instead of attempting to make the trip when she was in labour with Clemmy, the Yorkshire Shepherdess decided to stay home. Amanda explained on This Morning: "I put the kettle on, stoked up the fire and basically had her in front of the fire with just a terrier as a birthing partner, which is perfect. Honestly, don’t knock it, it’s great." Clive missed the birth of his eighth child, as Amanda said he was there for the first seven so it wasn't something she was "particularly bothered about". As of yet, there has been no word regarding a sixth season of Our Yorkshire Farm. The fifth outing of the Channel 5 docu-series premiered at the beginning of October 2021. Typically, series come out in the latter half of the year so this may well be the case yet again for series six. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.