Queen Elizabeth II will not attend the Royal Ascot today, citing mobility issues - there will be a procession featuring Prince Charles, Camilla and Peter Phillips in the first carriage. An avid horse breeder, Her Majesty will likely watch from her home just seven miles away at Windsor Castle.  Traditionally, the Queen would arrive at the races in a carriage with her guests. Following the first carriage are the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. The Princess Royal, The Lord de Mauley and Mr and Mrs William Nunneley will ride in the third carriage followed by the Ear and Countess of Hopetoun, Mr Tom Hooper and The Lady Alexandra Hooper in the fourth carriage.  The Queen, who has owned 22 winning horses at Royal Ascot, did not attend the first day of the races last year, however, she was present at day five of the event. Her Majesty has attended every Royal Meeting since ascending to the throne in 1952, apart from when it was held behind closed doors in 2020. She has several horses scheduled to be entered at Royal Ascot this week. READ MORE: Prince Louis set to have a different education from siblings  The Queen has recently elected to forego several public appearances due to mobility issues. Her Majesty did not the annual Order of the Garter procession yesterday, however the decision was expected and the Queen did attend a behind-the-scenes lunch and the investiture ceremony. She was photographed before the event at Windsor Castle wearing a white gown and her blue Garter sash and holding a walking stick. DON'T MISS: Queen 'laying the groundwork' ahead of next reign to smooth transition [ANALYSIS]Appleby Horse Fair revellers leave 'human excrement everywhere' [REPORT]‘Dangerously low’ Universal Credit alert as food banks on BRINK [INSIGHT]  Royal Ascot has welcomed stylishly dressed punters today but has reduced the number of racegoers following feedback from the 2021 event. Capacity in the Royal Enclosure will be by 1,000 people each day while the Queen Anne and Windsor Enclosures will by cut by 4,150 and 2,000 respectively. Felicity Barnard, commercial director at Ascot, said earlier this year: “A key message in the feedback from the 2021 Royal Meeting, when attendance was limited to 12,000 per day as part of the Government’s Events Research Programme, was that people really appreciated the benefit of additional space.”