Prince Charles and Prince William are the next two in line to the throne. Speaking to Sky News, royal correspondent Rhiannon Mills discussed how the Queen will show that she "has great faith" in the two future kings. Ms Mills said: "I think we are, very subtly in some ways, see the Queen showing us that she has great faith in her family and her heirs and in the future of the monarchy. "Increasingly, of course, the Queen has said 'I'm having a difficult day', 'Not walking terribly well today". She added: "We have seen younger members of the family stepping up and stepping into the role on her behalf". Ms Mills continued: "We are, I think, going to see a lot of that this weekend. "For moments that she feels unable to attend". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan WILL attend Trooping the Colour as Prince Charles stands in for Queen In recent months, the Queen has been increasingly unable to attend various duties due to ill health and in particular, her mobility struggles. The monarch has delegated duties to other senior members of the Royal Family. The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge took the salute at Trooping the Colour on the Queen's behalf alongside Princess Anne. And last month, Prince William joined his father Prince Charles at the State Opening of Parliament. READ MORE: 'The Monarch: A New Chapter' — How the Express reported the Queen's accession 70 years ago In her absence, the Queen's eldest son read out his mother's famous speech at the event. Millions of people across the UK and the world are expected to enjoy the celebrations and pageantry which begin today. In a statement released ahead of the celebrations, the Queen said: "Thank you to everyone who has been involved in convening communities, families, neighbours, and friends to mark my Platinum Jubilee, in the United Kingdom and across the Commonwealth. DON'T MISS Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'will only curtsy to the Queen' at Jubilee - claim [VIDEO] In her absence, the Queen's eldest son read out his mother's famous speech at the event. "I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last 70 years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm." The Jubilee is being celebrated with a jam-packed four-day bank holiday, beginning on Thursday, June 2. The Queen reached the major milestone earlier this year when she became the first British monarch to have ever reached seven decades on the throne.