The four days of Platinum Jubilee festivities saw the Queen join younger generations of the Royal Family to enjoy the celebrations. Events included Trooping the Colour, a thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral, a celebratory concert and pageant through London as well as two balcony appearances. The Queen was able to wave to the public from the iconic Buckingham Palace balcony twice over the weekend. However the 96-year-old monarch was forced to miss the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday, June 3, and the Epsom Derby on Saturday, June 4, due to her episodic mobility issues. Prince Charles also took a prominent role in Trooping the Colour on Thursday, June 2,  ​​taking the salute for the first time. He paid tribute to his “mummy”, the Queen, at the Platinum Party at the Palace and represented her at several events including the thanksgiving service and Jubilee Pageant on Sunday, June 5. Charles was accompanied by his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall throughout the weekend and together they attended a Big Jubilee Lunch at The Oval cricket ground on Sunday, June 5. Second-in-line to the throne Prince William also played a prominent role in the Jubilee celebrations alongside his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Together they made numerous appearances over the celebrations including a visit to Cardiff with their two eldest children Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, seven. George and Charlotte also attended the Party at the Palace concert and were joined by their younger brother, Prince Louis, four, for Trooping the Colour and Pageant. The Cambridges joined the Queen, Charles and Camilla for a second balcony appearance to conclude the festivities. The Queen's daughter Princess Anne stepped in to represent her mother at the Epsom Derby on Saturday, June 4. She also visited Edinburgh with her husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, visited Northern Ireland’s celebrations and joined the “Big Picnic” in Windsor. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry travelled to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations with their children Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back as working members of the Royal Family two years ago but were able to attend the thanksgiving service as it was deemed a family occasion.  The Queen’s second son Prince Andrew was due to attend the service as a family member but was forced to cancel his appearance due to testing positive for COVID-19. Andrew’s daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie were excluded from the balcony but attended the thanksgiving service, Party at the Palace concert and Jubilee Pageant alongside their husbands. Zara Tindall was also in attendance at events with her husband Mike Tindall and with their eldest children Mia, eight, and Lena, three. The Queen issued a letter of thanks at the end of the weekend and acknowledged that while was unable to attend all official events, she was “committed to serving you to the best of my ability supported by my family”. So how about YOU? Who was your favourite Royal in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations?  Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.