All the defendants walked free from court yesterday despite the "disgusting" scenes fuelled by alcohol at a birthday party at a flat. Lindsey Pollard, 42, was even allowed time off her curfew to take a trip to Spain with her five-year-old daughter while Margaret Docherty, 70, Umar Ashiq, 31, and 25-year-old Akib Iqbal were also spared jail. Minshull Street Crown Court had heard Docherty, Pollard and Ashiq were drinking outside the flat when Iqbal walked towards the home with Ashiq's ex and her new partner. The new partner made a comment to the group about Ashiq's wife, which sparked the large scuffle. During the fight Docherty threw a punch and a weapon was branded. CCTV showed Docherty and her son arming themselves with chairs, before they throw them and smash several windows. Pollard is seen grabbing the man's new partner by the hair, hurling her to the ground and attacking her repeatedly. Docherty, who is a mum, landed "at least ten" punches to her head. Ashiq also kicked her twice as she lay on the ground, shortly after throwing a large metal object at the fight, Manchester Evening News reports. His Honour Judge Mark Savill sentenced Iqbal to six months' imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, and ordered him to do 30 rehabilitation activity days and 150 hours unpaid work. Ashiq was also sentenced to six months imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to complete ten rehabilitation activity days and 100 hours unpaid work. Docherty was sentenced to ten months imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to complete 15 rehabilitation activity days and abide by an electronically monitored curfew between 8pm-7am for three months. Pollard was handed 12 months imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to complete 30 rehabilitation activity days, abiding by a curfew from 9pm-7am for three months. Pollard will have her curfew lifted for 10 days in July to allow her to go on holiday to Spain with her daughter, before resuming the 12 week countdown afterwards. Both women will have mitigation, either for urgent medical care in Docherty's case, or to escape her violent ex-partner turning up at her house in Pollard's case, considered by the courts in case of any potential breaches. Judge Savill said: "They should go to prison, there's no doubt about that, but I find it very difficult to start with a 42-year-old woman with a five-year-old daughter who won't see her tonight for an offence committed two years ago. Were it not so serious it would almost be laughable. What is a 70-year-old woman doing in the dock? "This quite disgraceful episode of disorder was confined to those who have been charged and those related to them. Quite what all of you thought you were doing on that night is completely beyond me. I can't impose as severe punishments on each of you as I might like because of your personal circumstances." Addressing Pollard individually he stated: "Perhaps out of everybody you deserve to go to prison. It seems to me that this court, to some extent, is compelled to suspend the sentence because of the devastating effect sending you to custody would have on your five-year-old daughter. She would be torn from you and plunged into the care system."  All four defendants admitted a charge of affray, relating to the brawl in Rochdale, Greater Manchester, on September 12, 2020. Roger Brown, prosecuting, said Iqbal held a plank as a weapon during the fight. He is seen on CCTV kicking out at Docherty's son on one occasion. Three people, including Pollard and Docherty's son, were taken to hospital. The court heard Docherty, from Rochdale, had experienced a stroke and was currently waiting for serious medical care at the time of the violence. Damian Zelazowski, defending the pensioner, said the woman was sorry she was for the acts committed after she "lost her temper". But she has several convictions, including wounding in 1984 and common assault in 1995. Adam White, defending Iqbal, said: "Everybody had too much to drink and quite frankly it was like a pack of animals, it was a disgrace. This is a situation my client is not that familiar with and he's still working, married, has a child on the way and a young child who is several months old now so he's done some serious growing up since this incident." Iqbal, of Rochdale, has a previous conviction for battery as a youth, dating back over a decade ago.  Adam Watkins, defending Ashiq, urged the court to be lenient on his client due to his previous good character and the fact his involvement in the fight was relatively short, lasting just "ten seconds". The judge was told Ashiq, also from Rochdale, is a man of previously good character, with no criminal record. Pollard, though, has several convictions for common assault, dating back to 1999 and 2010, and a conviction for obstructing a police officer in 2010. Gwen Henshaw, defending Pollard, told the court that her client's five-year-old daughter would be taken into care if her mum was sent to prison. She also asked for leniency for the mum, who has a mental health problem and has been affected by domestic abuse and "tragedy involving another child" in the past.