Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is set to give Thomas Tuchel the lead on the club's transfer business in a move designed to replicate the models in place at Liverpool and Manchester City, according to reports. The Blues will be hoping to oversee a fruitful summer recruitment drive over the coming weeks and months in order to prepare for a renewed Premier League title challenge at the very next time of asking. Boehly is thought to be fully committed to keeping Tuchel at Chelsea for the time being, with the west Londoners now widely expected to move away from the hire-and-fire strategy of years gone by. The American billionaire has already promised Tuchel that he will have the loudest voice when it comes to dictating the club's transfer policy over the next few windows, according to The Telegraph.It is said that Boehly is attempting to replicate the successful models in place at Liverpool and City, where Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola take leading roles in making decisions over incomings and outgoings. Chelsea's new owners are said to be convinced that handing Tuchel a similar influence to that enjoyed by Guardiola and Klopp at their respective clubs will help the Blues to close the gap at the top of the Premier League in the near future.Tuchel has reportedly been given assurances that Boehly will do everything in his power to deliver the German manager's preferred strategy rather than imposing his own plans for the market. The Chelsea boss is still working closely with director Marina Granovskaia and technical and performance advisor Petr Cech at present but is expected to have the biggest influence over the club's transfer dealings over the course of this summer and beyond. JUST IN: Chelsea preparing ‘concrete offer’ for Jules Kounde Other reports have claimed that Tuchel will be given an eye-watering budget of £200million to spend as he sees fit in the upcoming summer window, which is set to officially begin on Friday. He recently admitted that it has been difficult to lay down his plans in advance due to the financial sanctions that were imposed on Abramovich amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine earlier this year."I don’t have the solutions right now but we will try to stay positive about it," said Tuchel when quizzed on whether his hands were tied as a result of the restrictions at Chelsea, which have since been lifted."It can be complex enough if you lose a player like Toni [Rudiger] and maybe lose another player like Andreas [Christensen] with their quality and both of them for free. "It’s demanding enough nowadays in football to lose this kind of quality in a back three even if everything else stays in place so it can be a very demanding summer."I want to be positive about it and want to speak about the things we can influence. It will not be easy because we wanted to compete [for the league title] and you could see that we could not over the long run."The key thing for me is we keep the mentality in the building and in the club, the competitive mentality that was installed over a decade, and hopefully we can find our way through." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here