Iga Swiatek cemented her status as the world's No 1 female tennis player by winning a second French Open title in three years - and then was asked a question about her make-up. Swiatek was too strong for Coco Gauff in the final, beating the American teenager 6-1 6-3, and extending her winning run to 35 in the process. It's the joint-longest winning streak by a women's player in the 21st century along with Venus Williams, who had achieved the feat in 2000. And at the age of 21, the Polish star now sits on two Slam titles following her success at Roland Garros in 2020. But afterwards, for one reporter it wasn't just her supreme display in Paris that was up for discussion, but rather the efforts she put into looking good on court. And it was a conversation which left the rest of the press room in disbelief. “Outside of the court, when you go to a party, do you use make-up?” the reporter asked. “Do you like to go elegant and smart and so on?" To compound matters, the journalist then dug a deeper hole by offering an explanation for the two questions. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic 'disrespected' at French Open as coach launches bitter tirade - 'no reason' “Because many players we have seen in the past, they were staying hours in front of the mirror before going on court and using the make-up and you seem very natural like this." A perplexed Swiatek replied: “OK. Thank you.” Tennis broadcaster Catherine Whitaker posted a transcript of the exchange on Twitter, and left followers in little doubt over. what she thought of it: "Here’s a thing that World Number One and freshly crowned French Open Champion Iga Swiatek was asked in her press conference today," she said. DON'T MISS:Rafael Nadal's uncle happy if Spaniard loses French Open to Ruud after snubbing own playerNovak Djokovic and coach so 'troubled' by French Open loss that they are yet to speakRafael Nadal hailed the 'Real Madrid of tennis' as size of task is not lost on Casper Rudd "Presenting without comment because there are no words." Whitaker did clarify that aside from the bizarre enquiry, the press conference was well conducted: "Thoughtful, pertinent questions from journalists and considered, insightful answers from Swiatek. Which is what the player, and the media deserves." The topic of respect for female players had already been raised during the French Open, following the comments of tournament director Amelie Mauresmo. She was forced to apologise for saying women's matches were less appealing than men's.