Tottenham boss Antonio Conte wants to make another four signings this summer as he closes in on Yves Bissouma as his third addition of the window. Spurs have already brought in Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster on free transfers and have reportedly now agreed a deal worth around £25million to sign Brighton midfielder Bissouma. But Conte still wants more new recruits and Express Sport look at four players who could satisfy the Italian's demands. Conte wants to bring in another forward to offer competition to Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski and Everton's Richarlison is his preferred option. The Brazilian, 25, seems to think it is time for a step up after four years with the Toffees. Richarlison scored 10 goals and provided five assists in 30 Premier League appearances in a relegation-battling Everton team last term and offers versatility up top. He can play as the centre-forward over Kane or as a left or right-sided winger. While Spurs may have to fork out £50m or so for him, Richarlison would be a serious upgrade on their current back-up offensive options. And at just 25 and eager to prove himself at a higher level, the South American may be the ideal new attacker for Conte. Conte wants to sign a creative midfielder and former Spurs playmaker Eriksen could be the ideal option. The Dane spent the second half of last season at Brentford in his emotional return to football after a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020, and he flourished with one goal and four assists in 11 games. The 30-year-old must now decide whether he wants to sign a longer-term deal with the Bees or a return to the Champions League. If he wants to play at the highest level again, Spurs would be the ideal destination despite his tumultuous move to Inter Milan in 2019 and he will be aware his old club are interested. Eriksen is versatile enough to be a central midfielder as well as a No 10 and could therefore fit into multiple systems under Conte. Signing him rather than spending £20m or £30m on an alternative midfielder, though his wages are likely to be high, would also allow funds to be concentrated elsewhere. As well as a new forward and a new midfielder, Conte wants two more defenders and Express Sport understands Spurs will firm up their interest in Djed Spence with a £20million bid. There had been reports a £20m fee is already agreed but that is not yet the case. The Middlesbrough right-back was brilliant on loan at Nottingham Forest last term and Spurs are hopeful £20m will be enough to bring in the England under-21 international who could be a perfect option in the right wing-back role. Still just 21, Spence has a long career ahead of him. And if Conte intends to stick with his wing-back formation at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, as is likely, Spence could become the long-term right-sided solution at a reasonable price. Spurs also want a left-sided centre-back this summer with Alessandro Bastoni having been the top target, but the Italian is staying at Inter Milan. Josko Gvardiol is a high-quality alternative but also seems keen to remain with RB Leipzig and could cost £70m. But Villarreal's Pau Torres is a long-time target for Spurs and they could revisit their interest in the Spanish international this summer. While Torres turned the Londoners down 12 months ago, they are a different proposition now under Conte and with Champions League football. Torres still fits the profile Spurs want and at 25 is experienced with plenty of years in him still. Giovani Lo Celso also had a successful loan spell with Villarreal last term and the La Liga side want to keep the Argentine. The Times say they are readying a £21m bid but Spurs want more which raises the possibility of a swap deal that would see Torres join Spurs in return for Lo Celso and cash.