Brandon Lewis revealed the Government was determined to press on with deportations that he claims will help solve the migrant boat crisis. And the Rwandan government yesterday pleaded for the "well thought out" scheme to be given a chance. A High Court judge last week rejected an attempt by rights campaigners and trade union leaders to have the flight halted, though an appeal is set to take place today. The flights, revealed in April under a £120million deal with President Paul Kagame's regime, have faced criticism. The Prince of Wales reportedly described the scheme as "appalling" in private comments that triggered a row with MPs who feel he should emulate the Queen and avoid political issues. Clarence House insisted last night the Prince of Wales had not tried to influence the Government. But last night a government source said they did not believe the Prince's reported comments were "remotely true". The insider added: "The Prime Minister has great affection and admiration for the Prince of wales." Lewis defended the migrant policy - and when asked if he was personally comfortable with the strategy, he replied: "Yes, I am actually." He said of the remarks attributed to Prince Charles: "I don't think it's appropriate to comment on what somebody says they might have heard without any context to it." "This policy will ensure modern slavery and these people smugglers know that their criminal methods will be broken down. It says, 'If you are a refugee, if you are an asylum seeker, if you are a legal migrant...we want to give you the support to properly help you be part of the UK way of life'. And that's right. People who are encouraging you to travel illegally are wrong, and we're going to break their business model." Rwanda's government spokeswoman Yolande Makolo said: "People need to give this partnership a chance. It's very well thought out. At the heart of this partnership is humanity." More than 10,000 people have made the perilous journey across the Channel so far this year. Home Secretary Priti Patel will this week launch an advertising blitz warning migrants if they enter the UK they could be sent Rwanda. She is also examining whether to cut funding to UN bodies that engage in legal action against the British Government.