Pippa Middleton and James Matthews share a fabulous home in Chelsea, West London. The six-bedroom mansion is valued at around £17million. Pippa's house is spread over five floors and has a lift that connects each level, a gym and an underground cinema. The property also has designated areas for staff. The Duchess of Cambridge's sister married James Matthews in 2017 but the couple had moved in together the previous year. Pippa decided to move into James’ house in 2016 when they began renovation works. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge where Prince Andrew will stay for the Jubilee  The renovation reportedly cost the couple around £1.2million. It is believed the development included a separate male and female dressing room linking to the main bedroom. Air conditioning was also installed but the most expensive part of the house renovation is believed to be the nursery. The room, which is likely to be the nursery for the new baby, is reportedly a luxurious space with views of the exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea.  Pippa and James are a very private couple and they rarely share snaps of the inside of their house. However, Pippa did allow a sneak peek into one of the rooms last Christmas when she posted an image of herself wearing a tree jumper, standing in front of her own Christmas tree. The tree had red and white decorations and was located in a room with cream walls. Why did Pippa and James decide to live in Chelsea with their children? Marsh & Parsons explained that "Chelsea’s townhouses, penthouse apartments and elegant mews houses have always attracted those in search of a prestigious address". "A well-heeled, international crowd snap up properties alongside young professionals and families to create that much sought-after sense of community. "Green spaces, riverside eateries, period properties and a flourishing foodie scene all come together to provide Chelsea residents with a decidedly luxe lifestyle. "Chic and stylish is very much the theme that connects the area’s bars, restaurants and boutiques. "Though the attractions in the surrounding area might make it difficult to tear yourself away, Sloane Square’s Underground Station opens up wider London via the Circle and District Lines." There are also many prestigious schools in the area, where Pippa takes her own children. Marsh & Parsons explained: "Families pick up homes in Belgravia, Burton Court and Cadogan Square to gain access to Ofsted-rated ‘Outstanding schools’, such as Christ Church CofE Primary School and St Joseph’s Catholic Primary School." Before moving to Chelsea, Pippa’s husband James Matthews used to live in Mayfair, in central London, where he owned a £1.3million townhouse.