Mr Bone erupted at Sky News's Sarah-Jane Mee during a fiery interview in which the Tory Brexiteer defended the record of Prime Minister Boris Johnson. After Ms Mee raised Brexit as an issue that Prime Minister had mishandled, Mr Bone slapped down the suggestion angrily. Mr Bone asked the Sky News presenter: "So which big cause did he get wrong?" Ms Mee answered: "Well I'm talking about Brexit, trying to renegotiate it..." "Well, Brexit is done!," fired back the Conservative MP. "You can't say that no"  "No come, one tell me which one he has got wrong," continued Mr Bone. "Tell me one big call he has got wrong! "Brexit, you cannot, cannot level that." It comes as Mr Johnson tries to shore up his leadership on Tuesday by setting out a raft of new policies to ministers after he narrowly survived a confidence vote that revealed the scale of the threat to his position.   Mr Johnson won the ballot of Conservative Party MPs on Monday evening by 211 votes to 148 - enough to avoid having to immediately resign but a larger than anticipated rebellion within his party that leaves him wounded and battling to win back the confidence of his colleagues and the general public. His first challenge is to convince his most senior allies, some of whom would have been likely to run to replace him if he had been forced out, that he will be able to move on from questions about his leadership. Mr Johnson thanked cabinet ministers for their support as he urged them to push through reforms to lower costs for consumers, businesses, and government. "We're able now to draw a line under the issues that our opponents want to talk about, and we're able to get on with talking about what I think the people in this country want us to," Johnson told his cabinet in televised remarks. DON'T MISS: Nadine Dorries blasts Remainer Hunt's leadership hopes [REPORT]Everyone who voted to oust Boris as MPs vote in no-confidence bid [REPORT]'Only serves is Labour!' Ann Widdecombe slams Tory MP no confidence [REPORT] Lawmakers in Johnson's party called the confidence vote after months of scandal over lockdown-breaking parties at the heart of Government and criticism of his response to an inflation-fuelled surge in the cost of living. At issue is Johnson's integrity. His opponents accuse him of being a habitual liar and he faces an investigation into whether he misled Parliament in his explanations over the series of parties held in Downing Street - his office and residence - while Britons were following strict lockdown rules during the COVID-19 pandemic. Police have fined him over one such gathering. Mr Johnson used the Cabinet meeting to set out his vision for the coming weeks, including new policies to reduce the cost of childcare and to help more people buy their own homes.