A quarter of a century in Formula 1 media has given Ted Kravitz a wealth of knowledge and insight on the sport. So naturally, followers flocked to Reddit when Sky Sports F1's pit lane reporter hosted a recent 'AMA' (Ask Me Anything) as he shared his experiences. The fan favourite discussed everything from his favourite tracks to nicest driver off-camera (it's still Damon Hill), as well as his most memorable paddock interviews. Former ITV and BBC reporter Kravitz also detailed which changes he might make to the sport that's propelled him into the spotlight. "Sounds about right," came Kravitz's response when asked if three races in the United States every year was enough. Las Vegas will join Miami and Austin as the third U.S. stop on the calendar next year, and Kravitz even suggested the sport "could do more." The 48-year-old is clearly in favour of F1's growing profile in the States, but his idea of the best course is located south of the border. Asked about his favourite track, Kravitz said Interlagos in Sao Paulo, Brazil, tops the billing. In terms of his domain, however, he specified the Hockenheimring in Germany is significant because he 'likes the old school pit lanes and paddocks.' He went on to name Austria, Hungary, Melbourne (Australia), Monza (Italy) and Suzuka (Japan) as being among his top locations, too. While Hill may be the nicest driver he knows, Kravitz wouldn't want to get stuck on a desert island with the 1996 world champion. That honour belongs to Sebastian Vettel, whom he would bring along "for the dad jokes" if nothing else. Vettel happened to also make the cut as Kravitz's team principal if he had to pick from the current grid of F1 drivers. Despite a disappointing campaign with Mercedes, Lewis Hamilton made the dream team as Kravitz's selection from the current crop of drivers. Francois Cevert received his nod as the best driver to have never won a world championship, meanwhile, having finished a career-best third in 1971.  The fact he would pick Hamilton suggests a certain confidence that Kravitz feels the Silver Arrows star and seven-time world champion could rescue the 2022 campaign. He'd avoid Brackley if able to choose a seat with any current F1 team, however, responding "the Ferrari looks nice." Kravitz saved another selection for his favourite driver, however, in fellow Briton and endurance driving ace Anthony Davidson. Davidson has competed infrequently in F1 and spent more than a decade as reserve and simulator driver for Mercedes, having also won the FIA World Endurance Championship in 2014. Recalling his favourite paddock moments, Kravitz picked out Michael Schumacher's record-extending seventh world championship in 2004, when he celebrated "on the roof of the Spa media centre." Few memories could rival the German's historic success in Belgium—another of Kravitz's favourite F1 locations—but the Sky F1 star will hope this season can produce moments worthy of challenging.