Tottenham are weighing up a move for Bayer Leverkusen defender Piero Hincapie after seeing their bid for Alessandro Bastoni fall through. Antonio Conte is keen to sign a new centre-back in the summer transfer window and Hincapie represents an achievable alternative to Bastoni. Bastoni played under Conte during Inter Milan’s Serie A-winning campaign of 2020/21 and is highly rated by the Spurs boss. Conte and Tottenham sporting director Fabio Paratici made a bid to sign the 23-year-old defender, but have reportedly come up short in their efforts. According to the Sunday Mirror, that has led them to consider Hincapie, who could now become the fourth summer signing at Spurs after the arrivals of Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster and Yves Bissouma. The 20-year-old has been on Tottenham’s radar for some time and is reportedly seen by the club as a player with ‘huge potential’. Like Bastoni, he is a left-sided centre-back and has impressed with Leverkusen since joining a year ago from Argentinian side Talleres. Hincapie has international experience to call upon too, having helped Ecuador qualify for the World Cup finals in Qatar in November. JUST IN: Liverpool 'make contact with Real Madrid' to test Ancelotti's resolve  The Sun says Leverkusen are braced for ‘several’ bids and have put a £34million price tag on their young star in an effort to ward off interest. Hincapie doesn’t appear to be the only name in the frame for Spurs this summer, with Frankfurt’s Evan Ndicka strongly linked recently, while Torino's Gleison Bremer, Villarreal’s Pau Torres and RB Leipzig’s Josko Gvardiol are also admired. Bastoni appeared an obvious choice for Spurs, given Conte’s relationship from his time with Inter, but the Italian international is happy to stay put. "I have two years of my contract with Inter, so I am relaxed,” he told Rai Sport about his future earlier this month.  “The club hasn't told me anything. I am just waiting to go on vacation after this and then start pre-season with Inter." Tottenham are keen to get their transfer business done early this summer and that has been clear already. Perisic and Forster have joined the club on free transfers from Inter Milan and Southampton respectively, while Bissouma was confirmed as a new signing from Brighton on Friday. Spurs have paid Brighton an initial fee of £25m for the Mali international, which could rise to £35m with performance-related add-ons. Bissouma’s arrival raises questions about fellow midfielders Harry Winks, Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso, who could all leave in the coming months. 