A 7700 squawk alert signifies a general emergency. The flight departed Sal International Airport, the main international airport of Cape Verde at 11:19pm (UTC) after being delayed from its initial departure time of 7:55pm (UTC).  The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner was en route to Bristol Airport and was estimated to land at 6:36am. According to Flightradar24, the flight has been diverted to Birmingham Airport (BHX). The flight radar map is showing that the flight has landed at the West Midlands airport. This follows weeks of traveller chaos across UK airports, with German travel giant TUI seeing hundreds of flights affected. The tour operator has previously apologised for delays and cancellations, adding they were doing "everything we can to limit any flight delays". They also advised travellers against arriving at departure airports too early, as this risked exacerbating waiting times. Going into Wednesday morning, thousands of passengers faced renewed disruption after budget airline EasyJet cut at least 35 flights on Tuesday. WizzAir axed a number of scheduled departures, with British Airways cutting 124 flights from Heathrow. READ MORE: Girl, 14, nearly dies on flight after man eats peanuts The worst affected airports are thought to be London's Gatwick and Luton terminals, as well as Bristol airport. Travel agents have warned the chaos may only grow as the UK heads into the summer travel season as staff shortages across the industry squeeze airports and airline capacity. Julia Lo Bue-Said, chief executive of the Advantage travel agency, said there were "no guarantees" the situation would improve in the next few weeks. She said: "Thirty percent of everything my members are dealing with right now are calls from very anxious holidaymakers who have bookings, whose travel plans, as far as we know right now, will take place, but they are anxious." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Bitter Tory rebels plot to scupper Boris's master plan [LIVE] Brexit POLL: Was leaving EU single market a mistake? [VOTE] Scale of Boris betrayal laid bare in stunning map - 90 rebels quiet [MAP] The Government has put the blame on the aviation sector for accepting more passenger bookings than operators can handle. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps last week said airlines had "seriously oversold flights and holidays", arguing the Government had done its bit to support the sector. But Mike Clancy, from the Prospect union, called the Government "culpable" for withdrawing pandemic support from the sector too quickly. He told the BBC: "Unless the government and employers can come up with a sustainable long term plan for the aviation industry, that supports jobs and skills, then it is hard to see the situation improving." 