Attendance Allowance is a benefit payment which is managed and handed out by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is available to those of state pension age in the UK, which is currently 66 but is expected to rise in the coming years. Pensioners who seek to claim this payment must have a long-term health condition or disability which affects them on a day-to-day basis. Specifically, the benefit payment helps towards paying for the extra costs that arise from having said condition or disability. Those who are blind or who have a sight impairment may be able to apply for the benefit payment depending on how their condition affects them. Recently, the DWP raised benefit payment rates with those who are eligible for Attendance Allowance now able to claim around £92 a week in support. In April 2022, the payment rate for various benefits, including Attendance Allowance and the state pension, were hiked in line with the rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation from last year. READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum As a result, Attendance Allowance payments were raised by 3.1 percent, however inflation is currently at nine percent. The benefit payment for state pensioners is awarded at two different rates, one higher and one lower. The higher rate is currently £92.40 a week while the lower weekly rate is £61.85 for people claiming Attendance Allowance. Someone who claims the full amount from the benefit scheme would get £369.60 every month.  How much a state pensioner gets from the bonus disability payment depends on the “severity” of their condition. On the Royal National Institute of Blind People’s (RNIB) website, information is provided for those who are looking to apply for Attendance Allowance. As part of its guidance, the institution asked the following hypothetical question: “Do I have to be registered blind or partially sighted to receive Attendance Allowance?” Answering the question, the charity stated: “No, you do not have to be registered as blind (severely sight impaired) or partially sighted (sight impaired) to claim Attendance Allowance. “It is how your sight affects your daily living that counts. Registration can provide evidence of how serious your sight problem is. “However, you can provide alternative evidence about your sight problem, such as a letter from your consultant or GP. "If your sight problem is making your life difficult, it is worth thinking about getting registered. This helps to make sure that you don't miss out on other help you can get.” People in receipt of the state pension who are interested in applying for Attendance Allowance to help with blind-related costs can do so via gov.uk website. Once going online, they can download and print an Attendance Allowance claim form which then must be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance.