England U19s begin their European Championship campaign on Sunday and will hope to replicate the success of the Three Lions side who won the tournament in 2017. It was a successful year for the country, with the U17s also winning the World Cup with a team that featured current internationals Phil Foden, Marc Guehi and Conor Gallagher. While the majority of that U17 team have gone on to enjoy remarkable starts to their senior careers, the U19s consisted of players who have also had plenty of success. Three were involved in Gareth Southgate’s recent senior squad, while two now play their international football for other nations. England defeated Portugal 2-1 in the final, with Chelsea ace Mason Mount playing a starring role in Georgia. Express Sport takes a look at which club each player now plays for. Aaron Ramsdale One of three of this squad who have played for the senior England team, Aaron Ramsdale moved to Bournemouth from Sheffield United in the summer of 2017. He became the Cherries’ number one via two loan spells, returned to Sheffield United and his impressive form saw him earn a £25m move to Arsenal last summer. Ramsdale displaced Bernd Leno and was one of the Gunners’ best players last term. His form for Arsenal has earned him his first three England caps and he is best placed to challenge Jordan Pickford for the No.1 shirt ahead of the Qatar World Cup. Dujon Sterling Chelsea stars tend to dominate England youth team squads and 2017’s U19 team was no different. Dujon Sterling was the starting right back for Keith Downing’s side. At senior level, Sterling has enjoyed loans at Coventry, Wigan and Blackpool but suffered an ankle ligament injury towards the end of last term. He has played twice for Chelsea’s first team and is understood to still be highly rated by Thomas Tuchel. Darnell Johnson Centre-back Darnell Johnson is one of a few in this team who are making their way back up the Football League after being released by a Premier League team. Let go by Leicester last summer, he joined Fleetwood after impressing during loans at Hibernian, Wigan and Wimbledon. Easah Suliman Birmingham-born Easah Suliman scored the opening goal in the final and has one of the most interesting stories of his England U19 colleagues. The defender is the only British-Asian to captain the Three Lions at any age group and qualifies to play internationally for Pakistan. After making one appearance for Aston Villa, he moved to Vitoria in Portugal and spent last season on loan at Nacional in Cristiano Ronaldo’s home region of Madeira. Now 24, Suliman is forging a career abroad. Jay Dasilva Captain Jay Dasilva was another Chelsea starlet but joined Bristol City in the summer of 2019. He had spent time on loan with the Championship side and at Charlton. The 24-year-old has played 106 for the Robins and went on to make 13 appearances for England U21s. He has been loosely linked with a Premier League move over the last few years but one has not materialised. DON'T MISS...Keys calls Pogba a 'virus' as he insists Man Utd 'well rid' of starYves Bissouma explains what he expects from Antonio Conte at TottenhamMan Utd 'focused on two other deals' in addition to De Jong transfer Tayo Edun The versatile former Fulham prospect Tayo Edun was sent off for a second booking late on in the final against Portugal. England managed to hold on, though, and Edun has enjoyed a successful Football League career to date. The Islington-born left back left Fulham for Lincoln City where he impressed during their rise into League Two. He has since made 21 appearances for Blackburn. Andre Dozzell Midfielder Andre Dozzell was highly-tipped for a move to the Premier League after making his Ipswich Town debut aged just 16. But a cruciate ligament injury hampered his progress and he now turns out for Queens Park Rangers following a transfer in 2021. Mason Mount Mount was named Player of the Tournament after helping guide England to glory. The Chelsea midfielder scored in the opening minute of the competition in a 2-0 group stage win over Bulgaria. Loans at Vitesse and Derby saw Mount wait patiently for a place in the Chelsea team, and he blossomed under Frank Lampard in West London. Now a key player for both club and country, Mount is the most capped at senior level among this squad with 31 appearances for Southgate’s side. Isaac Buckley-Ricketts Tricky winger Isaac Buckley-Ricketts was a highly-rated winger at Manchester City but some misfortune has seen him drop down the leagues. He left City in 2018 and joined Peterborough United, but failed to play for the Posh. He dropped into amateur football before a successful trial at Southport saw him move into the National League. Buckley-Ricketts spent last season on loan at Warrington Town in the seventh tier of English football. Ryan Sessegnon When a 16-year-old Ryan Sessegnon burst onto the scene at Fulham, he seemed destined to be a regular England international. The then-left winger scored 20 goals in his first two seasons in the Championship. But he struggled in a more conservative Fulham team upon promotion to the Premier League in 2018 and a subsequent £20m move to Tottenham has so far failed to work out. There were glimpses of Sessegnon starring in a wing-back role under Antonio Conte but the Italian is reportedly keen on signing a new player in the position. The now 22-year-old Sessegnon needs to kickstart his career to realise his early potential. Lukas Nmecha Striker Lukas Nmecha scored the winning goal in the final but now turns out for Germany in international football. Born in Hamburg, he moved to England at a young age and signed for Manchester City. He made two appearances for the Citizens but now plays for Wolfsburg, via loans at Preston, Wolfsburg, Middlesbrough and Anderlecht. The 23-year-old switched allegiance to Germany after appearing for England U21s and has six senior caps. Substitutes Nathan Trott Bermuda-born goalkeeper Nathan Trott had not even played as a shot-stopper until he turned 14. A left-back at Valencia, he moved back home to Bermuda before a chance encounter saw him move in goal. West Ham noticed his talent and he has been with the Hammers ever since. There was a relatively successful loan at Wimbledon, and he has spent this season in a similar deal at Nancy - although the club were relegated from Ligue 2. Reece James An unused substitute in the final, James has enjoyed a better career than many who started at the Tengiz Burjanadze Stadium. He has starred alongside Mount in a Chelsea team that has won the Champions League, and could start at right-back at the World Cup. The 22-year-old has already made 123 appearances for Chelsea and has played 13 times for the Three Lions. At youth level, there was some doubt about James’ best position but he has settled into a wing-back role at Stamford Bridge. At this point, though, Sterling was ahead of him at right back. Jacob Maddox Jacob Maddox is one of a few of this squad who have turned out for Portuguese club Vitoria. After leaving Chelsea via a development loan at Southampton, the 23-year-old moved across Europe in 2020. He spent last season on loan at League One Burton Albion. Josh Dasilva Attacking midfielder Josh Dasilva was at Arsenal at this point in his development but has now made over 100 appearances for Brentford and is a key member of Thomas Frank’s side. A long-term injury limited the 23-year-old to just nine Premier League appearances last term and he will hope to feature more prominently for the Bees next season. Marcus Edwards It was after a routine EFL Cup victory over Gillingham when then-Tottenham boss made the boldest claim of his career. He had handed a senior debut to 17-year-old winger Marcus Edwards and confidently compared the youngster to Lionel Messi. "The qualities - it's only looks, his body and the way that he plays - remember a little bit from the beginning of Messi. He’s small, he’s left-footed,” Pochettino said. That, surprisingly, was Edwards’ only appearance for Spurs. After finding first-team chances difficult to come by, he joined many young English players in moving abroad, moving to Vitoria. In January, he completed a transfer to Sporting Lisbon. Edwards has been excellent in Portugal and bagged 10 league goals for his two clubs last season. Ben Brereton Diaz Former Nottingham Forest forward Ben Brereton Diaz has enjoyed an incredible career since turning out for England U19s. Then known simply as Ben Brereton, he joined Blackburn from Forest in 2019 and has since switched international allegiance to Chile - thanks to a remarkable story involving Football Manager. Brereton Diaz - who adopted the family name of his mother after his Chile debut - has rubbed shoulders with Messi and Neymar at the Copa America and has enjoyed some excellent form with Blackburn. His 22 goals last season even earned him very loose links to Barcelona. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here