TV regular Neal McDonough joined the cast of Yellowstone’s second season as Malcolm Beck, another formidable business rival for ranch-owner John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner). Ahead of the wildly popular Paramount Network drama returning to screens this November, Neal has paid tribute to his iconic co-star. Actor Neal has given a touching tribute to A-lister Kevin following his recurring stint in the second season of Yellowstone. Neal was introduced alongside Terry Serpico as one-half of the Beck brothers, a pair of shrewd business partners who are desperate to get their hands on the Duttons’ land. Their schemes were, of course, unsuccessful, opening the way for Market Equities to swoop in on the ranch in the following seasons. “Taylor Sheridan wrote amazing characters,” Neal said of the showrunner’s hit series. READ MORE: Jane McDonald sparks frenzy with 'exciting' career announcement “He understands the cadence of an actor and how they actually speak.” The actor recalled a specific moment from his time on set when he was really allowed to let his performance as Malcolm fly. He told TV Insider: “For me to play Malcolm Beck, there is this one scene in my office. “[Taylor] wanted to pump it up a bit. He said, ’Let’s go again for an hour at the beginning of the day and tweak a couple of things.’” “We spent seven or eight hours reshooting that scene until he liked it. It ended up me throwing my desk over and smashing a flat-screen TV and crushing everything. Malcolm Beck just crumbles. “It was the genius of Taylor to let Malcolm really fly. He let me have the keys to the villain’s kingdom.” Neal went on to highlight Yellowstone’s lead actor Kevin’s performance as John Dutton, which has driven the series to success since its premiere in 2018. The two actors initially met when they worked on an action-adventure film which was released back in 2006. DON'T MISS:Succession’s Gerri star admits Brian Cox is ‘terrifying’ [INTERVIEW]Stranger Things theory: Vecna kills Eleven in foreshadowing clue [THEORY]Outlander star worlds away from Jamie Fraser in new role [LATEST] “I got to act across from Kevin Costner,” he said. “We worked on The Guardian many years ago. “Pound for pound the greatest actor on screen. I loved my time on that show.” His role in the series, unfortunately, came to an end when John and his men ended their feud with the Beck brothers in a violent shoot-out. John stood by his dying enemy before walking away as he bled out, although Neal remains convinced his character’s fate may not be so cut and dry. “Did I die? Did I?” Neal asked. “I’m not so sure about that. “We have talked about the fact we didn’t actually see Malcolm Beck’s eyes close. “There is always that possibility. My brother won’t be coming back for sure, but there is a possibility.” Neal’s name has yet to appear on the call sheet for Yellowstone season five, though there’s always a chance Malcolm could make a surprise return to cause more chaos for the ranch. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-4 will be available to stream on Paramount Plus when it launches in the UK later this year.