 The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined members of the Royal Family at St Paul’s Cathedral for a special Service of Thanksgiving on Friday, marking the couple’s first official royal outing since they stepped down from their senior positions in the Firm two years ago. Meghan and Harry arrived at the cathedral shortly before Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, who were followed by Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Queen Elizabeth II reluctantly pulled out of the Platinum Jubilee service having experienced “some discomfort” during her Trooping the Colour appearance on Thursday and was represented by her heir and eldest son, the Prince of Wales. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  Meghan and Harry arrived after Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Princess Anne and a group of non-senior working royals. In a seemingly purposeful move, the couple had their own procession down the aisle of St Paul’s. However, they were seated in the second row, behind the Wessexes and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, across the aisle from Charles, Camilla and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Tina Brown, author of the new, best-selling book ‘The Palace Papers’, has claimed the seating arrangements proved Meghan and Harry have “slipped to supporting players”.  Ms Brown told The Daily Beast on Friday: “The seating definitely declared they have slipped to supporting players, buried in the royal B-list.” The Sussexes and Cambridges were not seen interacting or even making eye contact during the service. Russell Myers, the royal editor at the Daily Mirror, has claimed the atmosphere was “very frosty”. He told the Australian morning programme Sunrise on Saturday: “It was very, very frosty inside the church.  "You could cut the atmosphere with a knife. The brothers didn't lock eyes or make eye contact at all. "Harry was craning his neck to look at William and William didn't look back at him. "I think there's still a lot of bad atmosphere going on and there needs to be a bit more water under the bridge until those brothers come back together." It is understood that William and Harry had not seen each other since July last year ahead of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS The Queen grew up in a 'palace with a number and no name' - see inside [PICS] Harry to be 'out of place and bewildered' when he returns to UK [EXPERT]Monarch delighted over Sussex return as Queen 'adores' Harry [CLIP]  The brothers’ relationship has been particularly strained since Meghan and Harry’s shock exit and their subsequent tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. The so-called “Fab Four” did not reunite during the Sussexes’ UK visit in April as William and Kate were on a family vacation in France at the time. Meghan and Harry arrived in Windsor on Wednesday evening and were spotted briefly in the windows of Buckingham Palace on Thursday during Trooping the Colour. They were excluded from the iconic royal scene during the celebration, explicitly not invited to the Palace balcony appearance with the Queen and were not present at any of the beacon lighting ceremonies around the country. On Saturday, the couple are expected to maintain their low profile and avoid public events. Instead, they are reportedly hosting their own private party to celebrate their daughter’s first birthday.  The Sussexes’ two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana — are in the UK, but have not been seen publicly since their arrival. Even the baby’s namesake, the Queen herself, will reportedly attend the party, after having already met Lili on Thursday and her absence from the Royal Derby at Epsom Downs being confirmed by the Palace.  However, Kate and William will not attend the birthday celebrations as they are undertaking another royal appearance — the Platinum Jubilee Celebration Concert at Cardiff Castle in Wales, 130 miles away from Frogmore Cottage. It remains unknown whether Meghan and Harry will attend the remaining Jubilee events.