The bodies were discovered inside a tractor-trailer in San Antonio on Monday. The Texas Governor took to Twitter to hit out at the US President following the horror incident. Mr Abbott said: "These deaths are on Biden. "They are a result of his deadly open border policies. "They show the deadly consequences of his refusal to enforce the law." However, Beto O'Rourke, the Democratic candidate running against Mr Abbott, called for "urgent action to dismantle human smuggling rings and replace them with expanded avenues for legal migration". JUST IN: Joe Biden faces 'crucial test' with Turkey and Germany at NATO summit in Madrid He tweeted: "This is devastating. Our thoughts go out to the families of those who lost their lives in San Antonio today. "We need urgent action — dismantle human smuggling rings and replace them with expanded avenues for legal migration that reflect our values and meet our country’s needs." The discovery is one of the most deadly recent incidents of human smuggling along the US-Mexico border. A San Antonio Fire Department official said they found "stacks of bodies" and no signs of water in the truck, which was found next to railroad tracks in a remote area on the city's southern outskirts. READ MORE: Brexit Britain lauded for 'leading the way' on Ukraine crisis Sixteen other people found inside the trailer were transported to hospitals for heat stroke and exhaustion, including four minors, but no children were among the dead, the department said. San Antonio Fire Chief Charles Hood said: "The patients that we saw were hot to the touch, they were suffering from heat stroke, exhaustion. "It was a refrigerated tractor-trailer but there was no visible working A/C unit on that rig." Temperatures in San Antonio, which is about 160 miles (250 km) from the Mexican border, swelled to a high of 103 degrees Fahrenheit (39.4 degrees Celsius) on Monday with high humidity. DON'T MISS:When will Remoaners admit that Brexit is working? asks CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Brexit revenge! EU punishes British scientists who refused to quit UK [REACTION]Brexit border tech fix hailed by Irish firm - 'Surprised was dismissed!' [INSIGHT] The city's Police Chief William McManus said it was the largest incident of its kind in the city. He added that three people were in custody following the incident, though their involvement is not yet clear. A spokesperson for US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said that its Homeland Security Investigations division was investigating "an alleged human smuggling event" in coordination with local police. The incident highlights the challenge of controlling migrant crossings at the US-Mexico border, which have reached record highs. The issue has proven difficult for Mr Biden who came into office in January 2021 pledging to reverse some of the hardline immigration policies of his Republican predecessor Donald Trump. Republicans have criticized Democrat Mr Biden's border strategy ahead of the midterm elections in November. 