Rafael Nadal has come under fire from cyclists for admitting he had injections in his foot en route to his 14th French Open title at Roland Garros. The 'King of Clay' again defied the odds in Paris, coming through a gruelling five set match with Felix Auger-Aliassime before beating Novak Djokovic in a marathon quarter-final encounter. He was then on court for three hours with Alexander Zverev before the German star was forced to retire with injury, meaning the Spaniard went through to a final with Casper Ruud. And Nadal, 36, was ruthless as he dispatched the Norwegian in straight sets. However, his Wimbledon participation is now in some doubt, having clearly struggled throughout the tournament with the foot problem which prematurely curtailed his 2021 campaign. And when asked by Eurosport presenter Barbara Schett how many anaesthetic injections, which are permitted in tennis, he had received during the event, Nadal replied: “It's better that you don't know.” But that exchange was pounced upon by French cyclist Thibaut Pinot, who tweeted “Today’s heroes…” in what appeared a dig at Nadal. And when asked to explain his views, he hit out at the fact that the medical exemptions afforded to Nadal are not available in his own sport. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu 'unlikely' to play Wimbledon as leading doctor speaks out on injury “Because I have my convictions, a way of seeing sport and sports performance differently than yours maybe? My tweet which is causing so much reaction fell on Nadal but it could have been a golfer, horse rider, handballer, basketball player, fencer, rugby player, weightlifter, skier, footballer, surfer, cyclist, etc… “In no case his career or his talent are called into question here. We see too many athletes using this kind of practice in recent weeks. The methods [used by Nadal] are simply prohibited in my sport, which is unfortunately so decried. Here is a little more precision on the sadness of my tweet.” DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic under extra pressure to win Wimbledon again because of two playersAlexander Zverev 'to miss Wimbledon' as timeline for French Open horror injury emergesAndy Murray off to winning start at Stuttgart Open as he ramps up Wimbledon preparations He's not the only cyclist unhappy about the saga, with compatriot Guillaume Martin telling L'Equipe: “While people praise Nadal for being able to go this far in pain. I believe that [AC Milan forward] Zlatan Ibrahimovic also spoke about his knee injections." And he questioned why those who were afforded exemptions were then hailed by sports fans: “They pass for heroes because they go far in pain, but in fact, they use substances to go far in pain and again, it’s very borderline."