A study published in PubMed.gov entitled the evaluation of daily ginger consumption for the prevention of chronic diseases in adults, a cross-sectional study, looked at how it affected hypertension. The aim of the study was to assess daily ginger consumption and explore its correlation with chronic diseases among adults and to analyse further how different levels of ginger intake affect the prevalence of chronic diseases. It examined the prevalence rate of chronic diseases including diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease, hyperlipidemia, cerebrovascular disease, fatty liver, anaemia, and tumour, as well as the daily ginger intake in a large cross-sectional study. In all, 4628 participants, 1823 men and 2805 women, ages 18 to 77 years old completed face-to-face dietary and health questionnaires.  Overall, daily ginger consumption was associated with decreased risk for hypertension. It states: “These data indicate that ginger has a potential preventive property against some chronic diseases, especially hypertension and CHD, as well as its ability to reduce the probability of illness.” As well as consuming more ginger, there are also some other dietary tips which may help. Indeed, the Mayo Clinic says: “Eating a diet that is rich in whole grains, fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products and skimps on saturated fat and cholesterol can lower your blood pressure by up to 11 mm Hg if you have high blood pressure.” READ MORE: Bowel cancer: Is your poo closer to black or brown? The shade that can be a sign of cancer  The organisation says even a small reduction in the sodium in your diet can improve your heart health and reduce blood pressure by about 5 to 6 mm Hg if you have high blood pressure. Blood Pressure UK explains: “Salt makes your body hold onto water. If you eat too much, the extra water in your blood means there is extra pressure on your blood vessel walls, raising your blood pressure.” The NHS says: “Regularly drinking too much alcohol can raise your blood pressure over time.” Moreover, physical activity can help reduce your risk of heart and circulatory disease and reduce blood pressure and cholesterol.   High blood pressure often has no symptoms, and many people who have high blood pressure do not know it, according to the NHS. If you are over the age of 40, the health body says you should be getting it checked every five years. As many as five million adults in the UK have undiagnosed high blood pressure, so will not know that they are at risk, according to the British Heart Foundation.  Blood pressure is defined as the force put on your blood vessels and organs as blood is pumped around your body by your heart. Blood pressure is recorded with two numbers. The systolic pressure, higher number, is the force at which your heart pumps blood around your body. The diastolic pressure, lower number, is the resistance to the blood flow in the blood vessels. The NHS says: "Blood pressure readings between 120/80mmHg and 140/90mmHg could mean you're at risk of developing high blood pressure if you do not take steps to keep your blood pressure under control." 