Delays and cancellations have plagued airports since the lifting of lockdown in the UK, with hundreds of flights cancelled at the last minute due to staffing shortages. For one family from Manchester, the chaos they experienced was “horrendous”, when after a day of waiting they had to fork out for a hotel - only to then have their entire holiday cancelled and money wasted. Mum of three Fiona Mulligan had been waiting for two years to take her family on holiday to Greece, so when they finally got the chance, they “went all out” on a week away, she told Express.co.uk. Having already heard about delays and long queues, Ms Mulligan, her husband, and their three children - aged eight, five and three - arrived very early for their TUI flight, getting to Manchester Airport at 4am. Even then, however, the queues were “unbelievable”. Ms Mulligan said: “I just thought, I’m with three kids, what am I going to do? It took about three and a half hours just to check in our bags.” After another hour-long queue in security, they had no time to buy food for the children before they had to rush to their gate, before waiting on the plane for three and a half hours. Ms Mulligan said: “It was so hot on the plane. It was a very stressful situation. “When they finally finished loading our baggage on the plane there was a big cheer from everyone. “Then suddenly they started taking our baggage off. The crew had reached their time limit so they could no longer fly, so they just said right, the flight is cancelled.” They and the other passengers were sent back to the terminal, where there were “no staff” she could speak to. “We were a plane full of people with nowhere to go,” she said. “People were getting very angry at this point”. After another two and a half hours spent waiting, they were finally told that their flight had been rescheduled to the following morning. They were told by TUI that they could not be offered a hotel in the area, as they were all fully booked. The mum-of-three's car was not available as they had already paid for a car park spot for it for the week, and so they were forced to book a hotel themselves, and finally get some food for the kids. TUI have offered to cover their expenses, although Ms Mulligan says this has yet to come through. READ MORE: 'Soggy suitcases!’ Luggage rolls of P&O Cruise liner into sea [REVEAL] The beleaguered mother said: “It cost about £350, so not even covered by the £150 - which we haven’t yet received.” The following day, the family returned to the airport ready for their rescheduled flight and desperate to get on their holiday. But once they reached duty free, Ms Mulligan’s husband received a text from TUI with awful news: they would not be going to Greece. The message read: “We are really sorry for the disruption to your journey. “Due to operational reasons the aircraft operating your flight today is smaller than originally scheduled which resulted in us having to remove some of our customers from today’s flight. “We are sorry to confirm that you are one of these bookings.” The airline also offered a further £350 in compensation - which Ms Mulligan said she has also not yet received. DON'T MISS: Spain holiday warning: Killer whale late-night attack [REVEAL]easyJet holiday warning for Italy travel [INSIGHT]Airport travel chaos 'will last 18 months and ruin summer holiday' [ANALYSIS] She also says TUI have yet to supply the necessary documents for her to claim the money for the hotel back through holiday insurance. “It was quite a lot of money,” she said. “We went all out, we haven’t been on holiday for two years. “The frustration is so hard to deal with. It makes me so angry - and it feels like we haven’t had a chance to speak.” She added that they would not be able to plan a holiday again for a while, as her husband is a teacher and can only go away during term holidays. A spokesman for TUI said: "We’re very sorry to hear about Mrs Mulligan’s flight to Heraklion which was cancelled due to operational issues. "Unfortunately, due to demand in the local area, we were unable to source hotel accommodation on this occasion and asked customers to claim travel expenses with us on their return home. "We have contacted Mrs Mulligan directly to advise her that she will be receiving a refund and compensation for her cancelled flight. Refunds are processed within 14 days. We’d like to thank her for her patience and understanding."  Manchester Airport advised that responsibility for the bag check-in queue and the decision to cancel Ms Mulligan’s flight lay with TUI.