Today, Kate Middleton visited Little Village's hub in Brent to hear about how the baby bank is supporting local families. For the occasion she went for a white chic blazer, white blouse and wide-legged black trousers. Kate looked classic in a white top tucked into some wide-legged floor-length trousers. Over her white top she wore a fitted white blazer, a new style favourite of the Duchess. This was reportedly the £49.99 Long Blazer with Inverted Lapel Collar in Ecru. She accessorised with a white clutch. To accentuate her legs she opted for a pair of suede black pumps. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia step out in the same dress She kept jewellery and makeup to a minimum for this daytime visit. Aside from her stunning sapphire engagement ring, Kate went for subtle gold drop earrings. These were the Kiki Classic Citrine Pear Drop Earrings in Yellow Gold, priced at £550. As for makeup, the Duchess boasted a smokey eye and pale pink lip. She wore a little blush on her cheeks for that gorgeous Kate glow. This isn't the first time Kate has stepped out in a chic white blazer. At the Platinum Party at the Palace on June 4, Kate honoured the Queen wearing a white dress with a blazer feature. The Self-Portrait dress was retailed at £400. It boasted shoulder pads for additional structure. Kate's Jubilee weekend white blazer look was dressier than today's ensemble, with the Duchess pairing it with statement hoop earrings. It is indisputable that the Duchess of Cambridge rocks a white blazer. In fact, ever since Kate and Meghan stepped out wearing this wardrobe staple, searches for 'white women's blazer' have rocketed by 100 percent, according to new research by New Look. Personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Duchess' love of a white blazer. "Kate often favours a white jacket, blazer or suit." Speaking about a previous Kate look, the stylist said: "She has been seen in a white waffle fabric blazer from Zara. "This is a really classic shape as it has a beautifully fitted waist with a flattering curved front hem. "She put a simple white T-shirt underneath and the smooth fabric of the T-shirt contrasted nicely with the waffle texture of the blazer." But you don't have to be royal to pull off a chic white blazer. Melissa stated: "I’d consider it a wardrobe staple as it’s infinitely flexible and can be worn with many different items. "A white trouser suit is an excellent buy because you can then break the two pieces apart and use them as separates, which gives you more bang for your buck." She advised: "In general, white looks great when it’s paired with other neutral colours – nude, sand, black, navy etc and accessorised with neutrals (nude, taupe, natural snake print or metallics) and some bling jewellery." @N21567948N took to Twitter to praise the fashionable Duchess: "Gosh! She’s a hard worker. I don’t know how she does it and always with a beautiful smile."