George Russell has dismissed Christian Horner's suggestion that drivers are being told to over-exaggerate and 'bitch' about the painful effects of porpoising to try and force through changes. Several drivers were outspoken about harsh bouncing in their cars throughout the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Speaking before Sunday's race, Toto Wolff even indicated that Lewis Hamilton wouldn't be able to finish the race due to the pain caused to his back. The seven-time world champion was able to finish and come home in fourth, but was noticeably in serious pain when he tried to get out of the car. Hamilton complained of a bad back throughout the race and was hunched over in the media pen regularly trying to stretch out his injury. The 37-year-old wants things to change and he's not alone with Russell, Carlos Sainz and Daniel Ricciardo all among the drivers to speak out. But Horner has attracted some attention for his view on the issue after he admitted he would tell his drivers to "bitch as much as they could over the radio and make as big an issue out of it as they possibly could" if they were suffering from porpoising. Red Bull seemingly have a handle on the porpoising issue that has plagued most F1 teams this year while also putting together a car regularly challenging for race wins. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton back injury claim made ahead of Canadian GP - 'unlikely  However, Russell has dismissed Horner's suggestion that complaints are a tactical ploy to bring everyone back to a level playing field. "No one is saying this to try and gain any advantage," he told Sky Sports F1. "You've got the Ferrari drivers, and even Max [Verstappen] saying how tough it is. "You've either got porpoising and the car is hitting the ground or you have to run the car millimetres, perhaps one centimetre, above the ground and you're smashing the bumps. "So whichever way you've got it, it's not great for anyone. Something will happen. There's no doubt about it. But I don't know what the solution is, to be honest. At the end of the day, the majority of us are in the same boat." DON'T MISS  Speaking at the weekend in Baku, Russell claimed that a "major incident" isn't far away unless changes are made soon. “It is definitely dangerous and it is just a matter of time before we see a major incident,” Russell said. “It is brutal. We are being shaken to pieces and I can barely see where to brake at the end of the straight because we are bouncing around so much. I don’t think we are the only car. “A lot of us can barely keep the car in a straight line over the bumps. We are going round the last two corners at 200mph, with concrete walls either side of us, which is not a comfortable position to be in. “It is unnecessary, with the technology that we have, that we are running a Formula One car millimetres from the ground. It is a recipe for disaster. I don’t know what the future holds but we cannot sustain this for three more years or however long these regulations are in place for."