The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's decision to return to the UK to mark the Platinum Jubilee in person could help bridge the gap reportedly still existing between Meghan, Harry and the Firm, royal commentator Martin Townsend said. The senior specialist partner at Pagefield communication told Express.co.uk: "Obviously there has been a lot of quarrelling in the past but perhaps it is possible this Jubilee will help calm things down." ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Asked if Meghan and Harry's decision to travel back to the UK for the Jubilee could represent an olive branch, the former editor at the Sunday Express said: "Yes, I think that's exactly what it is. "The Queen isn't getting any younger, and the Duke of Edinburgh is not there anymore. "I think when a key member of the Royal Family passes on like the Duke of Edinburgh the family does tend to pull together a little bit." However, Mr Townsend added tensions may continue to exist among certain members of the Royal Family due to Meghan and Harry's exit as working royals as well as some of their comments made regarding the Firm over the past months. He said: "There is always going to be some kind of friction there because of Harry going off to America and seeming to turn his back on the family and criticising it, so there is always going to be some amount of tensions but like in all families, time is a great healer, so if they come and join in it will play a big part in uniting the family a bit more." Meghan and Prince Harry officially stepped down as full-time working royals at the end of March 2020, a few weeks after they had announced their intention to carve out new progressive roles for themselves while remaining within the royal fold. This bombshell statement released in January, quickly branded as "Megxit" by royal watchers and commentators, left Prince William so furious he said he would not sit with his brother during the Sandringham meeting held in January 2020 to thrash out the Sussexes' exit deal, royal biographer Robert Lacey claimed in his book Battle of Brothers. READ MORE: Kate and William to miss Lilibet's first birthday Following Meghan and Harry's royal exit, the couple and their son Archie Harrison relocated to California. In late 2020, they announced they had signed deals with Netflix and Spotify to create video and audio content. They also launched their new organisation, Archewell, comprising two production powerhouses and a non-profit foundation. In early 2021, the Duke and Duchess sat down for an interview with Oprah Winfrey, during which they made damaging allegations against the Firm which reportedly widened the gap between them and key royals such as Prince Charles and Prince William. In all their public appearances and interview, Meghan and Harry stressed their relationship with the Queen had remained very good even after Megxit and their relocation to the States. Indeed, the monarch was not criticised by the Sussexes, with Meghan recalling just how "wonderful" Her Majesty had always been to her and Harry speaking of a deep understanding he shares with his grandmother. In April, Meghan and Harry paid a visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle while on their way to The Hague to attend the Invictus Games. Speaking about their meeting a few days later in an interview with US journalist Hoda Kotb, Harry said: "Being with her, it was great. It was just so nice to see her. "You know, she's on great form." He also briefly spoke about his special relationship with the sovereign. Harry said: "Her sense of humour and her ability to see the humour in so many different things. "We have a really special relationship. We talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else, so that is always a nice peace to her." Prince Harry and Meghan announced last month they are travelling back to the UK with their children Archie and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. This trip will present the occasion to members of the Royal Family to meet in person Lili for the first time, as the tot has never travelled across the pond before. Moreover, Lili will celebrate her first birthday in the midst of the Jubilee, on June 4. While no announcement on this has been made, the Sussexes may decide to hold a private gathering with their immediate family to properly introduce their daughter to the Firm. The Queen, who is not believed to be attending the Epsom Derby in person on the day, may be able to be in attendance. On the other hand, Kate and Prince William have been tasked to visit Cardiff on Saturday, which could create a diary clash with the party.