Gabriel Jesus is keen to stay in the Premier League next season and would prefer to leave Manchester City for Arsenal than their north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur. Mikel Arteta is closing in on his No 1 summer transfer target, but Tottenham and Ligue 1 champions Paris Saint-Germain are waiting in the wings. Jesus is looking to leave Man City six years after joining as a teenager in a £27million deal from Palmeiras. Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez's arrivals will increasingly limit minutes next term, and Pep Guardiola is understood to be willing to sanction departures for those who want them. According to the Daily Star, negotiations over Jesus' Arsenal switch are advanced, with Arteta eager to reunite with the 25-year-old after their successful relationship in Manchester. After completing the £30m signing of FC Porto playmaker Fabio Viera on Tuesday, Jesus could be his next addition. The report claims that Tottenham are monitoring the situation as Antonio Conte hopes to continue his summer recruitment spree with a new forward. However, Jesus would prefer to join Arsenal, where he'd be confident in more regular football among less competition than in Conte's squad. JUST IN: Liverpool 'could still sign another attacker' but Pulisic not a target Arsenal have aborted a planned move for Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin due to doubts over his form and fitness last season. And he has become even less of an enticing proposition since Jesus' summer availability emerged after Man City agreed a £51m deal for Haaland. Jesus could be Arteta's answer to replacing Alexandre Lacazette in a central role ahead of the Frenchman's free transfer to Lyon on July 1. Eddie Nketiah putting pen to paper on a new contract is an almighty boost, replacing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and inheriting his No 14 shirt. READ MORE: Sadio Mane names two Liverpool stars who will fill void after exit Jesus will not only bolster Arteta's striker options but also proved he can play at a high level on the right-wing at the Etihad Stadium last season. His versatility would be valuable throughout a hectic campaign, intensified by Arsenal's return to European competition at the mid-season World Cup in Qatar. Vieira and the Brazil international aren't the only planned attacking acquisitions ahead of the 2022-23 campaign. Jesus' compatriot, Leeds United winger Raphinha, was a subject of a formal bid from the Gunners on Tuesday. Despite its instant rejection, an improved offer is expected to follow, but Tottenham are also ready to battle for his signature if they miss out on Jesus. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here