Oscar-winner Emma Thompson will be returning to the big screen as part of the ensemble cast of Matilda the Musical, joining the likes of Lashana Lynch and Stephen Graham in the highly-anticipated adaptation. A first-look of Emma in character as the ruthless Miss Trunchbull has now been released as part of the musical’s trailer and it’s safe to say the hosts of ITV’s Good Morning Britain couldn’t believe it was the 63-year-old. The discussion came as Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid welcomed entertainment correspondent Richard Arnold to the show. After a quick rundown of the latest Love Island news, Richard Arnold turned his attention to the new Matilda trailer. Fans not only got to see Emma as the iconic Miss Trunchbull for the first time but also saw youngster Alisha Weir take on the title role. As the trailer came to an end on GMB, Richard Arnold said: “Emma Thompson, of course… unrecognisable!” READ MORE: 'Unspeakable' Prince Andrew savaged over 'cruel' treatment to Queen “The prosthetics,” Richard Madeley weighed in, stunned by the actor’s transformation. “Yeah! What a jawline, Dickie,” Richard Arnold replied, using his nickname for his GMB co-star. He continued: “I’d kill for those sort of implants here, right? Especially as we ripen with age.” The GMB reporter then went on to list the other big names set to star opposite Emma in the movie as well as their character details. He continued: “Andrea Riseborough also stars and Stephen Graham as Matilda’s parents. “With Lashana Lynch as Miss Honey,” he explained. Susanna then chipped into the discussion to express her excitement at seeing the latest adaptation. “Magic,” the GMB presenter weighed in. “I can’t wait to see it.” DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Carol KirkwoodDan Walker divides fans as he questions Stranger Things 'horror show'Sherwood fans blast 'awkward' scene 'Do we really need to see this?' Richard Arnold then revealed there are still a few months to go until it hit screens, however. “December 2 is the date for your diary,” he told his co-star. Richard Madeley then joked: “Emma Thompson’s a bit busy at the moment, isn’t she? She’s in everything!” “She doesn’t normally phone it in though, Richard, does she?” Richard Arnold quipped. “Unlike my good self!” Emma’s CV already boasts a number of high-profile roles which have made her a household name across the globe. Last year, Emma starred opposite Emma Stone in the big-screen adaptation of 101 Dalmations, Cruella. She also enjoyed a stint in HBO series Years and Years in 2019 as well as appearing on the big screen in the likes of Love Actually, Saving Mr Banks, Sense and Sensibility, and Beauty and the Beast. Matilda will arrive in UK cinemas later this year while it will be distributed by Netflix elsewhere on the planet. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.