PS Plus Premium has finally launched in the UK, and it's even better than expected thanks to an in-demand feature Sony is planning on rolling out. One of the big draws about PS Plus Premium is the Classics library that is included which offers up to 340 PS1, PS2, PS3 and PSP games to play, in addition to the up to 400 PS4 and PS5 games with PS Plus Extra and the free monthly games and ability to play multiplayer online available with PS Plus Essential. In terms of the PS1 library, there was one thing that retro game lovers had feared though. And that's how fast these games would be running at. As with the PlayStation Classic Console, there were fears that the retro PS1 games included in the service wouldn't run that well if 50Hz PAL versions were provided. To help with the jargon, essentially original PAL PS1 games run at 50Hz frame rates while American PS1 games are at 60Hz. This means that the American releases run quicker, with PAL versions around 20 percent slower. When the PlayStation Classic Console launched some PAL games were included on the mini console, which appeared noticeably slower when running on modern day TVs. And there were fears we could have a bit of history repeating with PS Plus. Sony has been rolling out the revamped PS Plus at different dates regionally, and when the service first debuted in Asia some classic games available with Premium were the slower PAL versions. Thankfully though, Sony has now confirmed that PS Plus Premium will be getting 60Hz options for the "majority" of Classics games in a wide range of regions including the UK. On the PS Plus UK launch day the official PlayStation Twitter confirmed: "We’re planning to roll out NTSC options for a majority of classic games offered on the PlayStation Plus Premium and Deluxe plan in Asia, Europe, Middle East, India, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand regions." The PS Plus Premium library boasts some iconic PS1 games including the original Syphon Filter, Tekken 2 and Ape Escape. And, in a bonus to trophy hunters it has been confirmed that trophy support will be available for certain classic games. For anyone thinking of signing up to the new PS Plus, there's one important thing to bear in mind. While PS Plus Premium is more expensive each month than Xbox Game Pass Ultimate, it works out as cheaper if you pay for a year upfront. PS Plus Premium is priced at £13.49 per month, £39.99 for three months and £99.99 per year. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate is £10.99 per month but you don't get an option to purchase yearly, so XGP Ultimate works out as more expensive over the course of 12 months.