Alexander Zverev has pulled out of next week’s pre-Wimbledon Halle tournament in Germany after sustaining a horror ankle injury during his French Open semi-final clash with Rafael Nadal. Zverev was forced off court in a wheelchair after rolling his ankle during the second set of the Paris showdown as Nadal ultimately went on to claim the title following victory over Casper Ruud in the final. Zverev was in fine form last week as he reached his second consecutive French Open semi-final. And he was giving Nadal a run for his money when disaster struck. The German had narrowly lost the opening set following a tiebreak and had forced a second set tiebreak following an excellent display of tennis. But as Zverev played his final shot of the 12th game, he lost balance and went over on his ankle as he let out an almighty scream. And his tournament was brought to a premature end. There are now doubts over whether the German will be fit enough to play at Wimbledon, which gets underway later this month. And the signs aren’t looking good as he won’t be taking to the court in his home country next week. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic 'cracking' as ex-tennis star points out one major change he's noticed   “Of course we would have liked to have seen him play in Halle but now it is important that he gets well again soon,” Halle tournament director Ralf Weber said on Monday. After sustaining his injury, Zverev took to Instagram to update his fans about his wellbeing. “I am now on my way back home,” the world No 3 wrote. “Based on the first medical checks, it looks like I have torn several lateral ligaments in my right foot. I will be flying to Germany on Monday to make further examinations and to determine the best and quickest way for me to recover. “I want to thank everyone all over the world for the kind messages that I have received since yesterday. Your support means a lot to me right now.” DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic's coach makes Wimbledon prediction after Rafael Nadal's French Open triumphRafael Nadal French Open glory causes tennis greats to change Novak Djokovic GOAT verdictRafael Nadal to have 'procedure' this week as French Open winner discusses Wimbledon plans    Zverev, who has reached the semi-finals of every Grand Slam apart from Wimbledon, was a runner-up in Halle in 2016 and 2017. But the 25-year-old won’t get the opportunity to go one better until next year at the earliest. “Well very tough and very sad for him,” Nadal said after his semi-final with Zverev was cut short. “Honestly, he was playing an unbelievable tournament - he’s a very good colleague on the tour. I know how much he’s fighting to win a Grand Slam but for the moment he was very unlucky and the only thing that I am sure is [that] he [is] gonna win not one, much more than one. So I wish him all the very best and very fast recovery.” 