Celebrity eyebrow artist Sarah Amelia Fogg has shared how to get your eyebrows looking like the Duchess of Cambridge’s. Kate’s eyebrows seem natural, but the Duchess reportedly uses certain products to achieve the perfect, thick arch. After studying Kate’s eyebrows, Sarah guessed what the Duchess does to make them look so impeccable. She said: “Kate’s brows always have a defined shape that embraces her natural arch. “The way her brow hair is so uniform suggests she opts for a lamination treatment, ensuring they always look perfectly groomed. “The best thing about brow lamination is that it gives a natural look, but I also think she has gone for a slight ombre effect as the bulbs of her brows are much stronger than the tails, which is perfect for keeping an ageless look. “However, as we get older, we lose hairs from the tail end of our brows, so I predict as Kate gets older her brow tails will slowly get a bit stronger to frame her face nicely. “Ultimately, Kate set the standard for brow goals over the Jubilee weekend.” Sarah shared her top tips for natural-looking eyebrows that highlight your face, like Kate’s. Firstly, the eyebrow artist recommended brushing up your brows, even though doing so might make them look a little strange.  She explained: “Everyone thinks brushing up your brows will make them a bit wild, and whilst it may look like that momentarily, it’s helpful to show you what you’re working with. “Make sure you have an appropriate brow brush, brow scissors, and tweezers before starting. “You want to gently brush up your brows in the direction of your natural hair growth, following your brow’s arch. “It’s so important to follow the arch of your brow at all times – especially when aiming for a ‘natural’ brow like Kate’s. “Once you’ve done this, you’ll be able to see if you have any rogue brow hairs on the outside of your brow that you may need to pluck or if you have any longer than the others that need a slight trim.” The next step is to add more colour to your brow to make them look fluffier – but in a natural way. Sarah said: “Using a brow gel with a colour that matches your natural hair colour, go over your brow hairs remembering to keep the tail soft. “If you want brows like Kate, keep the tail soft as overextending the tail end of your eyebrow can draw your face down. This is the secret to Kate’s defined and groomed look. “However, if you are a bit older, you need to add more colour to the tail end of the brow, but don’t go out of the growth. “As we get older, we lose a lot of the hair in our brow tails so you need to add more colour to the tails to frame your face, which is what I predict Kate will be doing in the future. “If you find that the brows are a bit sparse at this stage, then take the time to fill in the gaps – this again will add to the defined look.” The third and last step to perfect brows is to use a clear brow gel to hold the hair in place. “After your brows are shaped and coloured, they should look perfectly defined, shaped and natural,” Sarah explained. “Now you can use a strong clear gel that fixes the brow hairs in place – go over the entire brow but focus mostly on the area that needs defining the most, which is the bulb and the arch. “Remember, keep the front of the brow soft, and the tail with very little product.”