Arsenal technical director Edu is reportedly wary of making a new offer for Leeds United star Raphinha. Chelsea are widely reported to have agreed a fee with Leeds for the Brazilian and are set for crunch talks over personal terms. Arsenal were seemingly leading the race for Raphinha at the beginning of this week. But Chelsea have now moved in front of both the Gunners and Barcelona after agreeing a fee in excess of £55million. Arsenal made an offer for Raphinha earlier this month but it was way less than what Leeds were demanding for the player. The bid was rejected but Mikel Arteta's side remained interested in a deal. However, Chelsea's movement has led to a change of tack from transfer chief Edu. CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs claims Edu is now wary of submitting a new offer to Leeds. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plan De Jong unveiling, Spurs medical latest, Raphinha meeting  The former Arsenal midfielder first wants clarity from Raphinha's agent Deco. Edu wants to know if he would be wasting his time with a second offer, especially if Raphinha would prefer to join Chelsea. Raphinha is yet to decide the club he wants to sign for. Barca are thought to be his preferred destination but the financial situation at the La Liga club makes that deal difficult. He agreed personal terms with Barca several months ago but they need more time to raise the funds required to match Leeds' asking price. Chelsea have offered the 25-year-old a five-year contract and are now waiting for his response. Jacobs says Chelsea have to act fast after agreeing a fee with Leeds and are speaking to Deco today (Thursday). They are aiming to thrash out personal terms with Raphinha in the next couple of days. DON'T MISSMan Utd fail in bid to sign Frenkie de Jong £75m-rated partner in crimeMan Utd once rejected Neymar swap deal with PSG as talk of Premier League transfer growsNewcastle fans revel in Hugo Ekitike twist as 'underhand tactic' leaves star red-faced  Arsenal, meanwhile, are set to announce the signing of Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City imminently. The Gunners will pay £45m after agreeing a deal with the reigning Premier League champions. The striker is set to become the Gunners' third signing of the summer. Fabio Vieira has been the most expensive acquisition so far in a deal that could rise to £34.2m. Brazilian youngster Marquinhos and USA goalkeeper Matt Turner have both also signed permanent deals at the Emirates. Arteta is still in the market for a defender, with a second offer having been made for Ajax's Lisandro Martinez. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 