Nearly half (48 percent) of UK adults say they are using less motor fuel than a year ago according to the latest research from car insurance giants Aviva. The same amount now use their vehicles for essential journeys only as record prices remain. Two in five drivers are walking rather than driving and one in six is using public transport instead of their car. And the prices are affecting driving styles, with nearly a quarter reducing their speed. Almost a quarter of drivers accelerate and brake more softly to save fuel. The findings tie in with Aviva’s driver data, which reveals an improvement in smooth driving. READ MORE: Motorists advised to use fuel-saving trick when at the petrol station Matthew Washer, Head of Connected Motor at Aviva, said: “The survey results give a fascinating insight into how people are changing their driving behaviour. “They also correspond with our own driving data relating to Aviva customers, which reveals a visible improvement in smooth driving between March and May 2022, compared to the same period in 2021 and 2020. “As fuel prices reach an all-time high, drivers can take some comfort from the fact that by driving more smoothly and attentively, they will not only be saving fuel and money, but helping to make the roads safer and reducing their impact on the environment.” To help motorists save money on driving, Aviva has put together some top tips to cut down on fuel use. DON'T MISSNew 2022 Range Rover Sport unveiled [FIRST LOOK]Incredible array of supercars make their debut at Goodwood [PICTURES]Drivers to be fined £160 from today for straying into cycle lanes [WARNING] Shop around: As you drive, note which filling stations are the cheapest and stop there when you’re passing. Tyre pressure: If your tyres are under-or over-inflated, your fuel won’t be taking you as far as it should. Check the manufacturer’s recommendations and make sure they’re pumped up to the right pressure, according to your vehicle’s load. Lighten the load: Every excess pound your car is carrying can decrease your fuel economy, so remove any junk and keep only important items like the hydraulic jack, early warning devices and any tools you might need in an emergency. Fuel’s heavy, too: If you tend to make short trips, it might be worth running your car with the tank a quarter full and topping up often with small amounts. Don’t be a drag: Consider removing bike racks and roof racks, bars and boxes, unless you are using them every day. All of these will create wind resistance and cause your car to use more fuel through the ‘drag’ effect. Don’t be an idler: New cars tend to switch off the engine every time you stop. If your vehicle doesn’t, you’ll save fuel by doing this yourself. Don’t forget that stationary idling is against the law. Dress for the weather: Blasting the air-con or turning up the heating may feel necessary but it does impact the amount of fuel you use, as does opening the windows if it’s too hot. Do all your errands in one trip: Once a car’s engine is warm it will run at its most fuel-efficient, so why not tick off as much of your to-do list as you can in one journey? Change your driving style: If you hit high speeds before your engine is warm, you will waste fuel. Shift to higher gears as soon as possible and avoid slamming your foot on the accelerator and brake. In an electric vehicle, keeping momentum is the key to efficient driving. Rethink your plans: Do you really need to drive? Could you car-share, take public transport or get your shopping delivered? This might not be the best option for every journey, but it could make a difference.