The new eight-part series, which will broadcast in 2023, gives people the opportunity to win a whopping £100,000 and bag themselves a mentorship package. Across the competition, viewers will see 12 talented chefs, home cooks and even foodie influencers battle it out to take home the prize. 55-year-old Gordon is officially bringing his hit US show Next Level Chef to the UK. Originally broadcast on the American network Fox, viewers will be able to watch the cooking competition on ITV next year. Throughout the eight episodes, viewers will watch 12 talented chefs from home cooks to foodie influencers battle it out to create phenomenal ‘next level dishes’. Although it’s not as straightforward as it sounds as the cooking show is set across three very different kitchen spaces.   Mirroring the US format, the cooks will be divided each episode to cook in one of the three spaces. Stacked on top of each other, the top level is the ‘crème de la crème’ of kitchens as it’s equipped with modern tools and devices to help make cooking easier. The middle level is a standard kitchen but the bottom, which has been dubbed as the ‘basement’, has limited and lower-quality equipment to use. A platform full of different ingredients starts at the top kitchen and works its way down to the bottom meaning those in the basement are left with scraps of food to cook with.   Given only 45 minutes to prepare, cook and plate their dishes, they have to try and create a mouth-watering dish to avoid elimination. Gordon will also be joined by two other famous names in the food industry to help mentor the chefs in the competition, although they are yet to be revealed. Home cooks are now able to apply to star in the cooking competition and be in with a chance to take home the huge £100,000 jackpot and a mentorship package. A description of the show reads: “As the three judges preside over and mentor a group of talented chefs who will compete against each other to prove they can handle the heat in any kitchen space that is thrown at them.”   Speaking about the upcoming show, Gordon said: “Next Level Chef is off the chart Next Level everything! "A culinary competition that is epic on every level. "From the size of the enormous structure to every challenge, every moment of jeopardy is huge. I want to see our chefs, social media stars, home cooks whatever their level, whatever their experience, show me what they can do. "Whether they’re at the top cooking in the dream kitchen with every gadget and the finest ingredients or in the middle kitchen, good equipment, good ingredients but nothing fancy or, and this is where it gets really interesting, down in the basement kitchen.”  He continued: "Super basic, minimal ingredients and left-over scraps then show me what you’re really made of! “Talent and tenacity will absolutely shine through, and someone will walk away with an equally Next Level prize, I can’t wait to get started!” Casting is currently underway with hopeful chefs urged to apply on the site here.The closing date for applications is 23:59 on Friday 22 July 2022 