Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge have reportedly chosen Adelaide Cottage as their new family home. The home is situated on the Queen's Windsor estate and the family are set to move in this summer. The cottage dates back to the 1800s and was also once home to Princess Margaret's former partner Peter Townsend. Speaking on the latest podcast episode of Royally Obsessed, hosts Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie discussed the royal link of Adelaide Cottage. Ms Bowie said: "While we are on the subject, Windsor, the Cambridges are moving there, Roberta". Ms Fiorito replied: "I'm pretty shocked, I guess I shouldn't be because we have talked about it for so long. "I think the fact that they are supposedly moving into Adelaide Cottage, which is such a downsize from Kensington Palace". Ms Bowie described the Cambridges' new home as "really low-key", and asked Roberta, "Did you see the pictures from it?". READ MORE: Kate and Prince William praised for 'lovely gesture' as they lead firm at Royal Ascot Ms Fiorito replied: "It's four bedrooms, or supposedly, I think I said earlier that it was bigger than that". Ms Bowie said: "[and] it's supposed to be almost like a little school house, kind of vibes. "It's really really unprecedented that they are making this choice". Ms Bowie also noted that "Peter Townsend once lived there", adding that "it's a grace-and-favour property" so the Queen can let whoever she wants live there. Ms Fiorito concluded: "I love that, sort of, past history of the house, the Princess Margaret tie-in there". READ MORE: Finally! Kate Middleton stuns in polka dot outfit for first appearance at Royal Ascot 2022 Peter Townsend moved into the property with his wife and young son in 1944. According to the Sunday Times, the couple will keep Kensington Palace as their family's London home, and continue to visit their Norfolk home, Anmer Hall. According to the Daily Mail royal correspondent Rebecca English, the Cambridges have been planning a move to Berkshire since 2021. She previously stated that they “have enrolled Prince George in a new school there, where he is expected to be joined this September by his siblings". DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT] The property is a 10-minute walk away from Frogmore Cottage where the Duke and Duchess of Sussex lived. Despite living in the US, The Sun reported that Harry and Meghan renewed the lease of their house in Windsor recently. The couple stayed there when returning to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations with their children, Archie and Lilibet.