The countess arrived with her husband Edward and children Lady Louis Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, for the event at St Paul's Cathedral in central London on Friday, June 3. Queen Elizabeth II's historic reign is being marked with bible readings, anthems, prayers and hymns expressing gratitude for the monarch's service. The Wessexes have joined other senior royals for the service in honour of the Queen, who is not attending the event after experiencing some discomfort at the RAF flypast on Thursday. Prince Andrew is also not in attendance after testing positive for Covid. Thet Duke and Duchess of Sussex followed the Wessexes' entrance, as they were greeted by members of the clergy at St Paul's. It comes as Edward, Earl of Wessex, and Sophie are due to travel to Northern Ireland on Saturday, June 4, as part of a UK tour by senior royals. The Wessexes toured Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Antigua and Barbuda in April to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  A planned visit to Grenada was postponed after talks with the Caribbean country's government and governor general. Sophie, as patron of more than 70 charities and organisations, is an indispensable member of the royal family. Along with the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex, she has been hailed as one of the most stylish Windsors. A number of royals are attending the service with their entrance hailed by a peal of bells.   READ MORE ABOUT A ROW OVER JUBILEE FLAGS A number of dignitaries, including the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, and Prime Minister Boris Johnson, arrived earlier today at St Paul's Cathedral ahead of the service. The PM was booed by some onlookers as he arrived with his wife Carrie, although there were also some cheers. Although the crowds appear smaller than those seen at the Trooping the Colour festivities on Thursday, hundreds of people have gathered. Some are wearing Union Jack hats while others hung flags and bunting over the railings on the approach to the cathedral. Prince William and Prince Charles, who represents the Queen at the event, arrived by car to cheers from the crowd.  DON'T MISS: Trooping the Colour: Harry and Meghan beam at crowds after big day [REVEALED] Britons slam 'disgraceful' Archbishop suggestion to forgive Andrew [LATEST] Ukraine: ‘Sending your soldiers to die!’ Putin faces mutiny [REPORT] The Duchess of Cambridge, dressed in pale yellow, arrived with her husband, ascending the steps leading up to St Paul's to loud cheers from the crowd. Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall were the last senior royals to arrive as the heir to the throne continues to take more of a leading role as his mother, 96, gradually steps back from royal duties. In spite of the Queen's absence, the atmosphere was cheerful as the royals chatted with members of the clergy inside the entrance to St Paul's. The monarch, who is a devout Christian and also the titular head of the Church of England, will watch the service on television at her home in Windsor Castle.     The Dean of St Paul's said today's service represents the nation "picking up the baton" from the Queen as a thank you for her years of service. The Very Revd Dr David Ison told BBC Breakfast: "I think, for me, what this service is about, is saying not only thank you, but also we are picking up the baton of what The Queen has done. We ourselves are committing to how we can make the world a better place." He said of the service: "I always get nervous. You can't help it because you want it to go well and therefore you're nervous to make sure it does goes well and worried about what might go wrong."   The Bishop of London said she was "excited" ahead of the thanksgiving service for The Queen's Platinum Jubilee at St Paul's Cathedral. Rt Hon Dame Sarah Mullally, who led the blessing at St Paul's, told BBC Breakfast: "I'm excited, I think." She added that she was nervous about the ceremonial regalia she needs to wear, saying: "It's a coat called the George V coat. It's quite an old coat, which is a cape and it sits on me, but of course it was designed for men because I'm the first woman who happens to be the Bishop of London. "So, it doesn't sit quite as well on me, so I'm slightly nervous." 