Property firm Anglesey Homes, based on the Isle of Anglesey, or Ynys Môn, in North Wales, has been slammed by Welsh people across the country for “disrespecting” the Welsh language. The criticism comes after the company shared it had removed a property’s original Welsh name and replaced it with an English name. Members of the public, as well as politicians, reacted to the news with anger and frustration. Earlier this week, property firm Anglesey Homes wrote on Twitter: “We've renamed our Gwel-yr-Wyddfa property! “It is now known as 9 Sandy Retreat – available for eight guests, pet friendly, and in the beautiful village of Llanfaelog.” Llanfaelog is a tiny village in a remote part of Anglesey and home to a predominantly Welsh-speaking community. Gwel-yr-Wyddfa, the holiday let’s original name, literally translates to “Snowdon View”, whereas “Sandy Retreat” signifies something else entirely. This erasure of meaning, as well as various other reasons, ignited fury among Welsh people. READ MORE: ‘The best way’ to get your lawn to ‘thrive’ for summer - ‘important’ Posting on Twitter, Sion Meredith said: “Why change the name, and boast about it too? It’s wrong, but also shortsighted. “More and more discerning tourists take an interest in Welsh. Our language and culture is a distinctive that attracts them to Wales. How about doing the right thing? Reverse your decision.” Lowri Llewelyn commented: “Extremely disrespectful to the Welsh community who live here year-round – yet another developer prioritising those who descend on ‘the island’ for just a few weeks in summer.” Richard Martin wrote: “Embarrassing folks. This isn't a good idea, it’s a bad idea. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap and quick’ way to clean kitchen tiles [COMMENT]‘Great’ methods to ensure plants ‘survive’ while on holiday [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share 99p way to get rid of black mould - ‘brilliant’ [EXPLAINER] “De-Welshing is something that belongs in the 19th century past, not the 21st century present.” Angharad Walters said: “Not a good look folks.” Lisa Parry added: “I genuinely don’t get why you’d do this. The disrespect aside, a lot of English people I know are now refusing to book cottages in Wales with English names because they assume they’ve been changed and they hate it too. “We were going to book with you soon. And now we won’t.” Rhun ap Iorwerth, Member of the Senedd (MS) for Anglesey and Deputy Leader of Plaid Cymru, tweeted: “Hi @AngleseyHomes. Perhaps you could explain what's happening here. “This is a property at 9 Gwel-yr-Wyddfa, which you’ve now changed to 9 Sandy Retreat, yes? Is erasing the Welsh language/culture a part of your business plan?” According to Mr ap Iorwerth, this is not a new issue in Wales, and Welsh people have expressed anger and disappointment on many occasions in the past on seeing Welsh property names being removed and replaced with English names. “Place names, the names of houses, and what we call the features on our landscape really are a central part of expressing who we are,” the Anglesey-born MS told Express.co.uk. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “They’re celebrations of Wales’ cultural and linguistic history and very much still a part of our living language and culture today.” He claimed that “to casually ditch them is an act of vandalism, frankly, and is hugely disrespectful” and “it shouldn’t be allowed”. After the reaction on social media, Anglesey Homes released a bilingual statement yesterday, June 23. In it, the firm said that the Gwel-yr-Wyddfa development was completed in 2019 and, working with Anglesey Council, “the Gwel-yr-Wyddfa name was agreed upon and implemented as the name of the development and street”. It continued: “We are very proud of the name and of the development we have created. “To address the above misunderstanding, all nine properties on the Gwel-yr-Wyddfa development were sold to third parties and the house in question was also privately sold to a third party. “The owners of this property have independently decided to attach a plaque to their house ‘Sandy Retreat’ in addition to their official address, this remains the same and will always be ‘Gwel-yr-Wyddfa’. “They have given their house this name as they feel with the amazing views of Snowdonia, a stone’s throw away from beautiful beaches, the wonderful community and the environment means they feel the house is a retreat to them. “As the owners of the property, they are entitled, like anyone else, to put a plaque on their property and give it a name. “But this does not have any effect on the address of the development or the road which is proudly named and will remain ‘Gwel-yr-Wyddfa’.” Speaking on BBC Radio Cymru yesterday morning, Anglesey Councillor Llinos Medi Huws called the replacement of the Welsh name “disappointing”, claiming it showed “pure disrespect towards us and our language”. She said she was frustrated by people placing blame on the council, whose “hands are tied” when it comes to changing the name of individual properties. It is council policy to write to developers who choose to change Welsh names into English, but they have no means of “enforcing [rules] in any way”, according to Ms Huws. She added: “The problem is they’ve got the right [to change names] because the Government won’t stand up for the Welsh language and our right to maintain our heritage.”