Despite the Covid pandemic and the cost of living crisis, British motorists registered nearly two million new vehicles in 2021. However, according to the new figures, Britain’s favourite car make has changed for the first time in 12 years. Since 2009, motorists across the UK placed their trust in Ford, until now. According to a study carried out by Confused.com, Ford has now been overtaken by Volkswagen, Audi, and BMW. The American car manufacturer dropped all the way down to fourth place with three German manufacturers claiming all three spots on the podium. Volkswagen claimed the top spot with 8.92 percent of all registrations in 2021. READ MORE: Banning petrol and diesel cars from 2030 is 'pathetic and laughable' The Polo and Passat maker was joined by Audi in second place with 7.1 percent of all registrations, and BMW in third with 7.03 percent. The study also ranked the top 15 manufacturers of 2021. They were as follows: Volkswagen, Audi, BMW, Ford, Toyota, Mercedes, Vauxhall, Kia, Nissan, Hyundai, Peugeot, Skoda, Land Rover, Volvo, and Mini. The research also highlighted that Volkswagen, BMW, Mercedes and Audi now make up 40 percent of the top 10 most popular brands. DON'T MISS Drivers warned not to keep soft drink cans and sun cream inside cars [WARNING] Drivers risk £5,000 fines for wearing too baggy clothes this summer [REVEAL] Drivers urged to use little-known and safe fuel-saving trick [INSIGHT] On top of that, nearly 30 percent of registered vehicles in the UK were made by a German manufacturer in 2021. This is compared to 2009, when Volkswagen was the only German car manufacturer in the top five most popular vehicle makers in the UK, with a market share of 8.04 percent. Interestingly, however, it was the Vauxhall Corsa that was revealed as the UK’s most popular car model responsible for 2.48 percent of vehicle registrations in the country. Most notably though, the study marked the sudden demise of Ford. The American car maker has always been the most popular choice among British drivers. Between 2001 and 2008 it was the Ford Focus that was loved by motorists across the UK. The car was responsible for over five percent of the market share. The Focus then gave way to the Fiesta in 2008. Nearly six percent of all registered vehicles in 2008 in the UK were a Fiesta. However, over time British motorists moved over to Vauxhall Corsa with Fiesta decreasing in popularity. Both the Corsa and Volkswagen Golf overtook the Fiesta in 2021. Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com said: “When getting a quote for car insurance, the type of car you drive is a key consideration for insurers. "This comes into play especially when looking at the cost of repairs. “Typically, cars made by manufacturers with a higher production rate could be cheaper to insure. "This is because parts are much easier to obtain, and therefore makes the overall repair process cheaper."