Final Fantasy 7 celebrates its 25th anniversary this year, and this week Square Enix will be hosting a special event to mark the landmark event. The Final Fantasy 7 25th Anniversary event takes place on Thursday June 15 with a start time of 11pm UK time. The event - which could reveal the first ever look at Final Fantasy 7 Remake Part 2 - will be live streamed on YouTube and you can watch all the action below. Square Enix have said the upcoming Final Fantasy 7 Anniversary event will last for around 10 minutes, but it will be "packed" full of information. Interestingly, while promoting the event the official Final Fantasy 7 Remake told fans "please be excited". Square Enix has issued this plea numerous times in the past before big announcements, so fans have been left wondering if the tease is a sign Final Fantasy 7 Remake Part 2 will at long last get revealed. Tweeting about the event the Final Fantasy 7 Remake Twitter posted: "Join us next week for around 10 minutes to celebrate 25 years of @FinalFantasyVII. "Co-stream the broadcast and share your reactions with #FFVII25th. Please be excited." It went on to share a quote from director Tetsya Nomura who said: "We will be streaming 'FINAL FANTASY VII 25th Anniversary Celebration'. At only around 10 minutes long, it will be short and sweet, but we have packed in lots of information, so I hope everyone can look forward to the unveiling." It's been over two years since Final Fantasy 7 Remake first launched. And seeing as Square Enix are taking an episodic approach to the Final Fantasy 7 Remake fans have been waiting some time for the story to continue. During this period we have seen Final Fantasy 7 Intergrade launch which added the Yuffie DLC alongside plenty of enhancements. But this was only for PS5 gamers. When Final Fantasy 7 Remake first launched Express.co.uk went hands on with it and were left thoroughly impressed. In our five out of five star review we said: "The Final Fantasy 7 Remake is a lovingly crafted adventure that not only honours the original but expands upon it in meaningful ways. "Those new to FF7 won't get the nostalgia hit that fans who played the original will, but they will get one of the most polished, finely tuned games of this generation. "The Final Fantasy 7 Remake is an absolute triumph, an essential purchase which - like its forebearer - will come to define what fans expect of a JRPG."