The Queen had not seen Archie Harrison since his parents the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sensationally quit royal life and moved to the US two years ago. While the 96-year-old monarch is reported to have only met Lilibet Diana, who turned one today, for the first time on Thursday when the Sussexes arrived in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  An exclusive poll by TECHNE UK for Express.co.uk has revealed out of 1,621 respondents 71 percent of them thought it was unfair the Queen had not been able to see her great grandchildren for two years. This is compared to just 19 percent of people who said it was fair and 10 percent of respondents who didn’t know. Of the 71 percent who said it wasn’t fair, 68 percent were male and 74 percent were female.  Poll results also showed that of those who believed it was unfair, 65 percent were 18-44 years and 76 percent were over 64-years-old. In a breakdown of results, of the 19 percent of people who said it was fair the Queen hasn’t seen her great grandchildren in two years, 20 percent were male compared to 18 percent who were female. The poll was carried out between May 31 and June 1.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Jubilee appearance sparks uproar 'No more!' Prince Harry and his wife Meghan were greeted with cheers and some jeers as they joined the Royal Family at a thanksgiving service on Friday for the Queen in their first public appearance together in Britain since quitting royal duties. Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, joined other senior royals at the service at London's St Paul's Cathedral, the latest event in Platinum Jubilee celebrations marking the Queen's 70 years on the throne. The couple moved to the US two years ago to lead a more independent life, and live in a mansion in California with their two young children Archie and daughter Lilibet, who was named after her great-grandmother, the Queen.  DON'T MISS Sweet moment as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle wave to little girls [VIDEO]Harry back to his old self as he shares joke with Beatrice [PICTURES]Why are there no photos of Lilibet Diana? [EXPLAINER] The Sussex children have not yet been pictured in public, but are understood to have had a special lunch with the Queen. The Sussexes introduced their daughter to the Queen, who was nicknamed Lilibet as a child, on Thursday at Windsor in one of the Royal Family's private events after Trooping the Colour at Buckingham Palace, according to reports. The couple, who had said they were "excited and honoured" to attend the Platinum Jubilee events, made headlines with a bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview in March last year when Meghan, who is biracial, accused an unnamed royal of racism and Harry said his family had cut them off financially.  Their relationship with the other royals has been frosty since then, most notably with Harry's elder brother Prince William. Harry's criticisms of his family have continued since the Oprah interview and there was no obvious interaction between the brothers at Friday's service. The duke has been embroiled in a legal dispute with the British government, which will not allow him to pay for police protection when he is in Britain.  Although he returned to Britain in April last year for the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip, the queen's husband, he did not attend a recent memorial service because of security issues. However, the couple met the Queen at Windsor Castle in April on their first private trip to Britain since quitting royal duties ahead of the Invictus Games. A palace source has said Harry, Meghan and his children remained "much loved members of the family".