Lewis Hamilton has been named an honorary citizen of Brazil after a vote on the issue was passed. The idea had been revealed by congressman Andre Figueiredo after Hamilton won last year’s Brazilian Grand Prix. Hamilton unfurled the Brazilian flag on the podium after the race, recreating his idol Ayrton Senna’s iconic 1991 flag wave. The lower house of parliament passed a bill on Thursday and the house will now hold a solemn session to deliver the citizenship to Hamilton. The Mercedes star has spoken openly about the move, claiming he would be honoured to accept it. Posting on Twitter last night, Hamilton simply wrote: “eu te amo Brasil”. Translated simply as ‘I love you Brazil’. Speaking at a keynote speech in Sao Paulo earlier this year, the Mercedes star joked he would spend more time in the country once his Brazilian passport has been accepted. He said: “'I want to spend more time in Brazil," Hamilton said at a keynote speech at an event in Sao Paulo focused on business and digital transformation. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's F1 motivation questioned by Sebastian Vettel "There is such a beautiful culture here. I've only been to Rio (de Janeiro) and Sao Paulo, but I want to come back here for Christmas, New Year or something like that. Neymar invites me every year, and Gabriel [Medina] invites me every year, but I never had the chance - I’m waiting for my Brazilian passport.” The honorary citizenship comes just months after Hamilton was knighted at Windsor Castle by Prince Charles. Congressman Jhonatan de Jesus of the Republicans party backed the move as he praised many of Hamilton's gestures on the world stage. DON'T MISSFIA president slams Hamilton and Vettel over 'rainbow' campaigning [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc sent Lewis Hamilton warning  [ANALYSIS]Russell's Mercedes expectations not met despite impressing vs Hamilton [COMMENT] He explained: “His gestures add to his indisputable sporting merit. His public positions in support of relevant issues such as the environment, animal rights, Black people, women and human rights must also be remembered and highlighted.” But, the bull was not passed without some criticism from Brazilian parliamentarians. Tiago Mitraud of the New Party added: “I recognise Lewis Hamilton's achievements...but this bill makes clear that we are not addressing Brazil's structural problems as a priority.” Hamilton lies sixth in the F1 Drivers’ Championship after a difficult start to the new season. It leaves the Mercedes star a massive 75 points behind championship leader Max Verstappen and 34 behind team-mate George Russell.