The boss was shamed in a viral Reddit post, having erected a new sign for his workers. The sign reads: “New office rule: For every minute you are late for work, you will be required to work for 10 minutes after 6pm. For example, if you arrive at 10.02am, you will have to stay an extra 20 minutes until 6.20pm. Thanks."  According to the Birmingham Mail, a Reddit user captioned the image with the words: "Shout out the worst place I ever worked (minimum wage, of course)." User, Destroy, replied: "Boy I hope they like paying overtime. Or paying people to literally just stand around for an extra 20 minutes because they know this rule is b***s***." He added: "How the f*** can people think this is a good idea?" Baked asked: "If you show up at 9:58 do you get to leave at 5:40?" "My company expects us to be on department 5 minutes before our shift starts but won’t pay us if we work 5 minutes over lol," another user, Massive, said. Apprehensive said: "do you want to lose employees because that’s how you lose employees?" Milch said: "This is how you lose a lot of money. An hour late would be 10 hours of overtime. Imagine that on a holiday. I would forget to set my alarm and blow their labor budget for year." Aother comment read: "They're banking on uneducated employees. Those who don't know they're being exploited. This is one of the reasons why education is constantly being attacked."  Reddit users were not the only ones to have an opinion on the controversial tactic being demonstrated by the boss. After the story was posted online, people took to Birmingham Live's Facebook page to share their thoughts on the unusual tactic. The overwhelming majority of comments seemed to share the original poster's disapproval. As one user wrote: "Considering the jobs market right now, that company is about to lose a lot of staff and will struggle to fill the gaps. There is no excuse for poor time keeping but this is not how to deal with it." Another shared their experience after a previous employer tried something similar: "I had this at a company I worked for. If you were one minute late they docked an hour's pay, but if it was the other way and you stayed 10 minutes you got nothing. "I was first aider and stayed 40 minutes to help someone the next day I was late by 1 minute and got docked an hour. Personally, I don’t feel this works as it builds up resentment and staff won’t work to their best. You always get some who take the mickey but others genuinely get held up at times by things beyond their control." As someone else explained: "Being 5-10 minutes late should be tolerated if it is not happening on a daily basis. I hardly clock off at exactly 5pm from work so I feel if you are late and have a good reason it should be tolerated. We are all humans things can happen on the way to work such as morning traffic."  However, some seemed to agree with the boss. As several people commented: "Great idea, hate bad time keeping." "Get to work on time - simple." "Great idea, wouldn't be long in learning." Another wrote: "Back in the day, you had to be 15 minutes early! Sort yourself out, uniform, tea, wee whatever and then clock in. I still do that. I arrive at appointments early sort my stuff and then I'm ready to focus. If some few individuals who always take the P and the whole place is sick of it....maybe they are being fair. A harsh punishment as a deterrent for the few. Then over time, they will sack them." "It's called being conscientious," explained another user. "When I work in our little shop I'm always there half an hour beforehand to check the float and till are correct, make sure everything is tidy and that I'm prepared to serve customers as soon as the shop opens. Then I make sure everything is tidy after the shop closes and cash up. If you don't want the job, give it to someone who does. Getting sick of poor service in shops, restaurants and cafés since the pandemic. "When I first started work in 1983, if we were late we were docked half an hour's pay. That made sure people got out of bed on time." 