Six years ago, almost to the day, Britain voted in a completely fair referendum, by a small but clear majority, to leave the EU. Since then, a powerful minority has fought with fanatical zeal to overturn that decision. And they never relent. The complaint of the zealots is that the motivation of Brexiteers is the unlovely trait of xenophobia. Not true. I have prowled Europe from side to side, top to bottom for 70 years, speak four of its languages and appreciate its cultures. So why be a Brexiteer long before Boris Johnson? No political entity is stationary. It moves or it fizzles out. The only thing to study is the “direction of travel”. Consider not where it is now, but where it will be in three, five or even 10 years. Not because of my ignorance of Europe, but the reverse, I realised that for the EU that destination was a Federal Republic of Europe; a centrally-governed state into which the existing republics and kingdoms had been subsumed. That left three questions to answer. Did the British people want that? Would they ever? If not, could they change that collective ambition? Each answer was a very clear “No” and remains so. We were locked into a relationship, thanks to the fanaticism of Edward Heath, which we could never control. A civilised departure was the only recourse. The Treaty of Rome was the fundament but the Treaty of Lisbon, rammed down our throats by the equally fanatical John Major, sealed the deal. Since then, the claims of the Brussels-based EU government have increased as I thought they could only do, but scepticism has also spread across the Continent as more and more people – not academics but ordinary folk – have come to realise that the land of which they are citizens will always have first call on their love and loyalty. In short, there is nothing wrong with a union of European countries based on friendly cooperation across the board. But not on do-as-you-are-told orders coming from the Belgian capital. I happen to think the majority of 2016 is still there – but larger. 