Amanda Holden, 51, might have just entered her sixth decade, but she's determined that she intends to still get attention for her looks even when she reaches her 70s. The BGT judge is often proud to wear her Barbie pink PVC dresses and to flash her legs in short skirts and skyscraper heels - and believes that advancing age shouldn't be a barrier to displaying sex appeal. The attention-grabbing TV star declared: "I still want to get wolf whistles in my 70s, and I don’t care how sexist that is. "I want a builder to give me a little 'oi, oi' when I walk past." The fashion-forward celebrity added to Women's Weekly: "I want to be tooted at by men or women when I’m walking the dog!" Expressing regret that women might feel compelled to dress down when they reach a certain age, she fought back, exclaiming: "The only way to change things is to not give a damn." READ NOW: Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy She continued that she hopes that other women seeing her in sexy outfits are inspired and feel "brave enough to take risks", regardless of age or body shape. Amanda added: "I’m not one of those women that goes, 'Ooh, I’m in my 50s now, I had better not wear a knee boot, or a thigh boot or a shocking-pink heel.'" That's more than clear from Amanda's range of defiantly and uncompromisingly sexy outfits. She often models clothing brands' latest ranges for her 1.8 Instagram followers. For red carpet events ahead of Britain's Got Talent auditions, Amanda has often opted for bold get-ups, including one very popular neon yellow bandage dress, which perfectly complemented co-star Alesha Dixon's tangerine orange version. Meanwhile, she and former Pussycat Dolls star Ashley Roberts recreated an iconic tennis pose in honour of Wimbledon 2022 this week. The pair posed in barely-there white micro mini skirts, while clutching a bottom cheek and brandishing their tennis racquets. She joked on Instagram that she had an "itchy bum", leading swimwear designer Melissa Odabash to prompt "Omg you girls need your [own] TV show!" DON'T MISS... Andy Murray’s wife branded 'class act' for supporting Deborah James [UPDATE] Fiona Bruce's 'toughest interview' as Lord Sugar shouted and swore [DEBATE] Fred Sirieix addresses 'trivial' food fights with Gordon Ramsay [EXCLUSIVE]  However, Amanda hasn't always appreciated wolf whistles, as it turns out it can depend on the context. Speaking to the Sun back in 2011 after her theatre run as Princess Fiona in Shrek the Musical, she admitted she experienced whistling during the show - and wasn't very happy. "I literally think, 'I’m coming down those steps and I’m going to take you out'," she exclaimed feistily. The Heart Radio breakfast show host added: "People think they’re hilarious." Elsewhere, Amanda recently spent time in Sicily to film new BBC series The Italian Job. During her sun-soaked trip, she took the opportunity to showcase her flawless body in a series of bikini shots. On the show, she will be teaming up with Alan Carr to renovate a crumbling property to its former glory. Amanda might take quick breaks from her usual stream of uncompromising glamour, as shoots from the show have even seen her wear hard hats - but viewers can be sure of her passion for dressing up on other occasions.