Joely Richardson, 57, has spoken up about her family background, and how she feels about being the descendant of a famous British acting dynasty. She adamantly insisted she “doesn’t care” about maintaining that image.  The actress discussed her career so far as well as her familial ties.  Vanessa Redgrave's daughter said she doesn’t care about the wealth and dynasty aspect of her star-studded family, and is motivated by more than just fame and wealth.  Joely said: “I really don’t care about ‘The Dynasty’, whatever that means.  “When she was asked about it, my mum would always say she didn’t know what to answer. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit “When I look back at my sister [the late Natasha Richardson], my cousin [Jemma Redgrave], my mum and dad [Tony Richardson], my grandparents [Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson], I simply feel enormous love. “I remember once I was in a hotel room with my mum and Linny my aunt [Lynn Redgrave], and it was them with their make-up bags and their travel bags and they were going on a world tour telling their stories, just for humanity and compassion and the love of doing it. “It wasn’t about being rich and famous. They couldn’t stop themselves. Yes, there is a cut- throat element in showbiz, which has always existed. “But for my mother, my aunt, my uncle [Corin Redgrave], all of them, well, the fame, the brand and the money were never their motivation," she added to this week's Radio Times.  The star is currently appearing in Danish thriller show, Suspect.  Despite that, she explained she didn’t watch the dark series back, as the world was “scary enough as it is.”  One of the primary reasons she took on the role was the chance to star alongside actor James Nesbitt.  Joely plays the role of pathologist Jackie Sowden, who must manage James’ character, Detective Frater, as he investigates the death of his only child. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] She said that the hardest part of the role was coming to terms with the “medical language” and getting used to the “minutiae” and inside knowledge. The star added that despite the perception that acting becomes dull after many years, it is “actually the opposite”. At the age of 57, Joely has a portfolio of nearly 80 films and TV-shows. Her 40-year career ranges from action, to comedy, and historical romance. Joely isn’t the only one in her family who puts her career first. Her mother, Dame Vanessa Redgrave, is still working at age 85. Joely spoke of her philosophy, saying it was important to “stay focused on who you want to be”. She added that it’s necessary to also “think about others” and remember how lucky you are to “have a career that you want”. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times - out now.