When it comes to summer bulbs there are many to choose from for your garden. Whereas spring bulbs, such as crocus, narcissus, muscari and tulip, are planted in the autumn and flower in the spring, summer bulbs are planted in the spring when the soil starts to warm up. Summer bulbs come from hot climates and therefore need a minimum of 13 degrees Celsius to start to grow. A great reminder is that summer bulbs get planted the same time your tomatoes go outdoors. Summer bulbs as a term includes tubers, corms and rhizomes. My top five are dahlias, lilies, eucomis, crocosmia and begonia. There are also the lactiflora varieties of peony, agapanthus, gladioli, nerine for late summer or early autumn, as well as canna and zantedeschia. Most summer bulbs are sun worshipers, so plant them in your garden in full sun on a layer of gravel or sharp horticultural sand. Begonias, such as "Apricot Shades", however, will grow in partial shade, as will martagon lilies, such as "Claude Shride". I have this lily growing in my orchard area with long meadow grass, and it looks stunning. READ MORE: Mum's vital method for dahlias to prevent them snapping - 'the biggest lesson I learned' Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea All the above summer bulbs are perfect for growing in pots and containers, too. In fact, agapanthus flowers best when the roots are constricted. In their natural habitat, agapanthus grow on rocky outcrops in South Africa, so adding horticultural grit and/or sand into peat-free multi-purpose compost will help with drainage. All of my agapanthus are grown in pots and I use them to add splashes of colour to a border by dropping the pot and plant directly into an available space. And don’t worry, in no time at all, other plants growing around them will hide the pot. If you want to get a head start on summer you can grow summer bulbs indoors in a greenhouse, conservatory or warm porch for a month or two before transplanting them outdoors. If you do this for dahlias you can take basal cuttings during the spring from the new growth and increase your stock for free (however, please always check for plant breeder’s rights, especially if you plan to sell plants at a summer fete, for example). DON'T MISS'Top plants': Bring this year's Chelsea Flower Show to your garden [LIST] Top 10 perennials to grow from seed now that flower in the first year [EXPERT] 'It's important': Correct 'moment' to deadhead plants for more flowers [TIPS] Summer bulbs are great for filling gaps in the summer border, as mentioned above. For a tall, statuesque floral wonder you cannot beat Eucomis pole-evansii. It’s an expensive bulb, but it’s a real investment. It will reach two metres in height in a single season. Eucomis can be grown as perennials in your borders and are particularly hardy. Plant on a layer of horticultural grit or sand. Stop watering from late summer as the dormant period starts. Add some organic fertiliser in the spring, and mulch in colder parts of the UK to protect from frosts. Eucomis pole-evansii can also be grown in a large, heavy terracotta container, which can be overwintered in a greenhouse. When it comes to dahlias, I’m like a kid in a sweet shop. There are so many to choose from. Dahlias can be seen as old-fashioned by some gardeners, but I urge you to scan the internet for I’m certain that you will find at least one if not more to add another dimension to your garden. I tend to veer towards warm colours but have recently fallen in love with the orange-coral-peach shades across all dahlia types, namely anemone, cactus, dark leaf, decorative, dwarf, pompom, waterlily, cartwheel, dinner plate and miscellaneous. All dahlias need to be grown in full sun and depending on where you live will need to be lifted once the foliage has been blackened by the frosts. In the south of the UK, where I live, I can normally get away with leaving them in the ground and mulching with homemade compost once they have been cut back. A mulch is a 5cm layer of organic matter, such as homemade compost, spent compost from summer displays, homemade leaf mould or bought compost. It acts like a winter duvet keeping everything warm and safe over the colder months. My favourite dahlias are "Café au Lait", "Totally Tangerine", "American Dawn", "Zundert Mystery Fox", "Yellow Jill", "Bacardi" and "Nicholas". I also grew "Mexican Star" for the first time last year. If you love the look of chocolate cosmos, then you will love this dahlia. It’s tall at 1.2 metres, with open flowers of deep wine-red velvety petals and a bright yellow centre. The bees and butterflies love it.