Chelsea have reportedly made an 'important offer' for Torino defender Gleison Bremer. Tottenham are interested in signing the Brazilian but could be beaten to him by their London rivals. Chelsea are in the market for defenders this summer. Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have both departed on free transfers at the end of their respective contracts. Club captain Cesar Azpilicueta also sees his future at Stamford Bridge in doubt. Sevilla's Jules Kounde remains a top target for Thomas Tuchel after a deal failed to materialise following strong interest last summer. Bremer has also been linked and Italian outlet Gianluca Di Marzio claims an offer has now been made. Torino value the centre-back at around £34.1million (€40m). READ MORE: Arsenal's Youri Tielemans decision hints at next two signings after Fabio Vieira transfer  Inter Milan are also interested in signing the 25-year-old. Bremer is Inter's first choice centre-back target but Torino want young midfielder Cesare Casadei to be included as part of the deal, something Inter are not keen on. The Mirror claims Bremer is also a top target for Tottenham as Antonio Conte looks to reshape his squad. However, Chelsea have now made their move. Bremer joined Torino from Brazilian side Atletico Mineiro in 2018. He has made over 100 appearances for the Serie A club. DON'T MISSLiverpool told to sell Jurgen Klopp favourite who is 'not good enough' - 'Time to go'Jude Bellingham and four more midfielders Liverpool can sign after Jurgen Klopp callArsenal 'cooling' Youri Tielemans transfer interest with Fabio Vieira set for medical  Chelsea are yet to make any new signings under their new ownership. Todd Boehly is set to hand Thomas Tuchel a large warchest but not a penny has been spent so far. Romelu Lukaku looks likely to return to Inter on loan following a poor first season back in west London. Therefore a striker will likely be on the agenda for Tuchel, along with a couple of defenders. Meanwhile, Tottenham boss Conte has made it clear he wants to strengthen in defence this summer. He has brought in three new signings so far but is yet to recruit at the back.  Midfielder Yves Bissouma was the latest player through the door in north London this week. The Mali international joined from Brighton for a fee of £25m. Ivan Perisic has arrived on a free transfer after leaving Inter, with goalkeeper Fraser Forster also penning a deal. But with defence being a priority, Bremer is a prime option for Conte. However, Chelsea could scupper Conte's plans if their offer matches Torino's £34.1m valuation. The deal would not only boost Chelsea's resources but also put a dent in Spurs' transfer hopes.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here