Atletico Madrid striker Joao Felix has played down his chances of leaving the Spanish capital this summer amid links to Tottenham Hotspur. The 22-year-old is determined to overturn his fortunes at Atletico and realise the potential that prompted his £113million arrival in 2019. According to reports, Diego Simeone has put Felix on the transfer market, and the player's agent has offered his services to several European clubs. Among those are Tottenham, who could have a secret weapon within their ranks to sweeten a potential deal for the Portugal international. Spurs are understood to value Giovani Lo Celso at £17m, and a return to Spain could be on the cards after impressing on loan at Villarreal in the second half of last season. Simeone is a huge admirer of the Argentine and wanted to sign him from Real Betis in 2019 before Spurs beat Atletico to it. Antonio Conte could be happy to use Lo Celso as a makeweight in a stellar swap deal involving Felix if Simeone is happy to let the Portugal international leave. However, Felix has poured cold water on speculation surrounding his future, insisting a summer departure is 'not on the table'. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo 'approached by third club' after Chelsea and Bayern Speaking to Maisfutebol while starting preparations to return for pre-season next month, he said: "A departure from Atletico is not on the table. I'm fine and focused on Atletico. I am calm about the future [and] aware of what I can do, and I'm good with myself. I'm still on vacation. "I have just started training to prepare for the pre-season, but I don't think too much about football. Of course, I grew up. Four years have passed since I left Benfica, and I have grown physically, technically and mentally. It is normal to evolve. I did things well to get better and better." READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'ignored' by transfer target Spurs are heavily backing Conte in his first summer transfer window after guiding the club back into the Champions League last season. He has already recruited Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic on free transfers and Yves Bissouma in a £25m deal. Conte wants to make three more additions before the 2022-23 season - a right-wing-back, left-sided centre-back and forward. Djed Spence is firmly his priority target for the former, while Alessandro Bastoni and Pau Torres have been linked among centre-backs. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here