Kit (played by Thoren Ferguson) has been seen a few times over the past couple of weeks on Emmerdale as Marlon Dingle's (Mark Charnock) physio. The pair have been working together to get the groom-to-be back on his feet following the stroke he suffered earlier this year on the ITV soap. In Tuesday's episode and in upcoming scenes, the newcomer starts to mix with other characters, such as Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) and these villagers could become targets for him to kill. The scene in which Lydia dropped the clue about the newcomer being a serial killer came in the opening moments of the latest instalment. Serving the physio behind the counter at the village café, Sam Dingle's (James Hooton) wife told Kit: "Piercing, aren't they?" He was clearly confused as he replied: "Sorry?" to which Lydia explained to him: "Your eyes, that's an impressive pair of peepers." After expressing his gratitude toward her, Kit wanted to order a drink but Lydia continued with her analysis of his eyes. She commented: "I'm only stating a fact, it's not like you made them yourself, is it? Although some people still confuse good eyes with good character, don't they?" READ MORE: McCartney's team hit out at BBC for Glasto farce "Do they?" Kit replied, with Lydia finally dropping the hint about the serial killer by stating: "Ted Bundy. He had a fantastic set and look what happened there. "Don't worry, I'm sure you're no serial killer, just the same eyes," she continued before making the newcomer his drink. He seemed a bit freaked out by the conversation and he felt creeped out by Lydia as she continued to stare at him during his visit to the café. Although this might have been him showing he was uncomfortable, in fact, it could have been because Lydia had blown his cover. It could be the newcomer is actually going to be the new village serial killer, taking over from Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). Unlike Meena, Kit might believe he will be able to commit the crimes without getting caught and ending up in prison for life. Just like his predecessor, he could have also been working in the hospital before hand to try and create the perfect cover. Kit might have thought no one would suspect the physio of killing anyone and therefore, he could carry on with his murders. Knowing there is no one in the village already getting rid of people, Kit could have thought Emmerdale was the perfect base to start his new chapter. With Marlon being from the Dales, he would have nominated himself to take on the beloved characters' care to get an inning. DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] Now he has met Lydia, she could potentially become one of his victims because of how annoyed he felt when he first met her. Also, she has already blown his cover and not wanting anyone else to know about his identity, he could want to silence her. With Lydia's cards marked, another person who could be in serious danger is Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy). In scenes airing later this week on the show, Marlon's ex-wife will nominate herself to spend some time with him whilst his fiancée, Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry), is at work. The same afternoon she is with her ex-husband, Kit comes around to help his patient with another physio session and this leads him to bond with Laurel. As the pair talk, there is clear chemistry between them as Laurel feels the heartthrob might be the person she needs in her life right now. Knowing nothing about him, however, she begins to feel nervous and awkward and this leads to some comical consequences. This might be Kit's way of securing a victim as he decides to use charm to make them fall in love with him before killing them. Only time will tell who else he could go after if he is a serial killer and whether there will be more exits in the coming months as his kill list gets bigger. The actor who plays Jai Sharma, Chris Bisson, has spoken about the chances of Laurel finding love again after separating from his character. With Laurel ending their relationship because of some drugs she thought were Jai's, Chris said: "I think Jai feels disappointed in Laurel because she has her own problems with being a recovering alcoholic. "I don't know if it's because Laurel wasn't 100% behind getting back together in the first place, but it seems quite harsh that she's not more understanding. I think he sees a different side to her. "There have been times when Laurel's halo has slipped slightly. She hasn't been as kind or as understanding as usual. There have been a couple of scenes where Laurel's not very nice to Jai at all. "I can't see Jai getting back together with Laurel, given that he pled his innocence and he was absolutely adamant but she wouldn't believe him. I don't see how they get back from there." So could it be Kit is going after people he knows has caused other people hurt? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.