Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to popularity after sharing her ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes “cheap” ways to clean toilet seats. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one man asked for advice on how to remove “yellowing” from his toilet seat. George Hunt wrote: “How do I remove yellowing from my toilet seat? “It looks so bad and I've no clue how to get rid of it.” Toilets are grubby by nature and require a strict cleaning regime to remain as hygienic as possible. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale from toilets - ‘cheap trick’ The toilet seat is the part of the toilet that comes into contact with people most, so maintaining its cleanliness is key. It is often exposed to urine that can fall both on and underneath the toilet seat, causing yellow stains and an unpleasant smell over time. This can be a problem of the past thanks to Mrs Hinch fans as they suggested using a combination of white vinegar and baking soda to make toilet seats “feel like new”. Laura Taylor said: “My toilet seat was so bad and I used a combination of white vinegar and baking soda to remove all the stains. “It worked out so cheap and feels like new.” DON'T MISS: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants [INSIGHT]Lawn tips: How to to ‘thicken’ lawns and ‘crowd out weeds’ [EXPERT]‘Really straightforward way’ to deadhead petunias to flower longer [TIPS] Janice Collins commented: “I use half a cup of baking soda with enough white vinegar to form a paste and smooth it over the toilet seat, covering both sides. “Then I let it sit there for 20 minutes and use a soft sponge to remove yellow stains.” It's crucial to let your cleaning product sit on a stain for a while before you put some elbow grease into scrubbing it away. Best of all, allowing the product to sit requires less muscle to scrub it off. Jennifer Neilson suggested: “Baking soda mixed with white vinegar, it makes a paste. It’s brilliant.” Helen James agreed: “White vinegar and baking soda gets it off - simple and quick.” Anne Foster advised: “Create a paste out of baking soda and white vinegar and this will lift the stains off easier. “Make sure to use warm water, as this will make it easier for you to remove the yellow stains.” White vinegar can be purchased for as little as 29p from Tesco. While baking soda can be picked up at Asda for 55p. It's crucial to avoid abrasive materials that can scratch your toilet seat when cleaning. This is so whatever is causing your pesky toilet stains will have more surfaces to spread their yellow colour in the future.