Motorists have been told about a secret aircon button that can reduce fuel consumption, especially on short journeys. The button will not only save fuel but also make drivers and passengers much more comfortable during car journeys. It will come as no surprise to motorists that an air-conditioning system uses engine power in diesel and petrol cars, and battery power in electric vehicles. For internal combustion engines that can lead to a much bigger fuel consumption. The system usually works by taking the outside air and then heating or cooling it. However, drivers have now been told that this method uses much more fuel compared to the option which lets the car’s air-con system use the air from inside the car. READ MORE: Martin Lewis tells drivers how to find the cheapest fuel Thankfully, there is a button specially designed to let motorists choose which option they prefer. If activated, the air recirculation button, allows the aircon to use the air from inside the car by drawing it through vents. And, at the same time, it stops the outside air from getting in. The button is usually located around the aircon dial that allows the driver to set the internal temperature. DON'T MISS Petrol station causes traffic chaos after it offers discounted fuel [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to move away from diesel if they want to save money [REVEAL] Elderly drivers cause more accidents than younger motorists [SHOCKING] It has a picture of a car with an arrow inside it. Using the button will help reduce fuel consumption as it puts less strain on the car’s engine. The principle is the same for electric cars as the aircon will put less strain on the battery. Bradley Jando of Kwik Fit said: "The compressor requires energy to run your vehicle’s air conditioning system and so will use a small amount of fuel whenever the system is running. "It could increase your fuel usage by as much as 10 percent, and the effects are particularly noticeable on short journeys. "When you initially set off, the air con has to work hard to bring the internal temperature down to a comfortable level." Despite the reduction in fuel consumption the RAC adds: "Don’t use your air conditioning unless you really have to as it uses engine power and therefore increases fuel consumption. "This goes for heat as well as cooling, so try to dress for the weather, even inside your car, if fuel efficiency is a big concern." The news comes as British motorists are facing the highest petrol and diesel prices on record. Fuel prices hit record highs with motorists expected to pay 185.04p per litre of petrol and 190.92p per litre of diesel. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that both prices are still likely to rise. The cost of filling up an average 55-litre family car went above £100 for the first time ever last week. And, the crisis is not showing any signs of slowing down. Several motorists reported that they even spotted some filling stations asking for over £2 for a litre of fuel.