Casper Ruud feels he faces an "impossible task" in beating Rafael Nadal in the French Open final on Sunday. Nadal progressed to his 14th French Open final after Alexander Zverev was forced to retire from their match with a severe ankle injury. The semi-final clash threatened to go long into the night with more than three hours passing towards the end of the second set. Both Ruud and Marin Cilic were waiting behind the scenes to get on Court Philippe-Chatrier and it looked as though they wouldn't be starting until 8pm the way Nadal's match with Zverev was going. But the world No 3's injury saw the second semi-final get underway at a more reasonable time. Cilic had reached his first major semi-final since 2015 and was in excellent form heading into the match having already beaten Daniil Medvedev and Andrey Rublev. Meanwhile, Ruud was yet to face anyone ranked inside the top 10 on his way to the semi-final. And it was Cilic who came out on top after taking the first set and looked set to dominate. JUST IN: Sports doctor breaks down Alex Zverev injury and if surgery is needed  However, Ruud rallied in the second set and Cilic appeared to run out of steam as the No 8 seed went on to win in four sets. He's the first male Norwegian tennis player to reach a major final, but he faces an almighty task against the 'king of clay'. Nadal has won all 13 finals he's been in at the French Open and is aiming to win his 22nd major. Ruud's experience pales in comparison to Nadal, but the 23-year-old is hoping to do the impossible against the Spaniard on Sunday. "To play Rafa in a Roland Garros final is probably the greatest challenge there is in this sport," Ruud said. "I believe he's 13-0 in the finals, so just shows that it might sound like an impossible task. DON'T MISS  "But of course I will give it a shot like the other 13 people before me have done." The two have never faced off against each other on the ATP Tour, but Ruud did come through the Rafael Nadal Academy. Ruud admitted: “We have played some practice sets, and he has always pretty much beaten me. “There’s been some close sets, 7-6, 7-5, but it always goes his favour. But it’s because we are playing in the academy and I want to be nice to him.”