The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly having a joint birthday bash later in the summer, hosted by the Queen at Windsor Castle or Sandringham. William celebrated his birthday earlier this month, while Kate turned 40 in January but was forced to cancel her birthday plans due to rising Covid cases. The Queen has agreed that the couple should “celebrate their landmark birthdays in style”, according to royal sources quoted by The Mirror. READ MORE: 'It's a slippery slope!' Meghan and Harry begged not to do second Oprah interview Royal expert Neil Sean said in a recent episode on his YouTube channel that Kate wishes for Harry to attend their birthday celebration. Mr Sean said: “According to a very good source, Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge is very keen for Harry to be invited [to her and William's joint birthday party]. “[Although] no mention of Meghan, I noted in the quote I was told.” He added that Kate would “very much like to see some relationship mounted back together” between the brothers. He continued: “Apparently she thinks this would be an actual great way of bonding together. “Birthdays are a time, as she's pointed out, of celebration, families, and having loved ones around you.” As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers whether they thought Harry and Meghan should receive an invitation to the joint party. In a poll that ran from 5pm on Thursday, June 23 to 8am on Tuesday, June 28, Express.co.uk asked: “Should William invite Harry and Meghan to his birthday party this summer?” A total of 8,072 people responded with the vast majority, 89 percent (7,160 people), answering “no”, Harry and Meghan should not be invited. A further 10 percent (810 people) said “yes” they should be invited, while just one percent (112 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers debated whether Harry and Meghan should be invited. Most readers were against Harry and Meghan being invited with username HeleneFromDenmark commenting: “Absolutely NOT.” Another, username BlueAllegra said: “No definitely not.” And username Jellybean66 said: “It is for William to decide. I don't think Kate will say anything, but leave it up to William. “I know it's her birthday party as well but she will go with William.” Others argued that the Cambridges deserved to be able to enjoy their party. Username Paula_Boo said: “No absolutely NOT. William and Catherine need to be free to enjoy their party without worry.” Username mary05 wrote: “No…let Wills and Kate have a party and let them have a great time.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry 'humiliated' as 'worst blow' of Jubilee laid bare [INSIGHT]Fans gush over rare glimpse of frail monarch snapped for first time since Jubilee [LATEST]Meghan and Harry's popularity faces 'further dent' after 'victimhood messaging' [VIDEO] And username Mack20 said: “No way should Harry and Meghan get an invitation! “This is a time for William and Catherine to really celebrate and enjoy.” While Romea22 said: “William and Kate should invite who they want to attend.” Royal expert Angela Levin has said that the party would revolve around family and told the Sun: “William and Kate will be equals on their birthday. It won't be about either of them, it'll be about both of them. It will be very family-oriented and wholesome rather than ‘look at me’.” However, other readers thought that the invitation should be extended to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Username Sandra Land said: “Yes I believe both Harry and Meghan should attend William and Kate’s Birthday bash, at the end of the day they are family!” Another, username JanetWCQ1958 said: “Yes he should. It would prove he is the bigger man but on condition that it is an entirely private occasion and they are barred from discussing it with anyone outside the Royal Family or using it in his book or their Netflix series.” And username Castoff said: “Harry should go…and be with his family. Relax, see your family and friends hang out like you used to.”