The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been widely tipped to get a new home in Windsor Castle over the summer and have their children attend schools in Berkshire. This location would be particularly convenient as it is close to both the Queen and the maternal grandparents of Prince George, Prince Louis and Princess Charlotte - the Middletons, who live in Bucklebury. A friend has claimed relocating to Windsor would provide Kate and William's children more freedom than remaining in London. However, the Cambridges are already thinking about moving their permanent base somewhere else when the time is right, the source added. They told The Sunday Times: "The reality is they are quite confined in what they can do in London. "The kids can’t go into the park and kick a football with friends. "Their plan is to be there for the next ten to 15 years and then move to Anmer, which is so special to them." According to the source, Anmer Hall - a residence on the Queen's Sandringham estate - is Kate and William's "happy place". The insider added Kate and Prince William would be making Anmer Hall their permanent base "after the school years". In the immediate future, the reported royal residence shake-up would see the Cambridges retain Kensington Palace as their main home in London and site of their private and press office. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'sidelines' by 'callous' Firm Over the past weeks, the Duke and Duchess have been reported to have set their hearts on Adelaide Cottage, a newly-renovated Grade II residence which has seen, among its previous residents, Princess Margaret's lover Peter Townsend. However, their stay here would be temporarily, with the Times saying it is understood the Cambridges could move into Windsor Castle once Prince Charles becomes King, as the heir to the throne is not planning to spend as much time in Berkshire as his mother does. Since tying the knot in April 2011, Kate and William have lived in a number of residences. Immediately after the nuptials, they stayed at Nottingham Cottage on the grounds of Kensington Palace, which later became the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's first home as a married couple.  While setting their eyes on Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace, they relocated to Anglesey, Wales, as the Duke was based there while working as a RAF Search & Rescue team member. Following a £12million renovation, Kensington Palace became the Cambridges' main residence. However, the young family spent a large part of their time at Anmer Hall between 2015 and 2017, while William was working as a pilot with the East Anglian Air Ambulance. Since leaving his post in 2017, William and his family fully made their London home their main residence. Prince George and Princess Charlotte are currently attending Thomas's Battersea school while Prince Louis was enrolled at Willcocks Nursery School in the spring of 2021. If Kate and William are really to move to Windsor, the children will likely be enrolled into new schools in Berkshire. The Cambridges still spend most of their breaks and weekends at their beloved Anmer Hall. Last summer, Kate and William were reportedly spotted teaching their children how to sail. In April last year, to mark their 10th wedding anniversary, Kate and William released a brief clip showing themselves and their children cuddling and playing on a beach near their Norfolk home. Anmer Hall was also the main residence of the Cambridges during the most part of the months of lockdown between 2020 and 2021.