Sharing on parents' forum Mumsnet, the woman, who wished to remain anonymous, explained: "Next door neighbours have a Chihuahua. It barks every time it's out in the garden and sometimes this can go on for a good 15-20 minutes without the owners stopping it." She continued: "It has always been like this for the past year I have lived here, but I am seriously f*** now it's getting warmer and my door is open. "The dog also barks regularly indoors even when one of the neighbours is home with it. Even if the door is open for the dog to go back in, it still barks, just staring at the back door. "The dog has a very loud, high-pitched bark and it's regularly waking me up too when I sleep through the day because of work. "I have just lost my patience and shouted for them to shut the dog up! READ MORE: Kate Middleton has 'high levels of trust' in Mike Tindall "I was working from home on a call the other day actually and had the back door open to enjoy the lovely weather, but the dog started barking and 10 minutes later it was still barking. "Again, I lost my patience, slammed the back door shut and the neighbours must have told the dog to be quiet as it shut up but why aren't they doing anything? "They are decent neighbours apart from this. "Maybe it's just me though? Perhaps dogs bark and as it's not all day then should I be more tolerant?"  Neighbour disputes are something most people want to avoid but in some circumstances, having a chat is necessary to solve the issue. Other mums shared their thoughts with one saying: "To be honest your reaction is probably not going to help much. "Going round to have a word may have had a better result. I have a dog and I get that it would be annoying. "My neighbour leaves his out most of the day and it whines a lot. It is annoying so I get your point." Another one said: "I think some owners must tune it out, I'd love to know how, it drives me nuts and I'm also straight on mine if they bark!" Forum user @BeachTree explained: "I have the same issue with my neighbour who has a small yappy terrier, that barks for hours on end when it's left alone (in a flat). "No idea where it finds the energy. "I've spoken to the owners multiple times and nothing changes. "It barks at everyone and everything. "The minute it's let out the front door it's barking aggressively at anyone unfortunate enough to be walking past and the owners do absolutely nothing. "Try calling the RSPCA or the council as someone above suggested perhaps? That might make the crappy owners sit up." Another Mumsnet user agreed: "Your local council's Environmental Health Officer can investigate and take action if you can hear the barking indoors with windows and doors shut."