Thiago Silva has urged Chelsea to sign his Brazil teammate Neymar this summer. The winger, who joined Paris Saint-Germain for a world record transfer of £200million in 2017, has been made available for a transfer. Neymar has been linked with a surprise move to Stamford Bridge this summer with his five-year spell at Parc des Princes set to come to an end. The PSG officials have made clear he is not part of the club’s plans ahead of the new season. Blues defender Silva who has spent years playing alongside the 30-year-old in the Brazil national team, shared his thoughts on a potential move coming to fruition – making it clear and simple. “He has to go to Chelsea,” Silva told Brazilian outlet, JC. JUST IN: Liverpool 'pass' on three Premier League stars despite 'easy' deals “If it happens, it will be for the best. He needs no comments… So far, I don’t know anything, but I hope it comes to fruition.” This is the second time the west London side have shown interest in the Brazilian playmaker – notably trying to swoop him in 2010 from Santos who turned down the offer. His five year stay in Paris has seen him win four Ligue 1 titles, but since then, PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi has questioned Neymar’s commitment and the Parisian side have reportedly been “fed up” with his attitude. “Neymar does not like to train, he has played with three or four extra kilos for years,” a close source said. “But in the competition, he has been the most honest attacker of the team, the one who has run the most to help [the team].” DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerTottenham 'prepared to make player-plus-cash offer' for Man Utd target Antony  Al Khelaifi’s recent comments about his future at the club, hinted at it being over. “Dreams are one thing, reality is another,” he told Le Parisien. “Perhaps we should change our slogan… Dream bigger is good, but today we must be realistic, we don’t want flashy, bling-bling anymore, it’s the end of the glitter. “We can’t talk about it in the media, some will come, and some will go, but these are private negotiations. “We want young, talented, committed players with a winning mentality, people who want to die for this badge. We want to be stronger collectively, to play as a team and for the club to be above all.”    A potential reunion with Thomas Tuchel is set be on the cards, and Neymar previously expressed how much he enjoyed being coached under the German between 2018 and 2020 at Parc des Princes. "Thomas Tuchel? I would give my life on the pitch for him. He is a truly brilliant man," he said. New owner Todd Boehly is keen on making an instant impression after recently completing the takeover of the club and is closing in on completing a £55m swoop for Leeds' Raphinha.