The Queen is known for her classic style and elegant make-up looks. On Lorraine, make-up artist Lisa Potter-Dixon shared how the monarch creates her stunning locks. Presenter Ranvir Singh said: “The thing you always notice is how beautiful her skin has remained over the years.” Lisa said: “She looks sensational. There’s a thing called the Royal Warrant where brands can actually have that if The Queen has bought their products for years and years. “So we have brands like Elizabeth Arden that have had it for the entire time she’s been on the throne, so 70 years. “Clarins, Molton Brown, so we know she loves those products.” READ MORE: Prince George wears Prince William's outfit 31 years later - pictures The Queen often embraces colour in her make-up looks, adding red or pink lipstick to compliment her outfits. A new official photo of The Queen was released to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee which showed off her signature make-up style. According to Lisa, The Queen does all her own make-up. She is often spotted touching up her lipstick at events. Lisa said: “It’s said that she does her own makeup. Can you believe it? It’s a rumour, but I believe it’s true, I believe it’s true.” The former Royal Butler, Paul Burrell told Ranvir The Queen carries a powder compact and her “lippy” in her handbag. The Queen is rarely spotted in public without a handbag and she reportedly owns more than 200 Launer bags. Lisa showed viewers how to create a make-up look fit for a member of the Royal Family as she used a blusher on a model. She said: “A bit of blusher makes such a difference doesn’t it? This palette by Vieve is perfect, you get four different colours in here which is brilliant.” The coveted Royal Warrant means that The Queen regularly uses a brand and offers official recognition. The Queen is reportedly a huge fan of Elizabeth Arden products while Clarins even created a shade of lipstick for her coronation in 1953. Floris London also holds a Royal Warrant and the historic family business supplies perfume to The Queen. Molton Brown is another of the monarch’s favourite beauty brands and Balmoral Castle reportedly has the brand’s soap and lotion in every bathroom. The Queen appeared on the balcony today to the delight of Royal fans who had thronged the Mall to watch the celebrations. She was joined on the balcony by several members of the Royal Family, including the Duchess and Duke of Cambridge and their children. The Queen wore a blue diamante dress with a diamond brooch, a pearl necklace and pearl earrings. She was photographed smiling wearing a pair of white gloves as she was surrounded by family.