The triple lock is supposed to help state pensions stay roughly in line with the cost of living so retirees can enjoy their hard-earned savings without worrying about counting the pennies. This rise was suspended in 2022 because the country was just coming out of lockdown, but next year it is expected to go ahead and increase pensioners’ income. State pensions are supposed to increase every year with the highest of the following three things: inflation, the average salary increase, or 2.5 percent. This is known as the triple lock and the idea was first introduced in 2010 when the Lib Dems and Conservatives formed a coalition government. In the 2019 general election, the Tories promised to keep the triple lock in place if they were re-elected. READ MORE: Retirement and me: Mum torn between 'selling house or pension early' However, when the pandemic came around a lot of people were placed on furlough and saw their wages cut. As people started going back to work when lockdown ended, wages shot up by about eight percent which would mean state pensions should have followed suit. The Government decided to suspend the triple lock to save £5 billion which it needed to prop up the economy - breaking a manifesto pledge. A statement from the Department for Work and Pensions last September read: “Younger people have been hit hardest by the financial impacts of the pandemic, and the artificial inflation of pensioner incomes at this time would be out of kilter with the pressures being experienced by the rest of the population.” If the triple lock had not been frozen, pensioners would have had an extra income boost of £882 per year in 2022. But the Government announced state pensions will increase in line with triple lock rules in 2023, meaning a rise in line with the highest of the three measures. UK inflation reached the highest rate in 40 years this month when it hit 9.1 percent and it is expected to rise again before the end of the year. DON'T MISS:State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change [INSIGHT]Barclays is closing 15 more branches - full list of closures [REVEAL]Inheritance tax warning as you may have to sell family home fast [ANALYSIS] The Bank of England believes inflation will rise to about ten percent in 2022, that would mean state pensions increase by £960 over the year in line with triple lock rules. A new rate would see the state pension of £185.15 per week increase to £203.67, or £814.68 per month. State pension payments are made every four weeks and the total amount at the current rate is about £9,600 a year. A rise to £203.67 per week would see total state pension payments of £10,500 over the year - a vital cash injection for retirees during the cost of living crisis. Charities supporting pensioners say the triple lock is vital for helping elderly people maintain a good standard of living. Research by Age UK last year showed about 18 percent of pensioners in the UK live in poverty, an increase from 14 percent in 2014. The state pension age is 66 in the UK right now but this will increase to 67 from 2026. The state pension is uplifted in April at the beginning of the new tax year.