Democracy Institute director Patrick Basham was responding in a video interview to Express.co.uk after a monthly tracker poll for his website found Mr Johnson is the most popular choice for an alternative President ahead of any world leader. The Prime Minister got 31 percent of the responses from the 1,500 likely voters polled for the Democracy Institute/ Express.co.uk poll. The Prime Minister only just clung on to his job on Monday after 148 Conservative MPs - 41 percent of his Parliamentary colleagues - gave him a vote of no confidence. With UK polls showing that the allegations around Partygate drinking in Downing Street during lockdown still having an effect on popular opinion Mr Johnson is only just hanging on to office. The recent Techne UK/ Express weekly tracker poll put the Conservatives eight points behind Labour, while 54 percent of voters think he has been too slow to grasp the opportunities of Brexit. But Mr Johnson came well above other world leaders among the Democracy Institute survey of US voters as an alternative to Joe Biden. Mr Johnson, who was born in New York and only just renounced his US citizenship, is qualified to run for the White House as well as Downing Street. The US Constitution states that a US President must be born in the United States of America. And while some of his harshest criticisms have been about his policy platform in the UK, Mr Basham suggested that he could "rise above it" as US President. He said: "His (Boris Johnson’s) skills are probably better suited to gaining support for himself and what people perceive to be the platform that he is promoting. "Whether you agree with his policies or not, there is a leadership quality that would serve him well in a Presidential system. READ MORE: Tory leadership hopeful Mordaunt sets out 'path' to election win "Whereas the day-to-day slings and arrows of a Parliamentary system that also involves having to be knee deep in policy making than a President is something that probably doesn’t help him. "He would be more detached than that." Mr Basham added: "Joe Biden would not last five minutes in a Parliamentary system because the issues that personally he is facing now you can skate somewhat above that in a Presidential system." The next most popular was French President Emmanuel Macron in a distant second on 20 percent while Justin Trudeau of Canada polled 18 percent only just ahead of Vladimir Putin on 16 percent despite the Ukraine war. DON'T MISS Migrant crisis could END after Libya and US diplomatic ‘breakthrough'  [REVEAL] Have Your Say: Should Boris call snap election to end Tory rebellion? [REACT] Boris Johnson never stood a chance thanks to 'biased BBC' [INSIGHT] Mr Johnson’s next big challenges come with an investigation by the Standards and Privileges Committee over whether he lied to Parliament about Partygate. There are also two key by-elections called because of two Conservative MPs resigning over scandals - one found guilty of sexually abusing a 15-year-old and the second one caught watching porn in Parliament. Tory MPs are said to be waiting for the results of the two by-elections before deciding whether to make another move against Mr Johnson.