Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared how to keep shower screens free from limescale. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Amanda Boynett asked: “Hi we are just having a brand new walk-in shower fitted so the glass is perfect (at the moment). “We live in a hard water area, can anyone suggest how to keep it sparkling and not get the build up of limescale that was on my old shower glass please? “Thank you in advance.” Amanda’s post was inundated with almost 100 comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 13p fruit to remove limescale from my kettle The most popular response was to use an “e-cloth” or a microfibre cloth after using the shower. Margaret Brown said: “E-cloths, definitely.” Karen Mcconnachie replied: “E-cloth - best purchase ever.” Liz Mitchell commented: “A glass cloth love” Brenda Swift said: “Careful if it has a ‘stay clean’ coating on it as any chemicals could lift this and damage the finish. “I have just had a new shower door fitted and just use a squeegee and an e-cloth after a shower and it’s staying limescale free (fairly hard water area).”  DON'T MISS‘Effective’ ways to get rid of mice in homes with natural scents [INSIGHT]Cleaning: ‘Great way’ to banish flies from homes - works ‘instantly’ [UPDATE]‘Critical to-do’ gardening task to grow ‘oversized’ peony blooms [ANALYSIS] Sarah Massey suggested: “At the end of my shower I rub the glass all over with soapy hands (shower gel or shampoo). “Then dry with an e-cloth. “No chemicals needed still clear glass after nearly five years.” Val Chance said: “E-cloth or microfibre cloth after every use. “My showers are like brand new 12 years down the line.” E-Cloth Kitchen Whiz are available to buy from Waitrose & Partners for £3. A packet of two E-cloth Wash & Wipe Kitchen Cloths are available from Sainsbury’s for £2.40, which works out at just £1.20 per cloth. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea E-Cloth Two Wash and Wipe Kitchen Cloths cost £3.29 from Amazon. E-Cloth Glass & Polishing Single are £4.99 from Holland & Barrett. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using baking soda, a squeegee, Rainex, Method shower spray and washing up liquid. Louise Miller said: “Bicarbonate of soda, lemon juice and washing up liquid. “Mix then rub all over the area and rinse off...so clear after.” Vicki Phillips replied: “Squeegee after every use and then once a week use a Dishmatic or Scrub Daddy with Fairy Liquid to clean it.  “Rinse with the shower and squeegee again or window vac if you have one.” Charlotte Walker-Miller commented: “Use Rainex on the shower screen. “It’s what is used on windscreens to repel water and works great on our shower.” Angela Brace suggested: “Method daily shower spray.” Wendy Reed wrote: “Use car polish on it when it is clean. Water will just roll off.”