Many people think that by eating carbohydrates they'll gain weight, while this strictly is true, it is the same if a person overeats any macronutrient. But doctors have explained how to keep carbs in a diet and still see the numbers on the scale go down.  Carbs are essential for a healthy body and should not be removed from the diet and are the body's "preferred" energy source. They help fuel your brain, kidneys, heart muscles, and central nervous system. But overeating them can lead to weight gain. "If you're not that active and you eat a lot of starches, your body won't use that energy it's taking in," explained Dr Cedrina Calder. "It's just going to be stored as fat and you're going to gain weight." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake But while low carbohydrate diets can be very effective for weight loss, they don't need to be completely eliminated. "If you're trying to lose weight, try decreasing the number of starches you're eating," advised Dr Calder. "Not eliminating them, I'm not necessarily saying you should go keto. "Decrease your amount of starches, and focus on eating more whole grain sources of carbs." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Dr Calder recommends reducing the refined carbs from your diet and eating more whole grains instead because most have more fibre and nutrients in them. The number of carbs a person should eat every day for weight loss varies depending on their age, sex, body type, and activity levels. UK guidelines suggest that people aim for an average of 30g of carbs per day, but most only eat around 18g. Carbs can also help you lose weight, as they contain fewer calories gram for gram than fat. The NHS states that by replacing foods high in fat and sugar with fibre-rich food, the overall number of calories you eat will reduce. Health experts recommend eating high carb foods that are still incredibly heathy, such as: Quinoa Oats Bananas Sweet potatoes Beets Oranges Blueberries Kidney beans Refined carbs such as white bread and pasta can lead to weight gain if consumed in high amounts. But opting for whole grain varieties of these high carb foods will boost your intake of important nutrients, including fibre, vitamins, and minerals.