Ruby Wax, 69, has revealed to fans she is going through her first big bout of depression in over a decade. The comedian took to Instagram yesterday to make the candid confession in view of her 62,700 followers. She uploaded two pictures of herself - one serious and another one smiling - which contrasted her different moods. Ruby captioned the post: “A sure sign of depression is dead eyes (first picture). “In contrast to me when alive and well (second picture).” She also added the hashtags: “#MentalHealth #MentalHealthAwareness #Depression #DepressionAwareness #Mindfulness #Wellness #Frazzled #FrazzledCafe #MentalHealthMatters.” The post comes just days after the Girls On Top star asked fans to “wish me luck” as she faced the “signs” of a bout of depression. Ruby shared a close-up picture of her eyes as she looked into the distance and penned a lengthy, heartfelt statement. She announced: “Because I’m committed to dropping the shame, I feel I need to walk the talk at this point. Here’s the situation - I have depression at the moment.” Ruby went on to explain that nothing specific had triggered the episode and that she had been able to spot the “early onslaughts” in the past. She continued: “Nothing happened specifically to bring it on. I come from a long line of ancestors with various flavours of mental illness, so genetically, it seems it’s a no-brainer that I’d be the next in line. “Not my fault, or even the fault of my relatives, it’s deeply planted in our genes. “My last bad bout was about 12 years ago so I haven’t done badly. Mindfulness was a wonderful tool, helping me spot early onslaughts and awareness is the key.” Ruby concluded the statement explaining that she had not been able to “spot the signs” early on this time around, but clarified that she was “coming out of it already”. DON'T MISS...'Never understood people obsessed with money', says Beatles' star's ex [LATEST]Ruth Langsford’s friends rally around her as she shares grief for dad [UPDATE]John McEnroe on Emma Raducanu's chances at Wimbledon [INSIGHT] She said: “This time, I didn’t spot the signs. I’m coming out of it already otherwise I wouldn’t be able to write this because you can hardly speak, let alone type. “When I recover, I’m going to write my next book called, ‘I’m Not As Well As I Thought I Was’. Wish me luck.” Ruby was soon inundated with an outpouring of support from fans in the post’s comments section. Flyte83 said: “It proper crept up on you, not your fault. Thank you for your sharing and your storytelling gift always.” Yvonnetf added: “Thank you. You describe it to a tee! Hope you’re feeling better soon x” Abercrombielouise typed: “So much respect for you and being so honest in your post.” If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.