Wimbledon Tennis Tournament 2022 kicked off on Monday on BBC and saw the long-anticipated return of Andy Murray, Emma Radacanu and Novak Djokovic. Whilst presenting alongside John McEnroe, Sue Barker sent her support to friend and former champion Boris Becker as the first tournament kicked off since his conviction. Tennis champion Boris Becker was jailed last month for two and a half years after he was found guilty of four charges under the Insolvency Act. The former world number one and BBC commentator was declared bankrupt on June 21, 2017, and is expected to serve half of his sentence behind bars. Wimbledon kicked off on Monday afternoon, with Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray kicking off the games. It was recently revealed that BBC presenter Sue Barker would be stepping down after the tournament after 30 years of appearing on viewers' screens. READ MORE: Jon Kay skewers Eustice over energy usage plans On Monday, she sent an emotional message to support her former colleague Boris alongside co-presenter John. At the end of Novak Djokovic’s first-round victory, John commented: "Boris, we love you. We miss you, man.” Sue replied: "We do, indeed. Well said.” Many viewers praised the pair for publically mentioning Boris, with @cumiskey55 taking to Twitter: "Good on you, John McEnroe, for mentioning Boris Becker, a friend is still a friend. #Wimbledon." @Clare51376087 joked: "Could Boris Becker reduce some of his sentence by doing some free commentary for the BBC? Finding I am missing his knowledge! #Wimbledon." @Reelofthe51st added: " Loved this from @JohnMcEnroe @Wimbledon #BorisBecker #Wimbledon." @Lindsey_J0nes wished: "Watching #Wimbledon and John McEnroe has just sent a message to Boris Becker saying he’s missed. "Could he be back commentating next year? I hope so. Commentary is not the same without BB!" DON'T MISS...Wimbledon Covid chaos deepens as Rafael Nadal picture emerges [INSIGHT]Nick Kyrgios accuses Wimbledon fans of 'racial slurs' as tempers flare [LATEST]Raducanu told four key things to do to challenge Swiatek at Wimbledon [WATCH] @WokChic exclaimed: "Well said, John McEnroe. Sorry Boris isn’t with us #Wimbledon." (sic) His public call to his friend Boris comes after John recently admitted that he wants to visit his friend in prison. He told The Sun: "I feel horrible. Boris is a friend of mine, this is just horrible. I want to see him if I possibly can if he’s willing to see people or can. "He’s one of the great players that ever played the game. And I know it meant a lot to Boris, he’s been going through a lot for a long time. "He kept telling me it’s going to be okay. You know, it’s under control. That’s Boris, he was just a very confident player on the court." Sue announced her departure earlier this year and revealed: "What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. "I will miss it terribly, but after 30 years, I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best." Wimbledon airs daily from 11am on BBC One and Two.