Yesterday Express.co.uk exclusively revealed that Mike Tindall had been overheard referring to Prince Harry using an insulting term during the Duke’s return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The remark was made to a fellow guest at a reception following the Platinum Party at the Palace on Saturday, June 4. Following the concert, broadcast live from just outside Buckingham Palace, Mr Tindall spoke to a fellow guest and referred to Prince Harry’s behaviour as that of a “b*****d”. Reacting to the news, royal watchers on social media rallied behind Mr Tindall. One Reddit user posted: “As an American, I have no idea what Mike Tindall said, but if it's bleeped out, he's not wrong.” Fellow American DuchessPoe wrote: "I must say, I really hope he said it! #StandWithMike." During the extended weekend, Jonatha29781423 said: "As an American I've really grown to like Mike Tindall all during the Jubilee. Mike is a national treasure." Twitter user Cathrin39975438, then commented on Thursday: “Not that I am a fan of Tindall but he is correct.” Fellow social media user DDenouncement added: “I didn’t think I could love Mike Tindall more…but I do!” However, some sided with the Duke of Sussex, with one Twitter user, Cazicaz_May55, posting: “I wouldn’t pay attention to anything Mike Tindall has to say about Harry & Meghan.” READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK The account added: “Everyone seems to pick a side, he picked William.” Prince Harry and Meghan officially appeared at just one engagement across the Jubilee weekend. They arrived at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 with the rest of the Royal Family for a thanksgiving service, and were caught on camera leaving after the event. The Queen's granddaughter, Zara Tindall, waited on the cathedral steps and turned to speak with those just leaving the building. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation? [VOTE] William and Charles were ‘right’ to block Andrew from Garter Day [REVEAL] She then talks animatedly with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, while her husband appears to visibly avoid engaging with the pair. Mr Tindall opts instead to look into the distance and strike up a conversation with David Armstrong-Jones, Earl of Snowdon. Body language expert Judi James then told Express.co.uk that “Mike’s closeness to William” appeared to “have created a bit of a dilemma as Harry stepped out into Zara’s group”. She said: “Zara looks happy to chat and even turns fully to talk to Harry here, who is looking anxious and keen to get into his own car. “Mike though remains facing forward, looking about and holding his order of service up with a look of awkwardness. “In the end he talks to Viscount Lindley, who turns his own back on Harry, cutting the two men off from Zara’s conversation with Harry.” Royal commentator Lady Colin Campbell also claimed "nobody would speak" to Meghan and Harry at Jubilee engagements, with Zara the notable exception. Lady Colin told GB News: “Between the booing and the cold-shouldering that they got from everybody, my understanding is that by the time they left they were absolutely spitting bricks. “And then the coup de grace as far as they were concerned was not only that they were booed, but while they were waiting for their car, nobody would speak to them except Zara. “Mike Tindall avoided them like the plague. He made absolutely sure he did not catch their eye.” A representative for Mike and Zara Tindall has been approached for comment.