Sir Mick Jagger, 78, left his second youngest son Lucas, 23, devastated by the announcement that he had succumbed to the virus and would be forced to cancel his planned appearances with the Rolling Stones. "Dadda!" an anxious Lucas exclaimed on Instagram, adding crying emojis to demonstrate his grief. The Rolling Stones had been due to perform that evening as part of their Sixty tour, which would have seen them perform 14 times across ten different countries in Europe. An official statement by the band apologetically explained that they had "been forced to call off tonight's concert in Amsterdam at the Johan Cruijff ArenA, following Mick Jagger testing positive". The septogenerian has shown incredible stamina despite his increasing age, leading many younger people to wish they had 'Moves Like Jagger'. However, the atmosphere among the star's family members turned darker when they learnt the news. READ NOW: Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury Lucas' mother, the Brazilian model and TV presenter Luciana Gimenez, took to the same Instagram post's comments section to reassure him. "He will be OK, my darling. We are here for him," she insisted. "The Rolling Stones are deeply sorry for tonight's postponement, but the safety of the audience, fellow musicians and the touring crew has to take priority," the band stated. They added that the show would be rescheduled for a later date, and that existing tickets would be honoured when it took place. Prior to contracting Covid, Mick had seemed to be in excellent health and spirits. The tour kicked off at the start of the month in Spain, and he took the opportunity to enjoy a night out on the town. "Enjoying lots of what Madrid has to offer, from fallen angels to Flamenco!" Mick had posted on his Instagram account. His 2.5 million followers were then treated to a string of snaps from the city, including a video clip of the locals dancing.  Mick posed by a bar, a statue, and even next to the classic Picasso painting, Guernica. Showing his sense of humour hasn't dulled over the years, he had also taken a cheeky snap beside a mannequin wearing a wedding dress. The rockers subsequently got together to celebrate co-star Ronnie Wood's 75th birthday, which also coincided with the 47th anniversary of the rocker joining the group. Also among the revellers had been Mick's girlfriend Melanie, 35, and their young son Devereux, five, who had been joining them on every date of the tour. Devereux is Mick's youngest child, and 23-year-old Lucas - the result of an affair he had during his marriage to Jerry Hall - is the star's second youngest. The devastating Covid news has now cast doubt on the Rolling Stones' London tour dates this summer. The band had been scheduled to play two shows at Hyde Park, on both June 25 and July 3. However, Mick is expected to keep fans updated on his progress.