Virgin Media has just announced the launch of a very tempting deal that includes a free Xbox Series S when customers sign up for certain TV and broadband bundles. This next-gen console usually costs over £240 so this is a very good deal from the broadband and TV firm. As a quick reminder, the Xbox Series S features a slimline design, an in-built hard drive and full access to Microsoft's Game Pass. Even if that gaming console doesn't take your fancy there's also the option to grab £200 credit that will be added to your bill. These offers are available on a number of TV and broadband plans including the Bigger Bundle + Movies and the Ultimate Volt Bundle with prices starting from just £62 per month. If any of that sounds enticing then here are all the deals available right now from Virgin. VIRGIN FREE XBOX DEALS Bigger Bundle + Movies • £62 per monthINCLUDES: M100 broadband, Sky Cinema HD, over 200 channels plus Talk WeekendsOFFER: Get a FREE Xbox Series S or £200 bill creditSMALL PRINT: £35 setup fee | 18 month contract • SEE THE DEAL HERE Biggest TV Bundle • £79 per monthINCLUDES: M350 broadband, Sky Sports, Sky Cinema HD, over 210 channels plus Talk Weekends and Netflix.OFFER: Get a FREE Xbox Series S or £200 bill creditSMALL PRINT: £35 setup fee | 18 month contract • SEE THE DEAL HERE Ultimate Volt Bundle • £85 per monthINCLUDES: Gig1 broadband, Sky Cinema HD, Sky Sports over 230 channels plus Talk Anytime and an unlimited SIM for your phone.OFFER: Get a FREE Xbox Series S or £200 bill creditSMALL PRINT: £35 setup fee | 18-month contract • SEE THE DEAL HERE You can find all of these Virgin Media here. Before you sign on the dotted line, it's also worth noting that Sky has also just revealed its first-ever deal on Sky Glass. This TV which launched late last year now comes with a £100 Mastercard to be spent in stores that accept this form of payment. This offer is available across the entire range of tellies including the 44-inch, 55-inch and 66-inch models. If you weren't already aware, Sky Glass offer an easy way to watch Sky's library of content without the need for a dish stuck to the wall. Everything is beamed to the big screen via your broadband connection making it simple to install and move to any room in your home. Live TV, catch up services and Sky's premium content can all be viewed plus there's a Playlists section which stores all of your favourite shows via the cloud. If you want to know more about Sky Glass then you can read our full review here.