Antony has hailed new Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag as the Red Devils' interest in him ramps up. The Brazilian has starred under Ten Hag at Ajax over the past two years, helping them to win two Eredivisie titles and the KNVB Cup. His performances in the Netherlands have now marked him out of a target for United. Ten Hag is set to conduct a major overhaul of the Red Devils this summer as he seeks to turn them around from their disastrous campaign last term. The Dutchman has now received the backing of Antony to succeed in his task, with the Brazilian praising his coaching credentials. And his comments may also suggest that he would be delighted to link back up with the Dutchman at Old Trafford. “Every player under his guidance becomes a better player thanks to his training. Ten Hag wants to do everything to make their team play well. He has many qualities, he knows how to improve the players he coaches," Antony told De Telegraaf. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag would 'like to buy' Denzel Dumfries United are thought to be stepping up their efforts to sign Antony, with Canal do Nicola reporting that the Red Devils have submitted for £38.4million bid for the 22-year-old. They are acting after Ten Hag informed the club's hierarchy that Antony is his top target to strengthen his attacking options. It is stated that while Ajax are 'yet to respond' to United's offer, the Dutch champions are expected to demand a higher fee. Antony is viewed as being an important player at the Johan Cruyff Arena. DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'ready Lewandowski transfer bid' if £20m Barcelona move fails (TRANSFERS)Erik ten Hag schedules Harry Maguire Man Utd captain talks (NEWS)Man Utd target De Jong's four-word response to question on Barca exit (INSIGHT) So much so that Ten Hag himself acknowledged that it would be hard for Ajax to replace him. He said last month: "If Antony were to go, it would be a loss for Ajax. You have no-one in the current squad who can take over his position. He is top class." If Antony does come to Old Trafford, as he would appear to be hinting, then it could spell trouble for United's current stars. Jadon Sancho, Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford are among those to have struggled last term, with Antony a potential upgrade.