After the successful season one premiere, Paramount Plus announced the renewal of Star Trek: Strange New Worlds after the instalment was met with praise from viewers. Ahead of its release, La’an Noonien-Singh star Christina Chong dropped a major teaser about season two.  As the Star Trek spin-off approaches its season one finale, fans are anticipating what the final episode will bring for the characters on board the USS Enterprise. Thankfully for fans, it's unlikely there will be an antagonising wait for season two as the cast has already begun production. Star Trek Strange New Worlds, transported fans before the events of Star Trek’s original series. It followed Captain Christopher Pike (played by Anson Mount) and his crew as they explored the galaxy’s new worlds in the 23rd century.  READ MORE: America’s Got Talent viewers rocked by 10-year-old’s metal audition With filming for season two officially underway, La’an star Christina Chong dropped a major teaser, hinting at what fans can expect. In a cast interview with Deadline, the actress shared: “If you enjoyed season one, season two takes it to a whole other level. “We're getting scripts in completely in awe of everything that Henry [Alonso Myers] and Akiva [Goldsman] have created. “And, I mean, if you love season one you're going to absolutely go crazy over season two,” she concluded.  The first season of Star Trek Strange New Worlds reprised a number of legendary fan-favourite characters including Spock, who was played by Ethan Peck. Celia Rose Gooding portrayed Nyota Uhura while Jess Bush starred as Christine Chapel. Although a number of the cast landed the roles of established and beloved characters, La’an was one of the newest additions to the franchise. She was introduced as the Enterprise’s newly assigned chief of security, whose lineage was linked to important Trek history.  DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Star Trek Strange New Worlds: Spock star on his unexpected fate [INSIGHT]Star Trek's Borg Queen star Alice Krige on possible return to Picard [INSIGHT] During the episode titled ‘Momento Mori’ fans gained a major insight into the character and her overt connections. It was revealed, La’an was the granddaughter of one of the franchise’s biggest villains, Khan Noonien-Singh (Ricardo Montalban). As a result of this connection, she had reservations and didn’t feel as though she belonged on the ship. However, the entire ship of crewmates was welcoming, they accepted her, and helped to make her feel at home.  Just when she began to soften, La’an was forced to face her terrifying childhood memories when the starship was under attack by Gorn It was soon revealed, she had been abducted by Gorn as a youngster, but was forced to soldier through her trauma as she was the key to saving the Enterprise from the reptilian aliens. As well as the return of these characters in season two, fans can look forward to the arrival of James T. Kirk (Paul Wesley). Speaking on his arrival, Rebecca Romijn, who starred as Number One, told SFX. "It’s very exciting, we’re actually shooting an episode right now and the very last thing that happens in that episode. “I mean certain things happen and you just read it on the page and you burst into tears. That involves Jim Kirk.” Star Trek: Strange New Worlds is available in the US on Paramount Plus and will be available on Paramount Plus in the UK on Wednesday, June 22. 