The Duke of Cambridge, 40, was seen celebrating the Platinum Jubilee with his entire family during the weekend as he walked ahead to lead the Royal Family. However, on Tuesday, the Duke returned back to his duties as part of the Firm and honoured Sir Patrick, 62, who was elevated to become a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath for his role in the Covid response.  The Order of the Bath recognises the work of senior military officials and civil servants. Sir Patrick was originally knighted back in 2019 but his new honour upgrades him to a higher rank. As Prince William returned to the royal duties after a big celebratory weekend, the royal fans were impressed with his dedication. A Twitter user Amandeep Stevens tweeted: “Can I just say about Prince William, does he ever get a day off?  “Yes I'm aware he leads a privileged life & the last few days have been fun but we all know that feeling of being knackered. “Trooping, Beacons, meeting people, St Paul's, Cardiff, concert, pageant, kids, talking.” Another Twitter user, JM McCarthy, tweeted: “You back at work? I thought you’d have a day off after the big weekend!” A third Twitter user, Sarahdelore, tweeted: “Wow, back to work already. Congrats to all award recipients!” READ MORE: Kate and William forced to reject Meghan and Harry Lili olive branch The Duke performs official duties and engagements on behalf of the Queen. In January this year, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge brought their star power to Commonwealth nations including Belize, as part of a Caribbean tour to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. He holds patronage with over 30 charitable and military organisations, including the Tusk Trust, Centrepoint, and London's Air Ambulance Charity. He undertakes projects through The Royal Foundation, with his charity work revolving around mental health, conservation, and emergency workers.  DON'T MISS: Europe holiday hell as Italy hammered by ice cream GB news: Boris Johnson must declare ‘all-out war’ Royal Family LIVE: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry