They claim the sitter took their Bernese Mountain dog on a walk while it was hot outside, with the animal collapsing in the back of the car from the heat. The pet was taken out around Gloucester with his brother on June 17 between 4pm and 8pm.  The owner is appealing for anyone with information to come forward as the dog sitter was not permitted to take the animals out for a walk, reports Gloucestershire Live. Andrea Brown, 49, from Gloucester, had found the dog sitter on an agency website and had used them on and off for several months. She said: "I have had Banjo and his brother since they were pups, and both are seven years old, but I have kept Bernese Mountain dogs for years. "I know you can not take them for walks like you would a spaniel or a terrier. "You especially can not take them out when it was hot like it was on Friday." The family had gone away for the weekend. The dog sitter who had been known to the family for some time was employed to go to the family home to let the dogs out as agreed. Andrea said: "I had never given permission for the sitter to take my dogs out. We had got ready to leave the house at 4pm and by 8pm Banjo was dead. "The dog sitter had called me all in a panic to say Banjo has collapsed. I asked where they were and I was told in town. "I could not believe what I was hearing and asked why they walked the dogs into town and they said to me they had taken the dogs in a car into town. "I heard nothing then until the vets called me to tell me my dog was dead." The family gathered up their things quickly and rushed back home. Now they want to find out what happened to their beloved animal in just four hours. Andrea said: "The dog sitter was meant to let the dogs in and out throughout the day. "They had a lovely day having their doggy ice creams in the shade of the garden and then came in to have a lie down on the lovely cool tiles in the kitchen with the oscillating fan going. "The dog sitter was meant to come in around 8pm to let them out so I do not even know why they were out with my dogs in the first place. "The dogs are really big and friendly and people want to come up to them and see them. "People would have noticed the dogs I am sure if they were out and about in town. "Maybe the dog sitter liked the attention they bring, I don’t know, but they should not have been out of my house. "I want to know what happened to my dog and where they had gone. "We had only seen him four hours before and then when we saw him next he was dead on the vet's table." Banjo’s brother Bisto is pining for his brother as he does not know where he is. The family are having to come to terms with the loss of Banjo but is determined to get an answer about what happened to their beloved pet. Gloucestershire police are working alongside the RSPCA with this incident which is leading the investigation. A spokesperson for the RSPCA said: "We have been made aware of this incident and will be looking into this further. "Unfortunately we are unable to discuss complaints about specific individuals. "We understand how frustrating that is for animal lovers but releasing information could prejudice an investigation or could lead to us being fined. "We would urge anyone with first-hand information about this incident to contact us on 0300 123 4999."