The Earl and Countess of Wessex's visit comes as members of the Royal Family are travelling to the nations of the UK over the bank holiday weekend to celebrate the Queen's 70-year reign. Edward and Sophie were greeted by huge crowds of well-wishers in Bangor. During their visit to Belfast, they will join members of the public at a 1950s-themed celebration on Royal Avenue in the city. The couple are meeting groups of performers, including the Belfast Busking Band. The Wessexes will hear stories of the city's diverse communities over the last 70 years, which will be explored through fashion, photography, music and dance. Edward will also meet older members of the local community, brought together by Age Friendly Belfast to share their memories and experiences. Meanwhile, Sophie will join in with special craft activities, making crowns and corgis with school children, before viewing a showcase of fashion through the ages. The couple will also try a local delicacy, the Belfast Bap, and visit stalls at the Retro Jubilee Market. Before leaving Belfast, the Earl and Countess will watch a community dance group perform a routine that celebrates the last seven decades. The couple will then travel to their second engagement in the region on Saturday afternoon. It comes as royals are visiting the nations of the UK during the four-day weekend to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Prince William and Kate are travelling to Wales today where they will step out at Cardiff Castle. Meanwhile, Princess Anne and her husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence headed to Scotland yesterday where she made an appearance at Edinburgh Zoo. Later on Friday, the Princess Royal visited HMS Albion as it was docked at Ocean Terminal in Leith next to the Royal Yacht Britannia. Jubilee celebrations will continue tonight with royals expected to attend the BBC's Platinum Party at the Palace. Prince Charles and William are to take to the stage to pay public tributes to the Queen during the star-studded concert outside Buckingham Palace in front of a live crowd of 22,000 people and television audience of millions. Yesterday nearly 50 wider family members attended a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. The Queen, who suffers from mobility issues, pulled out after a busy day on Thursday with Trooping the Colour. The nation's longest-reigning monarch was represented by the Prince of Wales at the event on Friday.