Despite being associated with fat-laden diets, cholesterol is critical for cell membranes. On the flip side, however, the molecule can contribute to the padding of arteries. Not only does this hinder blood flow, but it can pave the way to tissue death if left untreated. Fortunately, one feeling is likely to precede such complications. Pain in the legs after prolonged periods of sitting is typically a sign of circulatory problems, such as peripheral artery disease (PAD). PAD refers to the narrowing and hardening of the arteries that supply the brain and heart with nutrient-rich blood. The lower extremities are particularly prone to complications from PAD because they require higher volumes of oxygen. When burning sensations and pain strike the toes it is usually a sign that they’re not receiving enough oxygen. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Smell that? Two 'worse' smells that signal 'higher' cholesterol levels The Cleveland Clinic states: “Symptoms of advanced PAD may include burning or aching pain in your feet and toes while resting, especially at night while lying flat." Over time, this may start to impair movement, but the dangers of the condition stretch way beyond walking. “Peripheral artery disease increases the risk of developing a non-healing sore of the legs or feet," adds the health body. “In cases of severe PAD, these sores can develop into areas of dead tissue (gangrene) that ultimately make it necessary to amputate your foot or leg.” Other nocturnal symptoms may include intense leg cramps, which may be more pronounced in the heel or forefoot. Cooling of the skin in the feet or unusual colour changes in the epidermis could also hold clues to the health of your arteries. It is worth mentioning that a burning sensation in the feet can also be characteristic of diabetes, however, and the two conditions should not be confused. “If you have any of the risk factors for PAD you should ask your health care professional about PAD even if you aren’t having symptoms,” cautions the American Heart Association. Alongside having high cholesterol, risk factors include smoking, high blood pressure, atherosclerosis, and diabetes. Symptoms can start off as mild and progressively worsen more debilitation and progress through various stages of PAD. The first, referred to as intermittent claudication, produces symptoms during physical exertion. Harvard Health explains: “When leg arteries are narrowed, they can’t expand enough to provide muscles with the extra blood they need during exercise. “The oxygen-starved muscle below the obstruction - usually the calf - may cramp, become more painful, or feel heavy and tired, forcing the walker to halt or limp.” If the condition progresses to the following stage, signs may emerge during rest, due to a consistent insufficiency of blood flow. The final stage is the most dangerous because it involves the death of tissue. “The most severe stage of PAD is critical limb ischaemia, in which blood flow is so reduced that sores don’t heal and gangrene can develop," explains Harvard Health. The majority of these cases require surgery to restore blood flow, but 30 percent of patients go on to have an amputation.