Over the past few days, the BBC has given extensive coverage to Glastonbury Festival 2022. Thousands of people have attended the festival this year following its hiatus to watch the likes of Billie Eilish, Paul McCartney and Noel Gallagher. However, one BBC viewer joked about the uncanny resemblance between an unidentified festival-goer and Her Majesty The Queen. Viewer Finn, who spotted the look-a-like in the crowd tweeted a screengrab of the moment on social media. The woman in question was at the front of the audience as she watched Robert Plant's set. Finn on Twitter wrote: "The Queen has turned up at Glastonbury to watch Robert Plant. That disguise is fooling nobody." The Glastonbury fan's tweet quickly went viral, with many rushing to comment on the uncanny resemblance. READ MORE: CSI Vegas season 2: Why is William Peterson leaving? "FFS lol God save the Queen," Buffy replied as Georgia added: "That’s so funny!" Fifi tweeted: "That was funny! Well, The Queen likes Paul McCartney so why not?" However, some fans felt the festival-reveller resembled Princess Anne instead. "It really looks like princess Anne!!" user @aus00834639 said as Chrissi agreed: "I was just about to say that, it really does!" Although, Nisha had a different idea, as she wrote: "Oh no that's Princess Margaret I swear!" The Queen may not have been at the festival, but a number of royals were spotted in attendance. Princess Beatrice was snapped with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The royal dressed down in a khaki shirtdress, while her husband donned a white t-shirt and black jeans. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' Sonya's identity in Nicky DNA twist [SPOILERS]BBC Breakfast host pokes fun at Owain Wyn Evans' appearance [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast host worries fans after rush to hospital [REACTION] On Saturday night, Sir Paul McCartney wowed the crowds as he took to the stage. The 80-year-old made history as he is the oldest solo star to take on the headline slot at the festival. At the time, the singer received mixed opinions from viewers at home, with many commenting on how late his set was. However, despite the criticism, Sir Paul was showered with praise by many revellers who enjoyed his performance.   Taking to Twitter, Tony said: "I thought Sir Paul was fantastic last night. Loved the surprises. And by God, how incredible does Paul look for an 80-year-old?" (sic) Karren praised: "Paul McCartney is a great example of what happens when you absolutely love your work." While Shane tweeted: "Paul McCartney, at 80 years, at #glastonburyfestival2022 ...... unreal." (sic) "Blown away by the sheer agility and enthusiasm of Paul McCartney. He’s 80. The Queen and Macca - staples of our time #Glastonbury," user @BigWatchLover added. Glastonbury 2022 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.