Bear Grylls has opened up on his marriage to his wife of 22 years Shara Grylls. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the Running Wild star, 47, spoke candidly about his risky career choices while being married to the mother of his three sons. He also spoke about the return of his festival Gone Wild this year, following the coronavirus pandemic. The adventurer and campaigner has had his fair share of adventure over his lifetime. After leaving military school, the star hiked the Himalayan mountains, as well as serving in the Territorial Army which included being trained in parachuting, exposure training and survival. When asked whether Shara ever expresses concerns over his adventures, the star candidly opened up about their dynamic. Bear said: "It's been part of our family life ever since we got together. READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on eye-popping display in busty, barely-there top "We married pretty young in the military, and we started out on the adventure of life together," he added. The star went on: "I think she's kind of used to that. "She knows that's my job and part of my job is to make smart decisions and come back in one piece and never get complacent," he explained. The star went on to brand the partnership he has with his spouse a "great team", which also features in organising his Gone Wild festival. Bear continued: "I think that's a key part of providing in Gone Wild, having a great team. "And my job is what I love. "It's one of the few things that I'm ok at in life," he said. He added: "I'm so grateful for my job, I love it and I love the people I work with and I'm proud of the projects around it you know. DON'T MISS... Trinny Woodall, 58, showcases enviable figure in half-naked post [INSIGHT]Marilyn Monroe dazzles in pics on what would've been her 96th birthday[ANALYSIS]Amanda Holden, 51, dazzles as she puts on leggy display in lilac dress [UDPDATE] "And that's why things like Gone Wild is something I'm so proud of. "It's like bringing people together, inspiring people and helping other people together," he gushed. Elsewhere in the interview, the star gushed over how "encouraging" Amanda Owen has been as he discussed his Gone Wild Festival later this year. Amanda is one of the speakers set to appear at the star's family festival later in the year. Speaking about what she is set to bring to the event, Bear gushed over the farming star. He said: "She's great, there's so many diverse types of people like that. "But people love her and she's been a huge support to Gone Wild and really encouraging." Bear went on: "And everyone loves it and, you know, it's been so fun to have a space to bring all these sorts of people together," he added. Gone Wild Festival is on from 25 - 28 August. Tickets are available to buy here.