Romelu Lukaku has been brutally slammed for his performances last season as his disastrous return to Chelsea approaches a temporary end. The Belgian is expected to complete a loan move to Inter Milan in the coming days, having only returned to Stamford Bridge last summer for £97million. He scored just eight goals in the Premier League, during what was an ultimately disappointing campaign for the Blues. Boss Thomas Tuchel became increasingly reluctant to use him, with Lukaku starting just four of Chelsea's final 13 top-flight matches. With the move turning out to be a major mistake for all involved, Lukaku is now set to escape back to Inter on loan. And ahead of that transfer going through, former Chelsea star Glen Johnson has brutally blasted the 29-year-old. “I don’t like to be negative, but it’s been a bad signing and I’m sure he’d admit that himself. He’s a good player, but I just believe that the Premier League is too technical and too fast for him. He will probably go to Inter Milan and bang in 25 goals, but it’s a different league," he told GGRecon. READ MORE: Chelsea line up Man City raid with defender set to join Sterling "It is sadly up there amongst the worst Premier League signings and that’s mostly due to the amount of money he’s cost. If they signed him for £20 million then he wouldn’t even come into the debate would he? However, he cost £100 million and couldn’t finish his dinner. “Some players are just suited to certain leagues. Technical footballers can play in multiple positions and that’s because they’re intelligent footballers. Lukaku isn’t an intelligent footballer and is only good at one thing. That’s not good enough for Chelsea and the Premier League.” DON'T MISS: Four players Maxwell may land for Chelsea if appointed transfer chief (INSIGHT)Chelsea follow up interest in Inter Milan star after Lukaku talks (NEWS)Chelsea owner Boehly holds talks with City to 'finalise' Sterling deal (TRANSFERS) With Lukaku departing, a gap will become apparent in the forward positions in Tuchel's squad. And Johnson has encouraged the Blues to look towards an academy graduate to take the Belgian's place, rather than spend big once again. "I think Chelsea are going to be reluctant to spend scary money again considering what happened with the Romelu Lukaku signing. If it was up to me, then I'd give Armando Broja a chance rather than spending £80 million on a replacement. I'd rather get it wrong with a player that I've already got, rather than get it wrong by spending £80 million," he added.