Sophie, the Countess of Wessex has emerged as one of the most trusted members of the Royal Family, earning the title of the Queen's "favourite" among royal experts. Prince Edward, tipped to become the next Duke of Edinburgh once Prince Charles ascends to the throne, took over the majority of roles Prince Philip left behind first with his retirement and then his death. But Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer suggested the Earl and Countess of Wessex could see their workload drastically reduced once the Prince of Wales becomes king amid speculation of plans for a slimmed-down Royal Family. Speaking to Royal Round-up host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "Princess Anne might be helping out for a while. "I certainly know that the Prince of Wales has a very high opinion of his sister. "I'm not so sure about the Earl and Countess of Wessex. You have to look at these people's ages." Mr Palmer, however, suggested the departure of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle threw a wrench in Prince Charles' plan to reduce the roster of working royals to his immediate family. JUST IN: 'Didn't want Kate' Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic He added: "Clearly, Harry and Meghan quitting has changed the dynamic a little bit and it may well be that Charles and Camilla may need a bit more support from Edward and Sophie as well. "But I think we're going to see a much smaller Royal Family in the future." The Earl and Countess of Wessex have continued to maintain a low profile despite the large number of duties they have been taking on in recent years. They underwent a short tour of the Caribbeans in May to help the Queen celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Lilibet birthday photo: Portrait exposes key difference between Meghan and Kate And this week they travelled to Gibraltar to open a new school and continue bringing the festivities across the Commonwealth. But whilst not on duty, the pair have led a surprisingly quiet life with their two children, the Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn, in their Windsor home of Bagshot Park. Sophie has been highlighted as a pillar in the network of support built around the Queen since the death of Prince Philip last year. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle suffers 'spectacular decline and fall' in UK [ANALYSIS]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations ‘worth every single penny!’ [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [VOTE] Living close to Her Majesty, the pair are said to spend a lot of time together, with sources reporting the Countess has become a habitual escort to Sunday services. They told The Sun: "The Queen likes to be completely calm before church and she finds Sophie’s presence soothing. “She is trusted and relied on by the Queen in a way I couldn’t say applied to the Duchess of Cambridge or the Duchess of Cornwall. “She is like another daughter to Her Majesty, they are that close.”