Gareth Bale is officially leaving Real Madrid after nine years with the La Liga giants and is now able to secure a free transfer back to the Premier League. The only question left for the Welshman to decide is where to move, and more importantly, which club is best-placed to get his fix of golf, with Arsenal and Chelsea both possibilities along with Tottenham. The 32-year-old was an unused substitute at Stade de France as Real Madrid beat Liverpool 1-0 to claim his fifth Champions League winners’ medal, having also won three La Liga titles. But it has been no secret that the £85million club-record signing was on his way out of Madrid after being frozen out of the starting XI by Zinedine Zidane and Carlo Ancelotti. The Welsh star fell out of Los Blancos’ fans due to his passion for golf and seemingly nonchalant attitude to picking up his eye-watering £600,000 weekly wage. But with a place in Wales’ World Cup squad in Qatar later this year on the line, the winger will need to find a new club to ensure he stays at the top level of fitness. READ MORE: Bale confirms Real Madrid transfer exit in classy statement If golf really is imperative to the former Tottenham star, a move back to the English capital for a third spell in Spurs colours may be his favoured location to reignite his career. According to a study undertaken by Golfshake.com, London is the most populated area with 40 locations free to play golf at a moment’s notice. That could pique the interest of Tottenham if they are interested in snapping up Bale as a free agent to join Harry Kane and Son Heung-min in attack. However, Arsenal and Chelsea should not be ruled out given their financial power. Manchester also represents an intriguing option for Bale and his family, such is the history of players from Manchesters United and City indulging in golf sessions away from training. It is no surprise then that there are a whopping 36 courses are available to play in the North West — and with United strengthening their squad ahead of the new season, it certainly cannot be ruled out. DON'T MISSBale looks awkward as Real Madrid beat Liverpool8 Real Madrid players Premier League clubs could sign this summerTottenham and Man Utd put on red alert after Bale PL hint  But above all, Bale’s most likely destination seems to be an emotional return to his hometown in Wales, with a move to Championship outfit Cardiff City looking highly likely. While the study has apparently ranked Cardiff 16th out of 30 possible locations, highlighting the lack of suitability to Bale’s golf needs, at this stage in his career football will be the most important aspect of his decision. Wales coach Robert Page has tipped Bale to make the move back to Wales given the logistical appeal of doing so and his former international team-mate Joe Ledley has given his seal of approval: ”It's a no-brainer. You can see it all on paper with his family and his friends here, a nation that he loves, where he was born. It would be fantastic,” he told WalesOnline. "It's not as easy as that sometimes, though. Like I said, no disrespect, but I think he is a Premier League player. But it is down to him at the end of the day. There is no pressure on him. With these games he will have a lot of time to think, he won't have to rush into anything. It's down to him at the end of the day, what he wants to do. I'm sure he'll make the right decision."