Ksenija Selivanova is a blogger and YouTuber with an audience who is obsessed with her face yoga routines. The qualified face massage expert runs The Moments, a platform boasting 181k Instagram followers and 152k YouTube subscribers. She focuses on intuitive and holistic wellbeing. Ksenija promotes a full-body approach lifestyle. She shares massages "to help you feel and look good naturally" as well as pilates workouts. She detailed a routine to smooth the eye area with six simple steps. 1. Apply facial oil to your face. This is an essential step. Doing face yoga without an oil or cream cause tugging on the skin, increasing the look of wrinkles and causing microtears. 2. Massage around the ears and the neck to warm up the lymph nodes. READ MORE: 'No botox needed': Face yoga massage to 'improve the appearance of lines and wrinkles' 3. Use your ring finger and go in a circular motion around the eye, from the bridge of the nose across the brow bone and back, using light pressure. 4. Massage the inner brow bone, the arch of the brown, and the temples with your ring finger. 5. Pinch the skin and muscles above the brow to relieve tension. 6. Take the thumbs and drag them from either side of the tip of the nose, up, over the brow bone, and press into your temples. DON'T MISS'Relatively unheard of' anti-aging supplement 'improves skin elasticity' [VITAMINS] Best face yoga move for eyes from Lisa Snowdon - solves puffy, tired skin [BEAUTY] Anti-aging expert shares essential face yoga moves to turn back the clock [HOW TO] All the evidence to suggest face yoga work is anecdotal, although that doesn't mean it is not valid. Many of those who have used face yoga have testified to benefits including glowing and smoother skin. A study in 2018 found participants who did regular face yoga reported fuller faces after 12 weeks. Proponents claim exercising facial muscles improves the structure of the face, making one look more youthful. Massage is said to help with lymphatic drainage, which in turn reduces puffy skin and boosts circulation to the face. Ksenija recently detailed three moves to help boost the youthful appearance of skin without turning to the needle. She called it the "no botox needed" face yoga method. Ksenija said: "These simple moves help to tone the eye and forehead area as well as improve the appearance of lines and wrinkles. Repeat each move 10 to 15 times." She advised: "Light to medium pressure using an oil, cream, or cleanser." Lion’s breath Open your mouth, stick out your tongue, and stretch your tongue toward your chin while exhaling. Brow smoother Press your fingertips from the centre of the forehead outwards towards the temples. Face tapping Gently tap the skin with your fingers, all the way down from your forehead to your jaw.