Virgil van Dijk played an integral, discreet role in Liverpool's £85million deal to sign Darwin Nunez, it has emerged. The imperious Dutchman, who helped the Reds win both the Carabao Cup and FA Cup this season is understood to have played a part behind-the-scenes in convincing the Uruguayan international to choose Anfield as his next destination. Liverpool now have an agreement worth £85m in place to sign the 22-year-old centre-forward and Van Dijk seemingly is partially to thank as he prepares to welcome Nunez to Merseyside. According to The Times, both Jurgen Klopp and Van Dijk have held direct conversations with the forward as part of Liverpool's charm offensive. It's claimed Van Dijk even spoke to Nunez during Liverpool's Champions League quarter-final ties against Benfica this season. Van Dijk had his work cut out alongside Ibrahima Konate trying to keep Nunez at bay in both occasions as the Benfica man netted in both closely-contested legs. READ MORE: Liverpool target Darwin Nunez excused from Uruguay squad ahead of £85m transfer In Lisbon, he pulled a goal back after punishing a mistake from Konate while at Anfield, he looked to inspire Benfica to an unlikely comeback. His relentless energy and movement meant Van Dijk had his hands full throughout 180 minutes of gripping action but the Dutchman can now look forward to teaming up with Nunez next season at Liverpool. That's because the Reds have now agreed a deal to sign the prolific 34-goal forward, who could undergo a medical in England as soon at Monday. Nunez is currently in Madrid after returning to Europe from South America, where he has been on international duty with Uruguay ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star RaphinhaLiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting He was excused from his side's friendly against Panama on Saturday night in Montevideo as he prepares to embark on his new challenge in the Premier League. Liverpool have already agreed a six-year contract with Nunez, who could eventually go on to become the club's record signing. The Champions League finalists are set to shell out an initial fee of £64m but the deal could eventually reach £85.3m with bonuses. A payment of £12.8m will be due based on appearances while team success could equate to an additional £8.5m payday for Benfica. Liverpool's sporting director Julian Ward has been in Lisbon in the past few days to complete the deal. He met with Benfica on Saturday morning to finally agree the transfer, which has created a huge buzz back on Merseyside ahead of the new Premier League season. While Nunez has previously undergone three lots of knee surgery, Liverpool are confident he is the complete package and furthermore, that he is a signing that could take their team to the next level. Sadio Mane remains destined to join Bayern Munich although the German champions are still yet to strike a deal after seeing two bids rejected by Liverpool.