Stacey (played by Lacey Turner) and Kheerat (Jaz Singh Deol) have been trying to explore their relationship since before Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) ran riot around Walford. Recently, Kheerat opened up to Stacey about how he felt after she collapsed and was rushed to hospital. In upcoming scenes, the pair finally organise a date, but things don't go to plan and could see the couple torn further apart. In recent episodes, Stacey was rushed to hospital after discovering an injury on her back, which she sustained during an argument with Jean Slater (Gillian Wright). The injury quickly became infected and ended with doctors thinking the wound had developed sepsis. Kheerat was by her side the entire time Stacey was in the hospital, which she was extremely grateful for. However, tensions rose once again after Kheerat revealed the truth as to how she sustained the injury, resulting in a mental health nurse going to check up on Jean. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kunal Nayyar lands huge new project away from acting Jean had locked herself in the bathroom over fears she had killed her daughter due to their argument, with Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) and Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) unable to convince her otherwise. Stacey made it home, and Jean was over the moon to see that her daughter was fine, but the episode ended with Jean leaving the home to go back to the hospital. In upcoming scenes, Stacey asks Kheerat out on a date after some encouragement from Eve, which he accepts, but their conversation is cut short when he gets a work call. Not wanting to miss out on the opportunity, Kheerat suggests he and Stacey grab a coffee, but his plans change when he spots Ranveer (Anil Goutam) in the Square. Later, Kheerat tries to blag his way through an unexpected meeting with his uncle in desperation to go back and continue his date with Stacey. However, Ranveer throws an unexpected idea at Kheerat when he insists he should find his nephew a wife. Throwing him off even more, his mother, Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), agrees with Ranveer, but Kheerat leaves the house to return to Stacey. Will Stacey and Kheerat's date go as planned, or will there be something that pulls the pair apart once again? DON'T MISS...EastEnders fans ‘work out’ Janine Butcher’s downfall [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Bobby Beale heartbroken as Dana pregnant with Peter [INSIGHT]Prince Charles rejected EastEnders' Kim Fox star's offer 'to stay for [WATCH] If their date doesn't go as planned, Kheerat could possibly give up on the idea of them being together after struggling to organise one date. Could he take on the advice from Suki and Ranveer to let them help find him a wife, leaving Stacey heartbroken? Fans of the show have also theorised that a potential love triangle could be set to form, with Stacey having to make a big decision. During her stay in the hospital, Stacey's ex-husband Martin Fowler (James Bye) visited her, leaving Kheerat feeling out of place. Taking to their Twitter account, with @AnnieMaysssss77 put forward the theory: "I'm sensing that the show will probably do a love triangle and that Stacey will ultimately choose Martin." @EastEnders_Plus added: "#EastEnders is clearly leading up to a Stacey, Martin, Kheerat love triangle." @Co_Lo99 theorised: "Stacey and Kheerat, but I also want Stacey and Martin back #EastEnders she’s gonna be torn." With Clive Harrison agreeing: "Oooh, a classic love triangle! I am hoping that she will choose Kheerat, but the familiarity of Martin may be safer for Stacey." (sic) EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.