It’s been 40 years since Graceland opened for tours, some five years after Elvis Presley’s death in 1977. The King had left the Memphis mansion to his only child, nine-year-old Lisa Marie, but with the estate costing $500,000 a year to run it looked like the family might have to sell up. The executor, her mother and Elvis’ ex-wife Priscilla Presley, made the radical decision of opening up the house as a tourist attraction to keep it for their daughter. This gamble paid off and Graceland has proven not only to be very profitable but also a great way of preserving Elvis’ legacy. In a new video on the 40th anniversary, Priscilla remembered how terrifying the opening day on June 7, 1982 was for her. It was like sending an invitation to the world for $5 a pop with no RSVP. The 77-year-old said: “We didn’t know at all if we would even have any guests. We had no idea. We were really concerned about if anyone would show up and boy to our surprise…It was nerve-wracking and a bit frightening. But I have to say, people were coming in their droves and here we are today.” Priscilla continued: “It was really hard for me to open those doors…it had been so private for so long and now people were going to be coming in and looking at our life, the way we lived, everything was still perfect the way Elvis left it. It was hard. It was hard to come to terms, although I knew we had to do it and I had to give that up and I had to look at the good that we had saved Graceland.” Elvis’ ex-wife shared how she still sees amazing memories in her mind’s eye when entering the rooms of the mansion to this day. She claimed: “I think the spirit of Elvis is there. I think people feel that spirit and that’s why they respect it.” Priscilla said: “Still when I go in that house today, it’s home. Just the feeling, just the atmosphere, just the tone of it. It’s like sacred. It’s just so beautiful, but it’s like I can see Elvis at the dining room table and the guys. I can see over to the right when I walk in, the piano and him sitting there playing and I’m sitting on the couch opposite listening to him sing Gospel. I can visualise everything as if it was happening right then, every time that I go in. I could see him coming down the stairs. I can see him looking to see who’s down the stairs or listening to who’s in the kitchen before he came down the stairs. Every visual I see when I walk in that door.” DON'T MISSDean Martin’s daughter ‘almost died’ after Elvis said how he saw him [DEAN MARTIN]Elvis, Ann-Margret crawled as cats in private show of 'fiery passion' [ANN-MARGRET]Elvis movie review: Tom Hanks Colonel very much the villain of biopic [ELVIS MOVIE REVIEW] Today, Graceland and all its contents are owned by Lisa Marie, who still sees the property as her home. The 54-year-old enjoys visiting and sometimes has Thanksgiving dinner with her family in the dining room. At her request, the upstairs of the mansion are not part of the tour to this day, as it was Elvis’ private space in life. Nevertheless, his bedroom and other rooms up there (including the bathroom where he died) are preserved as though he just got up and left on August 16, 1977.