Rylan Clark, 33, was inconsolable when his marriage of six years fell apart, and he couldn't stop crying. He was left incapable of eating, working or even sleeping and - during one especially intense moment of desperation - his mother Linda suggested he slept in her bed with her instead of being alone. The presenter and former X Factor star, who had been wed to Dan Neal until their difficult break-up, also needed to be "forced" to eat. Talking of his period of depression, he described himself as a "puppet" and his mum as "the strings". "She was my entire support," he explained to OK! magazine, adding: "I couldn’t have got through the last year without my mum." Linda, who was also present at his interview, chimed in: "It was really hard last year. He’s got this beautiful home, but he was here with me. READ NOW: Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux "He couldn’t sleep so I said, ‘Get in my bed with me’." The devastated showbiz star was at one point convinced he would quit the industry forever - but that proved to be his grief talking. In his darkest moments, the Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two host felt as if he didn't want the coveted job any more. He added that he didn't have motivation to do anything at all. By this point, Linda was concerned that he was spiralling out of control, as she watched his weight plummet to just 9st. She recalled crying all day with him, and forcing him to eat. Meanwhile Rylan admitted to presenter Alison Hammond on an episode of This Morning that at one point he had lied about his mother's health to avoid confessing that his absence from showbiz comments was due to his own. Ahead of Rylan and Linda's appearance on Celebrity Gogglebox, he confided in Alison: "It was actually me last year, I wasn’t too well. DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Jeremy Clarkson skewers Lenny Henry’s Glastonbury diversity comments [DEBATE] James Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies [PHOTOS]  "At the time [I told people] ‘Mummy’s not too well with her Crohn's,’ but no, it was actually me that wasn’t too well." He added candidly: "She’s always taking the fall for her son.” Rylan appeared to blame himself in his initial statement reporting his marital collapse. "Following reports about Dan and I spending time apart, I feel I have to speak out - as the way it is being reported is unfair," he revealed on Instagram at the time. "I have made a number of mistakes which I deeply regret and have inevitably led to the breakdown of our marriage. "I have taken time away from work as I am not in a good place at the moment and am seeking help. "I am trying to take each day at a time and would like to thank everyone for their support and for respecting our privacy at this time." Following a period of intense healing, Rylan is now starting to return to the public eye.