Simiso Buthelezi is reportedly fighting for his life in hospital after frightening footage of the boxer circulated online earlier this week. The South African was shown punching thin air just moments after knocking his opponent through the ropes. The disturbing video shows Buthelezi turning towards a corner post and swinging shots at nothing as the referee restarted the action after deeming the knockdown a slip. The middleman instantly stepped in and stopped the fight as soon as Buthelezi began marching towards the corner with no one in his crosshairs. Now, reports coming out of South Africa suggest Buthelezi is fighting for his life with a brain bleed at King Edward Hospital in Durban, South Africa. “He is not in a good health condition at all; he is critical but stable,” doctor Buyi Mabaso-Dlamini who was ringside at the fight said, per Sowetan Live. “We discovered that he bled on the brain and sadly his condition does not allow the doctors that are treating him to operate at the moment due to the condition. Another suspicion is that he may have suffered an injury before Sunday’s fight. “It could be injuries building up over the years. His condition deteriorated when he was rushed to the hospital. But he was worse on his arrival at the hospital than when he when left Greyville [Convention Centre]. We trust in God that a miracle can still happen.” The incident occurred during the 10th and final round of a World Boxing Federation African lightweight title fight between Buthelezi and Siphesihle Mntungwa at the Greyville Convention Centre in Durban on Sunday. At the time Buthelezi was removed from the ring and placed under urgent medical care but has since slipped into a coma. According to the scorecards, two judges had Buthelezi ahead with one scoring it a draw at the time of the stoppage. Bizarrely, the South African boxer did not seem to take any visibly heavy blows during the contest. MORE BOXING NEWS...Haney suffers second blow before Kambosos Jr fight as cutman detainedJoyce calls out Usyk and backs Ukrainian to win Joshua rematchCalzaghe back in training with 'long list of people' querying return Promoter Zandile Malinga, who is covering the medical bill said: “We would have rushed him to Edington Hospital which is the closest to Greyville Convention Centre where I staged my tournament, but it does [not] have the neurological. “I am still in shock; we did not anticipate this. As brutal as boxing can be but this is the last thing you expect. Everything was fine; no weight issues -- basically no signs of anything to look into in that direction.”