The Queen is now the longest-reigning British monarch in history, and the celebrations will be broadcast throughout the bank holiday weekend. Naturally, the entire event will be covered by the UK’s top channels - so when and where can you watch all the Platinum Jubilee coverage? Huw Edwards, Kirsty Young and JJ Chalmers will be at the helm of the BBC coverage for Trooping the Colour. The celebration, which is held annually for the Queen’s birthday, will see all working royals convene on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the public to see. But that’s not all - it will also feature a military parade through London as well as a six-minute flypast over Buckingham Palace. READ MORE: Queen puts foot down on Netflix presence at Jubilee A tradition during a Jubilee, thousands of beacons will be lit across the UK and the world to mark the event. Coverage begins more than an hour before the first beacons are lit, with Kirsty Young anchoring the coverage. Reporters across the country, such as Jermaine Jenas at Buckingham Palace, Gethin Jones in Wales, Carol Kirkwood in Scotland, and Holly Hamilton in Northern Ireland, will cover local events.  A service of Thanksgiving for the Queen will be held at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday. All of the Royal Family are expected to attend this event, including Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. David Dimbleby, Kirsty Young and Sophie Raworth will cover the event live from the Cathedral on BBC One. DON'T MISSArchie and Lilibet could get 'private' introduction to Cambridge's [INSIGHT]Lilibet Diana's first meeting with Queen 'not set in stone' [ANALYSIS]Arlene Foster was 'incredibly sad' for Queen [REPORT] Hosted by Jason Manford and Fleur East, the National Lottery's Big Jubilee Street Party will see famous performances from Ella Henderson, Becky Hill, Heather Small, and Steps in front of an Aude audience of 10,000 at the AO Arena in Manchester. Back to the BBC, Kirsty Young will once again be hosting live coverage of the Buckingham Palace party. The full line-up is yet to be announced, but George Ezra is set to perform. The Gold State Carriage, led by The Sovereign’s Escort, will lead the Platinum Jubilee Pageant and end the weekend of festivities. More than 10,000 will be involved in the pageant, which will be covered again by Kirsty Young. She will present alongside other famous BBC faces, including AJ Odudu, Anita Rani, Clare Balding, Sophie Morgan and Anton Du Beke.