Washing machines see a lot of action each week, especially when it comes to family homes. While our clothes come out smelling fresh and free of stains, over time our washing machines can build up soap scum, dirt and hair which can make them run less effectively. Cleaning them regularly is the best way to prevent mould or musty smelling washing machines - and you can do so with baking soda and white vinegar, according to fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips, one woman asked for advice on how to remove mould from the rubber seal on her machine. Helen Roberts wrote: “What's the best way to clean mould off the rubber seal on the washing machine?” Homeowners may not be aware, but they should put their washing machine through a cleaning cycle whether once a week or bi-weekly. This depends on how often the machine is being used of course. READ MORE: I tried Bar Keepers Friend stain remover to brighten my tile grout Those who don’t use it as often, they should wash their machine inside and out at least once a month. One of the most important parts to clean is the rubber seal, which can hide grime. Mould and black spots can build up in washing machines that are not cleaned regularly. This was the case for Helen’s appliance. According to Mrs Hinch fans this can easily be combated using baking soda and white vinegar. DON'T MISS: Garden plants that pose a ‘high risk’ and devalue a house by 15%  [INSIGHT]‘Essential’ tips to preserve supermarket basil - ‘thrives for months’ [EXPERT]‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [TIPS] Ruby Dobson suggested: “I’ve found the best way to get amazing results is to sprinkle baking soda in the seal and put white vinegar in the drum, then run on a hot wash. “After the wash cycle you’ll notice that the mould disappears instantly.” Safia Thomas commented: “I add baking soda and white vinegar in the empty drum seal to wash my washing machine and run it on a normal wash then put it back on a normal wash empty again that normally does the trick. “I also usually put a white wash on after it's all done just in case there's any remaining baking soda left. “I never had any problems yet and I've been doing it for years, plus it’s a cheap and effective solution so I’d never use anything else.” Baking soda can be purchased from Asda for only 55p. White vinegar can be picked up from Tesco for as little as 29p. Paul Reid said: “I put a handful of baking soda in drum and about a cup of white vinegar in the drawer in every wash and never had an issue.” Lorraine Henshaw agreed: “Sprinkle baking soda into the seal and some white vinegar and leave then do a rinse.” Linda Powell advised: “Try adding white vinegar and baking soda to your machine, it worked wonders on mine.” Gina Philips added: “I used a combination of baking soda and white vinegar, worked for me, just added it around the seal then put it on a 60 wash with nothing in the drum.” After washing the machine, it is suggested to leave the door open to let the air circulate and prevent any mould from breeding again.