Tottenham Hotspur are closing in on their third summer signing as Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma undergoes a medical ahead of a transfer potentially rising to £35million. But Antonio Conte is eyeing further reinforcements ahead of his first full season as head coach. Tottenham have moved quickly in the summer transfer window, already welcoming Inter Milan left-wing-back Ivan Perisic and Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster on free transfers. And Bissouma has agreed personal terms ahead of his switch to north London, with the lure of working with Conte and playing in the Champions League crucial factors. According to the Evening Standard, sporting director Fabio Paratici won't be able to rest yet as the Italian boss wants three more signings in the coming weeks. He hopes to add a right-wing-back, centre-back and forward to his squad before the window closes as he spearheads a revamp at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The report name-drops Djed Spence as Conte's top right-wing-back target, but Tottenham face competition from other European suitors, including Borussia Dortmund and AS Roma. He is expected to decide on his future after returning from his holiday, but a Middlesbrough stay is unlikely. JUST IN: Arsenal 'rejected' by Morata as ex-Chelsea striker snubs Newcastle In regards to centre-backs, Conte is understood to want a left-sided player to bring balance to his three-man defence. Tottenham hold an interest in Inter Milan's Alessandro Bastoni and could also target a part-swap deal for Villarreal's Pau Torres during talks for Giovani Lo Celso. Conte could bolster his attack with Premier League-proven talent, with Everton's Richarlison and wantaway Leeds United winger Raphinha on his radar. While Spurs could have a free run on the former, they might have to compete with Arsenal for Raphinha's services if Barcelona can't afford a move this summer. READ MORE: Nine Premier League balls ranked as stunning Nike Flight wows fans Tottenham's summer transfer business so far will fill supporters with plenty of confidence that Conte's rebuild is going to plan. He got off to the perfect start after replacing Nuno Espirito Santo in November by guiding the club back into the Champions League by pipping Arsenal to fourth. Conte will be determined to be the coach who ends Spurs' 14-year trophy drought since they lifted the League Cup in 2008. And if he completes the recruit he wants, you wouldn't be silly to bet on him doing exactly that. Success and silverware tend to follow when he receives the tools he needs. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here