The Order of the Garter is one of the most traditional dates in the Queen’s calendar and involves a grand procession of knights joined by a marching band and order officers fitted out in ceremonial attire. The event takes place in June and is the oldest order of chivalry in the country. At 96-years-old the Queen continues to lead an active life and makes public appearances regularly. But Her Majesty had to pull out of some of the Platinum Jubilee events after experiencing discomfort. She did not attend a thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3 and she also missed the Epsom Derby on June 4. The decision was made to help the Queen manage her mobility issues and pace herself for what was an extremely busy weekend of events. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'sidelines' by 'callous' Firm As Sovereign of the Garter, the Queen is expected to lead her Knights in a procession wearing a velvet robe and plumed hat. There is also a service which is held at the Order’s spiritual home at St George's Chapel. The Queen makes new appointments to the Order in recognition of public service and those admitted are the personal choice of Her Majesty. This year, Sir Tony Blair, the Duchess of Cornwall and Baroness Amos will be installed as members. Her Majesty has not been included in the Garter ceremony Order of the Service suggesting that she will not be attending today. Prince Andrew was expected to attend the event despite no longer being a working royal and not holding the HRH title. The Duke of York missed the Platinum Jubilee after testing positive for Covid but was due to make his return today. However, Princes Charles and William are thought to have blocked Andrew, 62, from attending. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'completely' excluded from Royal Family [INSIGHT]How EU came up with plan to send migrants to Rwanda before UK [ANALYSIS]Sinn Fein's McDonald warns of US resistance to Brexit deal changes [REACTION] The Queen's cousins Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra and Prince Richard, the Duke of Gloucester, are members of the Order of the Garter. Her Majesty’s four children, Prince Charles, Princess Anne, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, were also appointed to the Order by the Queen. Prince William, who is the Queen’s grandson and second in line to the throne, became a Knight of the Order in 2008. The last event took place in 2019 and the Queen was in attendance alongside the King of Spain and the King of the Netherlands who were installed as Garter members. She was also at the event in 1948 to mark the 600th anniversary of the Order’s foundation when she was Princess Elizabeth.