Mr Johnson, 58, recently visited Kyiv as a part of the UK’s continuous support to Ukraine against Russia. After his visit from the country, he also said that Ukraine should be given the chance to host the Eurovision Song Contest in 2023.  In an article written during Mr Johnson’s return from meeting Volodymyr Zelensky in Kyiv on Friday and published in The Sunday Times, he said: “Time is now the vital factor. Everything will depend on whether Ukraine can strengthen its ability to defend its soil faster than Russia can renew its capacity to attack. Our task is to enlist time on Ukraine’s side.” He has set out a four-point plan for the better sustainability of Ukraine. The plan includes Ukraine receiving weapons, equipment, ammunition and training “more rapidly than the invader” — with up to 10,000 soldiers trained every four months. He wants to see greater funding offered for paying wages, running schools, delivering aid and beginning reconstruction wherever possible.   Mr Johnson hopes to have overland transport routes developed to ensure Ukraine’s economy continues to function despite the Russian blockade of its export routes across the Black Sea. And lastly, a focus on getting food — including 25 million tonnes of corn and wheat piled up in silos across Ukraine — out of the country. Western nations have been trying to strike a balance between punishing Russia and protecting their economies. However, Mr Johnson insists the price of a rushed settlement in Ukraine would not be worth paying. READ MORE: Red Arrows route map: Key times and places to catch glimpse of flyover  The UK PM continued: “Imagine for a moment that Vladimir Putin’s visions of glory were to come true. Suppose he was free to keep all the areas of Ukraine now controlled by Russian forces. “What if no one was willing to lift a finger as he annexed this conquered territory and its fearful people into a greater Russia? Would this bring peace? Would the world be safer? Would you be safer? “In our hearts we know the answer. Such a travesty would be the greatest victory for aggression in Europe since the Second World War.” Mr Johnson writes: “None of these steps will yield immediate results, though the need to restore food exports could scarcely be more pressing. All will require a determined effort by the UK and our allies, lasting for months and years. DON'T MISS:Prince William shares heartwarming family photo Zara and Mike Tindall give a glimpse of daughter Lena’s birthday'Big cat size of Great Dane' terrifies walkers “And all serve one objective. We must strengthen the hand of our Ukrainian friends to finish this war on the terms that President Zelensky has laid out. That should be the definition of success.” He adds: “In so doing, we and our allies will be protecting our own security as much as Ukraine’s and safeguarding the world from the lethal dreams of Putin and anyone else who might seek to copy them.” 