The Left party MEP Clare Daly this week told the European Parliament the response in the West to the war in the East has been “hysterical”, insisting too many are “happy to see Europe recked in order to undermine Russia”. She urged that the war has been a “Godsend” to groups in Europe and the US, including for NATO which “dodged being obsolete” and arms manufacturers which are swimming in “blank cheques”. Ms Daly argued that Ukraine could only lose the war and stressed: “We don’t need more of this lunacy, we need a change of tact, not to deepen it. “We need to end this debt-drive. We need diplomacy, de-escalation and multilateralism.” She has won few allies arguing against the boosting of Ukraine’s defensive capabilities against Russia. SNP Councillor Ruairi Kelly added that the MEP was “a national embarrassment”. Some Western officials have, however, noted their hunger for the extension of the current state of affairs in order to punish Vladimir Putin and prevent him from acting in a similar manner again. One senior UK diplomat told Spectator Editor Fraser Nelson, writing in the Telegraph: “If you look at all the options, our strategic interest is probably best served in a long war.” They added this could be viewed as “a quagmire that drains [Putin] militarily and economically so he cannot do this again”. READ MORE: Jacob Rees-Mogg cannot reap benefits as Brexit ‘not done' Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has himself criticised those who “don’t mind a long war because it would mean exhausting Russia”, even “if this means the demise of Ukraine and comes at the cost of Ukrainian lives”. Many Western commentators have argued that, because Russia appears to have suffered more losses than expected in the first 100 days of its war, Ukraine is in with a proper chance of winning. Former BBC Moscow Correspondent Angus Roxburgh dismissed this as “morale-boosting… nonsense”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] He wrote in the Guardian: “Russia’s progress may be slowed, but it’s highly unlikely to be stopped, far less pushed out of Ukraine, and in the meantime the grinding destruction and hideous war crimes will continue… “The important thing is to talk rather than fight.” Mr Roxburgh also noted that many Western “cannot bring themselves to broach these matters” of peace, given that they would appear to be “rewarding Putin”, and would rather let Ukraine fight “in the hope of defeating Russia”. French President Emmanuel Macron, who appears to have talked to Putin more than any other Western leader both before and since the launching of the invasion has drawn much criticism for this fact, even being branded “Putin’s puppet” by some. Earlier this month, Macron urged the West not to “humiliate” Putin, “so that the day the fighting stops, we can build a way out through diplomatic channels”. Ukrainian Foreign Minimiser Dmytro Kuleba responded that the West should “better focus on how to put Russia in its place" as it "humiliates itself". Express.co.uk has approached Ms Daly for comment.