Gardening expert and TV presenter Alan Titchmarsh has shared his care tips for hydrangeas in a video on Instagram. The 73-year-old shared a video of his own stunning pink hydrangeas last year on his Instagram account. In the video, he zooms his camera in on the bright pink blooms in his garden. The popular garden plants flower from April until October. In the caption of his video, Alan shared which conditions hydrangeas need to “really shine” this summer. Alan wrote: “Give hydrangeas good, moist soil and a spot in sun or dappled shade and they really shine in summer. “Blue ones need acid soil to stay blue; I’m happy in the pink!” READ MORE: Inside Camilla and Charles' £61million mansion Clarence House Alan’s video received a plethora of positive comments from his followers and was viewed more than 22,700 times. Instagram user Steve Padginton said: “They look very nice I like it very much, well done Alan.” Michelle Collins commented: “Beautiful, I have 16 of them in my garden.” Julie Gribble wrote: “Everything I see is so pristine. What a treat.”  DON'T MISSHow to get rid of weeds between paving stones - white vinegar mixture [INSIGHT]‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘neat trick’ for planting strawberries now [ANALYSIS] Rachel Cunningham said: “And what a lovely pink they are as well, can’t match that, but I have a gorgeous white one.” Hydrangeas are a popular hardy shrub which are known for their incredible blooms. The flower heads can either look like balls or cones with the mophead and lacecaps being the most recognisable. Gardeners should plant hydrangeas from January to April and October to December. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea They can be planted in summer but gardeners will need to keep them well-watered. They’re a great option for either being planted directly into the ground or into containers. Unlike other plants, hydrangeas are fairly easy to grow and are unlikely to have any problems. They like moist soil but can start to wilt in hot weather.  When temperatures soar, ensure hydrangeas are kept well-watered. For those who own blue hydrangeas, it’s best to water them with rainwater. Hard tap water can contract the soil acidity which can cause the flowers to turn pink. Gardeners can actually change the colour of flowers on certain varieties by using a different fertiliser.