Britons who are severely sight impaired, and have the required paperwork to prove this, could slash their TV licence bill by 50 percent. Alongside this, Britons who meet certain criteria could avoid the fee in its entirety.   People who are severely sight impaired, and anyone that lives with them, could drop their licence fee down to just £79.50. Additionally, those who meet this requirement and have a black and white TV could slash their bill to £26.75. The concessionary licence will cover everyone living at the address with the person who meets the criteria. In order for the discount to be applied, the person who is sight impaired must be the licence holder. READ MORE: State pensioners may get extra £92 per week if living with hearing loss     This may mean that some will have to transfer the licence from the current licence holder at the address in order to use the discounted rate. This can be done online or by contacting the TV Licensing department on 0300 790 6071. To claim the licence concession, the applicant must get a certificate from their local authority or ophthalmologist confirming that they are either registered blind or severely sight impaired. However, people in Northern Ireland will need this certificate to be issued by, or on behalf of, a health and social services trust.  Those staying on the Isle of Man must have it issued by or on behalf of the Department for Health and Social Services. This concessionary licence can be applied for regardless of one’s age. However, another concession is the over 75 licence, which scraps the fee entirely for those who meet the requirements. For the free licence, applicants must be aged 75 or over and claiming Pension Credit.  TV Licensing notes on their website that applications for these free licences “may take a few weeks to process” but Britons will be notified if there are any issues. If a person finds they have been paying the full licence fee when they were entitled to a free licence may be able to receive a refund. This will be processed and determined as part of the free TV licence application. To avoid paying unnecessary fees, Britons can apply for the licence if they already receive Pension Credit but are not yet over 75 years of age.  They can apply from the age of 74 and their payments will be updated to accommodate a free licence kicking in when they turn 75. Lastly, care home, supported housing or sheltered accommodation residents may be eligible for a discounted licence fee. Residents in care homes that have ARC schemes will pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, and those over-75s in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. This is known as an Accommodation for Residential Care, or ARC, licence. An ARC licence costs £7.50 per room, flat or bungalow.