Once we get Wednesday out of the way, we're officially counting down to the weekend. To make hump day go that little bit faster, Wordle has another fiendish puzzle for fans to solve. Today's Wordle isn't necessarily a word you'd use often, which makes it more difficult. Fortunately, however, Express Online is here to help Wordle fans across the world, courtesy of some spoiler-free hints for Wordle 361 on June 15. Just head to the bottom of the page for the clues, and good luck! The concept is extremely simple, challenging players to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you can deduce that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you want to avoid losing your streak, keep on reading for the latest Wordle hints for the June 15 puzzle... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. I also like to use the word 'CRANE' as an opening guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 361 hints and clues for June 15... 1. Wordle 361 starts with the letter P. 2. Wordle 361 contains two vowels. 3. First in Italian.