Angela Rayner renewed her calls for Boris Johnson to quit after the Prime Minister was handed a humiliating victory in an internal no-confidence vote. While surviving the ballot, the Prime Minister now faces 41 percent of his own MPs having lost confidence in him over the Partygate scandal. But Good Morning Britain host Richard Madeley pointed out Mr Johnson's resignation could ultimately backfire on the Labour Party. Mr Madeley pointed out that keeping a disgraced Prime Minister in Number 10 could ramp up Labour's chances of securing a win at the next general election. The GMB presenter said: "Being absolutely honest, wouldn't you rather he stayed? "I mean, if you've got damaged goods on the other side of the benches it does nothing but good in a coming election. "If he goes and is replaced by somebody who's not tainted by Partygate, that actually gives you a bit more of a problem." JUST IN: 'You're still under investigation!' Angela Rayner blasted by Jon Kay after Boris swipe  But Ms Rayner dismissed the suggestion, insisting keeping Mr Johnson on "brings a plague on all our houses." She said: "No, because the problem is that standards in public life matter. "And when you've got a Prime Minister who thinks he can lie to the British public and break the law, and carry on, it jacks everyone down. "How many times did we hear 'politicians are all the same.' That's why myself and clear have been very clear that if we got a fixed penalty notice, we would resign. She added: "Standards matter, and if the Prime Minister thinks it doesn't, then it brings a plague on all our houses and it's not good for our country." READ MORE: ‘Brexiteers are furious over Boris snub!’ Expert says ‘loner’ PM is doomed While Mr Johnson survived the Conservatives' vote of no-confidence in his leadership, Lib Dem leader Ed Davey said his party will table a no-confidence motion in the Prime Minister in the Commons. Sir Ed said: "I think there should be a vote of no confidence in the Prime Minister in the House of Commons, Liberal Democrats are tabling a motion of no confidence in Boris Johnson. "And, if it can be debated, I hope a lot of those 148 MPs who don't have confidence in the Prime Minister will vote with the Liberal Democrats and other opposition parties so we can remove this Prime Minister." He continued: "There are millions of people out there, families and pensioners, who are suffering, they are facing a summer of discontent with rising prices, cost-of-living crisis, energy crisis, and now the travel and holiday crisis. DON'T MISS:Unable to unseat Boris, unsure of what to do next Tories in a mess [COMMENT]Boris vows to 'unite' Tory Party after narrowly seeing off rebels [REACTION]Ex-Tory leader calls on Boris to quit following confidence vote [UPDATE] "We need to see this Prime Minister gone and that is why Liberal Democrats will put forward a vote of no confidence in the Prime Minister today." Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab has said Boris Johnson has not been disheartened by the vote on his leadership but rather has "renewed energy" to deliver policies as Prime Minister. Speaking on Sky News, he said: "We've got two years to deliver and demonstrate that we're delivering. "I think we're the ones with a plan, I think this Prime Minister is full of vision, determination and if anything, renewed energy to get off the Westminster insider track, on to the outward-facing agenda of delivering for the people. "And I believe that we've got the plan, the energy, and the team which Labour can't match, they can't rival, and I don't think they're doing anything other than carping from the side-lines." When asked about the criticism of Jeremy Hunt voiced on Twitter by Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, Mr Raab said: "I like and respect both Nadine and Jeremy Hunt - he's one of my Surrey neighbours - and we will need all of the energies of all of our MPs if we're going to deliver for the people. "So I think it's time to come together."