Russia has suffered defeat near the city of Kharkiv, the city's governor claimed today as Ukraine continues to fend off the invading forces. Oleh Synyehubov, posted via a Telegram that while Kharkiv has been defended, Russia will try and take the city once again. He said: "During the past 24 hours in Kharkiv, the enemy was beating on the outskirts of the city and in the Kholodnohirsky district. "According to preliminary information, no one was injured. The Russians continue to terrorise the civilian population. “I appeal to Kharkiv residents: do not ignore alarms, stay in the shelters. "Do not be unnecessarily in the fields, on the roadsides, do not visit the forest belts. “On the line of contact in the Kharkiv region, the enemy is mainly focused on defence. Our defenders hold their positions firmly. "We have repeatedly said that the enemy does not abandon plans for Kharkiv, but our armed forces are ready for any scenario on the part of the occupiers." While making progress in the east of Ukraine, Russia has still yet to achieve what it is believed to have set out to do four months ago: capture the entire country. Moscow's forces were expected to complete most of its military objectives at the beginning of the war, but soon failed to take the capital Kyiv. Many have since claimed that a lack of discipline and poor strategic planning have contributed to the failures. Former Ukrainian defence minister Andriy Zagorodnyuk this week said that Russian setbacks show they are "not invincible". In an interview with Times Radio, he noted: "We see Russian capabilities are not that impressive. We see them now bringing the conscripts which means 18-20-year-old guys who had nothing to do with the army a year ago. "They are brought in with patched up units which don't have any training. They are meeting each other on the battlefield for the first time. "They also bring Sixties equipment, Seventies equipment, which is completely inefficient but that is all they have. READ MORE: Ukrainian MP leaps to Boris Johnson's defence and praises UK help "We see that Russia never actually planned for that long a war exhausting their capabilities, and we threw them away from a number of regions. "We pushed them out of Kyiv, we pushed them out of Kharkiv...they actually can lose. "They have lost lots of their personnel, we are talking tens of thousands of soldiers, Russians are not invincible like many thought in the beginning." As Russia continues to attack Ukraine, many fear that Vladimir Putin could end up achieving what he wants if Western support lets up. Currently, weapons from the US and Europe are helping Ukraine defend its country. The Ministry of Defence claimed this week that Russian forces are becoming exhausted and may be running low on stocks of advanced cruise missiles. DON'T MISSDesperate Putin purges top general over Ukraine war disaster [INSIGHT]Ukraine outgunned '40 to 1' with up to 100 soldiers being killed a day [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson urges Western leaders to steel themselves for a long war [INSIGHT] It said: “For years, much of Russia’s air combat training has highly likely been heavily scripted and designed to impress senior officials, rather than to develop dynamic initiative amongst air crews. “While Russia has an impressive roster of relatively modern and capable combat jets, the air force has also almost certainly failed to develop the institutional culture and skill-sets required for its personnel to meet Russia’s aspiration of delivering a more western-style modern air campaign. “This has led to a greater than planned weight of effort falling to ground troops, who are becoming exhausted; and on advanced cruise missiles, stocks of which are likely running low.” This week, a Russian dissident claimed that Putin will start a war with NATO if he succeeds in Ukraine. Mikhail Khodorkovsky, once said to be Russia’s richest man, told the Financial Times: “If we don’t manage to deal with this plague in Ukraine, we’ll have to face it in other territories. “For sure, Putin is going to lose eventually. If he wins now in Ukraine he will, because of domestic problems, start a war with NATO. And he will eventually lose that war."