On The Ramsey Show - Highlights YouTube, Kathy, 65 called in because she was not sure what she could do. After losing her husband, she was not taking in half as much income as they used to. Kathy lost her husband three years prior and they were not finished planning for their retirement. She explained to the finance expert that they were in good shape but since losing his income, she has been struggling to get by. They had a business mortgage lending business together and he was the broker. It takes training so it is not a role she can take over easily. She works part time but said this is “nowhere near” what they were bringing in before. READ MORE: Dragons’ Den reject pitch labelled ‘underwhelming’ is now set to turnover £1million Kathy is currently on social security. Social Security is a federal program in the U.S. that provides retirement benefits and disability income to qualified people. Towards retirement, Kathy has $238,000 (around £190,000) in mutual funds and $131,000 (around £104,000) in an annuity and $50,000 (around £40,000) in the bank. Mr Ramsey explained that he would get rid of the timeshare and write a cheque to clear the credit card debt today. He said: “Chop up the stupid credit card you’ve got to stop using them.” He suggested that she consider working full time to make extra income and deepen her budget. He continued: “Let’s make sure that annuity is in a good variable annuity, and is invested in good mutual funds and growing. “If it’s not we need to do some work there and the same with your pension fund. “Let’s make sure they’re growing. “You have almost $500,000 (around £400,000.) You’re 65 so when you’re 72 if you don’t touch it it will be worth $1million (around £800,000) if it’s invested like we teach you. “Just let it double. It will double around every seven years. Make sure that money is growing.” He explained that Kathy can invest into mutual funds but that it is a process. Mr Ramsey said: “The more you do it, the more you will become familiar with it and more confident you become.” He suggested that Kathy finds an investing tutor who has the heart of a teacher. “I don’t want people putting money in something they do not understand because you are scared,” he said.