British Gas Energy Trust has a special fund that hands out up to £1,500 to people struggling to pay off their bills and stay out of debt. The money is available to British Gas customers all year, and reopens to non-customers tomorrow. In his latest weekly newsletter for MoneySavingExpert.com, Mr Lewis said: “Applications and eligibility is tricky, so often it's easiest to apply via a help charity.” To apply for the individuals and families fund, a person will need to be or have the following: READ MORE: Smart meter users could be paid to use less energy at peak times via 'demand shifting' Applicants also need to provide proof of all household income, including three recent consecutive wage slips or benefit statement less than a year old. A copy of their most recent gas and electricity bill must also be provided. People applying for the funds must also have sought financial advice prior to applying from a service such as Citizen’s Advice, so that they can prove that they will be able to manage their bills in the future. Britons can apply for the fund via the British Gas energy trust website.  Mr Lewis also warned that gas and electricity energy prices are likely to spike again from October. He said that the direct debit cap is likely to rise to £3,000 a year. Other services are available to help those struggling with debt. People can call the following organisations to access the help they need to get their finances back on track: READ MORE: ‘It’s free money!’ Britons urged to act now to slash tax by thousands Every UK household will also get a £400 payment from the Government this year, as part of Rishi Sunak’s package of measures for the cost of living crisis. Most eligible people, including those on Universal Credit, will receive the first instalment of a £650 payment to help meet the rising cost of living next month. Claimants across the UK will get their first payment worth £326 from July 14, 2022. People on Tax Credits, including Child Tax Credit and Working Tax Credit, will receive the first instalment in autumn. This support arrives as inflation has reached 9.2 percent in the UK. The Bank of England recently raised the base interest rate to 1.25 percent, in a bid to tackle soaring inflation. Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip.