Queen Letizia was photographed attending the Meeting of the Board of Trustees of the Fundación Comite Español de los Colegios del Mundo Unido, or United World Colleges (UWC), held at La Zarzuela Palace, on June 15. The Spanish Queen looked ravishing in a blue dress covered in an eye-catching print. Queen Letizia, 49, always looks dazzling whenever she steps out for a royal engagement, and yesterday was no exception. The former journalist recycled a figure-hugging midi-dress with short sleeves and a ruched fit. The ruched lining at the front of the dress gave it a modern and youthful twist. The dress was navy blue but featured a confetti print in white, a brighter blue, and pink. READ MORE: Prince William embraces Mike Tindall - 'provider of support & banter' Designed by Hugo Boss, Letizia has worn the dress before. She debuted it to Madrid’s book fair in September last year, at the time pairing it with a slim black belt and fuchsia heels. The fuchsia heels made an appearance yesterday too, and are the Croc-Effect Slingback Pumps by Carolina Herrera. The dress, named the ‘Enice’ Confetti Ruched Jersey Dress, has since sold out, but Hugo Boss has a number of similar styles on sale on its website.  Letizia joined her husband, King Felipe VI at the meeting with the United World Colleges (UWC). UWC is a global network of schools and educational programmes with the shared mission of “making education a force to unite people, nations, and cultures for peace and a sustainable future”. It has 18 schools and colleges on four continents, the majority of which focus exclusively on the 16 to 19-year-old age group. One of the schools, UWC Atlantic College, is based in south Wales and is attended by Letizia’s daughter, Princess Leonor. Leonor started studying for her International Baccalaureate at the school in September last year. Wales might be a strange destination choice to send a young Princess from Spain, but UWC Atlantic College is a school that specialises in extra-curricular activities, from Tai Chi to rock climbing, as well as offering its students the opportunity to meet young people from all over the world. Situated in a 12th century medieval castle with fees typically costing over £30,000 a year, many aristocratic and royal families have sent their children to the school over the years. Princess Elisabeth of Belgium is a recent graduate and alumni include Dutch King Willem-Alexander and Crown Princess Raiyah of Jordan. This year, Princess Leonor is joined by King Willem-Alexander and Queen Máxima of the Netherlands’ middle daughter, Princess Alexia, at the school. Royal fans were quick to take to social media yesterday to comment on Letizia’s choice of outfit. Some praised her for the look, while others were not as impressed with the choice of dress. Twitter user @WGirl2022 wrote: “Such a great figure.” Instagram user @margaretavandervloet said: “The dress is ok nothing special but the shoes make the picture.” User @melisseadel commented: “I’ve always loved these shoes!! Not thrilled about the dress though.” User @sabrina_hala added: “Magnificent.”