The high-profile event is a fashion show for many attendees, with spectators donning posh dresses, huge fascinators, hats, and impeccable suits. The formal dress code bans strapless dresses with women told to keep their shoulders covered, meaning in many instances their frocks will need sleeves. In the Royal Enclosure, women must wear a hat or a headpiece with a “solid four-inch base.” Those wearing suits are also told they must wear socks, keeping their ankles hidden and that their morning jacket is not allowed to be removed. But with such tropical conditions expected, Royal Ascot organisers confirmed to Express.co.uk it will relax the usually very strict dress code. Jackets can now be removed after the formal procession. Anyone due to attend during the extreme heat will be allowed to bring in their own water.   A spokesman said: “Due to forecast high temperatures tomorrow, following the arrival of the Royal Procession the dress code will be relaxed in all enclosures. "As temperatures are expected to be high, racegoers in all enclosures are welcome to bring water and soft drinks into the racecourse." With the mercury already hotting up today, June 16, those who are planning on a day at the races tomorrow are set to bake. Temperatures are tipped to climb to around 34C in central London, with the Ascot racecourse in Berkshire only being 28 miles west. READ MORE: Queen pulls out of Royal Ascot for third day in a row as health concerns grow   Ascot will tomorrow be blanketed under 31C heat, with temperatures reaching 30C by 1pm. As the afternoon goes on, spectators will be wiping their brows as the humidity is not set to cool down much at all.  In fact, by 6pm people will still be basking in 30C heat, with it not dropping down to the high 20s until around 8pm. Among those out in the blazing sunshine are the horses.      While there may be concerns for the animals’ welfare, organisers have quashed fears the horses may overheat. “We’ve raced at Royal Ascot in temperatures of 32C – 34C before and thoroughbred racehorses are able to run in very hot temperatures including in countries such as Dubai and Australia,” the spokesman added.  “To ensure their welfare at Royal Ascot, we provide them with lots of water and ice if necessary.We also recently invested £700,000 into our new unsaddling area which is positioned to benefit from maximum share and features equine misting fans to aid with post-race cooling of horses.” The final race will take place on Saturday, when the weather will remain noticeably warm at 23C.  