In a further blow for royal fans, the meteorological service has predicted that there is the possibility of thunderstorms on Saturday morning. Annie Shuttleworth from the Met Office said that there was a risk of "torrential rain" and hail on Saturday.  She said: "Across the north east cloud will pull in off the north sea so turning a bit murky by turning a bit murky by Saturday morning. "And notice in the south, we're starting to see the risk of some heavy showers. "That's a thunderstorm warning in force for Saturday morning. "Not everywhere in this area will see the thunderstorms.  "But when you do see them you could see some persistent torrential rain with a risk of thunder and hail. "Further north, it will be a dry start. "The best of the sunshine across the northwest of Scotland. "Northern Ireland where it's likely to be quite a warm day. READ MORE: BBC Weather: Heavy thunderstorms sparks fears for Jubilee celebrations  "By lunchtime the rest of northern England should see some of that warm sunshine. "Although the north east coast will likely stay a bit cooler with clouds lingering for much of the day. "Across southern and central areas the cloud will thin out a little bit." Ms Shuttleworth said that "heavy showers" could continue on Saturday evening and into Sunday. DON'T MISS: Platinum Jubilee: Crowd camp out in rain to soak up royal fervour [REVEAL] BBC Weather: Brits to bask in 71F ahead of Jubilee weekend wash out [INSIGHT] UK Weather: Jubilee wash out after 'sunny start' [SPOTLIGGHT]  She added that it would be drier in the north.  She said: "But it will still feel quite muggy and there's a continued risk of some torrential downpours throughout the afternoon as well ,especially as we head into Sunday morning.  "Staying drier across the north as well though, with cloud pushing in once again across eastern coast.  "So we could see some further quite heavy showers on Saturday night and through Sunday across that southern and central area.  "There's still some details to be determined on that."