Minister of State for Business, Energy and Clean Growth Greg Hands tweeted: “Energy is another way we can help Ukraine. “As a panellist at [the Council on Geostrategy] meeting on Energy, Ukraine and Europe tonight, I outlined UK support for Ukraine.” This, he continued, included “850 free generators”, “advice on nuclear power”, and “filling 15 percent of European gas storage this summer”. The UK began sending mobile generators to Ukraine in the early days of Russia’s invasion, with 563 sent in mid-March and another 287 supplied in early May. At the time, Business and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: “Putin’s atrocities have continued to escalate, and so we are ramping up our support to the Ukrainian people in their time of need.” The units, he added, “will ensure more essential services in Ukraine can keep running.” The generators were supplied to help operations at critical facilities like hospitals, relief centres and water pumping stations. It remains to be seen whether Mr Hands’ claim concerning the UK’s role in filling 15 percent of Europe’s strategic gas storage this summer indeed comes to pass. In the summer month, Britain tends to have gas to spare thanks to lower demand — and very little storage in which to hold the resource until it is needed. As a result, the National Grid reported yesterday, the UK is presently sending around 75 million cubic metres of gas to Europe each day. Should this flow rate continue into September, they added, then the UK will have accounted for 15 percent of Europe’s gas storage capacity. READ MORE: UK will CUT EU gas to swerve Putin's threats and tackle energy crisis These are not the only energy-related means by which the UK is aiding Ukraine. Earlier this year, the Government introduced an exemption to its international fossil fuel policy in response to the situation in Ukraine. Ordinarily, the policy prevents the UK from providing any new financial or promotional support for the fossil fuel-based energy sector overseas. However, the exemption allows for the UK to provide Ukraine with energy and fuel aid. DON'T MISS:UK's first gigafactory to 'ramp up production' as it strikes EV deal [REPORT]UK facing EXODUS after Sturgeon unveils new independence plan [INSIGHT]Russia has 'insufficient numbers' to support Ukraine invasion [ANALYSIS] Not everyone, however, was pleased to read Mr Hands’ post about how the UK is supporting Ukraine in the energy arena. Twitter user @VoterWandering replied: “Seriously just f*** off now, you are taking the p*** out of us now. “The UK has a cost-of-living crisis alongside an energy crisis. “And you keep sending everything to Ukraine.” It comes as the UK is facing its own energy crisis. Regulator Ofgem has warned that it will raise the price cap of household bills to around £2,800, with some experts putting that figure closer to £3,000. Jonathan Brearley, the CEO of Ofgem, has already said that such a hike could see the number of households in “fuel poverty” nearly double from 6.5 million to 12 million.  