Suzy (played by Martelle Edinborough) has been trying to get her life on track in recent weeks on Emmerdale as she put her days of taking drugs behind her to put her relationship with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) first. Although she tried to convince Leyla (Roxy Shahidi) to do the same, she has ultimately failed as the beloved villager seems to have spiralled into a pit of despair. With their friendship taking a dramatic turn in next week's episodes of the ITV soap, it seems Suzy could be pushed to the edge but will a death really take place to bring the storyline to an end? The drama begins as Leyla tries to get things in order at the Take A Vow officer but she is soon confronted by Jason Denshaw (Parry Glasspool). First appearing a couple of weeks ago, the newcomer is the former drug dealer of Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson), who inadvertently gave Leyla his contact details. Since she got his number, the businesswoman has been using Jason as her source to get cocaine and knowing she lives in the village, he turns up hoping to get her to buy some more. Leyla is extremely tempted and by the end of the transaction, she has bought two bags of drugs and hides them from Suzy. As an event gets underway at the Hide, Leyla takes some of the drugs to get her through and she ends up offering to pay for everyone's food. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes stunned as MP cuts interview short Knowing this is unlike Leyla, Suzy becomes suspicious of what her friend is up to and it's not long before she joins the dots together. Taking her to the side, Suzy rips into Leyla for taking the drugs but the businesswoman goes into defence mode and explains she is pleased she has gotten away with it for so long. As the character's behaviour becomes more erratic, she loses her bank card, which is returned to her by Jai who is also concerned for his former lover. Seeing that she has a link to Jai, Jason encourages his new customer to try and get the businessman hooked on cocaine again. However, he decides to do this by blackmailing her, telling Leyla she either gets Jai back on his books or he will no longer supply her with drugs. Before she can decide on what to do, Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) enters the scene and breaks off any decision being made. Though, Jason's appearance in the village causes concern as Suzy recognises him and orders him to leave the Take A Vow office. Unfortunately, this means Leyla cannot get hold of the cocaine she desperately needs and she fumes as Suzy for causing this. Needing to spite her, Leyla brings up how Suzy was involved in the death of Holly Barton (Sophie Powles) and how Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) still doesn't know about this connection. With Suzy standing firm and refusing to give her friend the contact details for her own dealer, Leyla blackmails her. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURE]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] Suzy is left reeling when she's told she helps Leyla get cocaine or her part in Holly's death is exposed to the whole village. At this point, the newcomer knows she has no other avenue to stop her friend and reluctantly hands over the number of the dealer. In doing so, the vengeful character explains she is done with their friendship and Leyla is on her own from here on in. As the businesswoman is left to dwell on her drug habit on her own, Liam is sure he knows the reason why his wife has been acting up. It is yet to be seen what he thinks is going on but what he might not realise is this could be the beginning of the end for the character. As Leyla makes contact with the drug dealer who used to supply Suzy with cocaine, she could end up making a fatal error. Needing more and more of the drugs to get high, she could end up overdosing and someone might not find her until it's too late. With the beloved character dead, the questions will start to be asked about how she even managed to get hold of enough drugs to have an overdose. It could dawn on Suzy she was the person who gave Leyla the number of the dealer and ultimately sealed her fate. Although she didn't give Holly the drugs directly either, she was still the catalyst behind Moir'a daughter being killed. Could it be Suzy has claimed another victim and will she expose her own drug secret to bring this cycle of death to an end? The actress who plays Leyla, Roxy, has spoken about the fact Suzy is always going to be a thorn in her character's side when it comes to drugs. Roxy said: "It’s terrifying for Leyla because she’s been managing to keep these two worlds apart. It’s almost like your mistress and your wife being in the same room. "With the proximity of Suzy she feels she’s closer to being caught or exposed, whereas when what she did with Suzy was safely tucked away and separate she could compartmentalise that. "But with Suzy being in her home, in her local, sat talking to her husband, she feels she’s going to be less able to do that." Will Leyla's time in the village come to a heartbreaking end as she fails to get help with her drug habit? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.