Apple is no stranger to offering in-depth analysis of your health. The US technology giant already allows Apple Watch owners to track their average heart rate and even perform an ECG right from their wrists but the firm isn't stopping there. During its WWDC Developers Conference last week, Apple revealed a swathe of new features that will be coming to its most popular devices in the autumn that are all aimed at helping users keep track of their health and improve their overall fitness. "We're well into our journey on health," Jeff Williams, Apple's Chief Operating Officer, told Express.co.uk. "It all started organically many years ago, it wasn't a situation where we woke up one day and said 'let's knock out Health'. We were working on the Apple Watch and found out there are lots of opportunities to go help people. "The more we pulled on the threads, the more we realised that our iPhone and Watch are with people every day and are becoming such an essential part of their lives. "We think we have even more opportunity in this space and maybe even moral responsibility to help people by empowering them with more information about their health." Perhaps one of the most important changes announced by Apple is a vital update to its heart monitoring with Apple Watch getting the ability to track issues over time using something called AFib History.  The current Apple Watch can check for irregular rhythms but it doesn't offer a long-term insight into how erratic heartbeats are affecting people over days, weeks and even months. In the past, anyone with AFib would need to strap a chunky monitor to their body and keep a regular diary of the results to get an overview of their heart's health but that's all changing in the autumn. Thanks to watchOS 9 users will have a constant monitor on their wrists with data then easily accessible for doctors to check during routine check-ups. Speaking about the update Dr Sumbul Desai, VP of Health at Apple, told Express.co.uk: "We heard so often from our users that Apple Watch led them to learn about their atrial fibrillation condition through an alert which would have otherwise gone unnoticed. Those stories really motivated us to push ourselves further and really understand what more we could do for people who are actually living with the condition. "When you look at AFib, research has actually shown the amount of time the heart spends out of a normal rhythm can actually relate to complications down the line such as heart failure. "With WatchOS 9, we're actually giving our users who've been diagnosed with AFib this really incredible first-of-its-kind tool that simplifies the process so that they can be really confident in their conversations with their care providers, and really understand what's going on with their lifestyle and how it relates to their AFib. "We're incredibly excited to bring this feature to many and it will be available in the US during this fall and we're also working through the clearance processes globally as well." Another bonus of wearing an Apple Watch will come to those happy to leave it on at night with Apple boasting that its sleep tracking capabilities are getting far more advanced. With help from one of the biggest studies ever undertaken, the upgrade coming in watchOS 9 will offer an in-depth insight into how restful people are during the night. This functionality is all thanks to the accelerometer and heart rate sensor tucked inside this wearable which can monitor when users are in REM, Core, or Deep sleep - stats that are really important to our overall health. "We really wanted to go deeper into sleep because we know sleep is such an important part of all of our lives - you spend a third of our life in sleep," Dr Desai explained. "We also know that when people don't get enough sleep, that actually has a direct impact on health risk. We wanted to dig into the science further and really give our users even more information around their sleep cycles through the night. "Our new sleep stages feature using signals from Apple Watch's accelerometer and heart rate sensor users will now be able to see their sleep stages when in REM, core and a deep sleep." One final update coming soon will be advantageous to anyone who has been prescribed medication to take each day with Apple offering a simple way to add reminders, notes and even images of how each pill looks to the Health app. This should help anyone with medical conditions keep track of exactly what they are swallowing each day and when tablets need to be taken. Of course, it's not just about keeping on top of medical issues as Apple is also trying to prevent people from becoming unwell in the first place. The firm is pushing out a big upgrade to its fitness tracking which includes being able to set Heart Rate Zones during workouts and a new pacer experience that lets users choose a distance and goal for the time in which they want to complete a run. Then there's the option for Apple Watch to track a favourite route and give real-time data on speed and offer a motivational push to try and beat a previous time. watchOS 9 also features new running form metrics, including Stride Length, Ground Contact Time, and Vertical Oscillation which can all be added as metrics on Workout Views. Via a new Multisport workout type feature, this device will soon be smart enough to spot any changes in your activity and switch the metrics automatically which sports fans, such as triathletes, will no doubt find hugely useful. Explaining more about the upcoming changes, Jay Blahnik, VP of Fitness Technologies at Apple said: "We all know that being more active is, maybe one of the very best things we can all do for our health. Since the launch of Apple Watch, the activity and workout apps have been among the most popular apps for our users and we continue to push in new directions every single year because we know different things motivate and inspire different users. "So everything from sharing awards and personalised coaching all the way to richer data to help you understand how you move throughout the day and in your workouts. We're really excited about some of the updates that we've added this year that are designed as always to help everyone from the beginner all the way up to the fitness pro." And it's not just Apple Watch users getting access to fitness data as Apple is also bringing its popular Activity app to the iPhone which means owners can track their daily walks and runs in the park without needing a wearable. "Using a single Move ring and the accelerometers and sensors in the iPhone we're able to give you a picture of your activity when your iPhone is with you, as well as the ability to pull in third-party workout data from apps that you might use to give even our non-watch wearers a sense of what their activity is throughout the day," Blahnik, told Express.co.uk. "We've had such great feedback from the Activity app experience on Apple Watch we wanted to really push that further and bring it to more people in the ecosystem and we're really excited for people to get a chance to use that." Apple is clearly gathering a huge amount of data to make all these features come to life but the firm is keen to point out that none of it is ever seen or stored by the firm. "Privacy is embedded and it's at the core of everything we do," Jeff Williams told us. "And that's important when you're dealing with someone's health, that information is some of the most private information that people have. "That data is not shared With Apple. It's encrypted on-device and customers choose who to share it with and what information to share." Apple is obviously committed to its health agenda and there are plenty of useful upgrades arriving later this year that many will find beneficial and could even prolong their lives. "We still get letters every day from customers telling us that Apple watch, helped alert them to a condition," said Williams. "In some cases, it even helped save their life and that's really our octane to keep ploughing forward whether it's something like that or the all-new medications experience."