Mike Dooling, 73, was on his way to his sister’s house near Norris Green, Liverpool, when he was reportedly attacked by a group of youths at around 4pm on Saturday. He claims the boys swore at the retired teacher and threw stones and a piece of wood at him. Mike said there were about 15 boys, who he estimated to be between eight and 14 years old. The pensioner, who has two sons, told Liverpool Echo: "I’m still emotionally drained because of it. I went to my cousin’s after and I was an absolute wreck. "It was just such a frightening experience. I’m still shaken. I wasn’t even able to talk about it for a few days." Mike received a couple of minor injuries, including bruises and cuts, but said the attack mainly took an emotional toll on him. Luckily, he was able to get away from the gang quickly on his bike. Merseyside Police said the behaviour was “reckless” and have stepped up patrols in the area.   Merseyside Police said in a statement: “At around 4pm on Saturday 18 June we received a report of an assault on the Loop Line, in the Norris Green area. It was reported that a group of youths assaulted and threw stones at a male cyclist, on the Loop Line near Broadway Bridge. “No serious injuries were reported. Following such reports of criminal and anti-social behaviour in the Broadway area, officers have stepped up high-visibility patrols and a dispersal zone was also introduced for several days to help officers tackle such behaviour. Inspector Sarah Rotheram added: "This kind of reckless behaviour can have very serious consequences and quite simply will not be tolerated by Merseyside Police. “I am appealing to parents and guardians of children to please check what your child is up to when they are out with friends, and make sure they are not participating in such a dangerous activity. "We are working with partners to improve the area for the community, including improvements to CCTV and we will continue to deploy officers to disrupt those that persist in causing anti-social behaviour. “Anyone with information on this incident, or anti-social behaviour in their community, is asked to contact @MerPolCC on Twitter or ‘Merseyside Police Contact Centre’ on Facebook with reference 22000424602. “You can also call 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111, or their online form at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information Always call 999 in an emergency.” 