Make it at Market will see the daytime presenter swap broken bits for entrepreneurial advice as he helps crafters sell their wares to the general public. Alongside a team of experts, passionate makers will learn all the skills necessary to drum up a living from their hobby from The Repair Shop star Dom.  Over the course of 15 episodes, the series will showcase an eclectic mix of British amateurs. Ranging from potters, blacksmiths and weavers to woodworkers, jewellers and furniture makers, audiences will watch a passionate group of crafters launch businesses for the first time. Filmed in Stoneywell’s secret grounds, the show will be set against the backdrop of Leicestershire’s countryside. The cottage designed by Arts and Crafts architect-designer, Ernest Gimson will hopefully inspire contestants to craft themselves to success. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent: viewers left in tears after ‘emotional’ audition In each episode, Dom and his team of experts will set challenges to assess whether the group of hobbyists have what it takes. Designed to test their talents to the limit, these tasks will also help work out what kind of business model would suit them in the real world. Dom said of the commission: “We have already started filming this series and it has been really inspirational to watch the amateurs develop and bloom. "They have the skills already, but it’s great to see them really shine and fulfil their potential of making a viable business that will undoubtedly change their lives.” Acting Head of BBC Daytime and Early Peak, Lindsay Bradbury added: “Make it At Market reveals the extraordinary skills that, with a helping hand, people can use to change the course of their lives.” The new commission goes further than just a need for more engaging daytime telly though. It comes as part of the channel’s commitment to deliver realistic, informative programming with universal appeal, to better serve audiences. Nothing has been announced yet as to whether this news means the end of a Repair Shop era for Dominic but so far, there’s no evidence to suggest he’ll pass on his hosting duties. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop's Jay Blades fights tears over 'brave' young guest [SPOILER]The Repair Shop's Platinum Jubilee special sparks backlash  [REVIEW]Dominic Chinea wife: Who is The Repair Shop star married to? [INSIGHT] Set designer and restoration expert turned BBC personality, Dom has been appearing on The Repair Shop since 2017. Bringing majestic family heirlooms back to life amongst other items, he won over the hearts of the nation for his keen detail-orientated eye. Despite his years set building for the likes of Rita Ora, it was his love for cars and metalwork that drew him towards a career in restoration. The youngest expert on the show, he’s been with The Repair Shop from the very beginning. While audiences wait to watch Make it at Market, series 10 of The Repair Shop is well underway. On the latest episode, Jay Blades and the team welcomed an array of treasures into the barn. From a damaged telescope to beekeeping kits, a 1950s radio and leather elephant, the experts were kept busy. Catch up on BBC iPlayer now or watch live every Wednesday on BBC One at 20:00. 