The Duke of Cambridge is seen carrying his youngest son, Prince Louis on his shoulders, with his arms around Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The picture was taken in the Autumn of 2021 when the family were on a trip arranged by the Duchess to visit her former childhood home.  The high-spirited four are caught mid-laughter against the rocky landscape. Posting it on Twitter, the Duke and Duchess wished a Happy Father's Day to the world's fathers and grandfathers. The Duke, who turns 40 on Tuesday, wears a casual, khaki-coloured outfit in the photo, taken in autumn last year. The younger children were dressed in navy and white tops, while eight-year-old Prince George - who is third in line to the throne after his father - wore a camo print T-shirt and shorts.   The picture was taken in the Autumn of 2021 when the family were on a trip arranged by the Duchess to visit her former childhood home. A similar image from the holiday, but including the Duchess, was used as the family’s Christmas card last year. It showed the Duke in shorts, sitting on a round golden pouffe, with Prince George and Princess Charlotte perched on a traditional Jordanian camel stool and Prince Louis on a sheepskin rug. READ MORE: Netflix wants Harry and Meghan 'to explain why they were booed'  The Duchess spent three years living in Jordan as a child, when her father Michael worked for British Airways in Amman. Meanwhile, Prince William is also preparing to mark his 40th birthday next week. Royal expert Victoria Arbiter recently stated: “While others might argue age is just a number, the ushering in of a new decade inevitably allows for a moment of reflection; a chance to look back at all that's been achieved and an opportunity to positively embrace all that's to come. “In William's case, the next 10 years promise to be his most significant yet.” DON'T MISS: Zara and Mike Tindall give a glimpse of daughter Lena’s birthday'Big cat size of Great Dane' terrifies walkers Putin's war on Ukraine is 'existential threat for BOTH sides'