Former Strictly Come Dancing professional James Jordan, 44, has retaliated after he was condemned for making a joke about Johnny Depp’s libel trial victory against his ex-wife, Amber Heard. On Friday evening, James took to Instagram to weigh in on the verdict in view of his 244,000 followers.He shared a meme of the Pirates Of The Caribbean actor which featured a photograph of him triumphantly pointing at the camera. READ MORE:Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule The post divided users with some hitting out at the reality star that it was in poor taste. Jackie raged: “I don’t find it funny.” Flagstaff wrote: “It's all very tragic really. So much fame, money and power for it to end like this! Pitiful to have all your accomplishments pushed aside by the s**t show that the defamation trial was. One all to both of them, her in London, him in here. Sorry state of affairs.” M added: “It’s not about arguments James.” To which Leanne echoed: “Agree! Education needed.”Nevertheless, plenty of users jumped to James’ defence saying that the post was simply “meant as a joke”.Karen stated: “Guys this is funny, and meant as a joke, if you don't like it, just scroll past and your little snowflake feelings won't be hurt.”Stevie said: “It's very simple people! If you don't find it funny, and you want to express that. You should specify 'you' don't find it funny. Not that it's 'not' funny.” DON'T MISSTom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame[PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood's blunt reply to BBC shake-up claims[INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, marks Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in UK flag gown[LATEST] And Kevin replied: “I can’t believe the amount of people who haven’t got any sense of humour.”James himself took to his Story later that evening to weigh in on the backlash.He raged: “People get offended by everything nowadays.“If you are one of the people that got offended on my grid post PLEASE unfollow me you boring t**ts.”  Mr Depp won all three of his claims and has been awarded $10.4m in damages.  Ms Heard only won one of her three claims in her countersuit.The jury found that Mr Depp defamed her through his lawyer Adam Waldman and will have to pay her $2m.