The joy on the faces of those who had the privilege of attending was real and vibrant. This Jubilee has been defined by a spirit of gratitude and celebration, and those in such a mighty place of worship grasped the opportunity to give thanks. Her Majesty, watching the service from Windsor Castle, was doubtless delighted to see both Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge – and Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex – in attendance, as were the many millions of us who wish this family nothing but happiness. Who would miss an opportunity to rejoice in the life of a Queen who unites the nation in jubilation? The service demonstrates that even when the Queen is not with her people she will continue to inspire them for generations. In an age of autocrats and charlatans, we are blessed almost beyond belief to have a head of state who embodies integrity, grace and compassion. There was every reason for the great bell of St Paul’s to ring out so loudly and hearts across the nation rang with pride and gladness. Yesterday’s celebration was much more than an exercise in splendid ceremony. As anyone who has tuned in to the Queen’s Christmas addresses knows well, her Christian faith is central to her life. In 2014, she described the “prince of peace” as an “inspiration and an anchor”, and she draws strength from the knowledge that people across the country and the Commonwealth remember her in their prayers. In a 2002 broadcast she told her worldwide audience that “I know just how much I rely on my faith to guide me through the good times and the bad”. The Queen has led Britain through such good times and bad. She can be assured that she has modelled the values of love, forbearance, constancy and kindness found at the heart of her faith. In a superb sermon rich in racing imagery, Archbishop of York Stephen Cottrell said Her Majesty is “still in the saddle” and we are “all glad that there is still more to come”. He then thanked her for “staying the course”. Her accession seven decades ago kindled great excitement but nobody could have predicted how she would use her role to such glorious ends. She is probably the most respected leader on the world stage yet she is also the personification of a good and faithful servant who constantly puts the interests of others first. Not just in the days ahead but in the years before us we have every reason to marvel at how we have been blessed by our Queen.