Great British Bake Off star Paul Hollywood, 56, has opened up on feeling suicidal when he was hit by affair rumours during his first marriage to Alex Hollywood. He has admitted having an affair with a co-star - but says reports surrounding the incident were untrue. Paul and Alex were married from 1998-2019, and they welcomed a son named Joshua in 2001. But as Paul’s TV career took off, he was invited to star on the American version of Bake Off in February 2013. There, he confessed he embarked on an affair with fellow judge and TV chef Marcela Valladolid. "It's my fault. I am very sad about what has happened. I do feel very sad about it and what it brought on the family,” he said at the time. READ MORE: Richard Madeley and wife Judy in rare joint appearance at Ascot "I did have an affair in America with my co-judge and it was the biggest mistake of my life because actually I still love my wife.” Speaking to Platinum magazine about this “dark” period in his life, the baking expert said it changed him forever. “I was in a really dark place. I didn’t want to carry on at one point. Most of what was being said was a lie or a twisted truth,” he explained. “I’ve withdrawn a lot in the last six years and I’m happiest at home, just putting on my slippers and dressing gown in front of the telly. “I don’t go out that much and being in large groups of people makes me nervous.” After attempting to reconcile with Alex but eventually splitting again, Paul went on to date bartender Summer Monteys-Fullam, who is 29 years his junior. It was reported Paul insisted age was “nothing but a number” and lavished Summer with gifts including horses and designer clothes. But their romance is said to have fallen apart when he asked her to sign a non-disclosure agreement, forbidding her to talk about their relationship even to her own friends and family. DON'T MISS...Grace Jones, 74, sizzles in black bodysuit and thigh-high boots [PICTURES] Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT] David Beckham slams Victoria's bad habit after he gets on her nerves [ADMISSION] Summer savaged Paul on social media, claiming he “couldn’t bake” and "ate Rice Krispies most evenings". In response, Paul wrote on Instagram: “My silence on any matters is not a sign of weakness or agreement of what’s been said, merely I prefer a quiet life away from my day job! "Take what’s read with a pinch of salt and read between the lines. I know the public can’t be duped into believing what’s out there from a person making money selling stories! and continuously courting the paps... "There’s always two sides to a story you’ve only heard one... but alas I don’t play those games,” he concluded. Months after his split from Summer, Paul began dating another younger bartender - Mellisa Spalding, 37, and they are thought to still be together now. They made their red carpet debut back in December, attending The King’s Man premiere in London. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter.