In a speech at Harvard University, he set out the need to rebuild an entire continent. He also posed a series of questions: What is needed? What can best be done? What must be done? Today, three quarters of a century after the Marshall Plan’s launch, those same questions also apply to Ukraine’s post-war reconstruction. The UK has a central role to play in helping the world find answers. We have been at the heart of the unprecedented international response to Putin’s conflict since Russia’s tanks rolled over the Ukrainian border. The fighting still rages in the east, with Russia’s heavy artillery pounding towns and cities into rubble. Last week we announced that the UK would send long-range rocket systems, part of a massive collective effort to back Ukraine’s self-defence. As we support the ongoing battle, we are also looking ahead to the future – to when the world can help this valiant but shattered nation to rebuild. The task facing us is enormous. Ukraine has already sustained more than half a trillion dollars of losses. Whole cities and industries have been devastated. Reconstruction is about far more than renewing bricks and mortar. It is about healing the horrific wounds inflicted on a proud, sovereign nation: helping restore its soul. Last month, at the World Economic Forum, President Zelensky called on global governments and businesses to play their part in his nation’s recovery. We have much to offer: From infrastructure to energy, healthcare and financial and legal services - our businesses lead the world across a wide range of fields. Our potential to assist both with the immediate humanitarian response and the longer-term reconstruction effort is huge. I look forward to the day when UK companies can connect Ukrainian communities left isolated by the destruction and turn bombed-out buildings into busy construction sites. I also want to see our businesses repairing shattered transport systems, damaged hospitals and schools and supporting the Ukrainian services industry to flourish once again. Next week, I will bring together representatives from the business world, charities and other experts, to discuss with Ukraine how we can work together to achieve all this. The UK-Ukraine Infrastructure Summit is a chance to share ideas and experiences. Importantly, we will hear from Ukraine’s ministers and officials about their needs, aspirations, and priorities. I will also be calling on our international allies to join us in this critical work at the World Trade Organization’s Twelfth Ministerial Conference next week. The conflict and its fallout will be uppermost in ministers’ minds when they gather. Together, we must turn our attention to examining how trade can rebuild Ukraine and repair the global economic fallout, from rising prices at the pump to food shortages. We must also urgently consider how we can prevent Putin’s hunger for power from starving the world. I am proud that the UK has already led the way in securing a major commitment from over 50 WTO members to keep markets open and ensure food is available to all. Now, we need to seize the opportunity this gathering represents to develop a more sustainable, efficient and resilient global food system for the future. WTO members must also focus their attention on a host of other urgent challenges - from the global recovery from Covid-19, to the need to protect the environment. There can be no doubt that the challenges facing the global community right now are great. I believe that free, fair and open trade has the power to help us overcome them. It is an agent of the peace and prosperity that allows the world to stand up to tyranny.