The D-Day landings represent one of the most significant moments in World War 2. On June 6, 1944, around 160,000 allied soldiers landed on the beaches of Normandy, in a mass amphibious invasion. During that single day, 4,414 allied soldiers lost their lives - 2,501 of which were Americans - while more than 5,000 were wounded. On the German side, several thousand were killed or wounded. To commemorate the latest anniversary of the D-Day landings a number of World War 2 veterans, and several thousand visitors will gather in Normandy today. The ceremony will take place at the American Cemetery, overlooking Omaha Beach, in the French town of Colleville-sur-Mer. US Air Force aircraft will fly over the cemetery, which is the final resting place of 9,386 personnel, who died fighting on D-Day and in the operations that followed. In the UK a number of events are being held to commemorate the 78th anniversary of the landings.  READ MORE: POLL: Should EU be ashamed for ignoring Queen's Jubilee? For example, in Great Yarmouth, a remembrance ceremony will take place in the town’s St George’s Park. Attendees are asked to arrive at 5.50pm for a 6pm start, where there will be a service of readings, prayers, and hymns. And later this week, Accrington will play host to a spectacular war re-enactment, to commemorate D-Day, including ‘Allo ‘Allo characters, a replica Spitfire plane and a “1940s scene”. The full size Spitfire static display will be positioned outside the market hall from 10am to 4pm.  In Portsmouth, visitors were invited to commemorate the occasion at the city’s historic dockyard on Sunday. While veterans, their families and French and international visitors also braved the rainy weather last night in northern France, to take part in a series of events. More than 20 British veterans attended the event, near Pegasus Bridge, one of the first sites liberated by allied forces from Nazi Germany's control. Veterans were welcomed at the Pegasus Memorial, in Ranville, by the sound of bagpipes.  DON'T MISS: 'Gaunt' - Cliff Richard's appearance sparks health concern among fans [NEWS]Meghan and Harry fly back to US before Jubilee celebrations end [INSIGHT]Operation Boot Boris to be launched by Tory rebels [ANALYSIS] The ceremony recognised a key operation in the first minutes of the allied invasion of Normandy, when troops had to take control of a strategically crucial bridge. Bill Gladden, 98, took part in the D-Day British airborne operation and was later shot while defending the bridge. He said: “I landed on D-Day and was injured on the 18th of June ... So I was three years at the hospital.” Many visitors came out to visit monuments, which marked the key moments of the fight, and show their gratitude to the soldiers. World War 2 history enthusiasts dressed in wartime uniforms could also be seen in jeeps, and military vehicles on the small roads of Normandy. 