This Morning presenters Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby conducted a heartbreaking interview with Hollie Dance about her son Archie Battersbee who doctors believe is brain stem dead. The 12-year-old is at the centre of a High Court dispute where a judge is set to decide whether his life-support treatment should continue. An emotional Phillip told Hollie "you did everything you could" in a bid to comfort her.  Archie's parents Hollie and Paul Battersbee are waiting for a High Court judge to decide if the child's life-support treatment should end. The youngster was found unconscious following an incident at his home in Southend, Essex, on April 7. He is being treated by doctors at the Royal London Hospital who have said he should be disconnected from a ventilator. But his parents want their son's treatment to continue and their lawyers have argued that until his entire brain stem is dead, the child is still alive and could make a recovery. READ MORE: Cliff Richard shares Elvis Presley regret 'I should have said yes' As Hollie tearfully opened up about her son, Phillip said: "You did everything you possibly could. "He was rushed to a local hospital and was he breathing on his own when he first went to the hospital?" Hollie confirmed Archie was making efforts to breathe on his own at Southend Hospital. Phillip continued: "And then he was taken onto the Royal London Hospital which was where you were told he wouldn't survive."  Hollie was told Archie "probably wouldn't survive within 10 minutes of being there" and admitted she could not get her head around the devastating news. He was put on life support and doctors wanted to perform a brain stem test to class whether he was brain dead, but it was not safe to carry out the test. Host Holly added: "The moment this classification comes into place means you lose the right to decide his fate." The heartbroken mother and her family ended up fighting in court as they wait for a judge to decide Archie's fate. DON'T MISS...Archie Battersbee: Judge backs test to determine if boy is dead [LATEST]Alison Hammond sparks backlash for 'tone-deaf' This Morning segment [UPDATE]Platinum Jubilee pomp and pageantry celebrated in face of critics [ROYAL] "Sitting by your son's bedside is the most important thing in the world as you don't know how much time you have left," Holly told Hollie. Hollie started breaking down in tears, adding: "Every moment is precious and I am having to go to court all day and I am not getting back to the hospital some days until 7.30pm." "It all seems so horribly brutal," Phillip added. "The medical experts have said there is no sign of hope, what have you got as his mum?" Hollie said one medical expert disagrees with the hospital and claimed Archie has tried to hold her hand in recent days.  Phillip added: "I hope you get the time you need and we thank you for coming in today as we know you really want to get back to him." Barrister Fiona Paterson, who is leading Barts Health NHS Trust's legal team, has stated: "On the balance of probabilities Archie has died as a result of irreversible cessation of brain stem function". "If he has died, the trust seeks further order from the court to stop life-support to preserve his dignity." This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV.  