So let's do the Time Warp again, in the Rocky Horror Show that is British summer 2022. In 2020 we fretted about quarantine as we booked our summer holiday. Was going away worth spending 10 days under house arrest when you got back? In 2021 the nightmare was Covid testing.Was a holiday worth shelling out £100 a head for PCR tests for the whole family, for which you queued around the block?  In 2022 it's still queues, only this time they're at airports which, having bleated about the terrible way they have been treated since the pandemic began, have responded to business as usual by cocking the whole thing up. Unable to recruit airport staff to replace the people they laid off when the going got tough, (incidentally, where has everybody gone? Has everybody who was working in airports or hospitality vanished into another dimension?) people are fainting in massive security queues, flights are cancelled by the thousand and travellers lucky enough to arrive at their destination wait days for their luggage to join them. Yes folks, it's summer 2022 and the holiday nightmare is once again in full swing. Only there's more.This year there are no trains either. Because, helpfully, with just a jump to the left the rail union's on strike; so public spirited of them, those macho union barons plotting to bring the nation to a halt to spite the Tories.  What a shower - all of them, the airport executives, the union hardmen, our useless Government, the pathetic leader of the opposition not quite backing the strike but blaming the Government anyway. And, with just a jump to the right, there's Boris, not actually doing anything, hopping over to Ukraine as often as possible to show what a good chap he is. Rudderless and anchorless, scared stiff by chaos, we're stuck in a national nervous breakdown. We're doing the Time Warp again... straight back to the Seventies this time.  Do you wee in the sea? Doesn't everyone? Maybe my family is particularly gross but every single one of them cheerfully admits to a watery pee when they go for a paddle. Or piddle. Well, watch it if you're in Spain, because the city of Vigo will fine you £645 if you dare to urinate in their waters. There's just one problem. How will they know? Will they employ frogmen to patrol the seabed keeping an eye on everyone's crotch? Eeuugh. I'd give Spain a miss this year if I was you.  People finding it impossible to see a doctor face-to-face may feel better to learn their sacrifice is making the NHS greener. The service employs a sustainability officer (in charge of achieving the NHS's "world-first" pledge to be net zero in carbon emissions by 2040), who believes seeing patients remotely, reduces carbon footprints because nobody has to leave home to see their GP. So that's all right then. All the recent publicity about HRT made me think I could do with a shot of testosterone to give me more get up and go. Davina McCall swears by it. So I found a private clinic and paid a ridiculous three-figure sum for a "45-minute" telephone consultation, which lasted 20 embarrassing minutes. I was told I couldn't have testosterone without blood tests, mammograms and God knows what else. I thought the doctor would write explaining what I should do. But I never heard a sausage. What a rip-off. Never mind; at least I was saving the planet. 