Breakfast has long been regarded as the "most important meal the day" and for good reason: it provides the energy a person needs in order to get their day off to a good start. But a common mistake is opting for a high-carb brekkie instead of a one that's rich in proteins. Nutritional experts at MuscleFood explain that swapping your high-carb breakfast for a high protein option could drastically improve energy levels. Research has also shown to benefit muscle health, supporting weight loss by increasing muscle mass. Tom Bennet, Development Chef and nutrition expert at MuscleFood, explained that "protein is the macronutrient that takes the longest to digest". This means that a high-protein breakfast will leave a person feeling fuller for longer therefore curbing the need to snack. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure Protein also slows down the digestion of carbohydrates, so if a person looking to lose weight adds protein rich foods to a high-carb meal, it will reduce that insulin spike and mitigate those hunger cravings. "A breakfast that has a high protein content and is balanced with fats and carbohydrates will keep you more energised throughout the day," Tom noted. He added: "Getting a good serving of protein with breakfast also means you'll be on a great track to get an adequate amount of protein throughout the day, so sets you off to a good start all round." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Some good protein sources to add to your breakfast could include: Egg whites Chicken Turkey Salmon Greek Yoghurt Cottage cheese Nut butter Chickpeas Quinoa Tofu Protein needs vary from person to person, depending on calorie intake and activity levels. According to the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, the average man that weighs 200lb (90.7kg) and eats about 2,500 calories daily, protein requirements can range from 63–188 grams. Meanwhile, for the average female weighing 150 lb (68kg) and eating about 2,000 calories per day, protein needs range between 50–150 grams daily. Heathline reports that studies have found that consuming 25–30 grams of protein per meal is "a good base". Additional protein snacks throughout the day are also a good option to increase a person's daily intake and curb hunger cravings. Some easy to make protein-heavy recipes that will fuel your morning could include: Mocha banana protein smoothie bowl Chickpea scramble breakfast bowl Eggs Benedict with avocado hollandaise Savory tempeh breakfast sandwiches Jumbo chickpea pancake