Arsenal star Bukayo Saka will likely have his head turned by the interest from Manchester City, reckons Rangers legend Ally McCoist. City have reportedly stepped up their pursuit of the England international. Saka has just two years remaining on his Arsenal contract. The Gunners are desperate to pen him down to a new long-term deal. However, City seemingly have other ideas. The Mail claims they have joined Liverpool in showing an eagerness to sign the 20-year-old, though a bid is not expected this summer. McCoist says Saka would be guaranteed more game time if he were to stay put at Arsenal. But he says he undoubtedly would have a better chance of winning major silverware if he were to move to the Etihad. READ MORE: Bayern Munich may have shot themselves in foot with rejected Liverpool Sadio Mane bid  The pundit reckons that could have a big say in whether Saka decides to leave his boyhood club. Speaking on talkSPORT, McCoist said: "Well I think he would be almost guaranteed to play every week at Arsenal, whereas the rotation system [at City]... He would be going from the original big fish in a small pool to a small fish in a big pool if he went to City. "The rotation system they have, there's no way he would play every week. Whereas at Arsenal he would be, if not the big chief, certainly one of the guys that you would think would play most weeks. "Decision, he would obviously, clearly, you would ]think, have a better chance of winning more things at City. I wouldn't say Arsenal have no chance of winning stuff, that's not the case. "But I think he would clearly have more chance of winning things at City. And the offer would turn most young boys' heads, of course it would." DON'T MISSEverton target 'very popular' with Toffees transfer officials with £17m asking price set [REPORT]Man Utd 'ready to pay £69m' for Frenkie de Jong as Barcelona 'willing to hand over' player [RUMOUR]Man Utd can repeat Bruno Fernandes trick with star Pep Guardiola branded 'best in world' [TRANSFERS]  Saka was the only Arsenal player to feature in all 38 Premier League matches last season. He scored 11 goals and registered seven assists to showcase his importance to the Gunners. Arsenal may find it harder keeping hold of their best players after missing out on the Champions League. Despite holding a four-point lead over Tottenham with three matches of the season remaining, Arteta's side could only finish fifth, two points behind their rivals. Saka said earlier this year that his desire is to play in Europe's elite club competition. He said: “I think the Champions League creates so many special nights and it’s a dream for me still to experience one of them and hopefully many more of them."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here