Sophie, Countess of Wessex joined her husband, Prince Edward, heir to the throne Prince Charles and Princess Anne her husband Sir Tomothy Laurence at a Garden Party in Scotland earlier today. The senior working royals are currently visiting the Queen, who has taken her traditional trip to Scotland for Holyrood Week. For the occasion, Sophie wore a pale pink dress, and a beautiful diamond flower brooch. Sophie has been wearing a lot of pink lately; just earlier today she chose a blush pink suit to plant a rose in honour of Prince Philip. A few hours later, the senior working royal changed into a baby pink dress for a Garden Party. The dress featured a cowl neckline that gathered in a pleat across her left shoulder. With three-quarter length sleeves and a A-line skirt, the dress had an interesting waist detail. Two layers of pink fabric and one white were pleated horizontally together and draped down her right side. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex rocks pink Gabriela Hearst suit in Scotland today The skirt had two darts at the front and finished mid-calf. On her feet were a pair of nude court heels. As for her hat, Sophie chose to wear a large cream hat which had a meshed brim. It featured a dramatic pink fascinator which had pink feathers sticking out from it, in the shape of small arrows. This isn’t a new hat, in fact, it’s been in Sophie’s wardrobe for many years. DON'T MISS...Travel expert shares 6 ways to get a free flight upgrade [INSIDER]Keep potatoes edible for months with clever storage hack [GUIDE]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [VIDEO] She was pictured wearing it back in 2004 when attending Royal Ascot. As for her bag, the Countess opted for a small nude clutch. It was rectangle in shape and made from a crocodile-effect leather with a small clasp opening. In terms of jewellery, Sophie accessorised her outfit with a small white beaded bracelet, and then a gold chain bracelet on her right wrist. READ MORE: Carole Middleton radiant in white denim jacket at Wimbledon For earrings, the royal wore a beautiful pair of entwined diamond studs. They are her G.Collins and Sons infinity earrings which she has been spotted wearing before. The earrings are 18 carats and set on white gold diamonds. Understated but glamorous at the same time, they cost an outstanding £2,950. Sophie also wore a brooch on her left lapel. It was in the design of a rose, made of diamonds. The brooch is from Sophie’s jewellery box, and she most recently wore it for the Order of the Garter Service at Windsor Castle earlier this month. Before that, she had it pinned on a bright blue coat back in 2019, when attending the Sovereign's Parade at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.