West Ham defender Kurt Zouma has avoided jail after being sentenced to 180 hours of community service for pleading guilty to kicking and slapping a cat back in February. The Frenchman, 27, was filmed kicking, slapping and throwing the cat in disturbing footage filmed by his brother, Dagenham and Redbridge footballer Yoan, just three months ago. The video took place in his home in London and was posted on Snapchat by Yoan just moments after it happened. The footage displays the former Chelsea star kicking a Bengal cat across his kitchen, before throwing a pair of shoes at it and then picking it up and slapping its head. Kurt admitted two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal by kicking it in the abdomen and slapping it on the head at Thames Magistrates' Court last week. Kurt Zouma has been sentenced to 180 hours of community service and has been banned from keeping pets for five years. While Yoan was sentenced to 140 hours of community service and hit with another five-year ban from keeping pets. Magistrates claimed that their cat suffered with "fear and anxiety" following the horrible incident. Suspicions were raised when Yoan, 24, sent the video to a woman he had been messaging at the time. Hazel Stevens, for the prosecution, said that Kurt Zouma could be heard saying "I swear I'll kill it, I swear I'll kill it" in the video. Ms Stevens told that the 40-second video appeared to have been filmed with the cats being blamed for damaging a chair in the house. "Kurt Zouma is determined to chastise or carry out some sort of retribution for the damage caused," she said. And she added that the young woman who was sent the footage by Yoan was so disgusted with his behaviour that she cancelled a date with him. "I don't think hitting a cat like that is OK - don't bother coming today," she told the non-league defender. "Kurt, you were the owner of the two cats, you kicked and slapped either the same one or both of the cats - it’s not clear to tell from the footage whether it was the same or different cat. That cat looked to you to care for its needs. "On that date in February you did not provide for its needs but you caused unnecessary suffering for your own amusement. These offences have been committed by you when you are a public figure and you must be aware lots of people look up to you and many young people aspire to emulate you." The judge also ordered Kurt to pay the RSPCA’s prosecution costs, which total over £8,000 and both will pay a £95 victim surcharge. A West Ham United spokesperson said: "West Ham United wishes to make clear that we condemn in the strongest terms any form of animal abuse or cruelty. This type of behaviour is unacceptable and is not in line with the values of the football club. "Kurt admitted at the earliest opportunity that what he did was wrong. He has apologised without reservation. We hope that now the court has reached its decision, everyone will allow Kurt the chance to learn from his mistake and move on."