New photos showing Rafael Nadal training on the grass courts at the Mallorca Country Club have emerged a day before the Spaniard is set to hold a press conference announcing whether he will play Wimbledon. The world No 4 underwent radiofrequency treatment for his chronic foot injury last week and previously claimed he would only play Wimbledon if the procedure was successful. Nadal has been back on the grass once again, nine days after undergoing a radiofrequency treatment to attempt to dull the pain caused by his chronic foot injury. According to Spanish outlet Ultima Hora, the 36-year-old had already practised on the surface behind closed doors at Santa Ponca’s Mallorca Country Club earlier this week and the Mallorca Championships - held at the club - have shared new photos of the Spaniard in training. The world No 4 recently won a record-extending 22nd Grand Slam title at the French Open and revealed after his victory that he played using anaesthetic injections in the nerve of his foot to put it “to sleep” so he wouldn’t feel the pain, and he revealed he would undergo radiofrequency to try and recreate the same effect long-term, with his participation at Wimbledon dependent on the success. Nadal will be holding a press conference on Friday in which he is expected to announce whether or not he will appear at the All England Club for the first time in three years, and the chances of his participation look better than ever after another hit on the grass. “Hey @RafaelNadal. Look who is practicing today at Mallorca Country Club. See you tomorrow,” the Mallorca Championships tweeted on Thursday alongside a series of photos. JUST IN: Djokovic snubbed for Nadal in GOAT debate after French Open loss  The two-time Wimbledon champion also hit with upcoming Spanish player Martin Landaluce on Wednesday, with all signs pointing to another appearance at SW19 for the 36-year-old. Following his radiotherapy treatment, Nadal was set to resume hitting on a court after "three to four days" if he was feeling good in the early stages after the procedure, and has appeared to follow that timeline. Nadal admitted he didn't want to have to miss the grass-court Grand Slam after lifting his 14th French Open crown, but ruled out using anaesthetic injections again after using them in Paris. "I'm gonna be in Wimbledon if my body is ready to play Wimbledon," he confirmed. DON'T MISSSue Barker given heartwarming gift live on BBC coverage of Queen'sKyrgios names Nadal and Djokovic among top athletes in Wimbledon pleaEmma Raducanu sent Wimbledon warning as Sue Barker bites back  "Wimbledon is not a tournament that I want to miss, I think nobody wants to miss Wimbledon. I love Wimbledon, I had lot of success there, I lived amazing emotions there so full credit and respect to the tournament and a player like me, I am always ready to play Wimbledon." Speaking after his record-extending victory in Paris, he added: "If you ask me if I will be in Wimbledon I can’t give you a clear answer. If I want to win Wimbledon? Of course. So let’s see how the treatment works. The risks I took here, I won't take them for the rest of my career. That was a one-shot. Wimbledon has always been a priority. If it works with the new treatment yes [I will play]. If not, no, I won't do anaesthetics again, it's not my philosophy of life." 