Rich Paul, 40, has hinted at wanting to expand his family with Adele, 34. The pair, who have children from separate partners, are keen to blend their families into one.  The sports agent, who has three children from another relationship has said he wishes to potentially become a parent again.  He said he would be a “different” and more “patient” dad this time around.  The star stated: “As a young dad, growing a business, it was pretty tough.  “But now looking as an older dad and my kids being much older, and obviously, if I was to have more kids ... I'm looking forward to being a different dad, a more patient dad.” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit He addressed the troubles of being a young father. Rich said it was difficult seeing his children growing up so fast when he wasn’t always around. He said, in an interview with E! News on Friday: “Often times as you're building a business, you're on the go, you're moving around, the kids grow up fast in a blink of an eye. “Next thing, you know, they're walking and they're riding the bike, running and flipping around and that's the problem.”  The Ohio-born businessman also spoke about his daughter, Reonna Paul, who is in college.  He revealed his approach to parenting would be very different this time.  Rich added he was a “very young dad” but this time around he is looking forward to being an “older dad”.  The Klutch Sports Group owner admitted that despite dating Adele, his children didn’t see him as a “cool dad”. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] He added that nevertheless, his children’s friends think he is cool. Lebron James’ agent went on to state that his kids prefer their independence to “hanging out with dad”. Adele has previously revealed that she would also like to have another baby with Rich. She spoke about her family plans on The Graham Norton Show in February 2022, and said: “I want a baby next year. I have plans next year! “I have plans. Imagine if I have to cancel the shows because I'm having a baby.” The Skyfall hitmaker added: “It takes me a while to recharge, and I would like to have more children. “I only just feel like I've caught up with my sleep from nine years ago when I had my son.” The couple, who have been dating for a year, have recently purchased a $58million love nest in Beverly Hills, previously owned by Sylvester Stallone.