A record 12 million people - a fifth of the population - saluted the Queen and their communities by holding spectacular Jubilee lunches, teas and street parties. Nationwide celebrations were led by Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who were guests of honour at The Big Jubilee Lunch at The Oval in south London. The cricket ground's hallowed turf became a giant picnic arena, awash with an eye-watering array of cakes, treats and sandwiches. After cutting a massive multitiered tower of iced sponge cake, Camilla, who is patron of the Big Lunch - the UK's largest annual get-together for neighbours - gave a toast in honour of the Queen's 70 years on the throne. The royal couple were joined by the backbone of the UK, unsung heroes recognised for their duty by the Royal Voluntary Service. The glorious gathering was replicated across Britain as neighbours flooded the streets. Clipstone Avenue in Newcastle was packed with revellers who wore and waved union flags as they tucked in to plates of sandwiches and cakes. The same joyous scenes were captured in Dorset's Cerne Abbas, Saltash in Cornwall and Ashby-dela-Zouch, Leics. Goring in Oxon and Streatley in Berks put their neighbouring village rivalry aside to make a world record attempt on the longest street party. They joined 500 tables together to span the length of both high streets. But they faced tough competition from some 5,000-plus guests enjoying a mouthwatering spread in Morecambe, Lancs. Noah McKnight, five, played it the smartest in Newry, Northern Ireland, dressing as a guardsman to salute a giant Queen cuttout. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 **  Meanwhile, other members of the Royal Family joined in with the community knees-ups. The Earl and Countess of Wessex went to the Big Jubilee Lunch in Windsor where The Long Walk was reimagined as The Long Table. Prince Edward showed his wry sense of humour as he pointed to another cuttout of his mother. Sisters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie tried their hand at plate spinning at Paddington in north London. And William and Kate made a surprise appearance at a street party near their Kensington Palace home before taking children George, Charlotte and Louis to see the Platinum Jubilee Pageant.  Footage on social media showed the Cambridges at an event at Kensington Memorial Park in Ladbroke Grove. It is understood the couple dropped in "informally" to say hello and thank residents for joining the festivities. In Blackpool, the seaside town's magnificent Tower Ballroom was bedecked with Union Jack bunting as it staged an afternoon tea dance and there was a special party in Leytonstone, east London.  Generations of refugees who have made the UK their home since the Queen acceded to the throne in 1952 attended an event hosted by food bank provider PL84U. Xenia, who has just fled war-torn Ukraine, said: "The UK provided us with a place of sanctuary, the support is truly heartwarming." It is thought at least 16,000 street parties were held across the UK yesterday on what was called Thank You Day - the climax of the four-day Jubilee weekend. Brendan Cox, husband of murdered MP Jo Cox and the brains behind it, said: "Britain is such a special place when we come together - what matters now is that we build on this." The Together Coalition, which Mr Cox helped to establish, backed by the Daily Express, is now calling for an extra bank holiday from next year in honour of the Queen. 