The new regulations, which will be introduced on June 15, 2022, states that electric vehicle charge points must be installed at new residential homes and buildings. Any new building developments with associated parking must have access to electric car charge points, according to the Department for Transport. Any buildings undergoing large scale renovations to install EV charge points will also need EV charge points, provided they have more than 10 parking spaces. In November 2021, Prime Minister Boris Johnson praised the move, calling it a “pivotal moment”, with an estimated 145,000 EV chargers being installed as a result of the regulations. This law change is part of the Government’s wider plan to cut carbon emissions, with £1.3billion of investment being committed to electric vehicle charging infrastructure rollout. An additional £620million was committed at the 2021 Spending Review for targeted vehicle grants and infrastructure. READ MORE: Drivers warned of large fines for low fuel error - 'No excuse' It is hoped this will include a tenfold expansion in public EV charge points to support those without access to off-street parking. Gareth Greppellini, B2B Director at Egg, praised the new law changes, saying it would help drivers keep costs down. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Egg welcomes the new Building Regulations which set out that electric vehicle charging points must be incorporated into new residential builds from June 15, 2022. “EVs are the future of driving, however research shows that concern over the lack of public charging infrastructure and fears of running out of power are key barriers to adoption. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [URGENT]Drivers warned of using 'not good' hypermiling techniques to save fuel [WARNING] “Home-charging is, in reality, the most convenient and cost-effective means of keeping an electric vehicle on the road, so providing new home-owners with the means to charge at home could really speed up their decision to switch to an EV. “Charging at home typically adds 30 miles of charge to your car’s battery per hour. “Given most home charging takes place over a number of hours overnight, this is more than sufficient for the journeys taken by the majority of motorists and makes the need for public charging points relatively rare. “The new Building Regulations are a great step forwards for the EV industry.” The number of parking spaces with access to an EV charger must be the total number of associated parking spaces, where there are fewer associated parking spaces than there are dwellings contained in the residential building. Cable routes must be installed in any parking spaces which do not have an EV charge point where a new residential building has more than 10 parking spaces, or where there are more parking spaces than dwellings. As a result of the changes, some drivers with EV-friendly home tariffs may be able to save hundreds of pounds per year. Some estimates have found that by being on an EV friendly tariff and charging overnight at home, drivers could save over £1,000 per year compared to filling up with petrol or diesel. This could be particularly worthwhile given the continually increasing record price of petrol and diesel, with experts pointing that it could soon cost more than £1.85 a litre for petrol and £1.95 for diesel. The new laws come just a few months after the Government changed the criteria for the Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS). This allowed EV owners to install a charging station on their house alongside a Government grant which provides a 75 percent contribution to the cost of one chargepoint and its installation, up to £350. From April 2022, the EVHS is now only open to homeowners who live in flats and people in rental accommodation including flats and single-use properties.