Marion Hawkins told Lanarkshire Live 20-year-old Dylan Wood was placed on life support but incredibly escaped the terrifying plunge at the Ibrox Stadium with just two black eyes, bruising and concussion. The electrical engineer from East Kilbride was enjoying a works night out watching the pop superstar from a VIP box when he lost his balance and fell over a barrier, landing on seats below and knocking him unconscious.  Dylan was rushed to Glasgow's Queen Elizabeth Hospital's high dependency unit and placed on life support, The Daily Record reports. However, he miraculously escaped with only minor injuries and could be allowed home later today. Mum-of-four Marion said shocking video footage of the moment her son plunged head first into the packed crowd below left her feeling sick to her stomach. "We didn't know what injuries he had so he was put on a ventilator to keep him stable", she said. "It was touch and go that night but the scans came back all clear and he has no broken bones. "It's a complete miracle he's still here, walking away with just cuts and scrapes. I was ill watching the video of it.  "Dylan was crying on the phone to me today, I think it's just hitting home for him how serious it was and how close he got to not being here. I’m glad he never landed on anyone – he could have killed someone. “His boss and workmates have been checking in on him. Everyone got a huge fright.” Traumatised witnesses told how Dylan fell from the Club Deck, above the Main Stand, towards the end of the show and watched in horror as paramedics performed CPR on him. Pharmacist Tracy Brown, from Rutherglen, said: “He just came flying down from the Club Deck above and landed in the row right in front of us. People were throwing water over and then everyone screamed and jumped back. There were people all round about.” Sharing Dylan's account of what happened, Marion added: "Dylan told me he was leaning up against the bannister in the VIP box and remembered thinking it was quite low down. He can't remember exactly, it's a bit of a blur, but he thinks he went to lean against it, misjudged it and fell back. It all just happened so quickly.   "He was knocked out and remembers coming to and getting a fright as people were grabbing at him. Paramedics were called and they got him out of there and worked on him in the ambulance before taking him to hospital. "I just panicked when I got the call and drove straight there. But he's doing good now and I hope to get him home today, I need him home." Marion said she continues to relive the fall as Rangers examine CCTV footage of the incident. It is understood a safety meeting was held to review the incident. Marion added: "I can't stop thinking about it. I hope it was just a freak accident but I'll be fuming if it turns out the barrier was too low and someone is at fault. The main thing is he's okay. He's a very lucky boy."   She also revealed her Rangers fan son was a regular at Ibrox but fears the trauma from the fall will prevent him from attending future games. Marion explained: “Dylan has witnessed drama and excitement while watching Rangers at Ibrox. No one would ever have thought that if he was going to be involved in an accident there it would be during a Harry Styles concert. I think it will be too much for Dylan going anywhere near there now.” A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Officers were made aware of a man falling from a club deck at a premises on Edmiston Drive, Glasgow at around 10.15pm on Saturday, June 11. “There were no suspicious circumstances and the man was seen to by medical staff.” DF concerts and events, the Scottish Ambulance Service, and Rangers were contacted for comment. 