Theresa May has blasted current Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his bid to override Northern Ireland protocol. The former Prime Minister questioned Mr Johnson's patriotism to the country calling it into question over his intended actions. The Northern Ireland protocol was agreed to by Mr Johnson in 2019, which he agreed with the EU as part of a Brexit trade deal. Ms May claimed such actions are illegal under international law and said she would not vote on the bill. Ms May said: "Do I consider it to be illegal under international law, will it achieve its aims and does it at least maintain the standing of UK in the eyes of the world? My answer to all three of those questions is no." "I expect they are saying to themselves, why should they negotiate in detail with a Government that shows itself willing to sign an agreement, claim it is a victory, and then try to tear part of it up in less than 3 years' time. May confirmed she won't vote for the bill: "As a patriot, I would not want to do anything that would diminish this country in the eyes of the world. This bill is not legal in international law, it will not achieve its aims and it will diminish the UK in the eyes of the world." JUST IN: Israel fury as EU chief attempts to meddle in Iran nuclear deal: 'Strategic mistake!'    Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been pushing ahead with ripping up parts of the Northern Ireland protocol. But MPs have the ability to push back on his planned proposal, and many do not agree with his latest bid. The British Government wants to change parts of the bill in order to make it easier for trade to flow from England to Northern Ireland. The EU has condemned the law over the past month and pushed back on Mr Johnson's plans. READ MORE: Michael Jackson's horrifying physical reaction to his father's abuse      Despite MPs accusing Mr Johnson of breaking the law, Mr Johnson has been trying to fast-track the planned changes through the Government. The latest Brexit bill vote is dividing politicians in Parliament as some are for the changes, whilst some remain strongly against. Ahead of the vote in Parliament, Brexiteer Ben Habib told TalkTV: "What are the EU going to do? They talk about a trade war but if they were going to have a trade war, they would have to put a hard border on the island or Ireland. DON’T MISS: Covid: The texture of phlegm may be 'at the heart' of 'severe' and ‘long’ Covid infections 