The Queen is celebrating 70 years on the throne this weekend, and tributes from celebrities and officials from around the world have been pouring in. While Kirsty Young presented the BBC’s coverage of Her Majesty’s Trooping of the Colour birthday celebration, Barack Obama has recalled his several meetings with the royals in a special Platinum Jubilee tribute. President Obama revealed the Queen was one of the most “remarkable” people he had ever met in his Jubilee tribute. “When you’re President of the United States, you meet a lot of remarkable people,” he told viewers. “And you try under all circumstances to retain your composure. “But that’s harder than you think when you’re visiting Her Majesty.” The 44th US president recalled his first trip to Buckingham Palace in 2009 when he met the Queen and her husband Prince Philip for the first time. READ MORE: Michael Le Vell age: How old is Coronation Street's Kevin Webster? Obama continued: “Before I took office, Michelle and I hadn’t been to too many palaces. “So, we weren’t sure what to expect on our first trip to Buckingham [Palace]. But we shouldn’t have been worried.” The BBC broadcast played footage of the former president and his wife Michelle shaking hands with the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh alongside his message. “Her Majesty put us at ease with her grace and generosity,” he recalled.  “So much so that I walked away thinking she actually reminded me a little bit of my grandmother.” Obama went on to detail the personal bond he and the Queen have developed after several visits during their years of service to their countries. “And in the years since, I like to think Her Majesty and I have formed a special relationship of our own,” he hoped. “Certainly, I can say that getting to know her was one of the great privileges of my years in office.” DON'T MISS:Naga Munchetty makes demands as she struggles through royal coverage [VIDEO]NCIS season 20 theory: Torres commits murder in ‘dark’ clue [THEORY]Conversations With Friends made major change to sex scene [INSIGHT] “And I learned so much from seeing the example she set for all of us who have the privilege to serve.” Addressing the Queen directly, he added: “Your Majesty, it would be an understatement to say the world has changed a bit in the seven decades since you first came to power. "But your character never has. Your steadfast stewardship of one of our most important democracies has made the world safer and more prosperous through war and peace, times of adversity, and times of prosperity. “Your life has been a gift, not just to the United Kingdom, but for the world.”  He signed off his message: “It is with gratitude for your leadership and the kindness you’ve shown me and my family that I say: May the light of your crown continue to reign supreme.” Tributes to the Queen will continue throughout the weekend celebrations, which kicked off with Trooping the Colour and finish with the lighting of the beacons on Thursday evening. Over 10 million people are then expected to take part in parties across the UK to pay their own tributes to the monarch’s long reign. 