The Duke and Duchess of Sussex took part in the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday. Despite being sixth-in-line to the throne, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle sat in the second row, behind the Earl and Countess of Wessex and their children and near their non-working cousin Princess Eugenie and husband Jack Brooksbank. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Moreover, the Duke and Duchess were sitting metres away from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The seating arrangement is believed to have been drawn up in accordance with the pecking order. While Harry is still high up in the line of succession to the throne, he is no longer a full-time member of the Firm, which has diminished his relevance within the Firm. And royal author Ingrid Seward claimed this is "difficult" for the Duke. She wrote in The Sun: "Becoming a 'second row royal' is difficult for Harry to swallow. "When he walked into the cathedral with his stylish wife Meghan by his side, he looked fed-up." Prince Harry and Meghan arrived at St Paul's Cathedral by car. There, they were met by the crowds with a mix of boos and cheers. READ MORE: Queen last-minute diary change scuppers Harry and Meghan Netflix plan The Duke and Duchess kept smiling while being greeted by the clergymen lined up at the entrance of the cathedral. They held hands while walking up the stairs and appeared to continue smiling until they took their seats. However, during the service the Duke appeared, at times, with a saddened look. Following the service, the Duke and Duchess were spotted chatting with Harry's cousins Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips. After waving them goodbye, they left alone by car and did not attend the reception hosted by Prime Minister Boris Johnson at London Guildhall. Meghan and Harry were also spotted on the first day of this extended bank holiday weekend, on Thursday. The pair watched the Trooping the Colour parade unfolding from the Major General's Office overlooking Horse Guards Parade alongside other members of the Firm. Given they are no longer full-time working royals, the Duke and Duchess were not invited onto the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast with the Queen. The Duke and Duchess are believed to be staying at their official residence in the UK, Frogmore Cottage. With them, are their children Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, who turned one on Saturday, and Archie Harrison, three. Prince Harry and Meghan haven't released a picture of their daughter in the UK yet, but she is believed to have been finally introduced to the Queen face-to-face. Meghan and Harry stepped down as full-time working members of the Firm at the end of March 2020, a move which was dubbed Megxit. They have since relocated to California and in the summer of 2020 they moved into a mansion in the Santa Barbara star-studded neighbourhood of Montecito. Prince Harry visited the UK twice last year, first to attend the funeral of Prince Philip in April and in July to unveil the statue of Princess Diana in July, alongside Prince William. In April, Meghan and Harry paid a private visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle, while on their way to The Hague to attend the Invictus Games.