The summer transfer window can't come quick enough for some and Everton will be desperate to get their business done early. The free agent market this summer offers up plenty of options for teams like Everton though and Christian Eriksen may be the most obvious target for Frank Lampard's side. Brentford took a chance on bringing the Denmark international in last season and it paid dividends with the former Tottenham midfielder showing his class in the Premier League. It was around a year ago when the footballing world held their breath as Eriksen collapsed to the floor at last summer's Euros after suffering a cardiac arrest. But he's made a stunning return to action after his move to Brentford in January on a six-month contract. The Bees are reportedly hoping to re-sign the 30-year-old this summer and it's been suggested Eriksen will strongly consider staying at the London club. However, Eriksen will likely not be short of options with a host of Premier League clubs also showing interest. Everton are said to be among those looking at the possibility of signing Eriksen this summer. JUST IN: Everton tipped to sign Chelsea duo with Frank Lampard key to swoop  But the hive of activity surrounding Eriksen means those interested will likely need to move fast in snapping the midfielder up. Everton have often been guilty of missing out on targets after dallying for too long on whether that target fits what they want. Donny van de Beek is not expected to sign on a permanent basis following his loan move from Manchester United. Finding some creativity in the middle of the park will be a priority with Abdoulaye Doucoure the only midfielder to score more than twice last season. DON'T MISS  Eriksen proved that he hasn't lost his playmaking abilities at Brentford, providing four assists and scoring in the 4-1 win over Chelsea. He also scored in both games he played for Denmark in international friendlies against Holland and Serbia back in March. Signing Eriksen appears to be a no-brainer for a club like Everton hoping to return to the top-half of the table under Lampard next year. Lampard was never able to settle on his preferred midfield starters, but he would be able to build around Eriksen to give him what he needs. If Everton are able to keep both Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin as well, Eriksen would thrive at the opportunity to provide for both attackers. But time is running out to try and win the race for Eriksen's signature and the Toffees will need to make their move quicker than previous years.