Reality star Kim Kardashian, 41, and her comedian boyfriend Pete Davidson, 28, touched down in London earlier this week, amid claims that her bid to get the best seats in the house for the Platinum Jubilee party had been denied. However, a source close to her spoke out to suggest the rumours are untrue and she was in Britain simply to support her boyfriend as he undertook a "secret project". Kim, who now sports blonde hair a similar shade to her beau's, was spotted with him in the capital on Monday and Tuesday. However, a source has now insisted attending the Jubilee celebrations was not the reason for her London visit. "Pete was working on a secret project in London and Kim was there to support him," the source told Page Six. They added she was back on home ground before the festivities had so much as kicked off. READ NOW: Piers Morgan's dig at Meghan Markle after Prince Louis' reaction "Kim had a cover shoot back in LA [on Wednesday, June 1] that was planned a long time ago," they explained. A source for Pete also insisted there was absolutely no truth to reports she had attempted and failed to access the event. According to the insider, she "didn't even ask to go". It had previously been reported "there are some tickets you just can't buy". A source had told The Sun: "You can’t wave the celebrity card and bag a seat like you imagine is possible at Wimbledon or the most exclusive restaurants in town." Kim was spotted at trendy London hotspot the River Cafe, as well as Dover Street Market, earlier in the week. However, it seems the pair opted not to stick around after their flying visit. The Queen herself was also unable to attend Friday's festivities after telling of "discomfort". DON'T MISS... Richard E Grant reflects on 'navigating grief' after wife's death [INSIGHT] Donny Osmond warned ‘don’t come back’ after breaking on-stage rule [UPDATE] Amber Heard’s lawyer says she ‘absolutely can’t’ afford $10m damages [LATEST]  The Palace revealed in a statement: "The Queen greatly enjoyed [the] Birthday Parade and flypast but did experience some discomfort. “Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow’s national service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend.” However, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, who now live in the USA, braved the boos of the crowd to attend a royal event for the first time in two years. It seems as though Kim has finally found happiness again with Pete, 28, after a thorny separation from Kanye West, who is the father of her four children. Kim had performed a segment with Pete for Saturday Night Live but became intrigued when he didn't attend the after party, and approached the producers to request his phone number. Admitting on her show that she was initially drawn to his "big d**k energy" and was simply "DTF (Down To F***)", she reported she ended up falling for him. "When I turned 40, everyone said it’s the best sex of your life... I wasn’t even thinking like, 'Oh my God, I’m gonna be in a relationship with him,'" she revealed. Now, however, she says they are enjoying domestic bliss and rediscovering the simple aspects of life together. She exclaimed: "I never knew you could just be so happy watching TV series or [going] to the gym."