Lilibet Diana is set to join her parents Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee weekend where she will be introduced to the Royal Family for the first time. This momentous occasion could mean Lilibet is christened privately like her brother Archie. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express' Royal Roundup, royal correspondent Richard Palmer explained how it could happen. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** He said: "Lilibet, as far as we know she hasn't been christened yet and this is just speculation but I think quite a lot are wondering whether the family will use the time here to have a small, private christening. "Perhaps at the Queen's private chapel in Windsor Castle or at the chapel on the grounds of Royal Lodge where the Queen often goes to worship on Sunday. "Nobody is telling me that is going to happen. "We don't know, we're probably not going to find out but it's probably one worth keeping an eye on." READ MORE: Kate and William to miss Lilibet's first birthday The Queen is the first British monarch in history to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. Millions across the country are gearing up to take to the streets for parties and national commemorations held in her honour during the special extended bank holiday weekend. The Queen, who at the age of 96 has mobility problems, returned to her Windsor Castle home with her dogs on Tuesday after a pre-Jubilee a break at Balmoral as she paces herself ahead of the four days of festivities. Her flight back to London was forced to abort a landing when her 13-seater plane was caught in a lightning storm. The commemorations kick-start with the traditional Trooping the Colour military spectacle on Thursday, involving more than 1,500 officers and soldiers and 350 horses from the Household Division. But the Queen's attendance is only likely to be confirmed on the morning, with royal fans hoping to see her appear on the balcony with her family for a special flypast, and possibly even review the troops. In the evening, more than 3,000 beacons will be set ablaze across the UK and the Commonwealth in tribute to the Queen, with the principal Tree of Trees beacon illuminated outside the Palace. DON'T MISS Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'will only curtsy to the Queen' at Jubilee - claim [VIDEO] There will be no ceremonial journey to the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral for the Queen on Friday June 3, and the monarch, if she attends, will use a different entrance rather than scaling the steep steps. And the Queen's planned visit to Epsom for the Derby on Saturday is likely off, with members of the Royal Family attending on her behalf. Saturday is also the first birthday of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's daughter Lilibet, amid speculation the Queen will get to meet her namesake for the first time and possibly attend her christening when Harry and Meghan fly back for the Jubilee. In the evening, the BBC's Party at the Palace - set on three stages in front of Buckingham Palace - will entertain a live crowd of 22,000 people and a television audience of millions.