The Duchess smiled widely while walking up the stairs of the cathedral in central London with her husband Prince Charles to attend the service of thanksgiving dedicated to the Queen. She looked elegant in a ivory and gold embroidered coat dress by Fiona Clare and a matching Philip Treacy hat.  The future Queen smiled and waved at the thousands of adoring fans who gathered in central London. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall were the last royals to arrive, stopping to speak with members of the clergy before making their way inside to their seats. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, followed by Charles and Camilla, were the led in a procession to their seats in the front row of the cathedral. There, Camilla was joined by most members of the Royal Family, including the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, as well as diplomats, politicians and the recipients of the Honours in the New Year or Birthday Honours lists. Future Queen Camilla joined her husband Prince Charles who today is the highest-ranking member of the Firm in attendance after the Queen pulled out of the service. News the monarch would not join the large congregation gathered at St Paul's was shared yesterday evening.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice all smiles as she arrives with Edoardo for service The statement by Buckingham Palace read: "The Queen greatly enjoyed today’s Birthday Parade and flypast but did experience some discomfort. "Taking into account the journey and activity required to participate in tomorrow’s national service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral, Her Majesty with great reluctance has concluded that she will not attend." Quashing fears for the Queen's health, the Palace added the Queen would still take part in the lightning of the beacon ceremony a few hours later.  DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan branded 'irrelevant' during Jubilee celebrations [OPINION]Why are there no photos of Lilibet Diana? [EXPLAINER]Camilla Duchess of Cornwall ‘incredible’ in ivy dress at St Paul's [PICTURES] The statement read: "The Queen is looking forward to participating in tonight’s beacon lighting event at Windsor Castle and would like to thank all those who made today such a memorable occasion." On the first day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Camilla was among the most prominent royals. Ahead of the Trooping the Colour parade, she shared the first carriage in the procession leading up to Horse Guards Parade with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and her three children.   Moreover, she was among the members of the Firm to step onto the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the RAF flypast with the Queen.