 The Queen’s cousin is expected to attend a reception and a performance of Sounding Retreat on Horse Guards Parade on Wednesday. Princess Alexandra, 85, will visit in her role as Royal Colonel in Chief of the 3rd Battalion The Rifles. Her attendance comes just days after the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, during which the princess appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace.  Alexandra was among the 17 working royals who accompanied Queen Elizabeth II during Trooping the Colour on Thursday. She is known to be a close confidante of the Queen, 96, and has previously been described as the “closest thing to a sister” for the monarch, particularly following the death of Princess Margaret in 2002. As the daughter of Prince George, Duke of Kent and Princess Marina, she is simultaneously Queen Elizabeth’s first cousin and Prince Philip’s first cousin once removed. At the time of her birth, in 1936, Alexandra was sixth in line to the throne, and is now 57th.  The princess has been a working royal throughout the majority of the Queen’s reign, and has been a reliable support system for Her Majesty. Perhaps, it is this trait that earned her the highest honour from the monarch — the Most Noble Order of the Garter. In 2003, the Queen made her a member of the exclusive Order of the Garter, an honour that Her Majesty did not bestow on her younger sister, Princess Margaret. As Hugo Vickers, a royal historian, pointed out in the 2021 Channel 5 documentary ‘Princess Alexandra: The Queen’s Confidant’: "Princess Margaret was not given the Order of the Garter, but Princess Alexandra was - I think that’s significant."  Royal Commentator Daisy McAndrew added: "To really get the significance of being given the Order of the Garter, you have to understand that only 26 people at one time can have it." In a rare interview, taken from BBC programme The Queen at 90 to celebrate Her Majesty’s 90th birthday, Alexandra reflected on her award with characteristic modesty. She said: "To my astonishment, when she said she’d given me the Garter or was going to give me the Garter, I remember thinking: ‘Good gracious, could I think about it?’ "And she said, ‘Alexandra, I’m terribly sorry, you cannot because it’s already been cassetted, and it’s going to be announced tomorrow morning!'" DON'T MISS: Queen 'fought back tears' in moving end to Jubilee [REVEAL]Britons rush to defend Louis as Royal sensationally criticised [INSIGHT]Harry looks pensive as he and Meghan touch down in California hours... [REPORT]  Alexandra has been a close companion of the Queen since childhood. She was a bridesmaid at her cousin’s wedding to Prince Philip in 1947, and, over 70 years later, was one of just 30 guests able to mourn alongside the Queen at the funeral of the Duke of Edinburgh. Speaking on the documentary, Ed Owens, royal historian and commentator, commented on the two women’s relationship: “The role of the Queen is an extremely lonely one. She doesn’t have many people in whom she can confide. “We know that she was close to the Duke of Edinburgh and, also, her sister, Princess Margaret. “But beyond those two, who else is part of this inner sanctum? “Well, she and Alexandra have spent decades growing up alongside one another, and I think Alexandra is very much one of those figures who has been there at times of difficulty but also been in the role of counsellor and advisor at times of crisis too.” Alexandra has stepped up in recent months amid concerns surrounding the Queen’s health and mobility. In the month when Her Majesty spent a night in hospital, Alexandra carried out nine engagements.  Prior to this, Her Royal Highness had only conducted four engagements from January to August, and conducted a total of ten engagements in the entirety of 2020.