Manchester United could struggle to sell unwanted stars Phil Jones, Eric Bailly and Anthony Martial, according to reports. The Red Devils have also apparently told full-backs Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams to find new clubs as Erik ten Hag continues to make sweeping changes. The new United boss is expected to complete a major overhaul of the squad he has inherited. Former interim head coach Ralf Rangnick ominously predicted that the club would need to sign at least 10 new players during the summer transfer window. The huge rebuild has already been prompted by the free transfer departures of Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata. but United hope to shift more deadwood in a bid to create space for Ten Hag to acquire his top targets. However, the Old Trafford outfit are apparently struggling to sell outcasts Jones, Bailly and Martial. Jones and Bailly have struggled for game time at United under successive managers, while Martial failed to rebuild his reputation on loan at Sevilla. JUST IN: Arsenal 'going all out' to beat Utd and Liverpool to Jesus alternative According to the Manchester Evening News, clubs who are interested in Jones and Bailly are not yet prepared to test the waters with a bid as they know they have little competition. That could see the valuations of both players decrease as the window moves on. Meanwhile, Martial endured a tough time in Spain during the second half of last season. The Frenchman was sent away from Old Trafford in a temporary move to help rekindle his confidence, but scored just one goal. The 26-year-old’s stock is now nowhere near where it was when United fielded interest in the summer of 2018. Ten Hag’s widely reported interest in a new forward will mean Martial will return to United for pre-season even further down the pecking order than when he departed in January. DON'T MISS...Man Utd chiefs had Erling Haaland 'agreement' before Man City transferMan Utd ‘disregarding most recommendations’ because of Ten Hag listMan Utd now look like Eriksen frontrunners after positive twist Meanwhile, the report adds that defenders Wan-Bissaka and Williams have been told to find new clubs in United’s latest transfer listings. Wan-Bissaka was a £50million arrival from Crystal Palace in 2019 but had his attacking weaknesses exposed under Rangnick, who often preferred to use the more attack-minded Diogo Dalot. The 24-year-old has been linked with a return to Palace and is apparently attracting interest from Jose Mourinho’s Roma. Left-back Williams struggled to impress on loan at relegated Norwich City last term. Removing deadwood from the club’s wage bill will help Ten Hag in his bid to completely revamp his squad. United have been strongly linked with midfielders Frenkie de Jong of Barcelona and Christian Eriksen, who will pick between the Red Devils, Tottenham and Brentford when his contract with the latter expires.  Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 