It is often customary for working royals to publish new photos of the youngest royals to celebrate milestones. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, showcased new snaps of Prince Louis back in April as the youngest Cambridge prince turned four. But after the Duke and Duchess stepped back from Royal Family life in 2020, they emphasised their desire for privacy and a break away from the expectations of the Firm. However, when they returned to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, they seemed to “hark back” to previous royal traditions in the portrait released for Lilibet’s first birthday on Saturday. Professor Pauline MacLaran of Royal Holloway, University of London, described how Lilibet's dress was an old-fashioned touch, whereas her accessories were "more contemporary". In the photo, Lilibet smiles with a white bow headband perched on her head, dressed in a pale blue dress. Her ginger hair, clearly recalling that of her father, can clearly be seen along with a number of baby teeth. Professor MacLaran told Express.co.uk: “Like other photos of royal children often do, the dress style of Lilibet’s outfit harks back to the 1950s, emphasising tradition in this way although the flower rather than a clip in her hair is more contemporary.” The Queen’s great-granddaughter and namesake’s birthday fell on the Saturday of the Jubilee celebrations, and was celebrated privately with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Meghan, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, said they were “incredibly touched” to receive an outpouring of well-wishes on Lilibet’s first birthday, publicising a picture of the youngest Sussex grinning at a picnic at Frogmore Cottage. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry release emotional statement over Lilibet A spokesperson for the couple said the adorable picture was taken by Misan Harriman, a professional photographer and family friend of the Duke and Duchess. In a separate photograph taken by Mr Harriman and later posted on his social media, Meghan and Lilibet face the camera alongside Mr Harriman’s own family. He said it had been “a privilege” to mark Lilibet’s birthday on the grounds of Windsor at the height of the Jubilee festivities. He captioned the image, rendered in black and white: "It was such a privilege to celebrate the 1st birthday of Lilibet with my family and hers! Joy and face painting all around." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William and Harry IGNORED each other at Jubilee [LIVE] Meghan and Harry 'absolutely’ deserved to be booed [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry have stayed until end of Jubilee? [VOTE] A spokesperson for the Sussexes said the celebration was a “casual, intimate backyard picnic at Frogmore Cottage”. Photographs of the young Sussex children are rare, particularly those featuring Lilibet. This is only the second round of photos officially released by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, after the couple debuted their daughter on a Christmas card late last year. The Duke and Duchess stayed largely away from the cameras during their trip back to the UK for the Jubilee, with their two children completely out of sight, unlike their cousins Prince Louis, Princess Charlotte and Prince George. Harry and Meghan were glimpsed watching the Trooping the Colour parade on Thursday and attended a thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral on Friday, but limited their appearances to the public outside of these events. But it is believed they introduced Lilibet, who was in the UK for the very first time, to the Queen on Thursday. A source told The Sun that the Sussexes had requested their photographer immortalised the meeting between the two Lilibets, but that the suggestion had been slapped down by the Palace. They claimed: “Harry and Meghan wanted their photographer to capture the moment Lilibet met the Queen. "But they were told ‘no chance’. It was a private family meeting.”