Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are set to make their UK return together this weekend for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced they would also be bringing their children Archie and Lilibet Diana with them. Arthur Edwards, royal photographer of The Sun newspapers, has since discussed whether a photo of Lilibet could be released to mark her birthday and first meeting with the Queen. Speaking on Piers Morgan Uncensored, Mr Edwards said: "If they publish a picture when the Queen meets Lilibet, that will wipe everything else out. "That picture will just scream everything the Queen is trying to achieve with us, doing her very best to make appearances and it will just go to pieces. "I just hope she doesn't turn up with a photographer to do that and put it out. "And I don't think the Queen will allow it anyway." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan 'prefers rift' It comes as Harry and Meghan's popularity has sunk to a record low, according to a new poll. Nearly two thirds of Britons (63 percent) hold a negative view of Harry and Meghan, according to the YouGov survey on the favourability of members of the royal family. The results come as the couple, who have stepped down as working royals and moved to north America, will return to the UK this week with their two children to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Harry's favourability score has dropped from -25 in March to -26 in May, with 58 percent of people thinking of him negatively versus 32% who see him in a positive light. Meghan's score has slumped even further from -39 to -42, with almost two in three people having a negative view of her compared to 23 percent who have a positive one. Changes in attitude towards Harry have changed dramatically since 2018, when he was the most popular royal with the British public, 77 percent of whom held a positive opinion of him at the time. He remains more popular among the young, with 42 percent of 18 to 24 year olds seeing the duke positively, compared to 33% who see him negatively. In this age group, 38% view Meghan positively and 36 percent negatively. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew broke Philip's memorial plans by escorting Queen [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan's plans for Lilibet's first birthday revealed [ANALYSIS] The poll, carried out on 1,692 adults between May 18 and 19, also revealed that the Queen remains the most popular royal. Eight in 10 Britons hold a positive opinion of the monarch, versus 12 percent who see her negatively - giving her a net score of +69. The survey showed that 77 percent of the public think the Duke of Cambridge will do a good job as king, compared to 57 percent for the Prince of Wales. William is seen as a good role model by seven in 10 Britons, while only three in 10 think the same of his brother Harry.