Sam plays Samson Dingle on Emmerdale, the son of Sam Dingle (played by James Hooton) and the late Alice Dingle (Ursula Holden-Gill) who was born in 2006. Since the character arrived on the ITV soap, he has been played by four different actors, with Sam being the current star in the role. It seems since he joined the cast, he hasn't aged a day but it seems he will be celebrating a milestone birthday very soon. In the show, the character of Samson is still at school, which he goes to with Cathy Hope (Gabrielle Dowling), Heath Hope (Sebastian Dowling) and Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell). The young man is 16-years-old, having been born on January 12, 2006, and he has started to feature in more mature storylines. It turns out, that the actor is actually two years older than his alter-ego and he is celebrating his 18th birthday this year. There is no indication of how the soap star marked the occasion as it doesn't seem his social media platforms are public. As there are several younger members of the cast who socialise together off-camera, it is likely he celebrated with them. READ MORE: Blue Bloods blunder: Key Erin and Danny scene had crew equipment When he joined the show in 2009, taking on the role from his predecessor, Charlie Pell, the actor would have been five-years-old. He would have had to have acted as a three-year-old at the time but he has certainly become a lot more adult in recent storylines. As well as developing a crush on Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell), he has also been seen learning how to respect the person you want to be romantically involved with and has tried to stop his friends from making bad decisions. This is the first role the actor has taken on and it seems he is going to be playing the character for some time as there are no signs of an exit just yet. With a new generation of Dingles coming through, he is likely to feature more in bigger storyline, as executive producer Jane Hudson teased earlier this year. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap boss said: "I think it's really important for the show that we have stories aimed at everybody. "What makes soaps different from a lot of dramas is our reach, which is teens right up to 90 plus. We've got a lot of viewers to keep happy. "This year the likes of Noah, Amelia, Samson, Archie, Cathy and Sarah – you're going to be seeing them much more prominent in the stories. "Because they deal with topics that affect their generation and we see how they handle things. "It's really important that we keep our youngsters coming through because they are our next generation," she continued. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb left drained over 'hellish' family problem [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Joe Tate star's transformation in new pics with girlfriend [PICTURE]Emmerdale’s Rosie Bentham pleads for co-star’s return 'A lot of drama' [COMMENT] It seems the actor is keen to pursue some bigger storylines as he is settled in the role after reaching his milestone birthday. Sam explained: "I think it’s great to give the teenagers these storyline as it gives us a chance to film something different and show the younger people in the village. "From the day I started everyone was so supportive and kind. "Being in the Dingle family meant growing up with characters like Lisa, Zak, and Sam who are as great off-screen as they are on screen. "With the Dingle family growing ever bigger, it gives me the chance to film with other great characters like Lydia, Vinny and Mandy." "As my character gets older, it gives me the opportunity to be in bigger storylines and the chance to develop Samson’s character, he added. Sam explained: " I love being a Dingle, I couldn’t ask for anything better. "It’s great every time I get to film with the family. In fact after filming with them for so many years, it doesn’t feel like work at all," he told Metro.co.uk. It seems the beloved character still goes down a storm with viewers on Twitter as they are always reacting to his storylines. Most recently, Jamie was Crazy wrote on the social media platform: "Samson is brilliant. Incredibly Yorkshire #Emmerdale." "I love Samson - please #Emmerdale do not f**K with his character," Doreen posted. Pam added: "Samson Dingle is a good lad. Wish the other teenagers would take a leaf out of his book #Emmerdale." Whilst Zombie 404 commented: "Samson’s the most sane teen in the village #Emmerdale." Chris shared: "#Emmerdale Omg the only decent teen left in the village. How long until they totally ruin Samson." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.