Former Liverpool defender Jose Enrique has identified three areas where the Reds could strengthen this summer once they finalise the signing of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. One of the areas where the Spaniard has suggested is at right-back, and Liverpool are getting closer to sealing a deal for young Aberdeen full-back Calvin Ramsay. Enrique was asked on Twitter which three players Liverpool should move on after selling Sadio Mane, and the three players that should be signed in addition to Nunez. He wrote: “For me [Alex Oxlade-] Chamberlain, [Takumi] Minamino and Rhys Williams. And players that we should bring is a ride side left foot winger back up, number 8 to fight for starting role and a right back.” Liverpool do seem to agree with Enrique on one of those positions, as Fabrizio Romano claims that the Reds and Ramsay are set to agree personal terms and the 18-year-old is keen to move to Merseyside. Aberdeen are holding out for around £8.5million including add-ons though, whereas Liverpool are believed to have offered £6m. In response to one comment that Liverpool also need another holding midfielder, Enrique replied: “Yes I just seeing a comment about Henderson been good there as well and even Thiago played many many games for Bayer in that position. But we could sign someone that is a box to box player really or a proper number 8 that can make numbers up.” Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been linked with a move away from Anfield this summer, with Liverpool reportedly ready to part ways with the 28-year-old midfielder that made just nine Premier League starts last season. Steven Gerrard’s Aston Villa and West Ham have been linked with the former England international. Japan star Minamino made just the one league start, away to Southampton, and Enrique claimed that the 27-year-old “can’t play with our front five” and believes that Liverpool “need a proper left foot right winger”. When suggested that Jarrod Bowen, Jude Bellingham and Ramsay could fit Enrique’s description, the Spaniard said: “Bowen is left foot mate” and added a winking emoji. If Liverpool agree with their former full-back, they could be set to have a huge summer after potentially breaking their transfer record to sign Nunez from Benfica. The Reds are reportedly in pole position for the Uruguayan despite Manchester United also being linked with the 22-year-old. He may eclipse Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool’s record transfer, despite the initial outlay for the striker likely to be around £60million. Nunez is set to replace Mane at Anfield, with the Senegalese star set to move to Bayern Munich this summer. Liverpool reportedly expect the German giant to meet their valuation of over £40m for Mane as the forward has just a year left on his contract at the club.