Those who are in receipt of the payment who live in Scotland can also claim Carer’s Allowance Supplement. While Carer’s Allowance is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), the supplementary payment is managed by the Scottish Government’s social security body. Carer’s Allowance Supplement is paid twice a year to existing recipients of Carer’s Allowance in Scotland. Each payment of the Social Security Scotland’s benefit payment comes to £245.70 for each new instalment. Overall, the two payments of Carer’s Allowance Supplement combined add up to £491.40. Recently, unpaid carers in the country received their first payment for the year on June 10, 2022. However, only those who have claimed Carer’s Allowance as of April 11, 2022 will have got this extra money on this date. READ MORE: Inheritance warning as Britons shell out £100,000 unnecessarily  According to Social Security Scotland, the next instalment of Carer’s Allowance Supplement will be paid sometime in December 2022. Those who receive the DWP’s Carer’s Allowance from October 10, 2022 will be able to get this extra payment around this time. It should be noted that Carer’s Allowance Supplement claimants are being told that some payments may take slightly longer than usual to be received. If someone has not received a letter or payment by Friday June 17, 2022, they must reach out to Social Security Scotland. The easiest way to do this is by calling the Government department’s phone line at 0800 182 2222. In order to get this payment, applicants must already be in receipt of Carer’s Allowance from the DWP. Some people may be eligible for Carer’s Allowance Supplement even if they live outside of Scotland. However, they must prove they have a real and sufficient link to the country despite living outside the UK in either Switzerland, Gibraltar or the European Economic Area. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how widow who 'can't afford to eat' can get by As part of the application process, future claimants will need to show proof of residency and other important documents to get the benefit payment. Once the application is sent, Social Security Scotland will contact the applicant to inform them of their decision. Shirley-Anne Somerville, the Scottish Government’s Cabinet Secretary for Social Security, discussed why extra money for unpaid carers is an essential service upon Carer’s Allowance Supplement’s launch. Ms Somerville said: “Making these payments will represent a historic moment, launching a new public service that will deliver a social security system that treats people with dignity, fairness and respect. “We recognise the important contribution carers make, and we believe the current total paid out to them is not enough. “This supplementary payment allows us to get more money in the pockets of carers in Scotland as quickly as possible. “We have always made it clear we believe that Carer’s Allowance should be the same rate as Jobseeker’s Allowance. “Having new powers over social security means we can make this a reality and this additional payment is in recognition of the important contribution carers make to society.”