Last month, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss proposed a new bill which would help to reform aspects of the Northern Ireland protocol. The special Brexit deal was initially agreed between Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Government and the European Union, in 2019. But ever since a row has erupted over the impacts it’s created for trade between Belfast and Great Britain. When Ms Truss introduced the law to MPs she insisted that it would not scrap the deal altogether, and would instead make limited changes. At the time she did not go into excessive detail about what these alterations would include, but the Government is expected to put the wheels in motion for the deal this Monday (June 13). So, ahead of the plans being brought forward, what do we know about the Brexit bill? One of the changes that it will make is the introduction of a so-called fast-track trade “green lane”, for goods going from Great Britain to Northern Ireland, according to Politico.  READ MORE: Boris considers sacking 20 frontbench Tories in punishment for plot The measure will be supported by commercial data and a trusted trader scheme - a dual regulation regime - that allows firms in Belfast to choose between sticking to either EU or UK standards for goods. Britain will allow both for sale in Great Britain, which will mean simpler trade on goods operating within the relevant rules. However, these “green lanes” will not apply to the EU’s single market. Another change will see British VAT, excise and state aid rules applying in Northern Ireland, instead of the current EU regulations. There will also be no role for the European Court of Justice in international dispute arbitration, and safeguards for the EU single market, including fines for businesses that fail to stick to the rules.  The proposals were signed off by the PM and his Cabinet during a meeting, held on Wednesday. Ms Truss has insisted that the new legislation will not breach international law. However, the bloc’s chief negotiator on Brexit, Maros Sefcovic, has warned the EU would "need to respond with all measures at its disposal" if the UK went ahead with the legislation. The Foreign Secretary has also said it still remains the UK's preference for a negotiated solution with the EU.  DON'T MISS: We compared breakfasts from Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Waitrose [INSIGHT]Royal Family: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry [NEWS] Furious Dr Shola erupts after Prince Louis 'smacks Kate' [WATCH] The proposals were signed off by the PM and his Cabinet during a meeting, held on Wednesday. Ms Truss has insisted that the new legislation will not breach international law. However, the bloc’s chief negotiator on Brexit, Maros Sefcovic, has warned the EU would "need to respond with all measures at its disposal" if the UK went ahead with the legislation. The Foreign Secretary has also said it still remains the UK's preference for a negotiated solution with the EU.  To make matters more complicated for the Government, Sinn Fein is not in full support of the current protocol being changed. Its stance could weaken the Government’s hand at the negotiating table with the EU, with regards to any future talks. 