The Queen’s eldest granddaughter Zara Tindall and her rugby-playing husband Mike appeared at Royal Ascot today. Today was the first day of Royal Ascot, with royals such as Prince Charles and Camilla, Sophie Wessex and Princess Beatrice also in attendance. Royal Family fans have spotted a style trick that Mike always does to match his wife Zara's outfits.  Mike gave his social media followers something to laugh about over the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations when he posed repeatedly wearing his wife's eccentric hats. The photos gave royal fans a peek behind the curtain into the banter within the Royal Family, or at least the Tindall household. This earned Mike the title of the family's joker, especially since Prince Harry stepped down as a working royal. Now with Royal Ascot underway, fans have also noticed a sweet and thoughtful side to Mike. They have pointed out that he matches his ties to whatever his wife is wearing. After pictures were released of the royal couple at Ascot, one fan @MRH629 said on Twitter: "I love that they are always colour coordinated. “His ties always match her outfits." Another user @bizarrolady wrote: "Perfectly coordinated.   “Go on, swap hats." Twitter account @TesourasTiaras added: “The matchy-matchy continues.” Royal fan @mrgnandmarathon loved their style, commenting: “Mike and Zara knocking it out of the park again! “They look amazing today!” In the photos, Mike can be seen wearing his own hat, as well as a grey tie.  This tie was colour-coordinated with Zara's grey and white dress. Today, Zara wore an Anna Mason ‘Dahlia’ dress with her Emmy ‘Rebecca’ pumps. She paired these with her Anya Hindmarch ‘Maud’ clutch. Zara also wore her Illesteva sunglasses and a bespoke Sarah Cant hat.  During the Queen's Jubilee celebrations, there were photos of Mike wearing a blue tie, which also matched Zara's black and blue dress. Prince Charles and Camilla led the Royal Family on the first day of the Ascot racecourse. The Queen was sadly not in attendance. She also missed several celebrations during her Platinum Jubilee weekend due to ongoing mobility issues. 