The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been increasingly tipped to be planning a relocation to Windsor with their three children as soon as this summer. As speculation surrounding Kate and William's next home grows stronger, royal commentator Andrew Morton questioned what would be the Cambridges' need to leave London. The author of the newly-released biography The Queen told Express.co.uk: "I don't quite understand why they would move to Windsor when Kensington Palace has just been re-done for them. "What are they going to do with Kensington Palace? It doesn't make sense to me. "They are already secure inside Kensington Palace, why do they have to use Adelaide Cottage which was, after all, used by members of the households." Apartment 1A, located inside the Kensington Palace compound and chosen as their main residence by the Cambridges following their wedding in 2011, was renewed over the course of almost two years at a cost of £4.5million for taxpayers. The most important works done at the palace included the removal of asbestos, a new roof, new heating and electrics. Kate and Prince William paid privately for other renovations, including a second family kitchen to supplement the working kitchen that is used for official events. While they moved into the four-storey apartment in 2013, it became the Cambridges' main home only in 2017, after Prince William quit his job as an air ambulance pilot based in Norfolk to become a full-time working royal. According to a report by The Sunday Times, Kate and William's rumoured - and not confirmed by the Palace - move from London to Windsor is happening this summer, in time for Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis to begin the next school year in Berkshire. READ MORE: Prince William could be set for huge promotion TOMORROW The report claimed Kensington Palace will remain the Cambridges' family home in London as well as their private and press office. Kate and William will also retain their residence in Norfolk, Anmer Hall, gifted to them by the Queen. This house on the grounds of Her Majesty's Sandringham estate is set to become of increasing prominence, with a source claiming the Cambridges are planning to make Anmer Hall their permanent base "after the school years". Another source also told the Sunday publication Kate, William and their children are "quite confined in what they can do in London". They claimed: "The kids can’t go into the park and kick a football with friends. "Their plan is to be there for the next ten to 15 years and then move to Anmer, which is so special to them." Mr Morton, who discussed Kate and William's move to Windsor before the publication of the Times' claims, noted the house the Cambridges have reportedly chosen counts, among its former residents, Princess Margaret's lover, Group Captain Peter Townsend. Adelaide Cottage is a 19th-century four-bedroom residence on the grounds of Windsor Castle. It was built for Queen Adelaide, the wife of King William IV, and refurbished in 2015, which means it won't require renovations or additional taxpayer-funded interventions to make it secure and apt for the Cambridges. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's children are currently attending schools in London. Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, seven, have both been enrolled over the past few years at Thomas's Battersea School. Prince Louis, who turned four in April, started attending the Willcocks Nursery School in spring last year. In April it was claimed the third-in-line to the throne had had a trial day at a school close to Windsor which had already been visited by the Duke and Duchess several times. The Daily Mail reported at the time the trial was successful and other pupils did not understand George's status or recognise the boy, to the amusement and relief of teachers.