The bank’s customers are being urged to “hang up” the phone on scammers who are pretending to be energy companies or Government bodies offering discounts on bills. This latest intervention from Barclays comes as households are experiencing an annual energy bill hike of £693 due to the price cap rising. Recently, the head of industry regulator Ofgem shared his concerns that the energy price cap could reach as high as £2,800 by the end of the year. With energy bills continuing to increase, fraudsters are finding more opportunities to carry out scams on vulnerable groups who are in need of support. Barclays shared how many scammers pretend to be organisations and Government bodies to take advantage of innocent victims during the cost of living crisis. On its website, the bank stated: “They might pretend to represent local councils offering financial support, energy companies, or retailers offering too-good-to-be-true discounts, or direct you to fake loan websites or offers. “The Government has recently announced a range of measures to help families with the rising cost of living.  READ MORE: Couple in shock as they realise they've spent £2,000 on just one trip to museum  “If someone calls you pretending to be from the council and asks for your bank details so they can give you a refund, hang up. “If they text or email you, don't click on any links. Councils will never call or email asking for your bank details.” Specifically, the financial institution highlighted the various energy discount schemes which have been introduced to mitigate the damage being done by soaring costs. Recently, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed a wave of new support for those who are struggling to pay off their energy bills. As part of this new package, every household in the country will get a £400 discount off their energy bills from October. Unlike the previously announced energy bill £200 rebate, this payment will be a non-repayable grant. However, families will not get the £400 sent to their bank or building society account all at once. Since the announcement, the Government has clarified it will be given to households within the span of six months from October 2022 to March 2023. On top of this, support during certain times of the year is available through schemes such as the Warm Home Discount. Eligible households are able to get £140 off their gas and electricity bills between October and March through this discount. This support is available to those who are on low income or who are in receipt of the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit. Those who are interested in getting this discount should contact their energy supplier to check their eligibility. However, the bank noted that the risk of fraudsters pretending to be energy companies for scams is on the rise. Barclays added: “The rising cost of energy is also leading to scammers contacting consumers about energy price offers and refunds. “If someone gets in touch about an offer for a great energy price deal or a refund, don't click on any links or give them any personal information over the phone. “Genuine companies will understand if you want to look into the offer, or call back on a number you can find on their website.”