Britney Spears, 40, tied the knot with her husband Sam Asghari, 20, on June 9 in a wedding ceremony at their secluded Thousand Oaks home in Los Angeles. The Womanizer hitmaker's mum has since taken to social media and congratulated the superstar on her nuptials. Taking to the pop star's Instagram account, Lynne commented under one of Britney's posts. "You look radiant and so happy!" the 67-year-old remarked on Friday, underneath a post that featured four photos from last week's stunning ceremony at Britney's home in Thousand Oaks, California. "Your wedding is the 'Dream' wedding! And having it at your home makes it so sentimental and special! I am soooo happy for you! I love you!" she stated. Britney had left her mum as well as her father Jamie Spears, 69, off the guest list. READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on an eye-popping display in VERY tiny bikini Instead, the superstar invited a number of her A-list pals to the wedding ceremony which included stars like Madonna, Paris Hilton, Selena Gomez and Drew Barrymore. The singer’s younger sister, Jamie Lynn Spears, 31, was also not invited to the lavish ceremony, following their fallout over Jamie's involvement in Britney's conservatorship. Britney has been sharing a number of photos of her big day on social media over the weekend. Lynne's congratulatory comment comes after the mother and daughter relationship was strained, following the singer's nearly-14-year-long conservatorship, which was finally terminated in November 2021.  The legal guardianship was terminated by a judge last November allowing the singer to finally marry her long-term partner Sam. "I want to be able to get married and have a baby," she said during a conservatorship hearing last year. Jamie was placed in charge of Britney's personal and medical decisions, and controlled her multimillion-dollar estate for 13 years. Though Lynne did not have a formal role in the conservatorship, Britney has frequently lashed out at her mum on social media. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway left 'fretful' as husband Derek 'in and out of hospital'[LATEST]Dan Walker's daughter taken to A&E as he laments at 'four hour wait'[TWITTER]Donny Osmond's wife rushed to singer's aid after 'terrible bout'[EXCLUSIVE] Lynne expressed publicly in a statement published in July 2021 that she fully supported her daughter's bid to remove Jamie as a conservator. Meanwhile, Britney first got engaged when Sam proposed with a classic 4-carat diamond ring. In April, the couple let fans know they were expanding their family, announcing that Britney was pregnant. But one month later, the pair shared the sad news that Britney had had a miscarriage, writing on Instagram: “Our love for each other is our strength. We will continue trying to expand our beautiful family…” The bride wore a sleek, off-the-shoulder custom Versace dress with a leg-revealing slit up one side and a classic white veil with satin edging. Sam complemented Britney’s look in a tux by Versace. The ten-minute ceremony took place under a tent draped in velvet blush. The couple didn’t have a first dance, but Selena Gomez, Madonna, and the bride danced together to Toxic, according to reports. 