Channel 5's Jeremy Vine is currently bedridden with Covid. In a video he posted on Twitter, the host described his symptoms. He said: "Sore throat, headache [coughs]. Aches and pains." The presenter continued: "I am in bed with it. It being Covid. Years ago I would have come to work with this. If you can walk you can work. "But obviously that's not possible now." Referring to the presenters he works with on the Jeremy Vine show, he said "100 percent of our presenters have got it. That means there must be a lot of it about". He criticised the Government for not adequately communicating the public health message. READ MORE: Long Covid symptoms: The commonly reported dermatological symptom - NHS advice "Why isn't the Government mentioning it? Why isn't it urging anyone vulnerable to stay indoors?" Displaying his positive lateral flow test to camera, he said: "That's a big red line there. "There is a lot of it about now." He continued: "Shouldn't they [the Government] be saying 'lock up your daughters' or 'tie your mother down' or 'just stay in if you're vulnerable'. DON'T MISSLongevity: The vitamin that can slash your risk of death by 57% [TIPS]Diabetes: The golden drink that lowers blood sugar [ADVICE]Diabetes symptoms: The telltale sign around the eyes [INSIGHT] "We've not heard a peep. I'm guessing they're too busy." Vine's comments come after as many as 1.7m people in the UK recorded a Covid infection in the last week. Covid has passed the 250,000-a-day mark in the UK, rising by 130 percent in only three weeks. There are currently Over 265,000 estimated cases in the UK, according to the latest figures on the ZOE Covid Study app. READ MORE: 'Cured me': Hay fever sufferers say £4 tablets cure symptoms 'instantly' - where to buy Scientists are attributing the current rise to the new Omicron sub-variants BA.4 and BA.5. These are more transmissible than the previous dominant Omicron sub-variant, BA.2 – although it is unclear whether that is because they are fundamentally more infectious or better at evading immunity from vaccination and prior infection – or both. Waning immunity and the increasing return to relative normality are also creating a perfect storm, experts suggest. Coronavirus (COVID-19) tests are no longer free for most people. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest Some people can still get free COVID-19 rapid lateral flow tests from the NHS. PCR tests (tests that go to a lab) are less likely to be used. You can get tests if: You can order free NHS tests yourself, if you have not received any tests yet or have used the tests you've been sent.