Andy Murray is feeling positive about his Wimbledon preparations after already exceeding his efforts from last year. The former world No 1 has been targeting grass-court success - even skipping the clay season - to focus on having a good run at his home Grand Slam this year and has shared some fighting talk with the tournament less than three weeks away. Murray is through to the second round of his second grass tournament of the season, having reached the semi-final of the Surbiton Challenger last week. The world No 68 recently underwent a training block with Ivan Lendl in Miami and has been preparing for Wimbledon for months, now sharing the confidence he already has on the grass. "I still think I can compete right at the highest level," the three-time Major champion told the ATP after starting his run in Stuttgart with a win over Christopher O'Connell.  "I have not shown that consistently over the past few years, but on one-off results, I have. I've beaten a lot of the top guys in the world since I came back, but not consistently.” And with a better build-up to Wimbledon this season compared to 12 months ago, the Brit was feeling good about his chances of producing huge wins. He continued: "I'm hoping now that with a period with no injuries and lots of tournaments, I'll get back to doing that soon." JUST IN: Zverev's brother gives fresh injury update with Wimbledon in doubt  The 35-year-old already has a grass tournament under his belt, and after Stuttgart will return home to play at the Queen’s Club before moving on to Wimbledon. "Last year I was barely practising in the build-up to Queen's, and when I was practising I was not moving [well],” he admitted. "I was not feeling good until about four days before Wimbledon, and then I actually felt fine. But my preparation was non-existent.” Despite his lack of practice ahead of his home Grand Slam tournament last year, Murray managed to beat 21st seed Nikoloz Basilashvili in his first match before downing Oscar Otte in five sets to reach the third round, where he lost to 10th seed Denis Shapovalov. DON'T MISSFederer set to get Alcaraz wish as Spaniard outlines his intentionsRafael Nadal's doctor explains 'rare' injury and comeback timelineCarlos Alcaraz withdraws from UK event with pre-Wimbledon injury  And with even better preparation this year, the two-time Wimbledon champion will be hoping he can at least make it to the second week when the tournament begins in 18 days. "This year I practised for three weeks on the grass, didn't really have any physical issues that were stopping me in my preparation,” he said. “I got a lot of matches last week, and hopefully some more in the next couple of weeks in the build-up to Wimbledon." 