Ms Kirkwood said: "That's what it's like in Blackpool at the moment, but it's not like that everywhere Charlie. "And today in fact some of us like Blackpool are starting off on a sunny note, but others in the West have got a bit more cloud around. "And we've also got some rain pushing in from the southwest, now this rain isn't going to be particularly heavy. "So you can see around Blackpool and central and Eastern parts of South-East England we're starting with some sunshine. JUST IN: 'Very missed' Family of captured British soldier in Ukraine release emotional statement  Ms Kirkwood added: "As we are across the far North of Scotland, but the cloud will build in from the West through the course of the day. "As this weather front comes in bringing some light rain with it, temperature-wise we're looking at 12C to 21C North to South. "And the other thing that's going to happen later is the wind, it's going to strengthen towards the West and also the English Channel Coastline. "Now pollen levels across the South-East today are going to be high, or very high. READ MORE: Boris 'out of ideas' as PM plans to reset leadership with housing pledge     Ms Kirkwood said: "And as we go through the evening and overnight, well you can see that our cloud pushes across the country. "Our weather front moves Northwards taking its rain with it. "There will be some showers left behind and murky conditions in the South coming from the cloud we can also see some drizzle. "Temperature-wise though we're looking at about 10C to 14C overnight, and the wind is going to continue to strengthen particularly across the far North-West. DON'T MISS: UK storm forecast: Britons face fierce 50MPH gusts and thunder [REPORT] UK weather: Floods, thunder, gales on the way [INSIGHT] BBC Weather:Sunshine and thundery showers sweep across the UK as Tropi [ANALYSIS]  Ms Kirkwood added: "So tomorrow we've got the dregs of the front, which could well clear but it might well come back. "In towards parts of Kent for example and also Sussex, but for many, it's going to be a dry day, it's going to be a blustery day as well. "There will be some showers merging in the North-West they could be heavy at times with some thunder thrown in. "And still windy conditions across the North-West, but the strongest winds will be across the Outer-Hebrides." 