There are a million reasons why neutrals around the globe will be pulling for Ukraine in Sunday's World Cup play-off against Wales but there’s one significant counterweight – Gareth Bale. The World Cup, however strangely distorted by its winter scheduling, remains the stage constructed for football’s prima ballerinas to perform on and it would be a crying shame if Bale never gets the chance to do so. At 32 and with his injury record, it would almost certainly be Bale’s last dance for Wales so it is a case of now or never. Bale has banked a conquistador’s hoard during his Real Madrid career with his £600,000-a-week wages, but while money can buy a World Cup it cannot buy a place at one. He and Wales will have to earn it today. As so many times in his 102 international appearances, Bale was the hero when Wales eliminated Austria in the play-off semi-final, scoring twice to guarantee their passage despite next to no football leading into it for his club. It takes a special talent to flick the ‘on’ switch at will as he seems to be able to. He is equally lightly run going into the Ukraine game, after not getting on the field in the Champions League final. Bale’s career at Real Madrid may have petered out and his name taken in vain by the Spanish media after the infamous ‘Wales, golf, Madrid’ photo, but taken in the round his time at the Bernabeu was incredibly productive. Nine years at the club brought 16 major trophies, including five Champions League winners’ medals. No player has more. Throw in the fact that he scored in two finals, once with an aerobatics display, and there are few, if any, British footballers who can claim to match his impact abroad.  It was thought leading Wales to the semi-finals of the 2016 Euros would stand as the achievement closest to Bale’s heart. But if he could go on to drag his country to the World Cup finals for the first time since 1958 there will be no more elated Welshman. The finals would be enriched by his presence but there are no guarantees for the greats from the smaller home nations. George Best, famously, never played in a World Cup, nor did Bale’s compatriot Ryan Giggs. The numbers game does not work in their favour. Northern Ireland have not made it to the showpiece for 40 years and even Scotland haven’t been at a finals since 1998. Best and Giggs’ exploits for Manchester United ensured their hall of fame status but their absence from a World Cup meant a part of their legacy remained unfulfilled. That is the position Bale finds himself in too. Decorated with an MBE this week in the Queen’s Birthday Honours for services to football and to charity – he donated seven-figure sums to hospitals in Wales and Spain during the pandemic – Bale is already a Welsh icon. There is an appeal to the thought that he might end up at his home-city club Cardiff next season if Wales qualify for the World Cup. It might merely be a vehicle to keep fit.  Can Wales do it? They have home advantage today against a nation that has much more important matters to think about, with its very existence under threat from Russian aggression. But that very fact lends Ukraine’s players a unity of purpose, which makes them extremely dangerous as Scotland found out in midweek. If Wales want to reach Qatar, they will have to overcome a uniquely driven force. Wales can want a World Cup place as much as they like – they will not want it more than Ukraine. Bale might not possess the pace of old but you could still hang his left boot and its associated works in an art gallery. So it is time for the magic man to dip into his box of tricks one more time for Wales – and make his own career complete as well. 