Sven Botman has been near the top of Newcastle’s transfer target list for a while. However, just as they looked to have secured the signature of the Dutchman, Arsenal have reportedly decided to weigh up a move for the central defender. Despite spending big in January on defenders, the Magpies do not appear content with their backline heading into next season. The arrivals of Matt Targett on loan - who has now signed permanently – Dan Burn and Kieran Tripper solved the defensive issues at St James’ Park in the short term, though Botman would be a long term investment. The 22-year-old has impressed at Lille this season and Eddie Howe’s side attempted to bring him in earlier this year but a deal never materialised. But according to La Repubblica, they are set to miss out on him as he has accepted a five-year deal with AC Milan. But they also report that Arsenal and Manchester United have recently held talks about Botman too, and it remains to be seen if either Premier League side act upon that. Newcastle will certainly feel aggrieved if the Netherlands under-21 does move to either side considering that Lille have reportedly accepted an offer from them but it is the player that has turned them down. Paolo Maldini of Milan is thought to be an important factor in Botman opting for the Serie A outfit rather than the Toon Army. Who the Magpies will turn their attention to remains to be seen, they previously were linked with England international James Tarkwoski, whose contract at Burnley has expired. However, he is reportedly set to be announced as Everton’s first signing of the window. Maxence Lacroix, of Wolfsburg, and Leipzig’s sought after star Josko Gvardiol have also been linked. Arsenal have been linked with more attacking targets rather than defenders of late. With Alexandre Lacazette now departing, Mikel Arteta now only has Eddie Nketiah as a proven centre forward. Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus has been heavily linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium. Italian striker Gianluca Scamacca has also been speculated, with La Gazzetta dello Sport reporting that they have already seen a bid rejected for the Sassuolo star.