According to the Met Office, parts of England and Wales are set to swelter in temperatures as high as 33C at the end of this week. While the hot weather is welcome news to sunbathers, for garden lawns, the heat could lead to brown patches and dried blades. While watering your lawn might seem like the obvious way to combat a heatwave, according to experts from Earth Development, gardeners could end up overdoing it. The experts explained: "Some people erroneously believe that the best way to maintain a lawn in extreme heat is to overwater. "Remember that turf grasses are better managed when they are dry as opposed to wet." Overwatering your lawn can result in soggy soil, even when the sun is high in the sky. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ According to the experts, consistently wet soil can lead to a number of problems. They said: "The roots in the grass will become oxygen-deprived and develop a higher risk of disease." An overwatered lawn can begin to show signs of distress, including yellowing or brown blades of grass, and soft squishy patches. You might also notice unwanted plants and fungi beginning to grow in certain conditions. DON'T MISSHow to stop grass turning yellow - 4 tips to keep lawn ‘nourished' [COMMENT]‘All-natural home remedies’ to ‘kill’ all houseplant pests [EXPLAINER]'Complete waste' How to repot a plant - avoid 1 key mistake [INSIGHT] According to the experts, consistently wet soil can lead to a number of problems. They said: "The roots in the grass will become oxygen-deprived and develop a higher risk of disease." An overwatered lawn can begin to show signs of distress, including yellowing or brown blades of grass, and soft squishy patches. You might also notice unwanted plants and fungi beginning to grow in certain conditions. Just as during any spell of dry weather, you should try to ensure your grass is getting enough water to survive. However, watering your lawn every single day is not necessary, even during extended periods of high temperatures. Earth Development's experts said: "Lawns only need about one inch of water per week – so don’t water your lawn daily. That one inch of water includes rainfall." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea According to the experts, the best time to water your lawn is before 10am. They said: "Early morning watering is also recommended as watering your lawn during hot parts of the day can add stress to your grass." Once the sun comes up, water will begin to evaporate, meaning your lawn gets less hydration.