Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's daughter Princess Beatrice stepped out at Royal Ascot on Tuesday where she revealed how she combines her official royal title with her married name after she tied the knot with her husband. And in a sweet tribute to Edoardo, Princess Beatrice wore a name badge which read "HRH Princess Beatrice Mrs Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi".  Guests in the Royal Enclosure at Royal Ascot are understood to choose what they want to be referred to as on their name badge. She also sported a fashionable clutch bag with the initials 'B.Y' emblazoned on it, referring to Beatrice York. The 33-year-old looked elegant in a floaty pink flowery number teamed with a raffia fascinator, atopped with pink flowers, during the first day of Royal Ascot. Princess Beatrice was in good spirits as she was seen kissing her uncle Prince Charles on the cheek as she arrived at Royal Ascot. She was also seen chatting to her cousin Zara Tindall during the race day. Beatrice and her Italian husband, who during the first day of the racing meeting walked through the gates, were today seen in the third carriage of the royal procession.   READ MORE: Princess Beatrice carries out visit with close link to Edoardo The pair waved and smiled to crowds gathered at the racecourse. The princess looked smart in a cream high neck dress with a pleated skirt and a black and cream Trilby hat. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall once again lad the carriage possession at Royal Ascot and will be followed by the Earl and Countess of Wessex. There was no sign of the Queen, who has missed out on the racing event for a second day in a row due to ongoing mobility issues.   DON'T MISSPrincess Beatrice shows up for Queen TODAY [PICTURES]Princess Beatrice promoted to Ascot's royal procession [INSIGHT]Eugenie and Beatrice 'stuck to their seats' to prevent Harry photo-op [INFO] Her appearance comes just days after Prince Andrew was forced out of sight at the Garter Day ceremony after Prince William and Prince Charles are understood to have lobbied the Queen. Meanwhile, Prince Andrew has been pushing for his daughters to be made working royals, according to The Daily Telegraph. Eugenie and Beatrice hold a full HRH style and title as grandchildren of the sovereign.  Beatrice is currently 10th-in-line to the throne, while her younger sister is 12th-in-line. Despite their position of relevance in the family, they aren't full-time working royals and have careers of their own. Beatrice, who welcomed her first child Sienna last September, works for US software company Afiniti.  She co-founded Big Change in 2012 which works supports young people. Meanwhile Eugenie, who gave birth to her son August in February 2021, has a job at the Hauser & Wirth art gallery. The sisters also carry out charity work and are patrons of a number of organisations.