The Duchess visited Evelina London Children’s Hospital, part of Guy’s and St Thomas’ NHS Trust, of which Kate has been a royal patron since 2018. In a message penned on the hospital’s social media account, they thanked the Duchess of Cambridge “for thinking of us” as the country celebrates the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. In a message penned on the hospital’s social media account, they thanked the Duchess of Cambridge “for thinking of us” as the country celebrates the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Kate spent time speaking with patients, staff and family members in the hospital as the Jubilee celebrations got fully underway in the capital. The hospital tweeted: “We received a very special surprise last night! “Our Patron, HRH The Duchess of Cambridge, dropped in for a private visit to meet our patients, families and staff unable to join in the celebrations this weekend. “Luckily the hospital was already decked with Platinum Jubilee decorations made by some of the children and young people we are caring for. “Thank you YRH for thinking of us.” On Saturday, the Duchess of Cambridge, 40, along with Prince William, 39, made the trip to Wales to lend a hand with preparations for a Jubilee concert at Cardiff Castle this afternoon. The royal couple brought two of their children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, for the stopover in the Welsh capital. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'surprised' by William's 'frosty' reaction It was the two young Cambridges’ first official trip to Wales. The Duke and Duchess arrived for concert rehearsals for the performance on Saturday evening staged at the castle, featuring Bonnie Tyler and John Owen-Jones, among a host of others. They met with the cast and crew ahead of the live event, with young Charlotte and George shyly meeting those involved in the performance’s preparation. It is not known whether Kate will join Prince William for the Platinum Party at the Palace, kicking off on Saturday evening following the Cardiff event. DON'T MISS: Jubilee LIVE: Harry and Meghan face 'big test' with royals TONIGHT [LIVE] POLL: Would you like to see more of Meghan and Harry after Jubilee? [VOTE] Fury at Harry and Meghan for keeping their children away [REACTION] Prince William is expected to pay tribute to the Queen in a segment of the show shared with Prince Charles. The Queen, 96, is not expected to attend the event after cancelling appearances at St Paul's on Friday and the Epsom Derby on Saturday. Her daughter, Princess Anne, represented the monarch at the latter. This comes after the Queen experienced "discomfort" during her appearance at Thursday's Trooping the Colour parade, marking her official birthday. The Queen's granddaughter, Zara Tindall, said the Royal Family members attending Epsom would have loved to have the monarch there with them. She said: "She will be watching on the TV - she has a few runners today dotted around the country, so she knows exactly what's going on." She added: "She'll just be sat on the sofa watching the TV. She'll be in her comfy clothes."