Fences are often placed on the boundary between two properties and are one of the most common causes of neighbourly disputes, and this case is no exception.  According to Birmingham Live, the woman took to Mumsnet to air her grievances, fuming: "Am I being unreasonable to be annoyed my neighbour has painted their side of their fence... ... without telling me?"   The poster added: "My side looks awful now. If they had told me they were doing it, I would have arranged to get my side done too. "It is a totally different colour and the top and sides are the new colour, as are all the drips on my side. They did this a few years ago as well but it was the same colour and I still had to promptly paint my side because it looked so bad with the drips.  "I probably said nothing at the time. I will need to get my side painted the same (neighbour's choice of colour again)- I don't know whose fence it is, if anyone's, it was here before we both moved here, but it maybe is theirs. "Just annoyed because I think we usually have a good neighbourly relationship. I have a family party planned at the weekend and have been getting the garden looking presentable and it now looks, well, shoddy and horrible." "How awful they didn’t consult you first to marry up dates," a fellow Mumsnet user agreed. But Blue responded by saying: "It’s a bit of an overreaction op. Is it just one fence panel or an entire side of the garden? "Could you ask to have the paint colour and paint your side?" Girlmom said: "Why don't you just find out who owns the fence? Why do you have to paint it the same colour?"   If you’re looking to paint an existing fence, check out our full guide on your rights - you should first establish which side of the fencing you are responsible for. You will find this information in the title plans for your property. If the plans mark a ‘T’ mark on just one side of the boundary, it indicates that you are responsible for that side of the fence. When the ‘T’ appears on both sides, responsibility for the fencing should be shared between neighbours. If you do not own the fence, or it is jointly owned, you must consult your neighbour first - even if you do own it, it's just neighbourly to let them know! 