After two years, the British Soap Awards will be returning to a live event this evening (June 11). The star-studded ceremony will see the great and the good from soap land attending as the gongs are handed out. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on this year’s awards including the nominees and how can catch the event. The British Soap Awards 2022 will be taking place tonight at 6pm at the Hackney Empire in London but the broadcast won’t be until a few hours later. Officially, the awards will start being handed at 7.30pm but it appears there will be a 30 minute delay between the show starting and airing on TV. ITV will be airing the ceremony live from 8pm with viewers able to watch the show on television with the programme ending around 10pm. You can also watch the show live on the ITV Hub but you will need a login and account which is completely free. READ MORE: Where is Emmerdale's Katie Sugden star now? /latest/ Alternatively, if you miss the live broadcast, you can watch on catch up via the ITV Hub. Tickets are on sale for soap fans to purchase if they want to attend in person and sit in the audience. Fans can buy up to four tickets per booking with prices ranging from £19.50 to £39.50, and the event has an age guidance of 16 years and over. The official site states there will be a strict no-latecomers or re-admittance policy. People should check the site for the full terms and conditions. This year’s awards will be handed out to performances and shows for their work over the past 12 months. Soaps EastEnders, Emmerdale, Coronation Street, Hollyoaks, and Doctors will be battling it out for the prizes. There is a total of 14 awards which have been voted for by either a judging panel or the public. Viewers were able to vote on the following categories: Best British Soap, Best leading performer, and Best family. The public vote was opened back in May this year with soap fans encouraged to choose their favourites and voting has now closed. There’s going to be some fierce competition in the Villain of the Year category with the panel having to choose between Maximus Evans as Corey Brent in Coronation Street; Laura White as Dr Princess Buchanan in Doctors; Toby-Alexander Smith as Gray Atkins in EastEnders; Paige Sandhu as Meena Jutla in Emmerdale; and Rhiannon Clements as Summer Ranger in Hollyoaks. While fighting to bag the Scene of the Year award will be Johnny’s Death in Coronation Street, the Mad Hatters Tea Party in Doctors, Hall of Mirrors in EastEnders, the Bridge Collapse in Emmerdale, and Misbah Didn’t Consent in Hollyoaks. Among the other panel-voted categories are Best Dramatic Performance, Best Comedy Performance, Best Young Performer, Best On-Screen Partnership, Best Newcomer, Best Storyline, and Best Single Episode. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen lands new project [UPDATE]Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Charity Dingle devastated as Noah killed off-screen [ANALYSIS] The last awards held in 2019 saw Hollyoaks walk away with the Best Soap Gong, while the soap’s Gregory Finnegan was crowned Best Actor and Emmerdale’s Lucy Pargeter took home the Best Actress accolade. Awards host and This Morning presenter Phillip Schofield recently shared a snap of himself on Instagram promoting the ceremony. He wrote underneath: "The @britishsoapawards are on Saturday evening on @itv .. back after 2 years!" Fans can expect to see their favourite soap stars taking to the red carpet this evening. The British Soap Awards 2022 airs on ITV tonight at 8pm