Liverpool could allow Mohamed Salah to leave the club for £60million this summer after he reportedly demanded £160,000 a week more than Virgil van Dijk to sign a new contract. Salah has enjoyed a sensational career at Anfield but has just one more year remaining on his current deal and has refused to put pen to paper on a new one. The Reds shelled out just £34m to prise Salah away from Roma in 2017. And following a fecund maiden campaign on Merseyside in which the Egypt international bagged an incredible 44 goals and 16 assists in all competitions, he was handed a new contract with improved terms. Salah has gone on to develop into one of the best players in the world under Jurgen Klopp and has helped his side win the Champions League, the Club World Cup and the Premier League during his time at Anfield. And he has won the top-flight Golden Boot on three occasions. But Salah’s time at Liverpool could be coming to an end as club and player have reached an impasse in contract negotiations. And, according to The Sun, Liverpool’s owners FSG will weigh up a shock sale if they get an offer in the region of £60m. READ MORE: Man Utd wonderkid 'has offers from England' as Erik ten Hag faces call   Salah earns just shy of the £240k-a-week Van Dijk pockets - but is now said to be demanding weekly wages of £400k, despite previously claiming he doesn’t want “crazy” money to stay at Anfield. Reds chiefs are adamant that they won’t break their pay structure to keep him at the club, however. Liverpool’s latest stance is likely to pique the interest of a whole host of clubs, with Real Madrid said to be monitoring his situation. Salah has history with the Spanish giants after losing twice in the Champions League final against them. But Real could swoop in with a huge offer to the 30-year-old after missing out on Kylian Mbappe this summer. DON'T MISS: Chelsea eyeing Man Utd transfer hijack as Blues ‘hold Antony meeting' (NEWS)What Frenkie de Jong has told his agent about Man Utd move (INSIGHT)Cristiano Ronaldo 'not going anywhere' as Bayern respond to links (TRANSERS)    An overseas move appears to be Salah’s most likely destination if his career at Anfield does come to an end as the Reds don’t want to sell him to a Premier League rival. So the ace could soon be plying his trade at the Bernabeu Stadium. Salah has played 254 games for Liverpool over the last five years and has racked up 156 goals and 63 assists. And the forward will go down as one of the Reds’ greatest ever players even if he does call time on his career in England in the coming weeks. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here 