July begins with some intense planetary shifts; Mars, the planet of courage and conviction is moving into patient and stubborn Taurus on July 5. This might slow down one's momentum, but it’s also showing the wisdom in waiting until the time is truly right. Mercury, the planet of communication and cleverness, is also set to glide into sensitive and protective Cancer on the same day. This month is a good time for life-changing moments. With so much going on, Express.co.uk spoke to Celebrity Psychic and Astrologer Inbaal Honigman, who revealed exactly what the month has in store for each star sign. Inbaal summarised: "This is a fantastic month for solid, focused progress. “The predominant signs we get to experience in July are the first few signs of the Zodiac - Aries, Taurus, Gemini and Cancer - which give us a powerful grounding, meaning we start things from the beginning. “Relationships will feel new, jobs will bring up opportunities for fresh starts, and even new friendships will begin. “The childlike, playful nature of the strong Aries and Gemini energies, coupled with the grown-up Capricorn full moon on July 13, will give us all a sense that we can connect to our inner child, and have fun, and still be safe, as our inner adult is staying connected, observing it all. “Crazy, active days out, followed by a good dinner and a full night's sleep.” READ MORE: What kind of King will Prince George be according to astrology? Inbaal said: “Strong start to the month, with two planets in your sign. “Generous, love-to-laugh planet Jupiter is in your sign all month, showing you the funny side of life, and how you can turn any negative into a positive. “You'll be magnetic, even more than usual, and your phone won't stop buzzing with messages. “For the first six days of the month, passionate Mars is in your sign as well - so make the most of the passionate energies for you that week.” The astrologer explained: “Not normally one for an argument, you prefer a calm life of harmony and peace. “Mars, which is the planet of war and passion, is in your sign from the 6th. If you have to fight for someone else's rights, you'll stand up for them without question. “Hopefully this visit by Mars is more about exciting adventures with a partner - on the road or between the sheets.” DON'T MISS...Food storage hack: How to keep celery crunchy for 4 weeks [GUIDE]Travel expert shares 6 ways to get a free flight upgrade [INSIDER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer makes £60k after simple layout change [VIDEO] “Doing two things at once is your entire thing - as a Gemini, your symbol is the Twins and your tendency is duality,” Inbaal revealed. “So this month starts perfect for you, with two planets in your sign. “Creative, talkative Mercury, which is your ruling planet, is in Gemini until July 6. And romantic, home loving Venus is in your sign until July 18. “So luck is on your side both socially and in love, at the start of the month at least.” “Happy Cancer Season!” The expert remarked. “Your birthday is never just about you. “As someone who loves to spoil others, and include everyone in your special celebrations, you'll share your day with those close to you, and even support a charity or help someone disadvantaged. “Between July 6 and July 20, communications planet Mercury helps you put together a new contract or agreement. “And from July 18 onwards, romantic times abound, courtesy of love planet Venus.” “The Sun, which is your own ruler, moves into Leo on the 23rd, so the final week of the month is brimming with potential for you,” Inbaal commented. “Work interviews, job opportunities, and even new start ups want to have you involved in their business ideas. “Right in the middle of all this swirling lava of excitement, the new moon in your sign on the 28th is a good moment for you to take stock, and decide which opportunity you want to grab. “The one you fancy, is the one you shall have.” READ MORE: Prince Harry horoscope: Duke ‘trying’ to reconnect with Royal Family “A real whirlwind month for you, Virgo,” she continued. “Mercury is your ruling planet, and it spends the month bouncing around three other signs, each of those signs blesses you with different gifts. “For the first six days of the month, it is in chatty Gemini, and you find yourself surrounded by social occasions. “For the final ten days of the month, it is in proud Leo, and you take the lead on work and family projects. “And in between, it is in warm cancer, so you put self-care at centre stage.” “Gentle and elegant, you tend to agree with most people and situations,” Inball said. “Like the other dual signs, Pisces and Gemini, you see things from both points of view at once. “This month, your ruling planet Venus starts out in Gemini, so your dual vision is in full force and you struggle to make decisions. “But from July 18 onwards, it is in the warm, watery sign of Cancer, and so you choose kindness every time, which is very you.” “It's nearly, nearly time to chill, Scorpio,” the astrologer added. “Your traditional ruling planet is Mars, which is linked with passion and war. “This month, Mars starts off in Aries, which means you'll feel motivated to keep active, stay outdoors and socialise. But from July 6 onwards, it moves to calm and mature Taurus, so you'll finally get a break. “You'll spend time at home, catch up with your family, and even look into redecorating.” “Your qualities of generosity, good-naturedness and hilarity come from your ruling planet Jupiter, a hearty and expansive player in the sky,” she said. “This month, Jupiter is in Aries, which is quite a bubbly, active sign, so you're feeling extra hyper, more enthusiastic, and quite confident to make some big strides forward. “Send the message! Fill the form! Throw that ball! Your confidence is peaking.” “The full moon in your sign comes but once a year, and what a fabulous opportunity you have on July 13, to take advantage of this annual event,” Inbaal explained. “Your ruling planet Saturn is going retrograde all month, so you're feeling kind of stressed anyway, what a perfect moment to decide to set your manifesting intentions for the year. “Wish on your Capricorn full moon - wish for love, wish for dollars, wish for world peace - and things will start going your way.” “Your ruling planet Saturn is in your own sign all month long, so you will feel quite confident, comfortable and 'at home' in general,” she added. “On July 2, you're receiving some positive attention from Mercury, a planet which controls messages and communication - a career-changing email is on the way. “And during the full moon on July 13, love planet Venus looks at you favourably. Good news on the romantic front.”  “There are not a lot of ups and downs for you this month, stability has set in, for better or worse,” Inbaal said. “Your ruling planet, dreamy Neptune is in your own sign of Pisces all month, so you feel very inspired to do unusual things - paint, compose, adopt an exotic animal. “Even your old ruling planet, generous Jupiter isn't up to much, chilling in powerful Aries all month - so you'll be feeling confident, which makes for a pleasant change."