Edward and Sophie took part in a rare magazine interview back in 2020. The couple appeared beaming in Bagshot House, their home. Many were surprised to learn Prince Edward will eventually inherit his late father Prince Philip's title, Duke of Edinburgh. It may have left some wondering about his children's titles, as they are entitled to Prince and Princess titles. All the male-born heirs of the Monarch are entitled to be called either His Royal Highness the Prince, or Her Royal Highness the Princess. However, Lady Louise and James Viscount Severn are not. This is something Sophie has addressed before in an interview for Good Housekeeping in 2020. READ MORE: 6 foolproof tricks to get rid of slugs in your garden organically She told the magazine: "We try to bring them up with the understanding they are very likely to have to work for a living. “Hence we made the decision not to use HRH titles. "They have them and can decide to use them from 18, but I think it’s highly unlikely.” She also used the interview to address bringing up royal children. DON'T MISSAldi: Big change to all stores in England & Wales from today [SUPERMARKETS] The FOUR tools you'll need to brave the heat in your bedroom [PROPERTY] Sophie Wessex 'quietly showed how she will step up in times of crisis' [EXPERT] "I guess not everyone’s grandparents live in a castle, but where you are going is not the important part, or who they are," she said. "When they are with the Queen, she is their grandmother." She also suggested she believes Lady Louise will go to university after her schooling. Sophie addressed spending lockdown with her family in her recent Telegraph interview. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Discussing any family rows, she said: "If things were kicking off inside, right from the year dot, I'd say: 'Right… outside!' "You come back in again and the mood is entirely different. "Louise would take herself off on her bike, and James is very self-motivated to get out, so actually, it was never a struggle." Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's home, where they raise their children, is one of the largest in the Royal Family. Fans were given a never before seen glimpse of the home as the couple spoke in an exclusive interview with The Telegraph Magazine. The same interview cause some controversy when Sophie made a comment about US talk show host Oprah Winfrey. The quote was taken from a paragraph in the Telegraph interview in which Sophie, Countess of Wessex was defending the Archbishop of Canterbury who reportedly had not known who Oprah Winfrey was at Prince Harry's wedding. Sophie said: "You know, if you’re not into chat shows, there’s no reason why you should know who [Oprah Winfrey] is. "Certainly not in this country, anyway."