Manchester United have begun formal talks with Watford over a surprise deal to sign Austria international goalkeeper Daniel Bachmann, according to reports. The Hornets shot-stopper, who battled it out with Ben Foster for the No 1 shirt at Vicarage Road last season, now looks in line for a shock move to Old Trafford where he could provide healthy competition for David de Gea for the 2022/23 campaign.  Despite weeks of extensive negotiations with Barcelona for midfield maestro Frenkie de Jong, Bachmann could well become the first signing of the new era under Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman is keen for the club to ramp up their recruitment drive and finding a replacement for Dean Henderson is one of their priorities ahead of his proposed loan move to Nottingham Forest. Fabrizio Romano confirmed the developments on his Twitter, writing: "Manchester United are in talks with Watford to sign Daniel Bachmann as 2/3 goalkeeper. Watford will only consider a permanent deal. "Bachmann, among options for Man United to replace Dean Henderson who’s one step away from joining Nottingham Forest as revealed last week." READ MORE: Man Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinations Bachmann hinted towards the end of May that a left-field summer switch to United could potentially be on the cards but still, it would be a signing that not many saw coming... He told Austrian newspaper Krone at the end of May: "There was contact, it wasn't out of thin air. "I don't know if the team boss [Rangnick] has a say in the transfers. Hey, it’s Manchester United, a huge honour if a club like that is interested in you." Despite his United departure, Ralf Rangnick's fingerprints are all over the deal following his appointment as manager of the Austria national team. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'rejected' by Christian Eriksen as Dane identifies two preferred destinationsMan Utd 'decide opening Antony offer' which falls short of Ajax transfer valuationWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn He is understood to have recommended the signing of Bachmann to United towards the end of his reign as interim boss before he briefly moved upstairs into a consultancy role. The 27-year-old is vastly experienced in English football having come through the ranks at Stoke City, where he spent six years in the early stages of his senior career. Bachmann enjoyed loan spells with Wrexham, Ross County and Bury before moving to Watford, who he helped fire to promotion in 2020/21, playing 23 matches in the Championship. He also started Watford's 3-2 opening-day victory over Aston Villa last season and played 12 times in the Premier League before the Hornets were relegated from the top flight for the second time in three seasons. Middlesbrough are thought to be interested in signing United's No 3 Tom Heaton, meaning there could be further movement between the sticks at Old Trafford. Lee Grant retired at the end of the season after fulfilling his 'boyhood dream' - despite never featuring for United's first team in four seasons with the club. There could be plenty of opportunities for Bachmann in next season's Europa League though if United are able to get a move over the line. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here