A filling station in Edinburgh offered drivers discounted prices on fuel and petrol amid the cost of living crisis. However, those who were looking to fill their car up were in for a nasty surprise as the whole car park descended into traffic chaos. Motorists in Scotland were “trapped in a Costco car park” after they flocked to the pumps in Loanhead, Edinburgh. According to EdinburghLive, huge queues were visible as drivers tried making their way in and out of the parking area. The filling station is very popular with Costco card holders as they receive discounted rates on petrol and diesel. The queues, however, have never been that long before. READ MORE: Driver road rages at elderly couple after they steal her parking space One witness described the scene as a “standstill”. The anonymous local shared a photograph of the chaos on Sunday, June 12 at around 1pm. Describing the incident they said: “So the whole car park is at a standstill as people are queuing for petrol and trying to get out. “People can't reverse out of their spaces as the queues are up every road. DON'T MISS Motorists will be 'pleasantly surprised' when using hypermiling tricks [INSIGHT] Drivers could save £140 on car insurance with proposed car tax method [REVEAL] Drivers ditching petrol and diesel as second-hand car sales spike [ADVICE] “There's a guy directing people to each petrol pump as there's so many cars. “There must be about 30 plus vehicles at the moment waiting and it's getting bigger and bigger with each passing minute.” It is understood that Costco staff were in attendance trying to direct cars in and out of the car park. The news comes as petrol and diesel prices hit record highs with motorists expected to pay 185.04p per litre of petrol and 190.92 per litre of diesel. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that both prices are still likely to rise. The cost of filling up an average 55-litre family car went above £100 for the first time ever last week. And, the crisis is not showing any signs of slowing down. Several motorists reported that they even spotted some filling stations asking for over £2 for a litre of fuel. The AA president, Edmund King, voiced his concerns about the current situation. He said: “This is the worst week of pump pain so far for drivers. “We would urge drivers at the moment to cut out shorter car journeys if they are able to do so and walk or cycle to save money. “Almost one-fifth of AA members are already doing this. But by changing your driving style you can also save up to 15 percent on fuel costs. “These crippling fuel costs are hitting home so drivers need to take all the steps they can to stay mobile.”