Andy Murray has publicly dismissed the notion of playing tennis in Saudi Arabia as the debate over 'sportswashing' continues to rage. Murray, 35, is currently preparing for his first round match at Wimbledon on Monday, when he'll face Australian player James Duckworth on Centre Court. The build-up to the tournament at SW19 has been anything but smooth, with players unable to play for ranking points after the ATP imposed sanctions on the All England Tennis Club. That followed organisers banning Russian and Belarusian players from the event amid the war in Ukraine. Three-time Grand Slam winner Murray was initially critical of the ban, blaming the UK Government for pressurising Wimbledon chiefs into the decision. However, he's also argued that the lack of ranking points will have little impact on the motivation from players. And in front of the media on Saturday, the Scot also addressed the issue of Saudi involvement in sport. The subject is currently dividing golf, with a number of star names having defected from the PGA Tour to join the lucratvie LIV Golf Invitational series. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic risks tennis fury with fresh Covid vaccine stance after US Open concerns Responding to the possibility tennis could face a similar crisis to the one ripping golf apart, Murray said: “They did. They put on an event in Saudi Arabia a few years ago, and I was offered to play there. I would say a lot of the top players and bigger names turned it down. And I, personally, wouldn't go and play there.” Murray's stance will be welcomed in many quarters, with Ryder Cup icons Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood having faced difficult questions in the build-up to the inaugural rebel event at The Centurion Club this month. F1 have also accepted big sums of money to stage Grand Prix races in Jeddah. DON'T MISS:Serena Williams outlines fierce Wimbledon motivation as painful memory lingers onRafael Nadal's admission could spell bad news for Novak Djokovic and co at WimbledonRafael Nadal lifts lid on biggest Roger Federer regret ahead of Wimbledon The issue has also been prevalent in football, following the takeover of Newcastle United in 2021. The deal saw the club threatened with possible extinction from the Premier League. Regardless of outside matters, Murray's immediate focus will be on his match with Duckworth, having won his race to be fit for the tournament. The Scot has been managing an abdominal injury which forced him to miss Queen's.