Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been urged to appoint David de Gea as the new club captain. Former Tottenham striker Darren Bent claims both Harry Maguire and Cristiano Ronaldo are not the right players to wear the armband at Old Trafford. One of Ten Hag's major decisions this summer will be to decide whether Maguire continues in his role as skipper. The England defender had a poor season for his club but remained a regular under Ralf Rangnick when he was fit. Ronaldo has been backed by some to take over the captaincy. The Portugal international has spoken publicly since his return to the club last summer about the mentality and attitude of the squad not being right. However, Bent does not think Ronaldo has shown the right type of leadership to get all his team-mates on side. He instead thinks goalkeeper De Gea, who recently was voted United's Players' Player of the Year, is the best candidate for the role. READ MORE: Leeds set two conditions for Raphinha transfer with Barcelona in 'advanced talks'  Bent said on talkSPORT: “I think that David De Gea should be the captain. My only thing with Ronaldo is, we know he’s a leader, but he tried to lead this season and not many of the players followed him. "Some of them went the other way. None of them improved, none of them wanted to follow the example that he set and we know that he’s one of the greats, but there were times when people didn’t pass the ball to him and he’d turn his back on them and throw his arms up in the air. “That’s not a captain. He was a captain this season without having the armband, but for me David De Gea would be my captain.” DON'T MISS: Tottenham target Alessandro Bastoni's agent hints where client will play next season  Bent can see Maguire not being a major part of Ten Hag's plans next season. Therefore he cannot see the centre-back continuing as captain. He added: “It would be deserved because there’s an argument that Harry Maguire might not even start next season. If Ten Hag brings in another centre half he might want to partner him with [Raphael] Varane, there’s no guarantee that he starts.” Being stripped of the captaincy could be a major blow to Maguire and his long-term future at United. Meanwhile, Ronaldo may feel aggrieved if he was ignored for the position by Ten Hag due to his influence in the dressing room.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here