Johnny Depp has received a lot of attention in recent months due to his public court battle against his ex-wife Amber Heard. But long before his life was being plastered across TVs around the world, he was trying to help out his fellow stars where he could. One troubling moment came in 1995 when Depp decided to throw a birthday party for his then-girlfriend Kate Moss at his Californian club, The Viper Room Depp and the supermodel had been together for some time, and he wanted to celebrate her turning 21-years-old. So the actor invited countless stars from throughout the music industry and Hollywood. Included in this line-up was none other than Jason Donovan of Neighbours fame. In Donovan's 2007 memoir, Between The Lines: My Story Uncut, he recalled attending the party and "returning to his hotel room throughout the night" to indulge in drugs. Eventually, the substances he had experimented with that evening got the better of him. His legs gave way and he collapsed before being admitted to hospital. Donovan wrote: "By midnight the party had hit the dance floor, but I knew I was about to go. My heart was racing, my vision was blurring and I was becoming disorientated. I tried to steady myself but my legs buckled under me and I fell to the floor. A crowd had circled round me and Michael [Hutchence] was standing over me trying to empty my trouser pockets. 'Have you got anything on you?' he kept asking me." The star added: "I tried to speak but couldn't. 'It wouldn't be cool if anything was found on you by the medics,' he whispered." He was then looked at by doctors after reaching the hospital but he later discharged himself before returning to the party. That was when Depp cornered him and gave him a stern talking to. (Via Yahoo!) READ MORE: 'Emotional' Johnny Depp was left 'soulless' after Winona Ryder split Donovan recalled apologising to Depp, his host, before he was given a short lecture. Depp said to the star: "That's cool, don't worry ... We're just pleased that you are okay. Now take some advice from me: go to your room, get some sleep and for God's sake, take it easy in future." The Pirates of the Caribbean actor no doubt had a tough view on drugs and "taking it easy" because of the death of his friend just two years before. Depp was very close with River Phoenix who died on October 31, 1993, after overdosing on drugs. Looking back on his friend's death, Depp was furious about what was said about him. DON'T MISS...'Emotional' Johnny Depp was left 'soulless' after Winona Ryder split [INFO]Johnny Depp's lawyer Camille speaks out on romance claims [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp announces surprise performance: How to get tickets [NEWS] Depp later explained: "When River passed away, it happened to be at my club [The Viper Room]. Now that’s very tragic, very sad, but they made it a fiasco of lies to sell f***ing magazines. They said he was doing drugs in my club, that I allow people to do drugs in my club. What a ridiculous f***ing thought!" He added: "'Hey, I’m going to spend a lot of money on this nightclub so everyone can come here and do drugs. I think that’s a good idea, don’t you? We’ll never get found out. It’s not like this place is high profile or anything, right?’" "That lie was ridiculous and disrespectful to River," he said. After his friend's death, Depp couldn't bear to return to The Viper Room. Depp said: "I couldn’t go to the club without thinking of [River's death]." Eventually, the star "came to terms with the fact that it had nothing to do with the club". He added: "He was here a very short time. It had nothing to do with anything, really, except that what he ingested was bad, and now there is nothing we can do." SOURCE / SOURCE