Adele has sparked fury on social media after the pop star shared details of her latest gig being held at London's Hyde Park next week. The 33-year-old, who cancelled her Las Vegas residency earlier this year, was inundated with furious messages online. Taking to the picture-sharing site, Adele shared an advertisement of the festival, which will kick off over the coming days. She shared a photograph of herself alongside Mahalia, Gabrielle, Kacey Musgraves and Tiana Major9, who will also be performing at Hyde Park on the same day. In view of her 50 million followers, she penned: "The line up for my Hyde Park shows next week is going to blow your socks off!! "An all female bill, from new artists that I'm obsessed with to the heavenly @spaceykacey to one of my favorite artists of all time @gabrielleuk who I’ve loved since I was 4!! It’s going to be incredible, there’s a whole host of us performing all day, I can’t wait to share the main stage with you ladies." READ MORE: Victoria Beckham admits she's happy to go braless at 48 Fans furiously took to her comment section and vented their frustrations after no word has been shared about the singer's Vegas gigs. Instagram user, rspichardo2 fumed: "ARE YOU COMING TO LAS VEGAS OR NOT?" Breyana commented: "What about everyone who bought LV residency and got effed. C'mon man." Bianca uttered: "Are you kidding me? And you still are quiet about Vegas? I’m disappointed in you." Nalella remarked: "What happened to Vegas?"  "Damn, Adele so I guess its f those that purchased tickets for Las Vegas," Ryan said. Jacob quizzed: "What about the Vegas dates?" Carina offered: "What about the Vegas shows? It has been months and no update!" "NO LAS VEGAS UPDATE!?!? It’s been 6 MONTHS!" Itza raged. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham admits she's happy to go braless at 48[LATEST]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen vows to wear 'inappropriate clothing'[ADMISSION]Naomi Campbell, 52, puts on risqué braless display in unbuttoned shirt[PICTURES] However, others were less critical of the singer as they shared their delight at seeing the British-born star return to the stage. Brendan gushed: "Your going to kill it Queen. Can't wait!" Hazel wrote: "Awesome dear Adele," while Adam remarked: "Can’t believe I can say this after five years: SEE YOU NEXT WEEK!"(sic) Joanna added: "As if me and my bestie are gunna be in London next weekend with no kids singing our hearts out at this…. 3rd time seeing this goddess but this one looks like it’s going to be on another level."(sic) Her highly-anticipated residency has been hit by more delays as it has been reported that Caesars Palace - where she's set to perform - have laid off staff over the summer. According to The Sun, theatre workers at the hotel, casino and entertainment complex in Nevada had been told to "go home" until September. Adele devastated fans earlier this year when she canceled her highly-anticipated Las Vegas residency just 24 hours before she was set to hit the stage at Caesar's Palace. She devastated fans earlier this year when she cancelled her Las Vegas residency just 24 hours before she was set to hit the stage at Caesar's Palace, as the singer broke down in tears posting the news in a candid video. Express.co.uk has contacted Adele's representatives for comment. 