Netflix’s hit thrilling series Ozark took the streaming platform by storm after it returned to screens for its fourth and final season. While fans were glad and remained enthralled throughout the instalment, crew member Alexa Fogul detailed the challenges she faced as a result of COVID-19.  The highly anticipated fourth season of Ozark followed Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) as she sought to avenge her cousin’s death. Viewers watched as she left the Missouri town and headed to Chicago to hunt down the murderer. In her quest, Ruth also had an encounter with rapper Killer Mike at a diner where he shared advice about coping mechanisms. Despite all these key aspects of season four, crew member Alexa Fogul revealed she faced a number of challenges during the production of the show. READ MORE: America’s Got Talent viewers rocked by 10-year-old’s metal audition Speaking to goldderby.com, Fogul stated: “I think the biggest challenge for every production during Covid particularly if people have to travel for it is that you need to hire them well enough in advance.” She explained: “To be able to test and quarantine depending on what stage of the pandemic we were in. “You’re already under a tight schedule pressure wise and the schedule of any show like Ozark is going to be constantly changing whether it's because of weather or location availabilities. “So you’re constantly having to re-route that anyway, so the added pressure of an additional week was tough, it’s a big show and there are a lot of moving parts.”  As well as Ruth's pursuit for revenge, fans also watched as the Byrde family prepared to move back to Chicago. As they moved to the Ozark’s to launder money for the cartel, leaving the history of crime was never going to be easy. They found relief in the fact that the cartel leader Omar Navarro (Felix Solis) also wanted to live without a target on his back. However, he was only willing to let them go if they organised a deal with the FBI, which would benefit him. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star details moment he decided to quit acting [INSIGHT] Ozark boss hints at regret as he reflects on major character death [INSIGHT] ‘Was a little tricky’ Ozark showrunner on difficulties of major change [INSIGHT] However, the FBI weren’t willing to let him go scot-free as they unexpectedly arrested him. While this was some good news for the Byrde’s, the cartel’s successor Javi Elizonndro (Alfonso Herrera) wasn’t as patient. As he was unwilling to talk problems out, was hot-headed and often went straight to murder, Javi was rightfully feared. As the character was introduced in season four, he also met his death in the instalment. 