Chelsea are said to be moving 'very, very fast' to complete the transfer of Leeds United winger Raphinha as they look to pip rivals Arsenal to his signature. The Blues have stormed Arsenal's interest in Raphinha and look set to beat Barcelona and other suitors to a summer transfer. According to The Athletic, Chelsea are in pole position after verbally agreeing to offer Leeds in excess of £55million for his services. A deal isn't yet complete, but other murmurs suggest new owner Todd Boehly is wasting no time in settling personal terms. Chelsea have already met former player Deco over Raphinha's contract and hope to reach an agreement within the next 48 hours, CBS Sports report. Boehly is taking the lead in negotiations after Marina Granovskaia's Stamford Bridge departure and could make Raphinha the first signing of his tenure. The 25-year-old was initially thought to be holding out for a dream move to Barcelona this summer, but the Spanish giants' financial woes have seemingly denied Xavi of an exciting signing. Meanwhile, Arsenal are yet to indicate they're willing to match Chelsea's package after seeing their first bid rejected. JUST IN: Ten Hag's plan for Tyrell Malacia 'could spell the end' for United ace It's claimed the Gunners have not yet conceded defeat and could still launch a rival bid to Chelsea's but the Blues are confident they will get a deal over the line as they speed up the process to agree personal terms. Raphinha could be one of three attacking additions to Thomas Tuchel's squad ahead of the 2022-23 season. Chelsea are also closing in on an exciting deal for Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling and could launch another hijack of Tottenham Hotspur's interest in Richarlison. The latter would likely act as a replacement for Romelu Lukaku, who will undergo a medical ahead of his return to Inter Milan on Wednesday. After a disappointing return to Chelsea, not least because of his £97.5m price tag, Lukaku is set to re-join Inter on a season-long loan. READ MORE: Daniel Levy's patience running thin with transfer talks on rocks Tuchel wants to address his defence just as much as his attack following the free departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen, who have joined Real Madrid and Barcelona, respectively. Chelsea will sign at least two new centre-backs in the coming months, with Jules Kounde, Matthijs de Ligt and Nathan Ake dominating links. Boehly is determined to back Tuchel with up to six signings in his first transfer window after buying the west London outfit from Roman Abramovich. And after an impressive two years at Leeds, Raphinha is primed to play a starring role in the German head coach's new-look attack. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here