Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, shot to fame after regularly sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has since amassed 4.5 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Kay Nixon asked: “Could anyone advise me please on the best product for tea and coffee stains in mugs and teapots... Thank you.” Kay’s post was inundated with responses but the most popular suggestion was to use bleach. Elizabeth Pope said: “Bleach in cold water brilliant also great for spoons.” Pam Harrison replied: “I used to put a tiny bit of bleach in mine, have a dishwasher now so not a problem.” Brenda Truter commented: “Yes a squirt of bleach and fill mug with cold water. Bleach is available on Amazon from 49p up. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minutes’ “Leave for at least an hour then wash them as normal.” Mandy Odell wrote: “Water with a good squirt of bleach.” Dawn Whitefoot commented: “Cheap bleach and cold water works every time.” Easy Seriously Thick Bleach Citrus costs 50p from Sainsbury’s. Ocado Thick Original Bleach costs 60p. DON'T MISSHomes Under the Hammer buyer boosts property value by £75k [INSIGHT]I tried Elbow Grease’s £1 All Purpose Degreaser spray - results [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ way to brighten clothing and bedding [ANALYSIS] Tesco Thick Bleach Fresh can be bought for 49p. ASDA Smart Price Thin Bleach is 42p. Other suggestions for removing tea and coffee stains from cups and mugs included using baking soda, salt, denture tablets and sterilising liquid. Kylie Blake commented: “Bicarbonate of soda and water mixed into a paste and rub with hands.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Georgina Chandler wrote: “Boiling water and bicarbonate of soda and leave for 10 minutes then scrub with a scourer, no need for any bleach. “You can also put the teaspoons in the cups at the same time.” Little George replied: “Scrub them with salt and a damp sponge.” Sharon Peace suggested: “I use a dishwasher tablet and boiling water.” Jean Wilson said: “One of those green and yellow scourers. “Does the job and cheap as chips. “You don't need anything else except water.” Debbie Figini wrote: “Steradent tablets in warm water in a mug - works a treat.” Amanda Lloyd suggested: “Soda crystals and boiling hot water.” Maria Langley wrote: “Sterilising liquid - 99p from Home Bargains. Quick rinse and no after taste.”