Lawns can be hard to maintain all year round, so it can be tempting to replace organic, green growth with a stress-free alternative. But while artificial grass may offer an almost identical look to a real lawn, it offers none of the same benefits. So, what exactly are the biggest problems with fake turf? Express.co.uk spoke to garden and landscape suppliers, The Grass People, to find out. The decision to ban artificial grass at the Chelsea Flower Show 2022 has highlighted the Royal Horticultural Society’s (RHS) stance on the obvious environmental impacts of this plastic material. While the damaging effects are a key factor to consider, Chris McIlory at The Grass People says this isn’t the only issue with this seemingly “low maintenance” turf. He said: “Although plastic grass is convenient, it doesn’t last forever. It looks good instantly but can wear badly and is then very hard to recycle. “Not only that, high-quality plastic grass is expensive and requires more maintenance than many people realise.” READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Best time of day’ to water your garden plants Artificial grass has been found to exhibit increased runoff of water compared to living lawns. Speaking to Express.co.uk, The Grass People said: “50 percent of rainfall runs straight off some types of artificial lawns whereas living grass absorbs nearly every last drop. “Although most of the time it rains water runs straight into drains, during heavy downpours most towns and cities rely on soil in green spaces to act as a sponge and slow down the flow of water into drains.” If an area is already susceptible to flooding and there are lots of spaces with artificial grass, the runoff of water will lead to greater flooding across the entire space - not just individual gardens. The Grass People added: “If too many people replace their lawns with artificial grass there is a risk that this may lead to serious flooding problems during rainy seasons.” Plastic grass can get very hot as it absorbs heat and can even cause burns, making it a dangerous choice for young families and pet owners during the summer. Friction burns and trouble cleaning the grass are just some of the problems you may encounter during The Grass People said: “It can also cause injury through friction burns if kids (or adults) are playing on it which means it isn’t always a family-friendly option. It can also be tricky for families with pets as cleaning up after them can be difficult." DON'T MISS:When to trim box hedges to encourage 'bushy' summer growth [INSIGHT]How to permanently kill perennial weeds - best method [REVEAL]The 5 gardening jobs for June - everything you need to do this month [LATEST] The production and disposal of plastic grass can also create pollution and destroy spaces for wildlife. According to The Grass People, artificial grass blocks the soil beneath for burrowing insects, such as solitary bees and worms which are then starved for food. With a global decline in insect species, this is a concern as plastic turf provides no food for living creatures. Fossil fuels such as cured oil and coal are also used in the production of fake grass, which is detrimental to both the environment and wildlife. Unlike natural turf which can be over-seeded, artificial grass has to be replaced at some point. However, this isn’t always easy to do as it is made by bonding several types of plastics together, making it particularly difficult to recycle and more likely to end up in landfills. Real grass is 100 percent natural, can help with pollution and provides a home for wildlife. In fact, The Grass People have revealed a 50x50 foot lawn releases enough oxygen for a family of four while trapping harmful gases produced by pollution. Not only does it give back to the environment and you as the garden owner, but it is perfectly safe for children and animals to play on and doesn’t need to be cleaned. Surprisingly, it is also great at absorbing noise, which is helpful for those living in louder areas or who have noisy neighbours. The Grass People said: “Although the grass does need to be mown frequently in the summer - during winter a lawn is fairly low maintenance. “It can also help improve the quality of the soil and ease the risk of flooding.” While shade and clay soils can pose several challenges for gardeners, you should avoid taking the easy option of switching to fake grass instead. In fact, these issues can be easily and cheaply remedied with nothing more than “the right see and know-how” according to The Grass People.