Antonio Conte's efforts as Tottenham boss since his appointment back in November have seen the club qualify for the Champions League for the first time since the 2018-19 season, much to the delight of the Spurs faithful. High-profile players across the continent have been linked as a result of their top four finish, including Ajax star Antony. With Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag looking to bring the Brazilian star to the north west, Tottenham could use their newfound reputation to gazump the Red Devils - and bring in two more top quality signings in the meantime. Express Sport takes a look at their frightening squad should that become a reality. Goalkeeper: Lloris Spurs have already signed Fraser Forster on a free transfer from Southampton, although he is only expected to act as backup to Hugo Lloris. The Frenchman is expected to enter his 11th season as a Tottenham player, and could well break Alan Gilzean's record of 439 appearances for the club to rank eighth in the Lilywhites' all-time appearance list. Such leadership and commitment to the club will be vital for Conte to build a foundation upon, and the former Lyon goalkeeper is by no means past his peak just yet despite being 35 years old. With another couple of years at the very minimum, it is a no-brainer to keep the 139-time France international between the sticks in north London. Defence: Romero, Dier, BREMER Cristian Romero and Eric Dier formed a relatively strong partnership alongside Wales hero Ben Davies under Conte, which was imperative to Champions League qualification towards the tail end of the season. Davies, despite being a left-back primarily, was an adequate player to use in a back three, and will serve as vital back-up to the centre-back and left-wing-back positions next season. But with the club being linked with Torino star Gleison Bremer over the last month, squad depth will be needed if the club is to embark on a Champions League adventure. And the Serie A Defender of the Year could make the switch to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium if a bid is deemed acceptable by the Piedmont-based club. Midfield: SPENCE, Bentancur, Bissouma, Perisic Djed Spence's superb performances for Nottingham Forest in their Championship play-off success attracted the attention of clubs across Europe, with the 21-year-old seriously impressing alongside Brennan Johnson at the City Ground. On loan from Middlesbrough, it seems the Riverside outfit will sell him on whilst his stock is high - and Tottenham are the clear favourites to land him for a fee of around £20million. The London-born talent could feature alongside on-loan star Rodrigo Bentancur and new signing Yves Bissouma, who has just joined from Brighton for a fee of around £25m. And with Croatian powerhouse Ivan Perisic on the other side of midfield, the wing-backs provide pace, skill, experience and youth rolled into one in what could be a scary proposition for any Premier League defence to contend with. Attack: ANTONY, Kane, Son Harry Kane and Son Heung-min's partnership over the last seven seasons means that the duo are easily the first two names on the team sheet for Conte.. Lucas Moura and Steven Bergwijn would provide decent backup, whilst Everton star Richarlison has also been linked in a deal that could total close to £60m. That leaves a space free on the right-hand flank, which has been Swedish prodigy Dejan Kulusevski's berth ever since his move in January - with the former Juventus star impressing massively since his move from Turin. But if Tottenham do upstage United to sign Antony as per reports, the so-called "Ginger Messi" would perhaps have to be shunted to the bench and used in rotation as Tottenham look to compete on all fronts with the tricky Brazilian potentially becoming one of their marquee signings. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here