A woman exclusively shared with Express.co.uk her experience with polygamy in the UK. The woman, who wished to be named Rose Berry, started by saying she is still "not married or engaged" but she has had "experiences with married men" who have suggested the idea of being together despite having other wives. Rose explained most of the married men who have proposed, she has casually "met in restaurants and cafes". Some, she revealed "were family-related". Rose explained: "One I met was a man while I was waiting for a taxi. "He offered to pick me up although I was the opposite of his way and he got me to where I was going. READ MORE: Princess Michael of Kent to retire - a look back at her wedding tiara  "He gave me his number and later on we started chatting. "I knew that he owned a gold mining company, he was 50+, and he was married. "He wanted me as a third wife," she said. Rose explained she didn't accept the offer because she was "still studying".  She continued: "He wasn't around because of his work but we kept communication through social media." However, Rose said she later had to "let go of him because he was a bit stingy". She admitted she asked him for cash "but he gave me excuses". "So I had to let him go," she said. READ MORE: Carole Middleton borrows Kate's dress for Ascot - 'inappropriate' Rose explained she would consider marrying a man with other wives after she finishes her studies but "depending on the circumstances". "I would do if he is a high-value man who's wealthy and not around as much. Why not?" she admitted. However, "if he isn't that way I wouldn't agree," she explained. "In my society, women who been taking as a third, fourth or fifth wife are over 35. "In other words, you're too old to be single." Rose explained if she ever marries a man with many wives, she "won't be living with him". "It's a man's job to have separate living for his wives, far away." This is so "the wives don't clash," she explained. The law in England and Wales states that "under the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973, it is illegal for anyone in England and Wales to enter into a polygamous marriage; that is a marriage that would mean they had more than one wife (polygyny) or husband (polyandry)".