The news comes as the latest intelligence report from the British Ministry of Defence (MoD) suggests Russian forces are being held back by Ukrainian defences in the east of the nation. The last several days have seen Russian turn to long-range missiles fired from bomber jets, with the report suggesting some were fired from Belarussian airspace. The report suggests Ukrainian forces have been actively defending the cities of Lyschansak and Severodonetsk. It read: "Ukrainian forces continue to consolidate their positions on higher ground in the city of Lyschansak, after falling back from Severodonetsk. "Ukrainian forces continue to disrupt Russian command and control with successful strikes deep behind Russian lines." Yet, it was the use of old technology that demonstrated that Russian forces are running low on equipment. The report continued: "Over June 26-26, Russia launched unusually intense waves of strikes across Ukraine using long-range missiles. "These weapons highly likely included the Soviet-era AS-4 KITCHEN and more modern AS-23a KODIAK missiles, fired from both Belarussian and Russian airspace." The report continued with an assessment of Russia's use of such weapons. It read: "These weapons were designed to take on targets of strategic importance, but Russia continues to expend them in large numbers for tactical advantage. "Similarly, it fielded the core elements of six different armies yet achieved only tactical success at Severodonetsk. "The Russian armed forces are increasingly hollowed out. "They currently accept a level of degraded combat effectiveness, which is probably unsustainable in the long term." READ MORE: Putin could be assassinated with ‘f*****g hammer to the head’ On Monday, a Russian missile struck a busy shopping centre in Ukraine. Inside the building were believed to be thousands of shoppers at the time of the attack, which has been labelled by Western sources as a war crime. Speaking of the disaster, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "Fortunately, as far as we know, at that time, many people managed to get out, they managed to get out, but there were still people inside... workers and some visitors."  Describing the atrocities following the strike, Mr Zelensky labelled the attack "one of the most defiant terrorist attacks in European history". He continued: "A peaceful city, an ordinary shopping mall with women inside, children, ordinary civilians inside."  