Danni Menzies tickled fans yesterday as she took to social media to share a hilarious clip of herself practicing gymnastics. The A Place in the Sun star made the most of the good weather and went to the park to exercise with her sister. In view of her 100,000 followers, Danni shared a video on Instagram that saw her fail at executing a series of tumbling skills. The clip, which was made up of shorter videos, showed Danni and her sister rolling around on the grass as they tried out a number of acrobatic moves. One of the clips featured Danni trying to do a cartwheel in slo-mo, while another showed her failed attempt at a bridge. She captioned the post: “Don’t grow up, it’s a trap. READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp blasts commentator for 'clearly loathing' Royal Family “@miamenzies_ and I having a gymnastics competition in the park. The Channel 4 presenter, who stunned in a very skimpy crop top and denim shorts in the clip, added: “Obvs I’m the pro.” (sic) Amused fans rushed to the post’s comments section to poke fun at Danni as they praised the star’s sense of humour. Ukrommel said: “Well, I never thought I'd give Danni below a 9 lol but good effort.” Sandygowans1 added: “Ha ha you were great today in place in sun.” Joeymitchell1 commented: “Hahaha need more of this life is for living.” Ronald.atherton typed: “Danni you are just fantastic.” Woods.muttley quipped: “Both look like your having fun but think one of you a bit more athletic.” (sic) READ MORE...Jennie Bond, 71, leaves fans stunned with unexpected bikini snap [LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts as ‘Aunty Meghan’ tweet sparks 'woke fan' fury [UPDATE]Gorka Marquez supported by Gemma Atkinson as injury forces show exit [INSIGHT] Danni recently spoke to Express.co.uk about her passion for high-speed cars and admitted she first learnt to drive at the age of ten. She revealed that her father had taught her as a child ahead of their future rally drives. The presenter said: “My dad taught me to drive when I was about ten years old. "I've always been quite passionate about going fast and driving cars." Danni went on to admit with a laugh: "My first car was a Fiat Panda!" The car had been a hand-me-down from her grandfather and had allowed Danni to practice her skills on her parents’ private property. She grew up on her family's Mains of Taymouth Country Estate, located in Kenmore, Perthshire. Years later, Danni’s first ever job in TV involved driving supercars.