Top Gear continues on Sunday as Paddy McGuinness, Freddie Flintoff and Chris Harris take a trip down memory lane in some of TV’s most famous cop cars. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Chris admitted he was emotional filming the thrilling scenes as he tested Inspector Morse’s Jaguar. During the episode, the hosts get to try out Starsky and Hutch’s Ford Gran Torino, Magnum PI’s Ferrari and Morse’s Jaguar. The Top Gear hosts have enjoyed driving a number of weird and wonderful vehicles during their time with the show. However, Chris revealed getting the chance to have a spin in Morse’s car was a real stand-out moment. He said: “I had the chance to drive the actual Jaguar from Inspector Morse because I am a Morse tragic. Read more: Top Gear's Chris Harris on ‘utterly ridiculous’ Florida challenge “So I was sitting there pretty much welling up with [Paddy] looking at me on the way to going, ‘You’re such a pr**k.’ “But for me, it was a really ‘I loved it’ moment but I did turn the radio up and not hear [Paddy].” Freddie added: “I enjoyed the cop cars [Chris] had the Morse one and I had the Magnum Ferrari but then we got the chance to make our own trailers some of us got into it more than others.” Gesturing to Chris, he continued: “For someone who can do things in a car I've never seen in my life to be so unimpressive just driving through some cardboard boxes it made me laugh so much.” In the iconic vehicles, the team go head-to-head in a police chase. Elsewhere in Sunday’s episode, Freddie transforms a Sinclair C5 into a bobsleigh. Top Gear fans will know the former England cricketer is no stranger to death-defying stunts. Freddie tackles a Norwegian luge track as Chris watches on terrified. DON'T MISSTop Gear's Chris Harris details painful injury [INTERVIEW]Paddy McGuinness halted from Top Gear feature by bosses [INSIGHT]Top Gear release date: When is Top Gear back on BBC One?  [INSIGHT] Later on in the series, Chris and Paddy take on the challenge of testing out electric cars. They head to the track and try out some of the most ground-breaking new cars on the market. However, Chris explained the pair got the chance to test an unusual car that had been converted into an electric model. Chris said: “We drove some electric cars and I won't give a game away but there’s a very unlikely vehicle that had been electrified and had been given a level of performance that you simply cannot imagine. “[Paddy] was driving it and the first time he opened it up, he was next to me and his face was the look of pure unadulterated shock as it goes off the line.” The Top Gear presenter admitted the experience was one of the most memorable of the new series. “That will stay with me forever he was just yelping, I remember that one vividly.” Top Gear continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.