Liz Truss appeared on Tuesday's Good Morning Britain to discuss the flight. She explained it would work as a "deterrent" to traffickers while giving those on board the chance for a "safe" new life. ITV presenter Richard Madeley asked for an explanation as he described the "contradiction" in the plan. The first flight set to take asylum seekers to Rwanda will take off later today, so the MP joined Madeley and Susanna Reid as controversy over the plan increases. Truss told ITV viewers there would be far more planes making the same journey in the future. It comes as Prince Charles labelled the government decision "appalling" and Chruch of England leaders have spoken out against the "immoral policy". On top of this, protesters have been gathering in London to halt the move. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jamie Hope returns as he takes revenge on Samson "It enables people to have safer accommodation, a safe future in Rwanda," Truss stated. "Whilst at the same time, deterring those who are seeking to help people cross the Channel and in many cases, endangering their lives. "So it's vitally important we act. The Home Secretary is determined to follow through, she has faced a number of legal challenges. "We have won on those legal challenges and I have no doubt that however many people are on the flight today, there will be more in the future and this policy will be effective." "Okay," Madeley replied, before making a counterargument. "Can I just address what seems to many people, whatever they think about the policy, it seems a contradiction in terms." He went on: "On the one hand you're saying that Rwanda is a perfectly civilised and safe place to send people and the conditions there are good and they'll be looked after. "On the other hand, you're saying that the policy is intended to deter people crossing the Channel, so which is it? Is it a deterrent or not?" DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid fights tears as Grenfell firefighter recalls tragedy [VIDEO]Escape to the Chateau's Dick scolds Angel 'Don't bring it up!'[LATEST]ITV viewers furious as Mark Wright takes Chunkz's Soccer Aid penalty [REACTION]  Truss replied: "This is about making sure that people have a safe future but they are not able to access the United Kingdom through illegal migration routes." She added: "We've got legal routes for people to come into our country, we have the points-based immigration system we want people with the right skills and the right talents to come to the United Kingdom. "But we are very clear, of course, people need to be treated humanely, of course they need to be safe and Rwanda is a safe country. "Rwanda wants the extra people to help with their economic development. "So that is a sensible agreement between two countries to make sure we are allowing people who come into the United Kingdom through legal routes which the public support, what the public don't support is the activities of these appalling people traffickers putting people's lives at risk and potentially damaging our economic future." Returning to Madeley's argument, Reid stated: "I think Richard makes a really interesting point, Liz Truss, which is that, if you're saying, 'Rwanda is a good place to be, it's safe, you're going to be looked after and there will be employment opportunities,' in what way does that deter people coming over? "Because surely they will still get into those boats in great numbers, firstly they are desperate. "You might have an issue with who they are, but they have to be desperate to get into hose boats. "They have a good chance, firstly, of staying in the UK, and secondly if they don't stay in the UK, they get deported somewhere that you're saying is a safe place with a good future - I'm not sure where the deterrent is." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. 