Piers Morgan, 57, has taken aim at Amber Heard, 36, in a series of tweets as the TalkTV host compared the actress to Meghan Markle. It comes after Johnny Depp was awarded substantial damages in his defamation trial against his ex-wife. The jury in Fairfax, Virginia, awarded $10.35m (£8.2m) damages to Johnny after finding Amber had defamed him in an op-ed piece and the actress has said she will appeal. She won one of her counter-claims against him, being awarded $2m (£1.5m) in damages. In her first interview since the verdict, Amber said she didn't blame the jury for believing her ex-husband. NBC released a clip of the interview on Monday, with more to be broadcast later this week. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes breaks silence on hospital dash and thanks NHS 'angels' Amber made reference to the "hate and vitriol" she received online during her court battle. Taking to Twitter today, Piers took aim at the Rum Diary actress, in view of his 7.9 million followers. He fumed: "Amber Heard is like Meghan Markle - the more she whines & plays the victim, utilising her best acting skills, the less I believe her." Piers appeared to make reference to the Duke and Duchess of Sussexes' sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. Meghan and Prince Harry accused the royal family of failing to protect them and also going through mental health challenges. The Duke of Sussex had added he had felt "let down" by his father Prince Charles. Meanwhile, in an earlier tweet, Piers had shared a clip of Amber's interview, where she discussed the recent defamation trial with broadcaster Savannah Guthrie. Savannah remarked: "The thing about the First Amendment it protects freedom of speech and doesn't protect lies that amount to defamation. That was the issue in the case."  DON'T MISS... Amber Heard claims ex Johnny 'lied' about physical abuse in marriage[LATEST]Lily Allen in risqué braless display as she attends dinner solo[PICTURES]Charlie Sheen shares 'disapproval' as teen daughter joins OnlyFans[SOCIAL MEDIA] Nodding her head, Amber replied: "Yes, exactly. You can't go into... free speech does not protect you if you go into a crowded theatre and you scream, 'fire.' "We get the concept of free speech from the Greeks. My understanding of that is not the freedom to speak, it's the freedom to speak truth to power." Savannah interjected: "Truth is the word..." Amber added: "That is what I spoke and I spoke it to power and I paid the price."  Piers retweeted the clip and hit out at the actress in another Twitter post. He fumed: "God she’s so full of c**p. "If Depp had lost the case would he be given big media platforms like this to carry on lying, accusing & playing the victim?" It seems that Heard feels like support for the Pirates of the Caribbean actor far outweighed that for her on social media during the trial.