Morning Live gardening expert Mark Lane joined presenters Gethin Jones and Sam Quek on the show this morning to share a simple hack for making pots at home. The gardening expert revealed how to create the pots using newspaper and a toilet roll tube. Mark said: “This is a really cheap way of making your own pots out of just some newspaper and some toilet roll.” The gardening expert recommended using a wooden stamp to help create the pots. To create the two different types of pots, homeowners will need old newspaper, scissors, a wooden stamp, a toilet roll tube and some water. Mark first shared how to make the pots out of newspaper. He explained: “You need to cut a length of newspaper. “You’ve got to imagine that it’s going to go along the length of the piece of wood with about a 3cm overhang.” READ MORE: Are there 'criminal plants' in your garden? 9 plants you can’t grow Mark suggested cutting a length of around 10cm to 12cm. Once the newspaper length was cut, he rolled it around the largest part of the wood to create a tube shape. Next, fold over the edges of the newspaper to create the bottom of the pot. The folded end of the newspaper pot was then pressed into the wooden stamp and twisted.  DON'T MISS'Go straight for the source' 7 ways to get rid of an ants nest at home [INSIGHT]‘Best way’ to ‘kill’ fungus gnats on houseplants using kitchen staple [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to get hydrangeas to ‘really shine’ [ANALYSIS] Remove the newspaper from the wooden stamp. Gardeners should be left with a small pot made out of newspaper. “One little pot that you can then fill with compost and you can then plant them up,” Mark said. The next hack included using the cardboard tube from toilet roll. Mark explained: “[Get a] pair of scissors, cut four slits of about equal length. “Just around the edge. Fold them over onto each other. And then put them into some water. “That will actually stick them together. “Fill it up with compost, put your seeds in.” Mark also showed viewers his cold frame on the balcony.  He said a cold frame is a smaller, cheaper alternative to a greenhouse. The gardening expert described the cold frame as being like a “microclimate” for plants. He also said cold frames are “cheap to make” and can be made from recycled materials. Morning Live is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.