Reality is reflected in the polls that tell us the majority do not feel this is the right time to be discussing the break-up of the UK but our First Minister is not listening. What she is hearing is the sound of her own demise if she doesn’t deliver the red meat to her followers. In the run up to yesterday's launch of the Scene Setting Paper written by tax payer funded civil servants (the SNP have only had 50 plus years to figure out the answers to their cause), Ms Sturgeon had insisted that the two principles she was following were the rule of law and democracy. Without a majority a coalition with the Greens solved the democracy issue - if you only worry about seat numbers and not vote numbers - while another group of civil servants are trying to figure out how to bypass the law. One could almost feel sorry for Nicola Sturgeon, if she delivers a referendum and loses, she is finished. However, if she doesn’t deliver a referendum she is most likely finished, no wonder she looks tired and stressed and that’s before we discuss, education, ferries, trains, mental health to name a few. But her grand announcement of another separation should have been a flag waving moment for her slavish followers instead they were faced with a document that talked about the UK’s performance and tried to pretend that in the event of a breakaway, Scotland would transform to outperform the world. Perhaps Ms Sturgeon's failure to use most of the powers at her disposal to create that transformation as a devolved nation should be carefully considered by her before she develops that argument any further. But when it came to questions following her statement Ms Sturgeon showed us just how red in the face she can go. Asked about SNP MP Patrick Grady’s guilty verdict for sexual misconduct against a young member of staff - a verdict arrived at by a Parliamentary independent expert panel - she coloured and said she couldn’t comment on it. Later that evening her SNP MPs decided that sexual harassment was not an issue that required removal of the whip. A change from the days when Ms Sturgeon ended Mark MacDonald's career for sexting or when she told us in regard to her predecessor Alex Salmond that no behaviour that amounted to sexual abuse or harassment was ever acceptable. Perhaps the Wealthier, Happier, Fairer Scotland she dreams of means less punishment for those who she previously would have gone for. But the winning question was the one that highlighted Ms Sturgeon's terrible record on delivering: Colin Mckay asked “what will we get first a ferry or a referendum?” funny but, oh dear, so chillingly close to the bone. The heady days after her coronation as leader of the SNP were full of optimism and promise. She praised Alex Salmond as a man to be looked up to and admired, five years later giving evidence to the Scottish Parliament she seemed to claim she didn’t really know him that well and had forgotten most of her encounters with him. Mr Salmond of course was facing a raft of sex crime charges at the time - charges of which he was subsequently entirely cleared, while the Scottish Government had to pay his legal bill of more than £500,000. When asked if she would share a podium with him to launch another referendum she refused, instead preferring to cosy up with her Green side kick Patrick Harvey, whose anti-business extreme views on most subjects are of no consequence it appears when an Indyref is on the table. Fortunately for Ms Sturgeon by her own admission she isn’t good with numbers because if she was her embarrassment and awkwardness would have deepened as she presented a paper that provided no figures for Scotland to suggest that the UK was an economic failure.   Whilst claiming that the paper took a balanced view of the arguments a quick read showed that it had cherry picked a few countries and used this as an argument that Scotland could therefore have a higher GDP per head if it was no longer part of the UK. No mention of the challenge that Professor John Kay (a leading economist and former advisor to the Scottish Government) has raised that we Scots would face a £180bn debt and would have to borrow £20bn annually to fill the gap in public finances. Maybe future papers will explain that they are scrapping the National Health Service and free education to help balance their books. But what struck me most was the complete lack of self-awareness and deeply ingrained hypocrisy that pours forth from Ms Sturgeon every time she talks about separation. Yesterday was filled with her usual anti Brexit, anti UK references but once again when pushed on the impact of the hard Border she wants to create, her answer was ‘independence would make trade challenging’, a laughable response if it wasn’t so dreadfully lacking in honesty. Scotland does nearly two thirds of its trade with the UK however Ms Sturgeon cited membership of the EU as the solution to the inevitable hard border – a current fiscal deficit seven times that required for EU membership will end that dream – with the inevitable destruction of Scottish businesses. But hey ho don’t worry because the scene setting document of Healthier, Wealthier, Fairer countries that shows the UK in the top 20 of the 197 UN recognised countries in the world, is apparently clear evidence of the reason why we must have another referendum. 