John Stamos, 58, has spoken up about the 2022 Tony Awards after late actor Bob Saget was seemingly snubbed from the In Memoriam part of the ceremony. Bob, who starred as Danny Tanner in Full House alongside John, died on January 9 at the age of 65 after suffering a head injury in Orlando, Florida.  John was close friends with the late actor, and tweeted of his "disappointment" during the ceremony, calling on fans to “make some noise”.  “Disappointed to hear that @bobsaget will be LEFT OUT of the In Memoriam segment tonight @TheTonyawards,” he wrote.  He took to Twitter to urge fans to “do the right thing” and show support for Bob.  John added that the late star was “brilliant in The Drowsy Chaperone and Hand to God”. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit The star said: “Come on @BroadwayLeague and @TheWing ! Do the right thing! “Bob loved Broadway and I know the community loved him.” Continuing, John wrote: “Let’s make some noise about this everyone and send our love and good wishes to the hosts @ArianaDeBose, @JulianneHough and my buddy @DarrenCriss and all the well-deserved nominees.” Fans took to the social media site to share their thoughts on the subject.  @Drifterkybe said: “I know Bob Saget is watching over you John Stamos and depends on you to treat his legacy with respect to be a good friend to him.  “You've convinced me a long time ago that you are a good person but you've also shown great support to your friend Bob Saget to this day that shows..”  @LaurenDaid514 wrote: “Now— I won’t watch! @JohnStamos”  @1962christine put: “That’s sad. Maybe you can start a petition to have his name mentioned later. DON'T MISS... 'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] “So sorry they are not doing it now. Fly high.” @Tabethacrz2131 commented: “Oh wow, after the love you and Bob have shown Broadway throughout the years?? “First the Oscars and now The Tony Awards, now I know why I stopped watching the award shows altogether.” While Bob was best-known for his on-screen roles, he also featured in some Broadway shows during his career. In 2006, he appeared in parody musical The Drowsy Chaperone and, in 2015, in the five-time Tony-winning play Hand of God. Various other actors were honoured in the In Memoriam section, including William Hurt, Sidney Poitier, and Stephen Sondheim. The 2022 Tony Awards were hosted by Ariana DeBose, with Darren Criss and Julianne Hough hosting the initial celebration. They were held at Radio City Music Hall in New York City.