Vladimir Putin-supporting state TV hosts discussed their predictions of a US withdrawal of support on a popular Russian State TV channel. Putin propagandist Vladimir Solovyov claimed that a Republican majority in the US Congress would quickly stop funding Ukraine as Washington would pivot to domestic issues.  Solovyov then went on to refer to Ukraine as "corrupt" and "Nazi", expressing the opinion that time was on Russia's side and the pace of the war was working in their favour.  Solovyov told Russia 1: "We don't need to participate in any negotiations, because time is on our side, the tempo is working in our favour." Follow panellist Andrey Bezrukov added: "They're going to run and deal with electoral issues." And political scientist Andrey Sidorov said: "Will anything change if Republicans prevail in November in the US?" Solovyov added: "Yes, a lot will change, of course, a lot will change they will calmly say why do we need to be involved and send so much of our own money. JUST IN: 'Very missed' Family of captured British soldier in Ukraine release emotional statement     "Why the hell do we need a corrupt, Nazi Ukraine? They will ask whom are we supporting? "Yes, Russia is bad and the sanctions will stay but why keep throwing so much money over there? our schools lack funding, we have plenty of our own problems. "Instead of fortifying the border with Mexico, helping our small businesses, we've given that money to corrupt Ukraine." US President Joe Biden has pledged money and weapons to Ukraine to help them fight off the ongoing Russian onslaught. READ MORE: Boris 'out of ideas' as PM plans to reset leadership with housing pledge     The US Government recently agreed to send another $700m last month to Ukraine, having already sent top-of-the-range weapons into the battleground. The US has also sent NATO troops to help train Ukrainian servicemen. An exclusive poll was conducted by the Washington DC-based Democracy Insitute to see how American citizens felt about the US Government helping to support Ukraine. The published results show that some US citizens oppose Government imposed measures to help Ukraine. The findings show that 45 percent, of Americans, support Mr Biden's support package, and 50 percent, half of Americans did not support giving $40m to Ukraine in February. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin health fears erupt as Russian leader cancels event [LIVE] ANALYSIS: Putin's superweapons - threat or bluff? SEAN CORBETT  [INSIGHT] NATO sends 3,000 troops to Russian border in show of force[REPORT]  Mr Biden said in a statement: "The people of Ukraine continue to inspire the world with their courage and resolve as they fight bravely to defend their country and their democracy against Russian aggression. "The United States will stand with our Ukrainian partners and continue to provide Ukraine with weapons and equipment to defend itself. "Today, I am announcing a significant new security assistance package to provide timely and critical aid to the Ukrainian military. "Thanks to the additional funding for Ukraine, passed with overwhelmingly bipartisan support in the U.S. Congress, the United States will be able to keep providing Ukraine with more of the weapons that they are using so effectively to repel Russian attacks. "This new package will arm them with new capabilities and advanced weaponry, including HIMARS with battlefield munitions, to defend their territory from Russian advances. "We will continue to lead the world in providing historic assistance to support Ukraine’s fight for freedom. 