Technology has been rigorously employed in the ongoing Russo-Ukraine war, some say more than in any previous conflicts, with television, radio and, of course, social media being used by both sides to emphasise their contrasting messages. On a number of occasions, this has also been used to humiliate the opposition, primarily through hacking. The most recent example of this has seen a Russian radio station hacked to play Ukrainian anti-war songs. Journalist Christo Grozev wrote in a post on Twitter just before midday (BST) that Kommersant FM was broadcasting a “sequence” of Ukrainian songs. It was also playing out “Russian-language anti-war songs.” He urged his followers to “have a listen while you still can”. Francis Scarr of the BBC added that the “patriotic Ukrainian song” Ой у лузі червона калина was being played on the station. This translates roughly to “In the meadow, a red kalyna”, this being a shrub. The song refers to a red kalyna that has been “bent down low” but insists “out glorious Ukraine” will “raise it up”. It adds that Ukraine has a “free people” who are “marching forward… into a bloody fray” to release its “brothers” from “hostile chains”. READ MORE: Russian casualties hit '100k' in 100 days The riflemen who are “preserving” the nation against the enemy will be “glorified”, the anti-war song notes. WELT Moscow Correspondent Pavel Lokshin highlighted the Ukrainian national anthem was also given a hearing, some say more than once. Mr Grozev reported another song called “I don’t need war” was also played on the station. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] He noted, however, that the hack had only impacted its online stream. Some of the journalist’s followers said this was “unfortunate”. On ‘Victory Day’ last month, when Russians commemorate the end of the Second World War, the scheduling page for state-run television channel Channel One Russia was also hacked and replaced the name of every programme with an anti-war message. Mr Scarr translated this as reading: “On your hands is the blood of thousands of Ukrainians and their hundreds of murdered children. “TV and the authorities are lying. No to war.” Perhaps the most well-known intrusion into Russia’s propaganda machine so far in the war was when a then-television editor broke on the screens during a news report, holding a banner which read “no war”. Producers quickly faded the report to another screen, but not before Marina Ovsyannikova’s message had been seen.