Kate Middleton has access to the world's best skincare products, but that dewy glow can also be achieved at a fraction of the cost. Facial aesthetics and skincare expert Dr Chloë Butler spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how non-royals can achieve Kate's fabulous complexion. Dr Butler told Express.co.uk: "Kate Middleton likes to keep it natural. "As we get older, many of us feel we need to apply more makeup to look more youthful, however, it’s more beneficial to apply less makeup and focus on a good skincare regime. "With Kate’s smooth complexion she really doesn't need to add much coverage, just highlighting in the right places and a touch of pink blush." When it comes to getting skin like the Duchess of Cambridge, Dr Butler recommends one key practice: "Exfoliation weekly and the night before an exfoliating glycolic acid peel to give a glow the next morning." READ MORE: Flying can wreak havoc on the skin: How to survive it She shared what non-royals can do to get Kate's youthful skin on a "budget". Her first tip was to give yourself regular facial massages. Facial massage and the use of gua shas have exploded in recent years. Dr Butler said: "Regular massaging helps to drain puffiness and toxins." She uses a rose quartz facial massager. "Massaging your skin, even for just a few seconds, brings about more blood cells to the skin, more oxygen, and better absorption of products." There are plenty of tutorials out there that offer guidance on this low maintenance anti-ageing technique. The expert's next tip was to not "skimp on serums".  She elaborated: "Incorporating a hyaluronic acid-based serum in the morning and at night will provide the ultimate boost in hydration for all skin types - this is a must in every skincare regimen." But why is this so essential in achieving a Kate Middleton-esque complexion? A hyaluronic acid-based serum will leave the skin looking and feeling "replenished, plump, healthy, and super glowy". Her next tip for royal worthy skin is totally free - get enough sleep. She explained: "Sleep helps you recover faster from skin stressors like dryness and sun damage.  "Aim for seven to nine hours a night, on your back when possible (it keeps pressure off your face)." Finally, the expert recommended eating your way to healthier skin, opting for "skin-friendly food". "Omega-3-rich foods fight inflammation and strengthen the skin's barrier, locking moisture in (and keeping skin plump and fresh)." A few delicious foods to stock up on are mackerel, salmon, anchovies, flaxseed and walnuts. Dr Chloë Butler is the founder of Eighth & Eden medical, aesthetic and spa clinic.