Teachers' unions have threatened to ballot members for strike action amid growing concern over the stagnation of pay rates despite rising inflation in the UK. The National Education Union, one of several unions considering strike action, has explained its members expect a pay rise that is, at minimum, in line with increases in inflation, which currently stands at 9 percent, although it is predicted to rise to 11 percent. The threatened union action comes as rail workers are set to launch the largest strike in 30 years, causing huge disruption to the UK’s transport network as services face significant delays and many are simply cancelled altogether.   The RMT union is striking throughout June in response to inadequate pay and working conditions on top of accusations of unfair treatment by senior management. Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme, General Secretary for the National Education Union Mary Bousted explained the drive behind the proposed teacher strike. She said: “I think it’s always very interesting when the argument is put forward that working people have to continually pay the price. “We had to pay the price in austerity when the banks made millions out of quantitative easing, then we have to pay the price when there is inflation. “Our members are worried about putting fuel in their tank to get into school to teach their pupils.”    The NEU General Secretary continued: “We are running out of teachers. “On current pay levels, a third of teachers leave within five years. “The danger is, as a nation, we will fall behind in education standards and in productivity.” She added: “As a nation, we are simply decimating teacher supply.” Read more: Teachers threaten to join rail strike as inflation continues to rise Ms Bousted outlined the NEU plan as she continued: “ If we don’t get a rise in line with inflation, then we will be surveying our members after the start of the next school year and then if they indicate that they wish to take strike action, we will move to a formal ballot. “The Secretary of State, the Government, has some time now to respond to the crisis that teachers are facing in terms of their standards of living. “They have some time to get into negotiation with us and see what they can do to avert any strike action by teachers, which is the last thing our members want to do. “This is a cry for help.” She added: “We all know the immensely important job that teachers do but they haven’t been valued for that job.” Don't miss: Why are there train strikes? Union demands explained in full [ANALYSIS]Simon Calder on terrifying lack of travel 'mayhem tomorrow!’ [REVEAL]Treasury minister hints at new plan to avoid 'summer of discontent' [REPORT] The threatened walkout of teachers amplifies the anticipated disruption expected throughout the coming months as reports brand the continued union action as creating a “summer of discontent.” A statement from the RMT Union said: “Every worker in Britain deserves a pay rise that reflects the cost of living crisis.” “We call on the entire labour movement and the working people to rally to the support of the RMT and our members in this struggle.” The RTM strikes are set to cause chaos across the country as travel routes for millions in the UK are unlikely to operate. The threat of a teacher strike has now intensified pressure on the Government to negotiate with unions and prevent further disruption to industries across the UK.   