Prince Harry will not be with the Duke of Cambridge to mark his 40th birthday, in what will already be an affair tinged with sadness due to his late-mother Princess Diana never making that birthday. The Princess of Wales died aged 36 in a tragic car crash in Paris which has plagued both William and Harry since their childhood. Not only will the absence of his mother likely add a hint of sadness to the affair, but milestone celebrations including birthdays often remind people of those they have become distant with. The atmosphere at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee was slightly frosty between the Sussexes and the Cambridges as there was no public interaction between the foursome. Natalie Oliveri wrote in 9Honey, an Australian news outlet, that “Prince Harry, once his brother’s wingman, is thousands of kilometres away living an entirely different life to the one he and William had envisioned growing up in Kensington Palace together when they were children.”  Since Prince Harry decided to move with Meghan Markle stateside and relinquish royal duties and patronages, much more pressure has been piled on William and Kate and their three children. Ms Oliveri added: “The sad reality is one brother has chosen to step away from his royal role, leaving the other to carry the burden of duty alone.” However, the burden is not wholly on the Duke of Cambridge with his father the Prince of Wales taking on more roles when the Queen is unable to and other royals such as Princess Anne, Prince Edward and the Countess of Wessex also stepping up. READ MORE: Boy, 16, is charged after break-in at Susan’s house During the Jubilee celebrations, the senior royals took centre stage with an emphasis on the future of the monarchy with Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis in attendance. Meanwhile, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were spotted through windows above Horse Guards Parade and at the thanksgiving ceremony at St Pauls where they were notably distanced from The Firm. According to the Daily Mail, Prince William is “mourning” the breakdown of his relationship with his brother which is at “rock bottom” as there appears to be little chance of reconciliation, according to friends of the future king. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Prince William be the next King?  (POLL)Remainers' number one argument for rejoining torn apart (REVEAL)Staunch anti-Brexit Remainer wishes to return to UK amid heatwave (INSIGHT) One said: “He [William] alternated between grieving for what he has lost and feeling really, really angry about what his brother has done. “He truly loves Harry and feels he has lost the only person, aside from his wife, who understood this strange life of theirs.” The source added: “But he believes there are things you just don’t do. And Harry has 100 percent crossed that line.”