The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall can be seen being seated with Rwandan President Paul Kagame. The President is reportedly “irked” following private comments by the Prince in which he called the Government’s Rwanda plan “appalling”. The plan would see some asylum seekers who have entered the UK illegally have their claims processed by Rwanda and then claim asylum in that country. The deal will see the UK pay for the costs of the plan as well as an additional £120million in funding to Rwanda. It has been opposed by various charity groups, human rights lawyers, the Church and, most recently, members of The Royal Family. Prince Charles is said to have privately called the plan “appalling” and was especially frustrated by the plan as he is in the country to represent the Queen at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting, according to a source speaking to The Times. The Daily Express’ Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer reported that Mr Kagame was “irked” by the comments.  He said: “Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall meet Rwanda’s President Paul Kagame. The President is understood to be irked by the heir to the throne’s private criticism of the deal to transport asylum seekers from the UK to Rwanda.” Mr Palmer noted that despite the reports Mr Kagame looked delighted to meet the Royal couple. He added: “However, President Kagame looked delighted to greet the royal couple today, according to our pool reporter there.” A Clarence House spokesperson has denied that the Prince had tried to influence the Government over the Rwanda plan.  READ MORE: Below Deck Sailing Yacht: Fans praise Chef Marcos after his exit The spokesperson said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. “Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” Home Secretary Priti Patel’s Rwanda plan has hit a major roadblock after the European Court of Human Rights made an 11th-hour ruling blocking the removal of one of the seven asylum seekers aboard the plan’s maiden flight. This decision allowed lawyers for the other six individuals on the flight to make successful last-minute applications for their removal.  DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'Game-changer' US governor throws weight behind Britain [LIVE]Elite £9million Su-25 fighter jet crashes on 'planned flight' in Russi [REPORT]Urgent investigation launched by UKHSA as POLIO detected in London [INSIGHT] The ruling has prompted the Prime Minister to threaten to leave the ECHR. Prince Charles and Camilla also visited the Kigali Genocide Memorial - where more than 250,000 victims of the Rwandan genocide are buried. The Royal couple looked visibly moved while they toured the children’s room of the Kigali Genocide Memorial. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has confirmed that he will join the Prince of Wales and Camilla at the summit. 