Meghan Markle was seen in the British public for the first time in two years last week for the Her Majesty’s Service of Thanksgiving as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Duchess of Sussex wore a pale coat dress with an oversized collar for the occasion. Jesús Enrique Rosas, aka the Body Language Guy, studied Meghan’s body language from arriving at St. Paul’s Cathedral to sitting through the service and then leaving. He highlighted a regular move Meghan made which suggested she was nervous. Meghan wore an haute couture dress by Dior: a crisp trench coat dress in the colour greige, which featured a buckled belt and oversized club collar, cropped sleeves and a storm flap across the back. Upon exiting the car, Prince Harry made sure his wife was looking her best, and gestured to her to check the collar of her dress, which she did. Jesús commented: “When I was checking the footage, I noticed everyone was mentioning Meghan fixing her collar and it was always the left side…something has to be said about pacifying gestures. “We do this kind of gesture to calm ourselves, it can be fixing our clothes or touching our faces, or in the case of Harry, touching his [wedding] ring. READ MORE: Prince Harry displays ‘ongoing tragedy between himself and William' “This is a way to vent stress and it actually works, that’s why we do it. “But at the same time, we are telling the world we are nervous,” he suggested. “In the case of clothing, maybe the fit isn’t right and we feel a bit uncomfortable, but for any fitting adjustments, we usually pull - pull sleeves, skirts. “But this was a very deliberate move for her [Meghan] to touch her collar flap, she’s not really adjusting any fitting.” DON'T MISS...Cleaning tips: Correct way to clean toilet limescale - avoid 2p trick [EXCLUSIVE]‘Do not use salt to kill weeds!' Paving expert condemns gardening hack [GUIDE]Queen doesn’t have strawberry jam on her scones - royal chef says [VIDEO] Meghan’s signature style is impeccable tailoring, and fashion experts say her outfit choices are neither ‘in’ nor ‘out of fashion’ they are just timeless. The Duchess will likely have had several fittings for this dress, to ensure it sits perfectly on her body. The Body Language Guy also took a look at Meghan’s facial expressions. He commented: “Don’t be fooled by Meghan’s smile, she was also uncomfortable at times.” Jesús then referred to several moments when Meghan was caught standing and smiling, but Jesús noticed “her neck muscles are really tense”. The expert went on to claim “there was a good reason for that tension” - “the reaction from the public when they entered the Cathedral”. Meghan and Harry received a mixed reception from the public outside the Cathedral - reports have said a blend of boos and cheers was heard. In terms of the rest of Meghan’s outfit, underneath the trench coat, she wore a coordinating wool-silk blend skirt and an organza shirt, and a pair of matching leather gloves. Her shoes were also by Dior, and are the D-Moi pumps in a custom greige fabric, priced at £590. To complete the look, she accessorised with a wide-brimmed straw hat which was designed by Stephen Jones Millinery for Dior. Meghan’s earrings were her Birks Snowflake Snowstorm Diamond Earrings, set to be valued at around £11,251.