With bank interest rates at record lows, many people are looking at different ways to invest their spare cash. Cryptocurrency is unregulated, meaning it can be a dream for scammers as transactions made are usually untraceable. Interested by the possibility of higher returns, Kaz, a Covid testing assistant, decided to use her spare cash to invest into cryptocurrency. She put in £500 as she knew she would not earn much interest in the bank. Within less than a month, she was told her money had grown to £750, however scammers were able to take this cash that she had made with their sophisticated tactics. On BBC’s Dirty Rotten Scammers today, Kaz explained her situation, and found out how these scammers were able to find her details. READ MORE: 'Horrible sinking feeling' Retiree left in debt for five years after losing £20,000 Kaz gave them her full log in details and unwittingly, this meant they had full access to her account. She said: “When I logged onto my account, I saw £750 pending but I couldn’t get hold of anyone to stop it or do anything about it. “Next minute I went in and I saw my balance and it said zero. “I felt physically sick and I thought to myself, ‘Oh my gosh I’ve just been scammed’. I just wanted to cry.“ The shows ethical hackers discovered that Kaz’s home address and her date of birth, as well of social media accounts are visible to everyone online. Kaz was not aware people could see this information and was “really shocked,” especially the fact her address was out there. They also discovered that her details had been part of 14 different data breaches so her private information had been exposed. Hackers had access to her email address, phone number, user names and several of her passwords. Shocked by this Kaz said: “Wow I feel quite violated. That they can have all that information on me. That’s something private for me.” She continued: “I’m just mortified at how clever these hackers are to have this information and I didn’t realise they could grab so much personal information about me which means they could duplicate my identity. “The 14 breaches have hit a nerve. I’m thinking wow these guys are out there and they know so much about me. “I didn’t give permission for that and that’s the worst part.” Dirty Rotten Scammers continues tomorrow at 10am on BBC One.