The Queen is the longest-reigning British monarch and marks 70 years on the throne this weekend. Celebrations of her historic reign will take place across the country over a special, four-day bank holiday, which kicks off on Thursday. It is the monarch’s fourth major Jubilee celebration, having previously marked her Silver, Golden and Diamond Jubilees. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Events include Trooping the Colour — the Queen’s annual birthday parade — a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral and the grand finale, the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Traditions of the Sovereign's Jubilee festivities date back to the first-ever celebration of a monarch’s Jubilee years — King George III’s Golden Jubilee in 1809. Here, Express.co.uk takes a look at George III’s Jubilee celebrations and the Jubilees that followed. The celebration of the monarch’s Jubilee years began during the long reign of George III, who was king from October 25, 1760, until January 29, 1820. At the beginning of his 50th year on the throne, on October 25, 1809, his reign was marked in both Britain and the Colonies. George III and other members of the Royal Family attended a private service in Windsor, followed by a grand fete and firework display at Frogmore. Meanwhile, in London, the Lord Mayor and Corporation processed to St Paul’s Cathedral for a service of thanksgiving before hosting a dinner at the Mansion House. Victoria, who served as Queen from June 20, 1837, to January 22, 1901, held the position of longest-reigning monarch until Elizabeth surpassed her in 2015. Her Golden Jubilee was celebrated on June 20 and 21, 1887, beginning with a quiet breakfast under the trees at Frogmore, where her beloved late husband, Prince Albert, was laid to rest. Later, she travelled by train from Windsor to Paddington for a royal banquet at Buckingham Palace, which was attended by fifty foreign kings and princes, along with the governing heads of Britain’s overseas colonies and dominions. Victoria described the event in her diary, writing: “Had a large family dinner. All the Royalties assembled in the Bow Room, and we dined in the Supper-room, which looked splendid with the buffet covered with the gold plate. “The table was a large horseshoe one, with many lights on it. "The King of Denmark took me in, and Willy of Greece sat on my other side. “The Princes were all in uniform, and the Princesses were all beautifully dressed. “Afterwards we went into the Ballroom, where my band played." The next day, Victoria travelled in an open carriage to Westminster Abbey, escorted by Indian cavalry. She was watched and cheered by spectators who sat on terraced benches along the 10-mile procession. Upon her return to Buckingham Palace, Victoria appeared on the balcony where she was greeted by huge crowds. In the evening, she hosted a banquet at the Palace which was followed by a fireworks display in the garden, which the Queen watched from her wheelchair. Ten years later, Victoria celebrated her Diamond Jubilee, marking 60 years on the throne. Celebrations included a procession to St Paul’s Cathedral, where a service of thanksgiving was held outside the building as the Queen was unable to manage the steps. At the age of 76, Victoria was virtually immobile due to her arthritic hips — she remained in her carriage for the duration of the 20-minute ceremony. After the service, the procession continued via Mansion House across London Bridge and through South London, before returning over Westminster Bridge, past the Houses of Parliament to Buckingham Palace. In her journal, Queen Victoria called it “a never to be forgotten day.” She wrote: “No one ever I believe, has met with such an ovation as was given to me, passing through those six miles of streets. “The crowds were quite indescribable and their enthusiasm truly marvellous and deeply touching. “The cheering was quite deafening, and every face seemed to be filled with real joy. I was much moved and gratified.” King George V’s Jubilee festivities in May 1935 were the first-ever Silver Jubilee celebration of any British monarch — it marked the King’s 25 years on the throne. The busy programme of events also started with a special thanksgiving service at St Paul’s Cathedral. May 6 was declared a public holiday and parties, fetes and pageants were held across the country. Later, the King and Royal Family appeared on the balcony of Buckingham Palace where they were cheered by floods of well-wishers. Due to popular demand, George returned to the balcony to wave at crowds who had gathered over the following days. The Silver Jubilee was celebrated throughout the month, with the King often taking carriage rides through London. One marked Queen Mary’s birthday, during which they were accompanied by their two granddaughters — Princess Margaret and the future Queen Elizabeth. The next Jubilee came over 40 years later, as Queen Elizabeth II celebrated her 25th anniversary of her accession to the throne. Her Silver Jubilee was marked with large-scale parties throughout the UK and the Commonwealth nations. On June 6, the Queen lit a bonfire beacon at Windsor, which started a chain of beacons across the country. The following day, crowds gathered to see the Queen drive in the Gold State Coach to St Paul’s Cathedral for a Service of Thanksgiving — attended by heads of state from around the world and former prime ministers of the UK. During a lunch with members of the Royal Family at the Guildhall, Her Majesty made a speech. She declared: “My Lord Mayor, when I was 21, I pledged my life to the service of our people and I asked for God's help to make good that vow. “Although that vow was made in my salad days, when I was green in judgement, I do not regret nor retract one word of it.” Approximately 500 million people tuned in to watch the procession return down the Mall. The final event of the celebrations was a river progress down the River Thames from Greenwich to Lambeth, mirroring the ceremonial barge trips of Queen Elizabeth I. Her Majesty opened the Silver Jubilee Walkway and the new South Bank Jubilee Gardens, before a firework display and a procession of lighted carriages took the Queen back to Buckingham Palace, where she was greeted by a cheering crowd. The Queen’s Golden Jubilee celebrated 50 years on the throne. The events were shaped by six key themes: Celebration, Community, Service, Past and future, Giving thanks and Commonwealth. The central focus of the celebrations kicked off with a classical music concert in the gardens at Buckingham Palace, followed by a church service at St George's Chapel in Windsor and a National Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. Events climaxed with a pop concert at the Palace, which included performances from Sir Paul McCartney, Bryan Adams, Sir Elton John and Dame Shirley Bassey. The evening ended with a fireworks display and the Queen lighting the National Beacon, the finale in a string of 2,006 beacons which had been lit in a chain across the Commonwealth. During a speech at the London Guildhall, the sovereign said: “I would like to give my heartfelt thanks to each and every one of you ‒ here in Guildhall, those of you waiting in the Mall and the streets of London, and all those up and down this country and throughout the Commonwealth, who may be watching this on television. “Thank you all for your enthusiasm to mark and celebrate these past fifty years.” In celebration of the Queen’s 60 years on the throne, Britons were given an extra bank holiday to mark the occasion on June 5, and the Spring Bank Holiday was moved to June 4 to create a four-day bank holiday weekend — much like this year’s celebrations. The festivities began with the monarch’s visit to the Epsom Derby, an event she attends every year. On the Sunday, street parties took place throughout the country and people were encouraged to have “Big Jubilee Lunches” to share food with neighbours and friends as part of the celebrations. The Thames Diamond Jubilee Pageant saw up to 1,000 boats assembled on the Thames from across the UK, the Commonwealth and around the world; this was the largest flotilla seen on the river in 350 years. However, heavy rain during the event meant that the commemorative air force flyover that was planned had to be cancelled. On the Monday, 10,000 people descended on the Palace for the Diamond Jubilee Concert and accompanying afternoon picnic. Performers included Will.i.am, Stevie Wonder, Grace Jones and Kylie Minogue. Afterwards, the Queen lit the National Beacon: one of 2,012 that were lit by communities and individuals throughout the UK, Channel Islands, the Isle of Man and the Commonwealth. A day of celebrations in central London included a service at St Paul's Cathedral followed by two receptions, a lunch at Westminster Hall, a Carriage Procession to Buckingham Palace and finally a balcony appearance, flypast and Feu de Joie, a rifle salute fired by soldiers. On her Accession Day anniversary this year, Her Majesty renewed the pledge she had made in 1947, at the age of 21, that her “life will always be devoted to your service.” The Platinum Jubilee weekend is a chance for the UK to reflect on the Queen’s 70 years of dedicated service. From June 2-5, communities across the country will celebrate the unprecedented anniversary and show gratitude for the historic reign of Queen Elizabeth II. 