The pictures, posted on Instagram, show Princess Eugenie alongside her husband Jack Brooksbank and one-year-old son August. Jack can be seen holding August as the family point and wave at the RAF aircraft during the flyover.  As a non-working member of the royal family, Princess Eugenie could not stand on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the flypast. Writing on Instagram, the Princess said: "The most perfect day to celebrate 70 years." One user commented: "You are just a devoted granddaughter and still do so much service. I feel for you that you were not on the balcony yet a true Royal spirit handle everything with grace." The Queen was joined alongside working royals, including Prince William, Kate Middleton and their children George, Charlotte and Louis, as well as Prince Charles and Camilla, on the balcony to watch the flypast. READ MORE: Trooping of Colour: Harry and Meghan beam at crowds after big day  Crowds cheered as the Queen joined the senior members of the family on the first day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Thousands flooded The Mall, waving union jacks in the sun as the flypast happened. Prince Louis was seen covering his ears and shutting his eyes as the noise from the 70-aircraft flypast appeared too much for him. The parade marked the start of the long bank holiday weekend of events celebrating the Queen’s reign.  DON'T MISS:Britons slam 'disgraceful' Archbishop suggestion to forgive Andrew [INSIGHT]Catherine Southon faces calls for 'ban' from Bargain Hunt viewers [COMMENT]Ukrainian refugee with cancer faces having his cat taken away [PICTURES] As soldiers marched towards Buckingham Palace at the end of the parade, the Queen emerged onto the balcony. The 70 aircraft – including Spitfires from World War Two, Apache helicopters, Typhoons and the Red Arrows – then took part in the flypast over Buckingham palace. Jets flew in formation to form the number 70 as stunned onlookers watched the spectacle. It had been decided that only “working royals” would appear on the balcony during the display, meaning the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, and then Queen’s son, the Duke of York, were barred. Prince Harry and Meghan watched the display from a vantage point in the Duke of Wellington’s former office, overlooking Horse Guards Parade. 