Meghan and Harry, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, visited from their Montecito home to join in the Jubilee celebrations and take part in their first official engagement together since stepping down as senior working royals two years ago. The couple attended the thanksgiving service at St Paul's Cathedral as it was deemed a family – rather than public – occasion but kept a low profile during the other festivities. Meghan and Harry were greeted by a mix of boos and cheers from the crowd upon their arrival. During the service they were seated on opposite sides of the cathedral to Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Meghan and Harry sat between Princess Eugenie's husband Jack Brooksbank and Princess Margaret's daughter Lady Sarah Chatto on the second row. After the ceremony the couple chose to travel back to Frogmore Cottage instead of joining the Royal Family for luncheon at The Guildhall. Irene Keene, former magazine editor-turned-influencer, travelled from the US to the UK for the Jubilee and described a sense of hope in America for fraternal reconnection. Ms Keene told Express.co.uk that she hoped the “seeds were planted” for reconciliation between Prince Harry, Meghan, and various Royal Family members. She said: “At the end of the day family – biological or otherwise – is everything, regardless of who one is.” She added that although she couldn’t speak on the views of all Americans, “I don’t think I’m alone in thinking that it would be a shame if Prince Harry and Prince William don’t mend fences”. She continued: “With the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in London for the Jubilee, I hope seeds were planted for a reconciliation, not just between the brothers, but between Meghan and other family members as well.” So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry push for reconciliation? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. Meghan and Harry travelled to the UK with their two children – Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, to enjoy the Jubilee festivities. However, a royal author claims that instead of “mending fences”, the couple ran into a “brick wall” as some senior royals may wonder if “anything they say may end up as a chapter in Harry’s memoir, or on a future podcast”. Author Duncan Larcombe, known for his book Prince Harry:The Inside Story, that the couple is facing a real test that could impact their future with the family. Writing for Closer Magazine, Mr Larcombe said Harry and Meghan are at risk of being “cut off” from the Royal Family if they discuss any private moments from the Jubilee, leaving them in a "last-chance saloon".  He added: “The test really begins now for Harry and Meghan. They have come to the UK and to the Jubilee and really cemented themselves as royals again – which is great for their brand and something that Spotify, Netflix and Penguin will be eating up. “But everything now depends on their behaviour moving forward. Clearly, an olive branch has been extended by the Royal Family here. But Harry and Meghan would ruin that if any private information about this weekend was spoken about to the press or revealed in a book.” The royal author continued: “It’s last-chance saloon for them now. If anything from the weekend leaked, I imagine they will be totally cut off and that’ll be it.” He added that while this could be “dangerous ground” it is also an opportunity for Meghan and Harry to take “a huge step in the right direction” and “prove they can be trusted”.  Meghan and Harry were seen watching the Trooping the Colour celebrations inside the Duke of Wellington's former office. They did not join other working members of the Royal Family on the Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the RAF flypast. Three-year-old Archie was not seen during the Jubilee weekend but the couple did share a portrait of their daughter Lilibet, to mark her first birthday. Meghan and Harry were thought to have introduced Lilibet to the Queen and also hosted a first birthday party at Frogmore Cottage – where they were staying. So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry be “cut off” from the Royal Family if they discuss family moments from Jubilee? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.