Health provider Bupa say if the liver gets to the stage where it’s damaged, certain symptoms may occur. These include “feeling generally unwell and really tired [and] pain or discomfort on the right side of your tummy, just under the ribs”, said the health provider. Other symptoms of NAFLD include:• Unexplained weight loss• Weakness• Jaundice• Itchy skin• Swelling in the ankles, legs, feet, or tummy. It is important to note jaundice, itchy skin, and the swelling occur in later stages of the disease; NAFLD rarely presents with symptoms in its early phases. READ MORE: Peter Kay: Comic's 'first hand experience' of 'complex' disease Treatment for NAFLD will vary depending on the severity of the patient’s condition. In some cases, medication may be prescribed to treat problems associated with the condition such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and diabetes. If NAFLD has advanced too far, a liver transplant may be required. The NHS added: “As the liver can regenerate itself, both the transplanted section and the remaining section of the donor’s liver are able to regrow to a normal size.”  The NHS has several tips for patients with NAFLD to help manage their condition. These include losing weight, eating a healthy diet, having water instead of sweet drinks, exercising regularly, and quitting smoking. Although NAFLD is not caused by alcohol, the NHS warn “drinking may make it worse”. In recent weeks another form of liver disease has caused concern among NHS doctors. Earlier this year scientists became concerned about a rise in the number of acute hepatitis cases affecting children. The outbreak, having started in Scotland, has spread to over 12 countries around the world. So far, most of the cases have been reported in England. The United Kingdom's Health Security Agency’s (UKHSA) Doctor Renu Bindra said of the outbreak: “Our investigations continue to suggest an association with adenovirus, and we are exploring this link, along with other possible contributing factors including prior infections such as COVID-19.” Meanwhile, in the United States, the cause of the outbreak is of an altogether fruitier nature. The outbreak is being blamed on a batch of contaminated strawberries. Although the affected strawberries have now passed their use-by date, the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) is warning people not to eat those frozen and saved for later. Batches affected are those purchased between the March 5 and April 25, 2022. Meanwhile, in the United States, the cause of the outbreak is of an altogether fruitier nature. The outbreak is being blamed on a batch of contaminated strawberries. Although the affected strawberries have now passed their use-by date, the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) is warning people not to eat those frozen and saved for later. Batches affected are those purchased between the March 5 and April 25, 2022.