As the Queen's eldest son, Prince Charles is the next in line to the throne. Due to the royal tradition of neutrality, the Queen has always kept an apolitical nature but, with Charles not being shy to express his opinions, it is often feared that the future king would not follow suit and may end up becoming "too political". Speaking to Nigel Farage on GB News, royal expert Michael Cole discussed how Charles should be "careful" with voicing his political opinions. Referirng to Charles' political views, in particular his speculated comments regarding the Government's controversial policy for Rwanda, Mr Cole said: "He's got to be extraordinarily careful about this". Speaking to Mr Farage, he added: "As you say, the Queen has never put a foot wrong in this way. "These sorts of things cannot be allowed to happen again. "He must take great care and perhaps he ought to have around him, people who actually see these tiger traps and makes sure he walks around them and not straight into them". READ MORE: 'It's a slippery slope!' Meghan and Harry begged not to do second Oprah interview The royal expert added: "He's been in the royal business since the age of four. "He's been waiting for the job of succession to the Queen since the age of four", adding that he "should know the ropes by now". Mr Cole noted that this was a "fundamental mistake", and that " a little bit mea culpa" wouldn't go a miss. Speaking recently on GB News, Jennie Bond discussed the Prince of Wales with hosts Isabel Webster and Eamonn Holmes. Discussing a potential meeing between Charles and Boris Johnson, Ms Bond claimed the future king "wouldn't be able to help himself" in a political discussion. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry 'humiliated' as 'worst blow' of Jubilee laid bare Mr Holmes said Charles "would have the knowledge", adding that Charles "wouldn't be frightened to face-off to Boris". In regards to Charles' suspected comments, Ms Bond claimed that she doesn't think Charles would be "too unhappy" that his "appalling policy" comments were leaked. At the time that Charles' suspected comments came to light, a Clarence House spokesman said: “We would not comment on supposed anonymous private conversations with the Prince of Wales, except to restate that he remains politically neutral. Matters of policy are decisions for Government.” DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan stuck in 'stalemate' with royals [INSIGHT]Meghan's comments on Kate 'really damaging' for Harry and William [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'thinking of relinquishing title' - claim [VIDEO] Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall recently embarked on a royal tour to Rwanda. He became the first member of the royal family to visit the country. READ NEXT: