Eddie Hearn has heard that the rescheduled fight between Jake Paul and Tommy Fury is set to take place on August 13, the Matchroom Boxing promoter has revealed. The pair were set to exchange blows in December last year but Fury was forced to pull out. Fury, the younger half-brother of two-time heavyweight champion Tyson Fury, missed the fight due to a chest infection and a broken rib. YouTuber-turned-boxer Paul ended up knocking out replacement Tyron Woodley. Both fighters have been desperate for a bout and have continued to talk up hopes of a rescheduled date. Hearn has now appeared to give away the details of when the rivals will meet in the ring. The 42-year-old described both boxers as ‘limited’ but hopes that the fight will be competitive. Paul has a 5-0 professional record after pursuing professional boxing, while the 23-year-old Fury is 8-0. READ MORE: Joshua team member set up Garcia link after secret UK sessions “I don't represent them, but I hear that fight [Paul vs Fury] is happening August 13, so you might see it. Both are very limited, but as long as it's a competitive fight, it doesn't really matter,” Hearn told TalkSPORT. Paul turned professional in 2018 and Hearn believes his impact on boxing has been positive. However, he added that he cannot wait for someone to ‘chin’ the charismatic American. “Jake Paul is a strange one, but I like what he's doing for boxing. I did Amanda Serrano vs Katie Taylor with him and it was great fun, it was a big success. DON'T MISS...Canelo ridiculed by world champion he had threatened for conferenceKyrgios keen to fight Tomic in boxing match as war of words continuesFury would come out of 'retirement' for two fights says Top Rank boss “He's putting the work in and he's not terrible. But it'll be a pleasant day when someone chins him.” Fury pulled out of the original date two weeks before he was set to fight Paul. He complained of a chest infection and a broken rib, and feared the fight would not go ahead. In a video message put out to social media, the ex-Love Island star told fans: "I am absolutely heartbroken that I have been forced to withdraw from my fight with Jake Paul due to a bacterial chest infection and broken rib. The beginning of my camp was going so incredibly and I never expected anything to come in my way from a victory on December 18. "I can't express how disappointed I am and I really do hope we can get this fight rescheduled in the new year. I want this fight to happen more than anything. I'm now regretfully putting my focus on recovery and a further reschedule date."