Nail polish is quick drying and deeply pigmented, making it notoriously difficult to remove from household surfaces. While nail polish remover is one way to lift it off of hard-wearing items, it can be far too strong for some painted materials and delicate fabrics. Luckily there are a few natural alternatives that are gentle yet effective on this stubborn stain, and these are the best remedies to use on flooring and fabrics around your property. Nail polish remover may be the first thing you reach for once you spot a spillage, but the acetone liquid could actually do more harm than good to some surfaces. While the pungent substance is great at lifting this colourful cosmetic product from nails, it should be used carefully on dyed, fibre-rich fabrics and floors. Leather, hardwood and upholstery are all at risk of long-term damage if you use the wrong cleaning ingredients, so what exactly should be used to banish polish stains from your home? READ MORE:Family squeezed into tiny flat full of mould are ‘living nightmare’ Hard flooring such as laminate, real wood or even tiles can all be treated with sugar grains to banish colourful spills.Simply sprinkle sugar all over the stain while it is still wet for the best results. The sugar will make the nail polish clump so you can sweep or vacuum it off the floor with no scrubbing required. Wipe the area clean to remove every last grain of sugar to prevent ants or other creepy crawlies from making a bee-line for your home. Essentially, you just need a crystalized substance that can soak up the varnish - so baking soda would work well here too. If you’re too late to catch the stain while it is fresh, you may need to scrape the substance away before wiping it from the floor. You can try to use your fingers or a blunt butter knife to do this, though you should take care not to scratch your flooring with the serrated edge. Ceramic tiles will respond well to nail varnish remover containing acetone as long as it is quickly wiped over rather than left to seep into the flooring. Simply scrub the polish spill with your remover and dry the area then wash with water or a good tile cleaner a couple of times to ensure there isn’t any lingering chemical. Stone tiles and other more sensitive flooring should be washed using a soft-bristled brush with a solution of washing powder or detergent and water. Rinse the area and leave it to dry. DON'T MISS:‘Easy way’ to remove yellow stains from white laundry [INSIGHT]10p hack to remove tea cup stains ‘in minutes’ with ‘no scrubbing’ [REVEAL]Mrs Hinch fans share hack for removing tea and coffee stains from mugs [ANALYSIS] Upholstered furniture is not easy to wash, so you will need to respond quickly to spills and stains on velvet or upholstered surfaces. Dried-on polish is harder to remove from sensitive fabrics, though a mild dish soap and a little water should do the trick. Create a diluted solution of dish soap and water in a ratio of one to four, and dip a white cloth into it. Slowly dab it on the stain, turning the cloth over to keep the clean side touching the fabric. For more stubborn polish stains, use a toothbrush to gently work at the stain, using a clean section of the white cloth to remove the coloured debris and soak up excess moisture. Allow to air dry, then brush the nap of the fabric in the opposite direction.  The same method can be used on carpets too. For leather surfaces, you should start by removing any access polish with a blunt knife or spatula. If you have only noticed the polish after it has already dried, push down the surface of the leather and peel off the excess polish using your fingernail. For the cleansing solution, mix white vinegar and olive oil (one part white vinegar and two parts olive oil) and dip an old toothbrush into the mixture. Scrub the mixture gently onto the stain until it begins to flake off. Wipe clean with some more white vinegar to condition the fabric at the same time.