In a tense exchange over royalty, royal commentator Andrew Pierce and Daily Mirror’s associate editor Kevin Maguire disagreed on the number of viewers who will be watching the Jubilee Platinum celebrations over the four-day holiday weekend. This long holiday weekend will see a series of celebratory events, including the traditional birthday parade at Buckingham Palace to celebrate the Queen’s 70-year reign. Members of the Royal Family will attend the ceremony, with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle coming all the way from the US to mark the occasion. On Sky News, Andrew Pierce kicked off the debate: "And Kevin might not like it, but the estimate is one billion people will be tuning in on TV worldwide to watch the celebration. "They wouldn’t do that for the Queen of Spain, do that for the Queen of Sweden. "They certainly wouldn’t do that for Keir Starmer and the Labour Party or the President of the United Kingdom. No way. "She’s a living embodiment of British pageantry at its best." Nr Maguire retorted: "Andrew, you know that’s a made-up figure – one billion. Mr Pierce interjected: "No, no." The political editor dismissed Mr Pierce, saying: "Anyways that’s a made-up figure." "My objection isn’t to hers as a person or most of them as people. "I may make an exception with Andrew after that £12million sex settlement." Mr Pierce jumped in, saying in irony: "Prince Andrew, not me." READ MORE: Calls for Scottish Republic erupt as Jubilee begins  Mr Maguire continued: "It’s the idea of a hereditary institution as head of state do not get a say. "There’s no meritocracy in it, there’s no equality in it, not any quality in it. "It’s all there to try and stop change. And in a way, she gleaned establishment respectability to inequality and unfairness." The Sky News presenter then said: "You’re going to get a few over the bank holiday weekend." Mr Pierce added: "He is. He’s completely graceless, isn’t he? – and tone-deaf. "It’s a remarkable milestone in the life of anybody. We’re never going to get a Platinum Jubilee again." DON'T MISS: Levin blasts Meghan and Harry's Jubilee stint 'Help Netflix career' [REPORT]RAF pilot outlines exact minute RAF Flypast will be over Palace [REPORT]Jubilee LIVE: Celebrations across Britain as Meghan and Harry return [LIVE] "It will be probably decades before there’s another jubilee. She’s done 70 years. "She was 21, she pledged her life and that’s exactly what she’s given – she’s given her heart t this job, she’s given her country to this job." Queen Elizabeth II ascended the throne at the death of her father, King George VI, on February 6, 1952. This is the Queen’s first jubilee without her husband, Prince Philip, who died in 2021. 