On Thursday, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made their first public appearance in the UK since they stepped down from their senior positions in the Firm in 2020. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were spotted in the windows of the Buckingham Palace balcony during Trooping the Colour — Queen Elizabeth II's birthday parade. Speaking on GB News, biographer Tom Bower reacted to Meghan's presence at the celebrations. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Mr Bower said: "I thought it was extraordinary how she thrusted herself at the window. with her oversized hat and a big smile and lowered the window of of the car so she could be seen. "Here is this woman who hasn't apologised for all the lies she told on Oprah Winfrey and all the terrible, terrible trouble she's caused the Royal Family. "Not least, the racist allegations." He added: "She just comes over here to promote herself". READ MORE: Meghan Markle was 'told off' by Prince Harry for major Trooping the Colour error "The one good thing, I do think that is terribly shame, that the Queen can't go to St Paul's [on Friday]. "But it does mean that Netflix can't get the pan from Meghan to the Queen. "That's cut out now," Meghan was last week accused of another "self-promoting" act in which she visited the fatal scene in Texas to pay respects to victims of the tragic school shooting. Pictures were captured of the 40-year-old laying flowers down at the scene. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte refuses to hold William's hand as young royal beams on balcony Sky News Australia host Piers Morgan said that he would find it "unbelievably distasteful" if she had flown all the way in to Texas from California - only for this moment to be filmed by Netflix. Just six months after stepping down as senior royals, Meghan and Harry signed a multi-million contract with the streaming service Netflix in September 2020. As of June 2022, the pair are yet to release any content. However, last month, Page Six broke the news that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are working on an "at-home" style docuseries on Netflix. DON'T MISS Queen 'won't allow' Meghan and Harry to publish photos - claim [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan facing Spotify 'pressure' to break 'promise to Queen' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle 'will only curtsy to the Queen' at Jubilee - claim [VIDEO] The Sussexes were followed by Netflix cameras when they went to the Netherlands in April for the Invictus Games. Netflix is making a documentary about it called “Heart of Invictus.” For the pending "docuseries", the cameras have been allowed behind the scenes at their home in Montecito, California, and they also joined the couple on their trip to NYC last September.