Emergency services were called to the house in Sefton Terrace at 12.11pm, following reports the house had collapsed. An 18-year-old man was airlifted to Royal Preston Hospital suffering major trauma while a woman was taken to Royal Blackburn hospital for assessment. The explosion is believed to have affected other properties in the area. Emergency services are advising members of the public to stay away. A spokesperson for North West Ambulance said: "Two ambulances, an advanced paramedic, an air ambulance and an operational commander attended an incident following a 999 call at 12.11. "We’ve conveyed two patients to hospital. An 18-year-old man has been airlifted to Royal Preston Hospital suffering major trauma. A female patient was taken to the Royal Blackburn [Hospital] for assessment." Resident's reported hearing a loud bang and scrapping noises, something which Sarah Jones, 19, believes were the windows coming off of the property. She said: “I came out and I just saw black smoke everywhere. I know the family who live there well and when I came outside their relatives were there. “I asked if anyone was in there and they said the girl was. She’s 17. “Neighbours got a ladder and were climbing up to the top two windows but then they realised she wasn’t upstairs, she was in the front room and had gone through into the cellar, through the floor. She was covered in rubble and her relative had to pull her out from under everything. “We brought her across to my house and she said she didn’t think she was injured, she was more worried about how her mum was going to react. “She is very, very lucky.” Ms Jones lives opposite the end-ofterrace house.     Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service issued updates about the incident via Twitter. It said: “We're currently dealing with an explosion in a house on Sefton Terrace, Burnley. One person has been rescued by neighbours and taken to hospital. “Please avoid the area around Sefton Terrace and Piccadilly Road.” It added: “We have three fire engines and our urban search and rescue team at the scene. “We're working with the other emergency services, local authorities and utilities companies to make the scene safe and assess the structure of the property.  READ MORE: Staunch anti-Brexit Remainer wishes to return to UK amid heatwave  “Firefighters at the scene are now using an aerial ladder platform to make the structure of the house safe by removing coping stones from gable end.” Pictures from the scene showed that emergency services had closed the area while firefighters used an aerial ladder to inspect the roof.  A spokesperson for Lancashire Constabulary said: "Please be aware we are currently dealing with a house collapse in Burnley. We were called shortly after midday to Sefton Terrace. Emergency services including police, fire and ambulance are currently at the scene and several properties have been evacuated. "We are now asking people to avoid the area, especially around Piccadilly Road and Sefton Terrace, and for motorists to find alternatives routes where possible."  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle 'hoped to reconcile with Kate' for children to bond [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Putin activates '50 sleeper agents' in attacks on UK [LIVE]'No illusions!' Putin 'threatened' Gordon Brown during Moscow visit [REPORT]  A spokesman for gas emergency service Cadent said: “There is a multi-agency response to the incident in Sefton Terrace, Burnley, and our teams are assisting as Lancashire’s gas emergency service. “We will make sure everything associated with gas is safe. “It is too early to speculate on the cause. Our thoughts are with everyone impacted.”  Northern Railways reported that due to the explosion near Burnley Manchester Road trains running through that station would be cancelled or delayed. It said: "Due to a gas explosion near the railway, train services are unable to run between Burnley Manchester Road and Todmorden/Hebden Bridge. "Emergency Response staff have requested that all train traffic stops through the area. Network Rail staff are en-route, once on-site we will be able to provide more information." Disruption was expected until 5.00pm.  