Lisa Riley has stunned fans over the years with her incredible weight loss transformation. The ITV star, who recently announced she would be returning to Emmerdale as Mandy Dingle, has lost a whopping 12 stone over the years, going from a dress size 28 to a 12 or a 14. But how did she do it? The actress revealed her new look was all down to exercising, swapping to a healthy diet and cutting out alcohol. She previously told the Loose Women panel in 2016: "Doing Strictly kick started my metabolism. "I saw a difference dancing seven hours a day and then I just ate soup as I didn’t want all that food jiggling around while I danced. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "It’s hard for me to see my reflection now. "I used to have a shelf from here to here and where’s that gone?" She added: "It is insane. I looked so different before. "I was happy before but now I am happy and proud. I needed to do it though. Who knows though. People can yo-yo diet." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Lisa now opts for "smaller portions" of food so she doesn't over-eat and stays away from "quick-fix" diet trends. "I don’t believe in fad diets, even though I have tried them before," she said. "I have no food after 6.30pm. "I've been going to Zumba classes which is fun," she added, revealing she finds the gym "boring". "I only eat a carb if I need one and absolutely no bread or booze." Lisa revealed she decided to stop drinking alcohol for initially nine months alongside her pregnant friends. She explained: "All my girlfriends gave up booze for nine months while they were pregnant, so I thought I'd do nine months, but it's nearly a year now and I don't even want a drink." As a result of giving up the booze, Lisa went on to lose 10 stone. She went from a size 30 to a size 14-16, but she said she isn’t afraid to treat herself to her favourite foods once in a while "I still eat chocolate if I want it and don’t feel guilty," she said.