Travel is back in swing this year and whether you plan on visiting a new city or seeing friends, there’s no better time to take a trip to Europe. Now, IHG Hotel & Resorts have launched a massive sale and travellers can bag bargain stays on some of its top hotels. Planning a trip and wondering what hotel to stay at can be one of the most time-consuming parts of travelling. Luckily, IHG Hotels & Resorts is helping travellers this summer find the best deal and has just launched a massive sale where they can book top hotels for low prices. Available now, travellers can save up to 25 percent off with IHG’s Book Early and Save rate, which is valid on over 700 hotels across Europe. From luxury resorts to budget hotels, IHG Hotels & Resorts is home to nine hotel brands including the UK’s most loved hotel chain, Holiday Inn, Regent Hotels, Crowne Plaza hotels and more, so this sale is perfect for all trips. Whether you want to enjoy a sunny beach holiday in Spain, Greece or Italy, or visit cities like Paris or Rome, there’s plenty of choices available when you book. The perfect summer holiday deal, IHG is also offering guests a special treat where they can get 20 percent off premium rooms with the Elevate Your Stay rate and it's available on two-night stays or more from now until October 1, 2022. It’s the ideal opportunity to finally indulge in a luxury stay with a loved one. The discount is valid on stays from now until January 31, 2023, so its also the perfect time to book summer holidays, school breaks and Christmas getaways. But you need to be quick – the sale is only available until August 3, 2022. Book the hotel sale here. Please note, bookings must be made three days in advance with non-refundable deposit at time of booking. Plus, get even more perks when you join the free IHG one rewards. The membership scheme allows travellers to earn points for reward nights, member rates and offers, late check-out, free WiFi and more, so now is the perfect time to join to get even more offers on your next holiday.