The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been blasted for the extravagant costs for their “tone deaf” tour, which was criticised for its “heavy colonial undertones”. There were protests and calls throughout the eight-day trip to Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas for the royals to pay reparations for slavery and issue a public apology.  This comes as total spending for the royal household for the year 2021-22 has been revealed as £104.2 million, up 17 percent on the year before, with £4.5 million alone allocated to travel. Kate and William travelled by charter jet while their staff were put on scheduled flights, with the tour ranking as the most expensive royal trip for the year. The royal couple were accused of perpetuating images of “colonialism”, particularly in shots of them with the locals. They also had to cancel a visit in Belize due to villagers staging protests over their presence.  However, there have been some positive changes made on royal trips as Prince Charles has pushed for the use of sustainable aviation fuel on their flights, reported Sky News. The Prince of Wales’ own trip to Barbados last December, when it became a republic, cost over £138,000 for flights for him and his staff. The Firm’s money comes mostly from the Sovereign Grant, which made up £86.3million of the £104.2 million they spent last year.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's engagement ring has sweet link to two royals The Grant is funded by a single payment made every year to the Queen to be spent on carrying out official royal duties and upkeep. Sir Michael Stevens, keeper of the Privy Purse, told The Mirror: “The Sovereign Grant shows increased net expenditure at £102.4million, up 17 percent, with the majority of the increased spend coming on the Buckingham Palace reservicing programme, which saw a 41 percent increase in spend to £54.6million. “Looking ahead, with the Sovereign Grant likely to be flat in the next couple of years, inflationary pressures on operating costs and our ability to grow supplementary income likely to be constrained in the short term, we will continue to deliver against our plans and manage these impacts through our own efforts and efficiencies.”  DON'T MISS:Scots turn against independence as more than half reject IndyRef2 [LATEST]Peston: Putin’s invasion ‘nowhere near conclusion’ says expert [INSIGHT]Remoaner Steve Bray returns to Westminster after amplifiers seized [BREXIT] A total of £369million is currently being spent on refurbishing Buckingham Palace with new plumbing, heating and electric cabling. A royal source said they were “confident” they would not go over budget. After a deadline was set last year for certain projects to be completed, scaffolding was able to be removed from the Palace in time for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. 