As Arsenal continue to fret over the future of Bukayo Saka, Mikel Arteta may be feeling a sense of deja vu as the contract saga rumbles onto into the summer transfer window. Only two years ago, the Gunners found themselves in the same position — and it appears Arteta’s warning has fallen on deaf ears once again. Back in June 2020, Arsenal were fighting to convince Saka — the most promising Hale End graduate since Jack Wilshere — to renew his contract amid interest from Europe’s elite. Bayern Munich and Liverpool were watching closely as the teenager, who was 18 at the time, as he mulled over the next step in his career. Arteta reassured the fans that the club were doing their utmost to renew his deal, labelling it an “urgent” priority: “We are trying, as a club, to finalise the deals that are more urgent and are a priority for us,” he told reporters back in June 2020. "The ones you are talking about [Saka and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang] - they are both really important. Not just for now but for the future of the club as well, and if the club has something to announce, they will do it in the right moment.” The following month, Saka put pen to paper on a “long-term contract’, as quoted by the club in the statement announcing the renewal. In truth, it was a three-year deal with the option of a fourth, which hardly gave Arsenal any guarantee of the winger being at the Emirates for the best years of his career. READ MORE: Arsenal star Saka offered Man City transfer advice by Walcott And so it has proved. The club’s attempts to tie down Saka to another new contract have so far proved fruitless, with the 20-year-old understood to be in no rush to make a decision over his future after delaying talks until the end of the season. Manchester City have been linked with a move after being alerted to his potential availability. Arteta has made no attempt to hide his preference to tie down Saka, saying in February: “Obviously, our desire is to keep Bukayo as long as possible, because we are really happy. He is part of our club, our DNA, he is growing, he is maturing. His importance in the team is unquestionable and we want to keep our best talent, that’s for sure.” DON'T MISSArsenal have advantage in Jesus transfer saga as Madrid 'not possible'Arsenal face repeat of past transfer issue as Edu attempts small stepsArsenal confirm first summer signing as 'player for future' arrives Yet, his deal effectively expires in 2024 as Arsenal retain the option of a one-year extension — and with only two years left to run on his current agreement, it is close enough to provide cause for concern that he could walk away on a free transfer in two years' time. Saka has not only broken into the first team under Arteta, he has cemented his place as one of the first names on the teamsheet. His versatility makes him a valuable asset to the squad as he can play on either flank and as a full-back, wing-back or winger, and that adaptability has not gone unnoticed from the likes of Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp.  But the one aspect of his game that has been a huge positive for Arsenal is his influence in the final third. Having appeared in every single Premier League game this season, the youngster impressively scored 11 goals and created seven for his team-mates — no player registered more goal contributions for the Gunners this season. After allowing Saka to run down his deal to the final months last time, the club cannot afford to wait for another season while the England international weighs up his options. Arteta understood just how important clinching his signature was two years ago — and a failure to do so on this occasion could be fatal for the Spaniard's long-term vision at the club.