We all need a little help sometimes, especially when a Wordle puzzle manages to stump us. Indeed, if you're struggling to figure out the answer to Wordle 353 on June 7, then you've come to the right place, because Express Online has put together a selection of spoiler-free hints to help you out. Just head to the bottom of the page for some general Wordle tips and tricks, followed by the latest clues for the June 7 puzzle. Good luck! A word game that has spawned a thousand clones, Wordle will always be the original and best daily brainteaser. The concept is extremely simple, challenging players to figure out a five letter word in just six guesses. To do so you'll need to use the process of elimination to rule out different letters. If, for example, a letter tile turns grey after one of your guesses, you can deduce that this particular letter doesn't feature in today's word. If a tile turns yellow, then the letter is in the word, just not in the right place, while a green tile means the letter is in the word and in the correct position. The aim is to solve each puzzle in as few guesses as possible. You can then share your progress on social media, showing friends, family and random followers exactly how brainy you are. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the following day for a new Wordle to be released. And because the Wordle site tracks your statistics, failure means losing your hard-earned winning streak - something you'll be reminded about every time you login. If you're pretty good at Wordle and want to make things challenging, you can switch to hard mode by visiting the settings menu in the top-right part of the Wordle web page. Or you can check out popular Wordle clone Quordle, where you'll need to guess four words in just nine attempts! Anyway, keep on reading for the latest Wordle hints (spoiler-free) for the June 7 puzzle... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. I also like to use the word 'CRANE' as an opening guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 353 hints and clues for June 7... 1. Wordle 353 starts with the letter F. 2. Wordle 353 contains just one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. What happens when it rains... a lot!