The Government is looking to minimise disruption caused by industrial action by allowing agency staff to be brought in to carry out services. It will give firms the opportunity to continue to operate despite workers walking out. At the moment there are strict legal requirements that prevent companies from hiring new staff to fulfil the duties of those on strike. Up to 80 percent of train services are cancelled this morning with more than 40,000 members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) at Network Rail and 13 train operators taking part in an industrial dispute over pay and working conditions. They will also walk out again on Thursday and on Saturday, forcing millions of Britons to work from home, while leaving GCSE and A level students struggling to get to exams. It is the biggest national rail strike to take place in 30 years. READ MORE ON OUR TRAIN STRIKES LIVE BLOG Vowing action to prevent a repeat of this week, Mr Shapps told Sky News: "We are going to ensure that the law is firmly on the passengers' side." Doing the media rounds, he added while on LBC radio: "We are going to change the law to ensure there can be much more flexibility, the law which is sometimes referred to as agency is actually more about transferability. "That sort of modernisation can be achieved, if we can't get it by agreement with the unions, by changing the law. "And we will change the law in rapid order in the next month or two to ensure that transferable skills are allowed." Mr Shapp's pledge came after rail unions threatened to continue striking until at least Christmas in order to get their demands. RMT general-secretary, Mick Lynch, warned yesterday that he will seek renewed mandates for further strikes from union members. DON'T MISS:WFH staff gloat as commuters face travel misery over rail strikes [REACTION]Boris blasts rail unions for 'harming people they claim to protect' [UPDATE]Train strikes MAPPED: Everywhere in the UK without rail [INSIGHT] He said: "Our campaign will run as long as it needs to run until we get a settlement acceptable to our people. "Whenever we get an offer that is tenable we will put that to our members in a referendum." Asked if the strikes could last for months if a deal is not reached Mr Lynch replied: "I think it will, yes." The Trade Union Congress and the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) have already called on the Government to abandon its plans to change the law. In a joint statement, the two organisations said: "Using agency staff to cover strikes will only prolong the conflict between employers and their staff. Strikes are industrial disputes within a single industry or firm. "Government needs to step up and do the work around resolving industrial disputes rather than inserting a third party in the form of agency workers into a dispute. That does nothing to solve the underlying issues between the company and their staff. "This will only prolong the dispute and inflame tensions. "Negotiations should be the obvious priority, rather than potentially putting the safety of agency workers and company employees at risk."