For far too long pensioners have been treated with callous disregard by our politicians. Images of rich OAPs lavishly living in three-storey Victorian houses, choking up the housing market and benefiting from undue societal privilege has become the picture many on the Left have painted. However, this couldn’t be further from the truth. Pensioner poverty has in fact been rising steadily for many years, with almost a fifth of pensioners in 2019/20 living in poverty. A figure that is likely to worsen following the recent pandemic. And this follows the fact that state pension age has been increased to 66, meaning that approximately 700,000 Britons have been forced to wait another year before they are eligible to receive the state pension. The move likely “doubled poverty rates among 65-year-olds”, according to think tank the Institute for Fiscal Studies. And state pension ages are only set to rise further in the next decade. To make matters worse, pensioners face double taxation on their pension income once the standard personal allowance of £12,570 is reached. How is it fair to pay tax on income that has already been taxed? The injustice doesn’t stop there. The reinstatement of the pensions triple lock by Rishi Sunak has been surprisingly controversial for many champions of “social justice”. The scheme, which was introduced by George Osborne in 2010, ensures that state pensions rise in line with the cost of living. However, following the outrage of the scheme’s suspension last year, its reinstatement is simply righting wrongs; an idea we should all welcome. However, that is far from the case. For Economist and Labour adviser Jim O’Neill, one of the Chancellor’s most prominent critics, has stated that “the constant protection of pensioners seems ludicrous”. Why would protecting pensioners, those who have contributed to the welfare system, be ludicrous? Better still, what does it say about Britain if people who have worked all their lives are continually hard done by our political elite? A government led by the Conservative party for that matter. For a country which was founded on principles like fairness and protecting society’s vulnerable, the idea of taking from people who can’t readily retrain and enter the labour market is unthinkable. And yet that is what outrage over this scheme would suggest. In addition, many have questioned why public sector workers are unlikely to receive the same income adjustment in line with inflation as state pensioners. And while the concerns of many employed in our public sector is legitimate, they forget one key difference. Pensioners tend to spend a larger proportion of their income on essentials such as energy and food. They are more vulnerable to shocks in the market (such as rising fuel prices) than working-age people, as they often lack other ways to supplement their income; a point that was reiterated by the Prime Minister’s official spokesperson. Where does the discrimination end? Many OAPs don’t recognise the Britain they live in now. The country which has always strived for meritocracy, fairness and hard work has turned on those who have made their lives just about that. Now they are told to sell off their houses and see a reduced income in real terms at a time of rising inflation. These people who quite frankly deserve to be looked after. Mr Sunak’s return of the triple lock, which could see pensions rise by 10 per cent in line with inflation, is finally a step in the right direction. This is especially necessary at a time when Tory voters have questioned the party’s allegiance to traditionally Conservative principles. I myself have been critical of many of the Chancellor’s; including the windfall tax, the impending rise in corporation tax and loose fiscal discipline. While there are legitimate concerns over the size of our current welfare state, treating people who have contributed so much to this country with such callous disregard is as immoral as it is un-British. What treatment can younger Britons expect in later life when they themselves are currently saddled with the highest tax burden since the Second World War? Is this really the precedent the likes of Mr Sunak want to set for this country? Work and Pensions Secretary Thérèse Coffey has denied that the return of the triple lock is to curry favour with the Tory’s ageing voter base. And while this is likely to be the case, it is still a necessary step society must take to protect its most vulnerable who have lost so much to the pandemic and now the cost-of-living squeeze.