Tottenham Hotspur could please star man Son Heung-min with an alternative signing if they fail to lure Alessandro Bastoni from Inter Milan this summer. Antonio Conte has identified Bastoni to bolster his Tottenham defence but has other options at the ready if he remains at San Siro. According to Di Marzio, Tottenham sporting director Fabio Paratici has already entered discussions with Inter over a potential deal for the 23-year-old. And Fabrizio Romano claims his agent, Tinti, has now met the Nerrazurri board as they await an official bid. But the initial report states that Tottenham aren't alone in their interest, with Manchester United also searching for a left-sided centre-back. If Conte doesn't get his reunion with Bastoni, part of his 2020-21 Serie A-winning squad, there is one alternative that Son will be delighted about. Ekrem Konur reports that if a deal for the Italy international falls through, Fenerbache's Kim Min-Jae is among the targets on Conte's shortlist. The 25-year-old is Son's South Korea teammate and has earned 40 caps since making his debut in August 2017. JUST IN: Man Utd target Frenkie de Jong's Barcelona locker 'empty' as Red De... Min-Jae joined Fenerbache from Chinese Super League outfit Beijing Guoan last summer, making 40 appearances in all competitions throughout the 2021-22 season. He was ever-present in the Turkish giants' short-lived Europa League and Europa Conference League campaigns. Since moving to Europe, Min-Jae has earned plaudits for his tenaciousness in the tackle and passing ability, two traits that could see him fit in well in Conte's preferred three-at-the-back system. But he isn't the only alternative the Italian head coach will likely have in mind if Bastoni is out of reach ahead of his first full season in north London. READ MORE: Man Utd and Chelsea decide to target PSV star Ibrahim Sangare As part of Romano's update, he stated that Tottenham have also discussed Villarreal's Pau Torres during talks for Giovani Lo Celso. They could allow the Champions League semi-finalists to turn Lo Celso's loan move permanent as part of a deal for the Spaniard. But, like Bastoni, United are understood to be lingering around Torres as well and were close to making a move before Raphael Varane became available last summer. With both clubs also vying to sign Christian Eriksen on a free transfer, hearing their names in the same transfer reports could become familiar ahead of the 2022-23 season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.