Former Formula One racer Johnny Herbert believes that Lewis Hamilton will improve on his difficult start to the season, and that now Mercedes have got their porpoising issues under control they can begin to push on to challenge Red Bull and Ferrari. Hamilton targeted his home circuit of Silverstone as the point where he hopes he can start fighting alongside Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc. When asked if that was Hamilton being realistic and realising where his car is, Herbert told Sky Sports News: “I think so, I think there is a possibility for sure that we are going to see Mercedes get back to those winning ways. “The porpoising issue they had is something that they have got on top of, I am not sure they have fixed it. I don't think anyone is really able to stop it from happening. “Once you get it to a point where you can control it, you can then apply your upgrades and updates because you then have a car that will respond to what you see in a simulator back in the factories. “That is something that when they start to feed through, we are really going to see a more exciting race situation for us because suddenly we are going to have George [Russell] and Lewis [Hamilton] in the mix for race wins, and that’s exactly what we want.” The British Grand Prix at Silverstone will take place on July 3, with races in Azerbaijan and Canada to come first as Hamilton and Mercedes will look to get up to speed. “I'm hoping by Silverstone that we have the car where we need it,” Hamilton said. “At least by then, to be able to fight these guys for the win. That's what I'm working every day for, so that we can fight on home turf and give them the best race that we can. “I know everyone back at the factory is working as hard as they can to continue to make advances with the car, and I have no doubts that we will.” Hamilton is currently sixth in the overall standings, behind his Mercedes team-mate George Russell and 75 points behind leader Verstappen. He will hope his comeback can begin in Baku this weekend, and Herbert is not the only one who believes that Hamilton will improve. "Lewis Hamilton's car has been doing well for the last two Grands Prix,” Emerson Fittipaldi said. “I think he'll continue to be stronger and come back strong in Baku. It will be great to see George Russell challenge Lewis Hamilton throughout the whole year. All the racing fans are watching that closely.”