Sophie Wessex looks amazing today in a Suzannah 'Cora' silk tea dress that costs £1,050. The Earl and Countess of Wessex were all smiles as they posed for a picture with Nicos and Andri Anastasiades, the President and First Lady of Cyprus. Sophie's dress has a V-neck and three-quarter length sleeves with bunched up in frills at the elbows.  The Countess previously wore this dress on her royal tour to the Caribbean earlier this year. The dress is white with a pink and orange circular polka dot print. Sophie's maxi dress shows off her nude stiletto heel shoes on her feet. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's 'closeness to William created a dilemma' with Sussexes Today Sophie tied her hair into a low bun which looked very elegant. For accessories, she wore a simple pair of dangly earrings, a pendant necklace and two bracelets on her right wrist.  On her left hand she could be seen wearing her engagement ring and a sterling silver watch.  For accessories, Sophie could be seen carrying a brown tweed clutch bag. The tan colour perfectly complemented the pink and orange accents on the Countess' dress. Sophie wore minimal makeup today to counter the strong heat in Cyprus.  The Earl and Countess of Wessex arrived in Cyprus on Monday to start their visit to the island and the Sovereign Base Areas of Akrotiri and Dhekelia between Monday June 20, and Wednesday June 22. Last week, the British High Commission announced that during their visit, the couple will celebrate the ties of friendship between the United Kingdom and Cyprus. Both are fellow member states of the Commonwealth, and show support for the British Armed Forces based overseas. The UK is a favourite destination for thousands of Cypriot students when it comes to university study, while Cyprus is the preferred holiday destination for most Britons. Prince Edward said it was a “very great pleasure” to be in Cyprus, and a very important time to be on the island, both for the Queen’s birthday celebrations and to learn more about the “wonderful island, the history and the people of Cyprus”. In addition, he said they want to learn about the many ties between the two countries “and what makes this relationship so special.” 