Nine yellow weather warnings have been put in place across the UK for thunderstorms. The forecaster said it could cause travel disruption, flooding and a "danger to life". It also warned that "some communities might become cut off if roads flood". The Met Office said: "Fast flowing or deep floodwater is possible, causing a danger to life and some communities might become cut off if roads flood. "Flooding of homes and businesses could happen quickly, with damage to some buildings from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds. "Where flooding or lightning strikes occur, there is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services. "Spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. "Power cuts might occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost." The warnings, which come into force from midnight tonight, are in place until 18.00 tomorrow. The severe weather is expected in the east of England, the southwest of England, the northwest of England, east Midlands, London & southeast England, northwest England, Wales, the west Midlands and Yorkshire and the Humber. The Met Office explained: "Thunderstorms and areas of rain are expected to develop over parts of England and Wales during the early hours of Sunday. "Torrential downpours are likely in a few places with parts of the Midlands, East Anglia and southeast England most at risk. "Some places could see 15-20 mm in an hour, and perhaps up to 50 mm before storms fade, and hail may affect a few spots. "These thunderstorms will slowly spread into southern parts of northern England on Sunday morning before easing. "Further south, drier conditions briefly develop on Sunday morning before further showers and thunderstorms develop over some parts of southern England, Wales, the Midlands and East Anglia later. "These may give some heavy downpours with a further 10-20 mm possible in some places." In order to stay safe during the upcoming storms, the Met Office has advised people to "seek shelter if possible." It added: "When you hear thunder you are already within range of where the next ground flash may occur, lightning can strike as far as 10 miles away from the centre of a storm." The forecaster also advised people to take precautions when travelling. It said: "Even moderate rain can reduce your ability to see and be seen. "If heavy downpours are expected, avoid starting your journey until it clears. "If you can, choose main roads, where you are less likely to be exposed to fallen branches and debris and flooding."