Prince and Princess Michael of Kent have been famous royal figures throughout the Queen's reign, and they recently accompanied other Royal Family members at Royal Ascot. But the Prince and Princess may soon play less of an active role in royal life, as reports suggest retirement could be imminent. Prince Michael of Kent is the youngest son of Prince George, Duke of Kent and his wife Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark. Michael was less than two months old when his father was killed in a plane crash in 1942. The Prince's elder siblings include Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, and Princess Alexandra, and he served as a page boy at the wedding of then Princess Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh in 1947. Unlike his elder siblings, Michael is not a working member of the Royal Family, but according to the royal website, he is involved with some 100 charities and organisations. READ MORE: Outrageous claim Kate & William fed up with Meghan  An official announcement of Prince and Princess Michael's retirement is expected soon to coincide with Michael's 80th birthday next month, the Telegraph reported. The Prince is known for his interests in Russia and he has made frequent visits over the years, but he has severed many ties since the Russian invasion of Ukraine earlier this year. Prince Michael returned the Order of Friendship award he was given by the Kremlin, with a statement reading: "I can confirm that HRH Prince Michael of Kent is returning his Russian Order of Friendship. There will be no further comment." The Prince also stepped down as patron of the Russo-British Chamber of Commerce. Michael is a relation of the last Russian Tsar, Nicholas II, through his maternal grandmother and he speaks fluent Russian.  Prince Michael of Kent is the Queen's paternal first cousin, as Michael's father Prince George was the Queen's uncle. Prince George, Duke of Kent, was the fifth child of King George V and Queen Mary. As the grandchild of the Sovereign through the male line, Prince Michael of Kent was eligible for a Prince title and HRH status. DON'T MISS:All the lesser-known royals attending Ascot this week [PICTURES]How Princess Anne gives Kate a run for her money [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry irrelevant! William's 'brutal' Megxit verdict [LIVE]  Prince Michael of Kent married Baroness Marie-Christine von Reibnitz in 1978, and she has since been styled as Her Royal Highness Princess Michael of Kent. Prince Michael was not given a peerage by the Queen such as a Dukedom, so Marie-Christine's title reflects her husband's name. She is also not eligible to be named Princess Marie-Christine as she was not born into the Royal Family. The couple has two children, Lord Frederick Windsor and Lady Gabriella Kingston. 