Cabin crew work long hours, with most of the job spent on their feet caring for passengers, so it's no surprise that a little token of gratitude can go a long way. However, as well as brightening up the flight attendants' day, according to some frequent flyers, passengers might also get to enjoy some additional perks to their journey. In a Reddit forum dedicated to "travel hacks", users revealed the value of giving the crew a thank you present when boarding the plane. A user posting under the name Individualchaotin said: "Bring a small gift for the flight attendants. "Chocolate, doughnuts, Starbucks gift cards. "They will spoil you with snacks and drinks all flight long." READ MORE: easyJet cancels over 40 flights - full list According to US flight attendant Kat Kalami, this is a "simple way" passengers can get a taste of the "royal treatment". In a video shared on the social media platform TikTok, Ms Kalami explained: “If you do this one simple thing on an aircraft I promise you, you will get the royal treatment from the flight attendants. “Being a flight attendant is exhausting. “You're always in different time zones, waking up crazy hours and dealing with angry customers so I promise you the next time you fly if you want special treatment from the flight attendants this is all you have to do.” DON'T MISSTUI chaos as family hit by four cancellations in 48 hours [REPORT]Suitcase packing hacks: How to keep clothes ‘organised’ & ‘save space' [COMMENT]Ryanair flight attendant shares secret 'technique' they use [REVEALED] According to Ms Kalami, the key to “special treatment” is by purchasing a £5 Starbucks gift card for your cabin crew. She added: “It means the world to us when customers give us this." Reddit user Individualchaotin explained this is something they have plenty of experience in doing. The user said: "I fly a lot and I try to bring something. "If you're in first class, you'll get extra pillows, blankets, a mattress, slippers, and pyjamas, your glass is always full, and they'll save your favourite snack for you. "If you're in economy, you might get a first-class meal, free snacks that are usually purchased, free alcoholic drinks, etcetera. It's absolutely worth it." However, the user added that giving tokens of gratitude to cabin crew shouldn't just be about getting free perks for yourself. They explained: "Flight attendants are essential workers who worked through the entire pandemic - or got furloughed - and hardly received any recognition. "Since the beginning of the pandemic, violence against them has risen enormously. We should always thank our flight attendants. "They are away from their families, lonely in hotels, working holidays so we can be with our families."