Fulham and Manchester United have agreed a deal in principle for Andreas Pereira, according to reports in Brazil. The 26-year-old, who enjoyed an unlikely revival under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Old Trafford, is currently on loan at Flamengo but it appears he could be set to move onto a new venture in the coming weeks.  Pereira has scored seven times in 31 outings while on loan back in South America and his form has attracted the interest of several clubs in Europe. However, according to UOL Esporte, it looks like Fulham are set to win the race for the playmaker after striking an agreement with United. Journalist Marcelo Hazan tweeted: "Fulham has made a proposal and has a principle agreement with Manchester United by Andreas Pereira: 10 million euros + 3 million euros in bonuses. "English now try to convince Andreas Pereira, loaned to Flamengo until Thursday (30)." READ MORE: Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings  United scouts in South America were said to be impressed by Pereira towards the end of last season and there was talk he could be handed the chance to turn over a new leaf under Ten Hag. But the club are also wary that they need to clear the decks while raising further cash will also bolster their spending power throughout the summer transfer window. It's been a turbulent ride for Pereira at United following loan spells with Granada, Valencia and Lazio but he has failed to settle at Old Trafford. He has featured just 45 times in a United shirt since graduating through the club's academy in 2014. DON'T MISS MORE UNITED GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsMan Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraWhat Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag told Frenkie de Jong to spark dramatic transfer U-turn Paulo Sousa, who was recently sacked by Flamengo, recently made it clear he'd instructed the club to sign Pereira permanently. “Of all those that we have, I would like this continuity that I have already expressed," he told Lance. "We’ve already spoken to Bruno, but it’s not just up to us, it’s up to the player and the club. "In the game against Catolica, Andreas played an extraordinary game, and now he was decisive." DON'T MISS: Taylor's Transfers - Liverpool clause boost, Arsenal priority deals, Armando Broja view on West Ham offer  Pereira now looks set to decide his own future as he ponders a fresh challenge in the Premier League. United appear to be happy with the proposal they have received from Fulham, although there is a chance Flamengo may also push to secure the permanent services of Pereira. His United contract is still set to run for another year before its expiry in the summer of 2023. Ten Hag is set to welcome the United squad back to Carrington for pre-season training on Monday ahead of the club's tour of the Far East next month.