The incident occurred off Bentham Road shortly before midday today, with emergency services rushing to the scene near Burton in Lonsdale, North Yorkshire. According to the Mirror, Police have now confirmed that two people were killed as a result of the crash. A spokesman for North Yorkshire Police said: "A full investigation is underway into the cause of a helicopter crash near Ingleton. "Two people were sadly killed as a result of the crash. Their families are being supported by specially trained officers." It's also not currently known what caused the crash, which happened near to the Lancashire and Cumbria border. The helicopter is understood to have come down in a field near the Rivers Edge Caravan Park. Resident Ben Slinger, 35, said locals were told there was a pilot and at least one passenger onboard. He said he’d spoken to other locals at the scene who believed police and fire crews were searching for an individual who may have 'bailed out' before the helicopter went down.   He said: “The helicopter was on fire. We heard that the pilot was alive, but one or two other people were missing and may have bailed out of the helicopter before it crashed. “I think police helicopters were searching for somebody. We went for a look as it’s only round the corner and somebody said that.  He said: “The helicopter was on fire. We heard that the pilot was alive, but one or two other people were missing and may have bailed out of the helicopter before it crashed. “I think police helicopters were searching for somebody. We went for a look as it’s only round the corner and somebody said that. The fire crew were searching up and down the fields, and there was a police helicopter with a thermal imaging camera. "It certainly looked like they were looking for somebody. We could see the fire brigade searching the fields."   Ben said his attention was only drawn to the crash when an air ambulance arrived on scene after midday. He said: "I didn’t hear anything. The first I heard was the ambulance. I then had a look round to see what was happening. "We don’t get many helicopters landing round us. I sort of know the person who farms the field. My first concern was something happening to him. "Then I found out it was a helicopter crash, which was a shock."  Fire crews and the Yorkshire Air Ambulance Service attended the crash, with a video from the scene appearing to show it taking off from a field. At least four fire trucks and an air ambulance were at the scene.