Meghan, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, celebrated Lilibet’s first birthday last Saturday during their visit to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Duke and Duchess then published an adorable photograph of Lilibet to mark the occasion, taken during a party for the one-year-old on Windsor grounds. Lilibet has only been photographed once before, appearing on a Christmas card produced by Harry and Meghan last year. Lilibet is held up by Meghan in the family photo, whereas Prince Harry grips three-year-old Archie in a close embrace next to his wife. But in the new photo, little Lilibet bears a striking resemblance to Prince Charles at the same age, a royal expert has told Express.co.uk. Prince Charles, who turned one in November 1949, was snapped in a similar pose to his granddaughter in 2022, Professor Pauline MacLaran of Royal Holloway, University of London, pointed out. The Prince of Wales, 73, penned a joint message with the Duchess of Cornwall to mark the day, writing on Twitter: "Wishing Lilibet a very happy 1st birthday today!" It is thought that the Jubilee celebrations may have been Prince Charles’ first opportunity to meet his youngest grandchild, who was born in the US. A source told the Mirror back in January: "The Prince of Wales has been saddened that he hasn’t had the opportunity to spend time with his grandchildren, which he really does miss." They added: "He is a fantastic grandfather and loves playing the role immensely and it’s certainly fair to say he feels there is something missing from his life without the ability to get to know Harry’s children." READ MORE: Prince Harry tipped for Megxit U-turn – Firm 'going to need him back' The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had not brought Lilibet to the UK in their previous stopovers in London, but the entire Sussex family was gathered in the capital for the Queen’s Jubilee last weekend. Before the family touched down in the UK, a spokesperson said the couple were "excited and honoured" to make the journey back for the festivities. Archie and Lilibet were not seen by the public, with the exception of the specially-published photos of Lilibet. A spokesperson for the couple said the adorable picture of the youngest Sussex was taken by professional photographer and friend to the Sussexes, Misan Harriman. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle suffers 'spectacular decline and fall' in UK [ANALYSIS]Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations ‘worth every single penny!’ [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should Princess Anne be considered for Queen? [VOTE] He attended a birthday celebration for Lilibet on Windsor grounds over the weekend. In a separate photograph taken by Mr Harriman and later posted on his social media, Meghan and Lilibet face the camera alongside Mr Harriman’s family. Meghan and Harry said “incredibly touched by the countless birthday wishes for their daughter”, publicising the picture of Lilibet smiling in a pale blue dress on her birthday. Much like in the photo of Prince Charles, Lilibet shows off a number of baby teeth as she smiles slightly away from the camera. The photo itself was described as “candid” and “spontaneous” at the “casual, intimate” celebration. After the brief trip to the UK, the Sussexes are understood to have returned to their home in California with Archie and Lilibet.