Events marking the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee have drawn some criticism given their timing amid a cost of living crisis. Writer Yasmin Alibhai-Brown claimed in the i that many Britons are “dismayed and incensed by the scale and profligacy” of the celebrations. Anti-Brexit campaigner Femi argued that, because Britons are struggling with costs, the Royal Family should have offered to pay for the occasion “out of our own private fortunes”. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “Can you imagine if the Royal Family said: ‘Because people are literally starving right now, we're going to pay for the PlatinumJubilee out of our own private fortunes and give all the cash that would have been spent on us, to the poorest councils in the UK’? “What a wild gesture!” Many on the platform were quick to hit back, insisting the celebration was value for money and would, in fact, bring more money in. Mark Deaville said Mr Oluwole did not “quite get it”, noting: “We are all celebrating Her Majesty’s 70 years of wonderful service to our country. “Oh and at the same time the Platinum Jubilee is bringing in millions of pounds to the British Economy – small businesses, pubs, restaurants and more. Wake up!” @DomMgy1 added: “They contribute more to the treasury and the economy than they take out, so they effectively do already.” Bow Group Research Fellow Chris Davies also joked: “Here’s a wild gesture. Just once, ease off with the virtue signalling, bile and bias. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'End is near' for 'definitely sick' Putin – US officials “I’ll wait 70 years.” The response prompted Mr Oluwole not to back down but to double down on his stance. He branded those defending the Jubilee celebrations as “rabid royalists” and argued the claim these won’t cost much is just “another argument” for why the Firm should cover the costs. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Chancellor Rishi Sunak last year announced £28million of taxpayers’ money would be set aside for the Jubilee. A picture shared online claimed the celebrations would cost £1billion, equating to £38,000 per household. But Full Fact highlighted the split would actually by roughly £38 per household, and noted it had not “reliable figures” to stand up the £1billion claim. The boost to retail and hospitality during celebrations is itself estimated to be around £6billion. @rhiannonkhan17 responded to Mr Oluwole insisting £28million is “small change” in Government terms. @TheSibleSnipe also jibed: “Just get a job and contribute to society.”