Phil Mickelson has given a diplomatic response to criticism from Rory McIlroy over the American's involvement in the LIV Golf Series. The Saudi-backed event kicked off last week in London with Mickelson making his long-awaited return to the sport. Major players such as Mickelson, Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood faced difficult questions from reporters throughout the event over their decision to participate. But they're set to be joined by Bryson DeChambeau, Patrick Reed and other PGA Tour pros defecting to LIV Golf. Those who are staying loyal to the PGA Tour have been outspoken against their fellow professionals. And none have been more forthright in putting forward their views than McIlroy over the past few weeks. The Northern Irishman successfully defended his Canadian Open title last weekend in an epic showdown with both Tony Finau and Justin Thomas on the final day. But heading into the US Open this week, talk has been dominated by the LIV Golf Series with McIlroy admitting his disappointment in Mickelson's involvement. JUST IN: Phil Mickelson car-crash US Open interview highlights sponsor exodus  "I've been disappointed with how he went about what he's done." said McIlroy. "But I think he's come back and shown some remorse about how he's handled some things. "So I think he's learned from that. And who am I to sit up here and give Phil a lesson on how to do things? I mean, he's had a wonderful career and he's his own man. "He's a great addition to the field this week, so am I disappointed he's taken the route that he's taken? I am but I still respect him tremendously." DON'T MISS  Mickelson opted against retaliating to McIlroy's comment of being "disappointed" about his decision to play in the LIV Golf Series. "I certainly respect Rory," Mickelson said. "I thought what a great finish yesterday and great accomplishment and what a career he has had. "I certainly respect him. I respect his ideas. I respect all the players that choose to stay on the PGA Tour. I certainly think extremely highly of many of the players on the PGA Tour and their right to their own decisions."