Eamonn Holmes, 62, sparked concern as he explained why he has been absent from GB News for the past week, due to hospital treatment. Isabel Webster, 39, his co-presenter has taken to social media to share her support for the former This Morning presenter as he undergoes some "unexpected hospital treatment". Eamonn took to his social media this evening to explain his prolonged absence from GB News, leaving Isabel presenting alone. In response, Isobel penned in view of her 39,700 Twitter followers: "We can’t wait to have you back very soon Eamonn x." Many social media users took to the comments to wish Eamonn well after his "unexpected" treatment. BillyStorey6 said: "Love both of you. Get well soon mr. @EamonnHolmes." (sic) READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning GBNews added: "We hope you feel better soon @EamonnHolmes! "Sending love and best wishes from all of us here at GB News." SarahhewsonTV commented: "Sending you love and strength for a speedy recovery." Eamonn shared an update via social media as his message read: "Hi everyone, Many of you have been asking why I haven’t been presenting GB News for the past week. "Unfortunately, due to a recurrence of a long-term back condition, I’ve had to undergo some unexpected hospital treatment and am now following Doctor’s orders by taking a short time off. "However, I’m looking forward to being back alongside Isabel, my Breakfast co-presenter and friend, next week. "Even though I only joined GB News six months ago the whole team and our amazing audience have shown me immense support which has been greatly appreciated. "I now just need some time with my family to heal and recuperate. See you soon, Eamonn." DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis' wife posts update from Jubilee pageant after accident [CONCERN] Julia Roberts, 54, flashes endless legs in tiny shorts [PICS] Prince Charles 'segregated' Harry and Meghan claims Fern Britton [OPINION] Eamonn recently spoke about his battle with chronic pain, and his wife Ruth Langsford went on to address his remarks on an episode of Loose Women. She explained: "People have asked about [Eamonn's] health because he's had a really rough year this year. "Bulging discs in his back, he hasn't been able to walk properly, it's transferred down his leg and he's really finding it hard to walk." The mum-of-one went on: "He said in this interview, which actually made me feel a bit sad, he said, 'I think my family are a bit fed up with me now.' "He said, 'The kids are a bit embarrassed about how I move around or don't move around, and Ruth's getting a bit fed up with me.'" "I thought, well, I am and I'm not. Do you know what I mean? It's human. "You can't help, but when you're helping someone all the time and they’re very incapacitated it’s hard to be Florence Nightingale all the time." Eamonn has recently undergone various therapy treatments to help deal with his back pain.