The Visit England Awards for Excellence find the best attractions and hospitality venues in England. This year, one exciting attraction took the top spot. Chester Zoo took the number one spot and was ranked as England’s best attraction for 2022 and one guest commented it was better than it's London equivalent. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares classic tourist mistake - 'can't help you' The charity zoo has over 21,000 animals and 500 different species including some of the world’s most endangered. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “An excellent experience, better than London Zoo. The staff were cheerful, friendly and helpful.” Another visitor said: “Lovely zoo with plenty of animals to see. Wide variety of species so there’s something for everyone.” A Visit England spokesperson said: “One of the world’s leading conservation-based charities, Chester Zoo is the most visited zoo in the UK outside of London, making it more than worthy of this first-place win. “A huge team of scientists, animal experts and environmental policy influencers care for 20,000 animals from 500 threatened species, from rhinos to red pandas, all of which you can see at this sprawling site in northwest England. “Visit the Sumatran Orangutans in the Monsoon Rainforest, take a Lazy River Boat trip around the Islands and spot the king of the jungle in the Asiatic Lion habitat – all in a day’s visit.” The world-class museum at Bletchley Park took the silver award in the Visit England attraction rankings. Home to the WW2 codebreakers, Bletchley Park was once Britain’s best kept secret and key to the UK’s success. A visitor said on Tripadvisor: “Excellent, thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Attended with my teenage son and we both loved it.” Another visitor said: “Wonderful place to visit. Well laid out and so informative. You can hear the footsteps of history as you walk around.” The Visit England spokesperson said: “Once the top-secret home of the World War Two Codebreakers, Bletchley Park is now a world-class heritage attraction and museum. “Step back in time as you snoop around restored codebreaking huts and interactive displays to experience the stories of the extraordinary achievements of the men and women who worked here, in the birthplace of modern computing."  Pensthorpe Natural Park in Norfolk took the bronze award and the 700 acre trail is packed with interactive trails and exhibits. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “We had a wonderful family day out and would highly recommend it.” Visit England said the park was “family friendly” and allowed visitors to get close to over 1,000 species of wildlife.