Lucy Verasamy, 41, has taken to Twitter in response to a follower's comment questioning her failure to point out the weather in Scotland and Northern Ireland. Her initial tweet explained that people in England and Wales should be prepared for “searing heat” by the end of the week. The weather presenter warned her 171,700 followers to “be prepared”. She explained that the temperatures would rise above 30 degrees in many areas of England and Wales this week. Lucy wrote: “Searing heat by the end of this week - more than +30C for many areas of England & Wales. “And remember - that’s the temperature in the shade! READ MORE: Carol Vorderman, 61, stuns in very tight-fitting green jumpsuit “Be prepared: sun-hats, (a high spf) suncream, plenty of water.” A number of fans responded to the news with excitement for summery conditions. @Floydingo said: “Only for a day though Lucy !!” @Rowland26019 wrote: “Don't forget your aviator sunglasses!” @Stufalconer then commented and asked why Lucy didn’t report on Scotland and Northern Ireland. The Twitter user said: “I’m very happy for England and Wales (honestly!) “But I presume because you haven’t mentioned Scotland and NI that it’s going to pass us by?” Lucy responded, saying: “Scotland & Northern Ireland feeling much more comfortable so no heads up needed.” DON'T MISS...'With a heavy heart' Monty Don inundated with support over decision [UPDATE]Amanda Holden, 51, lets fans into bedroom moment [PICTURES] Penny Lancaster stuns as she bids sweet farewell to Rod Stewart [INSIGHT] The Twitter user then replied: “Thanks for the reply, Lucy. “Wouldn’t mind some of the uncomfortable weather to be honest!” It comes after the ITV presenter took to social media earlier this week to show fans her trip to the Cotswolds. The meteorologist was snapped posing amid the greenery, as she wrote in the caption: “Swapped the city for the Cotswolds - colourful location for the @itvnews this evening. “Someone said you should spend 20mins in nature a day - and if you’re too busy, an hour. “It’s National Growing for WellBeing week.” Hicksandbrown wrote: “Looking amazing in the Aldeburgh Fedora Lucy.” Pepperseedpr said: “Lovely to see you today Lucy.”