Kate Middleton’s parents Carole and Michael have been married for 42 years today. Carole and Michael Middleton married on June 21, 1980 at the Church of St James in Dorney, Buckinghamshire. But what did Carole’s engagement ring look like? The Duchess of Cambridge's mother has been spotted many times wearing her stunning engagement ring. The jewellery piece is not dissimilar to her daughter, Pippa Middleton's ring from husband James Matthews. Photos of Carole at the Wimbledon Tennis Championship back in 2017 and 2019 gave a close-up look at her stunning rock. It features a square blue stone in the centre surrounded by diamonds.  Although it doesn't have the same coloured stone in the middle, Pippa's ring is also an art deco design. Pippa’s also has a central stone set in a halo of smaller diamonds. Diamond expert David Allen of 77 Diamonds said: "Carole’s ring is inspired by the art deco style of the 1920s and 30s. “Featuring what looks to be a four-carat Asscher cut diamond, it is surrounded by an octagonal surround of round brilliant diamonds to give it that feel of yesteryear.  “Asscher cuts are uniquely clear and require a high clarity. “So if this were of top quality, this would fetch in excess of £200,000." Carole has been pictured wearing her beautiful jewel on her ring finger on numerous occasions over the past few years. However, it may not actually be the original one Michael gave her when he popped the question.  Michael and Carole visited Kate and Prince William at the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital shortly after Prince George was born in 2013. Pictures at the time showed Carole wearing her gold wedding band next to a solitaire diamond. Carole’s switch to a coloured stone may have been inspired by Kate's beautiful sapphire ring. The Duchess of Cambridge’s iconic ring originally belonged to Princess Diana.  Carole met flight dispatcher Michael while she was working as a flight attendant for British Airways. The couple welcomed their first child Kate in 1982, followed by Pippa in 1983 and their son, James, in 1987. They raised the children in a Victorian house in Bradfield Southend near Reading, Berkshire. Michael and Carole Middleton will be celebrating their 42nd wedding anniversary today, which coincides with Prince William’s 40th birthday. 