Queen Elizabeth II’s reign will be celebrated at St Paul’s Cathedral on Friday as part of a four-day bank holiday to mark the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee. A Service of Thanksgiving will be held at 11.30am and is expected to be the largest gathering of the Royal Family since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding four years ago. The Great Paul, the largest church bell in the country, will be rung for the Service — marking the first time it has been rung for a royal occasion since the Seventies. ** Pick up your historic collector's edition OK! Magazine Platinum Jubilee Special - in all good newsagents and online now for just £9.99 ** Elizabeth is the longest-serving British monarch, having ascended the throne in 1952 at the age of just 25. For the majority of her reign, she had her husband and loyal consort, Prince Philip, by her side, the pair having first met during her family’s visit to Dartmouth Naval College in 1939 when the then-Prince of Greece was the cadet assigned to look after Elizabeth and her younger sister, Princess Margaret. According to a royal documentary, Elizabeth and Philip’s romance began soon after their first encounter, and the future Queen was reportedly “impressed” by the young cadet’s risky gesture at the end of the royal visit. As King George VI, Queen Elizabeth (the Queen Mother) and Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret left the harbour on a royal yacht, they were chased by the group of cadets, which included Philip. But the future Duke of Edinburgh wanted to make a lasting impression on Elizabeth, so rowed out further than the other cadets. Lady Myra Butter, Philip’s cousin, told the 2018 Channel 5 documentary, ‘Elizabeth: Our Queen’: “When they [the Royal Family] left, he [Philip] got in a little boat and rowed out to sort of wave goodbye, which was quite a prank. “And, I should imagine, rather frowned upon by the authorities, but that, I think, would have impressed her. “She would have thought it was enormous fun. And I think she must have seen something then, actually.” Commander Michael Vaughan, who was a cadet at the naval college at the time, said: “On the last night there, they gave a dinner party for a group of senior cadets — I should think probably 20 of them. “And Prince Philip, of course, is one of those.” “As the Victoria and Albert [the royal yacht] prepared to leave harbour, we’d all been told to get into these boats. “And we all rowed downstream and followed in the wake of the V&A until she cleared the harbour. “And then off she went because we couldn’t row as fast as she could steam.” Following Philip’s memorable goodbye to the princess, the rumours about their romance started circulating. Commander Vaughan said: “The rumours then started. Everyone said: ‘Oh yes, they fell in love. And they’re writing to each other.’ “Well, I’m not quite sure how firm the intelligence was about these things, but that’s what we all thought.” The intelligence was right — the young couple wrote love letters to each other throughout the Forties, before their Royal Wedding in 1947. Their marriage took place just two years after the end of World War 2, in which Philip had served as a Naval Officer. Philip had to give up his titles and place in the line of succession to the Greek throne, and was later naturalised as a British citizen, becoming Philip Mountbatten. On the morning of their wedding, the title of Duke of Edinburgh was bestowed upon him. Six years later, Elizabeth became Queen following the sudden death of her father. During her coronation in June 1953, Philip swore allegiance to his wife, vowing that he would be her "liege man of life and limb." The Duke stayed true to his vow until his death in April last year. In her annual Christmas speech, the Queen paid emotional tribute to her “beloved Philip”, saying: "He has quite simply been my strength and stay all these years and I and his whole family and this and many other countries owe him a debt greater than he would ever claim or we shall ever know.”