Launched last week, the online checker shows people who pay tax through PAYE, personalised estimates of their take home pay every month. The figure shown will be what a worker receives after the National Insurance threshold rises from £9,880 to £12,570 on July 6. The online calculator will also show the amount of National Insurance that the person pays for from July 2022 to June 2023 and will compare it to how much they would pay from July 2022 and June 2023. When announcing the move in his Spring Statement this year, the Chancellor claimed that it would give people an extra £330 a year. To find out people will need to go to the GOV.co.uk’s cost of living page and enter their annual salary. Once done, the calculator will then show three figures. One is an estimate of what a person used to pay, another is an estimate of what they would now pay, and the third is an estimate of the savings that they will make. READ MORE: Inheritance warning as Britons shell out £100,000 unnecessarily   People don’t pay National Insurance if they are under the age of 16 or employees who have reached state pension age. Those who are self-employed pay National Insurance differently, as they are responsible for working out how much they owe which will either be Class 2 National Insurance or Class 4 National Insurance. National insurance is used to pay for things such as state pension, statutory sick pay, maternity leave, and a number of state benefits. The Chancellor announced in September last year that the rate people in the UK would pay was set to increase by 1.25 percentage points. This took the rate from 12 percent to 13.25 percent. READ MORE: Dave Ramsey suggests how widow who 'can't afford to eat' can get by The Government stated that the increase was going to fund the NHS and would turn into a separate tax later on called the Health and Social Care Levy. Each year the levy is expected to raise around £12billion for the Government. Over the next three years, the Department for Health and Social Care expects the levy to provide nearly £40billion of funding for the NHS. Alongside the online tool, the Treasury also launched a New Financial Support and Benefits Checker Tool. This tool asks a person 10 questions and cross-checks the answers against individual benefits and support offers. The financial support that people will be shown includes childcare support, Job Seeker’s Allowance, budgeting loans and housing benefit. More benefits will be added to the tool in the coming month.