Forward Richarlison and centre-back Cristian Romero could potentially have an awkward reunion if the Brazilian attacker joins the Argentine at Tottenham - with the South American rivals having a series of run-ins on and off the pitch in recent weeks. Everton's prized asset is likely to move on this summer given that his side finished 16th in the Premier League last season, with a whole host of Champions League teams reportedly interested in his signature. Barcelona, Paris Saint-Germain and Chelsea have all been linked in the past, although it appears Spurs have taken the lead in the race for his signature according to The Athletic. Advanced talks are reportedly being held for a £51million move to north London, although it remains to be seen if a deal can be done. But if a move does come to fruition, there could be an awkward reunion at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium given Richarlison and Romero's past. Richarlison started the feud by taking to social media to post a wind-up message after Brazil's World Cup qualifier against Argentina in September, which was brought to a halt in farcical circumstances after just seven minutes by ANVISA over health concerns due to COVID-19. The game was cancelled, and Argentina's English-residing players were sent back home - much to the amusement of the Everton star, who tweeted: "Anvisa 1-0 Argentina." But the former Juventus man got his revenge just months later after his side beat Everton 5-0 in March. Having annihilated the Toffees, Romero posted a photo to his Instagram of him getting booked for a thunderous tackle on Richarlison which left him in a heap on the floor, mocking the former Watford star. This was to spell the end of their squabble given that the pair have not played against each other since. But if Richarlison does make the switch from Merseyside to north London, Spurs fans will be hoping that they can make up to secure yet another top four finish. The Fluminense graduate cryptically hinted that his future may well lie away from Goodison Park ahead of the new season. "When we talk about changing clubs it's a little bit complicated, due to the history I have there at Everton," he said. "The fans like me a lot. And when there are these talks about changing clubs, I feel like I don't have anything to say. But I made myself clear to the board, I have talked with Frank Lampard as well. He knows what I want." Tottenham have already completed the signings of Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic so far this summer.