Dandruff is easy to spot, with the white, oily flakes often noticeable on both your hair and shoulders. Itchiness and irritation on your head can also be a tell-tale sign you’re suffering from this frustrating condition, and there are several reasons why it might be happening. The way you wash, brush and care for your hair can all impact the state of your scalp, but what exactly can you do to control your dandruff? These are the best home remedies to try at home. Stopping those annoying white flakes from falling on your shoulders is easy to do using a range of natural ingredients. Creamy fruits and naturally acidic products provide balance and moisture to keep your scalp healthy, and there are plenty of easy solutions you can mix them into for a quick fix. Ripe green avocados are packed with antioxidants that provide some much-needed nourishment for an irritated and dry scalp. This flavoursome fruit can be scooped out of its skin and mashed up with two bananas to create a conditioning hair mask. Just combine the ingredients until thick and gloopy, and apply all over your scalp. Leave the fruity mask to sit for at least 30 minutes before rinsing with cold water. READ MORE: Don’t panic! Fears of monkeypox infections ‘likely’ just chickenpox Tea tree oil comes from the leaves of the native Australian Myrtle Tree and is packed with antifungal, antibacterial and even anti-inflammatory properties. This fresh-smelling ingredient is perfect for stopping dandruff in its tracks by healing the scalp and soothing irritation. To make your anti-dandruff solution, mix three drops of the fragrant oil with one tablespoon of pure olive oil. Use the hydrating liquid to massage your scalp before rinsing with water. Wash your hair with a hydrating shampoo afterwards to remove all traces of the oil from your roots, or else you may be left with greasy strands.  Apple cider vinegar is a natural anti-inflammatory and is packed with probiotics. This acidic liquid can kill the viruses and yeast that cause itchiness on the skin, as well as soothing irritation caused by dandruff. All you need for this rinsing solution is half a cup of apple cider vinegar and half a cup of water combined. Pour the liquid into an empty bottle and dispense some directly onto your scalp. Massage the liquid well and leave it for 15 minutes to get to work. Rinse with cold water and repeat regularly for a few days to reap the benefits of a flake-free scalp. Not only will this vinegar rinse provide fast relief from irritation, but it will also help to prevent further bacteria and fungus from growing on your scalp thanks to its high acidity. DON'T MISS:Dementia: The feeling that can precede a diagnosis by 10 years [INSIGHT]Shingles: How to ease symptoms at home - run an oat bath [REVEAL]Chickenpox symptoms: Can you have chickenpox without spots? [ANALYSIS] Known for its citrus scent, lemon juice is a great natural antiseptic which can improve an itchy, dry head in an instant. Much like apple cider vinegar, the acidity in lemon juice works by adjusting the pH level of your scalp and banishing unwanted dandruff. Squeeze the juice from a fresh lemon and mix with a few drops of water to create a diluted solution. Pour onto your scalp and massage well into your hair, allowing five minutes for the solution to sit. Repeat this daily to keep itchiness at bay and maintain a balanced pH level on your scalp. While this powdery white ingredient is best known as a raising agent, it can have an impressive impact on your scalp, too. The substance removes excess oils produced by the scalp, washing off the extra grease, which can contribute to dandruff. For the solution to be effective on your hair, it is best to mix the ingredient into a paste using water. Two tablespoons of baking soda should be enough, with as much water as you need to reach a thick yet spreadable consistency. Luxy Hair said: “For best results, part your hair in sections and apply a few drops of olive oil before spreading the paste on your scalp, and let it sit for five to 10 minutes.” Rinse your hair thoroughly to remove the mixture and reveal a soothed, dandruff-free scalp.