Rod Stewart delivered a much-talked-about performance at the pop concert forming part of the wide-ranging Platinum Jubilee celebrations, delighting royal watchers in the show outside Buckingham Palace. His rendition of ‘Sweet Caroline’ was chosen as a tribute to the Queen by the audience of BBC Radio 2, but it appears it would not have been Sir Rod’s choice, with the musician introducing the track by announcing: “This isn't a fun one to sing but the BBC made me sing it. Make it fun for me." But the guests of honour appeared to enjoy the act — Prince William and his son Prince George were seen singing along, while Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall eagerly waved their Union Jack flags. Among the royal attendees at Saturday’s star-studded event were Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank, Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, Zara and Mike Tindall and Princess Anne and Sir Timothy Laurence. However, notably, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who travelled across the pond to join the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, were not present. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said they were spending the day privately. Their daughter, Lilibet Diana, celebrated her first birthday on Saturday, and the couple reportedly threw a party for her. Meghan and Harry made their first official public appearance since leaving the royal fold on Friday, when they attended the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen at St Paul’s Cathedral. As the couple arrived, they were greeted by boos as well as cheers from onlookers lined up outside the cathedral. Sir Rod has previously hit out at the couple, who stepped down from the Firm in 2020. Shortly before their exit, the singer blasted Meghan and Harry for skipping Christmas in Sandringham. In December 2019, he said: “The Queen is 93. I flew round the world to be with my mum and dad at Christmas because I knew they didn’t have many left. “I was disappointed Harry and Meghan decided not to spend Christmas with the Queen. “If I was Harry, I’d think there was plenty of time in the future to have Christmases on my own or with Meghan’s mum.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex chose to spend the festive season in Canada with Meghan’s mother, Doria Ragland. A spokesperson for the couple said at the time: "The Duke and Duchess are looking forward to extended family time towards the end of this month. "Having spent the last two Christmases at Sandringham, their Royal Highnesses will spend the holidays this year, as a new family, with the Duchess' mother Doria Ragland." Upon their return to the UK in January 2020, the Sussexes announced that they would be stepping down from their roles as senior royals. They later relocated to the US and have since forged new lives in California with their two children — three-year-old Archie Harrison and Lili. The couple returned with their family for the first time this week to mark the Queen’s Jubilee. Ahead of their return, there had been suggestions that Meghan and Harry would be a distraction at the Jubilee and could overshadow the monarch and her achievement. There had even been fears that the couple would be accompanied by a Netflix film crew, who have reportedly been following the Sussexes over the past few months for an “at-home style” documentary series. However, it was later confirmed that they would not be filming for their docuseries. Instead, the couple have maintained a low-profile throughout the weekend, in keeping with the Queen’s wishes. It remains unknown whether Meghan and Harry will make an appearance during the final events of the weekend. The Platinum Jubilee Pageant will close the Platinum Jubilee celebrations on Sunday afternoon.