British tourists have faced chaotic scenes as they try to jet away for a half-term break. Staff shortages have led to lengthy delays and flight cancellations from British Airways, easyJet, Wizz Air and TUI. READ MORE: Brits will have to PAY to visit Europe - How much and from when? Wizz Air said it had taken the decision to cancel flights from Doncaster Sheffield from June 10 onwards. Impacted routes LanzaroteMalagaAlicanteFuerteventura (winter schedule)LarnacaPalma de MallorcaTenerifeDalamanFaroKosice (winter schedule)Gran Canaria (winter schedule)Riga (winter schedule)Lublin (winter schedule) The budget carrier said: “It is with deep regret that we have had to take the difficult but responsible decision to cancel a large number of Wizz Air flights to/from Doncaster Sheffield Airport from June 10, 2022. “Passengers with bookings affected by this will be contacted via email today with advice on all their options, which include: rebooking, a full refund, or 120 percent off the original fare in airline credit. “This decision is unfortunately a result of Doncaster Sheffield Airport indicating that it is unable to guarantee the terms of its commercial agreement with Wizz Air. “Our priority is to minimise the overall disruption to our UK customers and protect the employment of our crew. “As such, Doncaster Sheffield Airport pilots and cabin crew have today received notification of this news, and have been offered the opportunity to fly out of another base in the UK. “Given the current challenging operational environment in the travel industry, in particular with staff shortages within air traffic control and at airports, this decision also stabilises our operations at other UK bases to help minimise disruption and delay as much as possible. “Despite unprecedented difficulties in the travel industry over the past two years, Wizz Air remains committed to long-term growth in the UK, creating hundreds of direct jobs while also stimulating the tourism and hospitality industries. We sincerely apologise to our customers in Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire and Lincolnshire for the inconvenience this has caused.” Many of the current aviation issues are caused by critical staff shortages as the industry picks up after the pandemic. Some aviation experts have said Brexit has played a part due to the lack of available European workers.