Comedian Freddy Quinne and star of Peckham's Finest Queen Mojo were invited onto Wednesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain where they locked horns over Emma Thompson wearing a fat suit to portray terrifying headteacher Miss Trunchall. Host Ranvir Singh clapped back at Queen Mojo by asking her what an overweight actress could bring to that role that Emma Thompson cannot. Ranvir began: "In Miss Trunchbull's case, her being that size is a sort of caricature, it's not really part of the story, it's just a caricature."So what would an overweight plus size actress bring to that role that Emma Thompson can't just for the sake of being overweight?"Queen Mojo told the broadcaster being overweight was not "just something which happens to you".She continued: "Alison Hammond mentioned it herself that obesity is sometimes something that people struggle with." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes in candid admission over family concerns "Binge eating is also something that people struggle with so when you're playing that role of Miss Trunchbull, yes, she is big and she's got this extra weight on her, but also you are not carrying the pain of the reason why she is big." Ranvir wanted to hear Freddy's views as he was seen putting his hands over his face and shaking his head. He told viewers: "I am absolutely blown away by this response, to be honest. "First of all, I am an obese man myself so I feel like I can talk freely on this."  The comic exclaimed: "Look, in Harry Potter films actors play wizards and yet for some reason the role of being fat is just too nuanced to capture." Earlier on in the interview, Queen Mojo argued some actors cannot replicate a plus-size person's "beautiful energy" which they bring into a room. She added: "Why are fat people's bodies not as important to do that? "I was heartbroken watching Glee when I found out the actor playing a character in a wheelchair wasn't actually disabled." DON'T MISS...GMB viewers lash out at remainer protester 'Get some security!' [VIDEO]TV viewers slam dating debate 'Didn't think GMB could sink any lower' [UPDATE]Madeley shuts down claims Prince William can modernise monarchy [INTERVIEW] She branded the casting "disrespectful" and called for true representation in films for "all the categories which are discriminated". However, Ranvir chimed in: "Isn't that a difficult comparison to make?" Dozens of viewers were quick to take to Twitter to have their say on the heated debate. Sandra Reid commented: "Why is this a debate? Have we found evidence that no fat people auditioned for the role?  "Maybe she was the best person for the role. I’m overweight and I don’t have an issue with this unless you can tell me they knocked back a larger equally talented actor." Samatha added: "Oh please stop with people getting offended with actors doing their job. It’s acting. They are paid to portray someone who is not them and often prosthetics and enhancements are used. Soon it won’t be acting, it’ll just be people playing themselves as that is all we are allowed." (sic) However, Dylan Graham backed Queen Mojo, adding: "I agree wholeheartedly with the woman, I would recommend @DeadMenTalkPod to her as I feel they support roles for obese men/women/them." (sic) Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays between 6am and 9am on ITV.