Chelsea Women have announced their first summer signing Eve Perisset on a three-year deal from French Division One side Bordeaux. The 27-year-old is set to join the Blues on July 1. The French defender becomes the first signing since group led Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital completed the £4.25bn takeover from Roman Abramovic last month. The Blues were initially banned from engaging in new contracts and were unable to negotiate transfers due to the sanctions placed on the ex-Russian owner, but those sanctions have been lifted following the completion of the Boehly consortium's takeover. Thomas Tuchel has been handed a significant warchest to go after new signings this summer and is expected to be given full control over who is signed for the men's team. But while the Blues look for new recruits for the Premier League side, Chelsea Womens have extended the contracts of Jess Carter and Maren Mjelde for another year, while also snapping up Perisset from Bordeaux. During Perisset's time in Ligue 1, she won five French titles and made a number of appearances in the Champions League, claiming the winners medal in the 2015/16 campaign. While at Bordeaux, she played both in midfield and full back positions, making over 125 appearances across her career. At international level, she made her senior debut in 2016, led Les Bleus to UEFA European Championships in 2017 and FIFA World Cup in 2019, and is now preparing to compete in this summer’s Euros. READ MORE: Liverpool 'prepared to sacrifice 10-goal attacker' in swap deal for Leeds star Raphinha  Upon her signing, Perisset said: "It’s a fantastic honour to join Chelsea and to be the first French female player to become a Blue! I am very thankful for the opportunity that has been given to me. The time was right for me to make this big move to London and join the English Super League and I cannot wait to meet the team and the fans later this summer at Kingsmeadow and at the famous Stamford Bridge!" Chelsea Women boss Emma Hayes added: "Eve brings a wealth of experience and is a versatile player who is able to play in both full-back positions and midfield. A tenacious defender, with her mentality and professionalism we have no doubt she will complement the group well. We really look forward to welcoming Eve to the team later this summer as we head into the new season.’    DON'T MISS Liverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meetingLiverpool tipped to break transfer record when Sadio Mane departure confirmed  On the men's side, Tuchel is believed to be targetting a new centre-back to replace the outgoing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. A new striker could also be brought in due to the uncertainty surrounding Romelu Lukaku. The Belgian striker is reportedly eager to leave the club this summer to return to Inter Milan, who are expected to launch a bid for him this summer.