The first episode of the Commonwealth Poetry Podcast, hosted by award-winning podcaster Gyles Brandreth and his daughter Aphra, can be broadcast from today (June 12) and it features appearances from Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and Dame Joanna Lumley. The podcast is set to air every fortnight for the next two years and it will take a closer look at the poetry, heritage and people of each of the 54 Commonwealth countries.  Mr Brandreth, who has written books on the Royal Family, said it was "an absolute treat" to have Camilla join him for his first podcast episode. He told PA: "Curiously, even though I'm a seasoned podcaster and broadcaster, I was still a little bit nervous. But honestly, it couldn't have been easier. "She's wonderfully relaxed on it. For us, recording the podcast, it was fascinating because you don't often hear somebody like her talking at length. "But she was a natural and even though we edited it down to about 40 minutes, we had about an hour of chitchat."  READ MORE: Eugenie causes royal stir after CROPPING OUT Duchess from Jubilee pic The first episode will focus on Rwanda, the nation Camilla and Charles will be visiting for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting later this month. The podcast was recorded in the Garden Room of Charles and Camilla's official London residence of Clarence House, and Camilla has recounted her travels around the Commonwealth for the audio programme. The podcast is being produced by staff and students from the University of Chester, which counts Dame Joanna, Mr Brandreth and the Duchess of Cornwall among its honorary graduates. Camilla's venture into the world of podcasts can be seen to take a leaf out of Meghan Markle's book, with the Duchess of Sussex and her husband Prince Harry signing a deal with audio giant Spotify following their exit from the Royal Family in 2020.   Meghan and Harry have so far only launched one Archewell Audio Holiday Special in 2020, but Meghan's new podcast 'Archewell' is expected to launch later this year. The Duchess teased her new podcast in a trailer back in March and said that it would "dissect, explore, and subvert the labels" associated with women. Meghan said in the clip: “This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us… but where do these stereotypes come from? And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?” She added: “This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back.  DON'T MISS:Camilla campaigns for more children to learn poems by heart [INSIGHT] Royal Family: Meghan and Harry touted for Strictly appearance [ANALYSIS]Camilla put her stamp on royal wedding outfit in three key ways [PICTURES] "I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. And I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place.” The Duchess of Cornwall is not the first royal to have guest-starred in a podcast episode recently. Prince William recently took part in the Apple Fitness+ initiative, Time To Walk, where he spoke about the importance of mental fitness and shared some family anecdotes. Prince Harry also appeared on Dax Shephard's Armchair Expert podcast to discuss a range of topics, including approaching mental health issues. 