Prince George attended several of the Platinum celebrations shoulder to shoulder with his younger siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The eldest son of Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge is often deemed the more serious of the three but even he could not hold back his laughter looking at Louis enjoying the celebrations. George was spotted dropping his head in his hands as he laughed at his brother waving around his hands in a victory sign while nodding his head in time with the music of the People's Pageant. Prince Louis won over the public with his antics as he made his official debut over the Jubilee weekend. Commenting on Prince George and Prince Louis' video, Twitter user @isaguor wrote: "Nooo this is so cute! "Prince William, Prince George, Princess Charlotte The Duchess of Cambridge and Mia Tindall’s reaction when Prince Louis was celebrating. "Prince George’s reaction is the best." JUST IN: Meghan and Harry branded ‘couple of frauds’ as Megyn Kelly slams private jet back to US @KaylaAdams___ commented: "George is like “not again Lou." @marybridgelal added: "Louis stole the show and I love every minute of it." @CountessCommon1 noted Prince George looked like "the epitome of exasperated big bro" with his reaction to Prince Louis' behavior. And @canadiana02 added: "Yep, he truly was having the time of his life! READ MORE: Mike Tindall lays bare why Royal Family wanted to flee pageant ‘as quickly as possible’  "His sibs reactions were spot on!" Princess Charlotte was spotted repeatedly intervening during the weekend attempting to curb her brother's enthusiasm. As the pair made their debut in the Trooping the Colour carriage procession last week, the Princess was spotted holding Louis's hand as they prepared to join the celebration. They paid tribute to the soldiers bowing their heads following in George's example before starting to wave at attendees lining the Mall to catch a glimpse of the Royal Family. DON'T MISS 'Everything is terrible apart from monarchy' US talk show mocks UK [VIDEO]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'made to look stupid' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry caught trying to look at William but royal refused [INSIGHT] But as Prince Louis began to wave too animatedly, at times risking to hit Charlotte with his hand, the princess put her hand on his arm to push it down and stop it from waving. She also came to Prince George's aid as she gave him a gentle shove to better his posture after the attentive princess noticed him leaning on the balcony as they appeared with the Queen on Sunday. Members of the Royal Family joined forces to contain Prince Louis as he strutted around the Royal Box, with Mike Tindall jokingly warning him he was watching him to ensure he was behaving. At the Duke of Cambridge was spotted asking Prince Charles to pop Prince Louis onto his knees as the young prince grew bored of the lengthy celebrations.