Rafael Nadal's 14th French Open victory has led to two of tennis' greatest ever players to change their mind on the Spaniard. Nadal beat Casper Ruud in straight sets at Roland Garros on Sunday to stay on track for a first career calendar Grand Slam. The 36-year-old has now won 22 major tournaments, two more than any other male player. His victories at the Australian Open and in Paris gives him breathing space over Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer, who both have 20 major singles titles each. Nadal has fought against an ongoing foot issue which caused him to miss much of the 2021 season. His participation at the French Open was not certain but he was not only fit enough to compete, he also beat Djokovic on his way to yet another clay-court victory. Former seven-time Grand Slam champion Mats Wilander says the latest victory may mean more to Nadal than any other. And the Swede says the 22nd major may mean he is now considered the greatest of all time, ahead of Djokovic and Federer.  Wilander told Eurosport: "I would think it must be the sweetest title [he's won at Roland-Garros]. First of all, he didn’t even know if he was going to be able to play. "Let’s now not just focus on 14 [French Open titles], but 22 [Grand Slam singles titles]. He is ahead of Roger and Novak now. "Maybe this could be the main reason why he will be the greatest player of all time. But again, he’s so humble and so in the present moment that it sounds like he is going to keep going." Chris Evert, who won 18 Grand Slam singles titles in her career, did not expect Nadal to reach the number of victories that he has. She admits she expected Djokovic to finish his career at the top of the pile.  Evert said: "I thought two years ago that it would be Novak [who would win most Grand Slam titles], he was No. 1 in the world, Rafa was starting to only win the French Open and we weren’t sure if he could win on the hard courts as well. But now he’s two ahead, his body seems to be holding up pretty well. "I think this title is the most meaningful ever, going through adversity. Four or five weeks ago, did we even think he was going to play the French Open? But he comes back, he goes through a lot of tense matches. "Today he came out, full of freedom, very relaxed – I think he knew Casper didn’t have that one shot that could hurt him. Rafa played within himself, played solid and that was good enough for him to win the match against Casper." 