The republicans issued the demand to abolish the monarchy and claimed the UK should “turn the palaces into museums”. The calls came as the Queen opened up her books to the public to show how the Royal Family receives its money. One republican on Twitter said: “Hey UK, trust, you’ll get an actual [return on investment] if you #abolishthemonarchy and turn the palaces into museums. You are getting scammed!” Another said: “£369 million of taxpayers money will be spent on the refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. Let that sink in. #AbolishTheMonarchy.” Others raged that the expenditure of the Royal Family has gone up since last year, even with the departure of Prince Harry and Meghan. One user said: “So after Meghan & Harry left, [Prince] Philip died & in the midst of a pandemic they managed to spend millions MORE? At least 5 less royals to take care of but spending more? Including £32 000 on travel to a movie premiere that was a 5min walk away? Crazy.”  However, pro-monarchist Brits hit back over the calls, claiming that the Monarchy brought in far more cash through tourism and noted how low Royal expenditure is per person. One said: "So less than £2 per taxpayer. £1.29 per person. I can afford it." More Brits spoke about how the Royal Family receives its funds, one noted that a Bloomberg article quoted in the Tweet made no mention of the money that the Royal Family gives back to the Government. He said: “There is literally nothing in this piece about the £490 MILLION that the Queen and the Monarchy surrender in return for the Sovereign grant.”  READ MORE: Putin threatens response 'in kind' if NATO deploy troops The Royal Family is funded, partially, through something called the Sovereign Grant. The Sovereign Grant for 2020-21 was set at £86.3million or about £1.29 per person in the UK. The grant ran over and ended up at £102.4million due to the 10-year refurbishment plan at Buckingham Palace. This money, however, does not come directly from the taxpayer. Instead the money comes from the profits generated on lands known as the Crown Estate. The Crown Estate gets its name from the fact that until 1760, the lands were owned by the Crown. In that year, King George III agreed to surrender the lands to Parliament in return for a fixed annual payment. The deal extends to his successors. Her Majesty’s Treasury calculates the percentage of the profits from these lands that goes to the Royal Family, from 15 to 25 per cent. Republicans argue that the percentage that goes to the Royal Family could be better spent elsewhere in the Government’s budget while monarchists point to the benefits the Royal Family brings to the country.  DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to unblock drains [INSIGHT]Dominic Raab winks at Angela Rayner after 'wiping the floor with her' [REPORT]Royal Family: Sussex’s Netflix series ‘smells of desperation’ [LIVE] The brand valuation company Brand Finance, estimates the Monarchy contributes £1.77billion every year to the UK economy. David Haigh, CEO of Brand Finance, said: “Exactly 25 years ago, the Windsor Castle fire marked the nadir of the Queen’s annus horribilis when scandals drove the Monarchy’s popularity down. Today, its universal appeal translates to the attraction of Brand Monarchy offering considerable commercial benefits to all businesses and institutions associated with it. “The Monarchy is Britain’s national treasure, both symbolically and economically. Especially in the age of Brexit, Britain can rely on royal diplomacy to facilitate trade relations with the Commonwealth and the rest of the world.” 