Loose Women panellist Stacey Solomon has taken to Instagram to celebrate a landmark moment at Pickle Cottage which she shares with her fiance Joe Swash and four children. The Tap to Tidy star, 32, reflected on the long journey they've undertaken to renovate their outdoor pool, with it finally being completed yesterday in time for the long weekend. It comes after Stacey previously admitted she felt "embarassed" to share pool updates with her fans. In view of her 5.2million followers, the flame-haired star celebrated the outside area being finished in time for the Platinum jubilee weekend. Stacey wrote: "Hello everyone, today was a very exciting day... We spent the whole day in the pool. "It doesn't even feel real saying that," she added, while sharing a sweet snap of baby Rose and son Rex sitting on an outdoor sofa She went on: "They're finally back in the house (literally 10 minutes ago we came in) and I'm so excited to share today with you all but I'm also very conscious of how lucky we are to have been able to bring pickle Cottage pool back to life. READ MORE: Gwyneth Paltrow reunites with ex Chris Martin at daughter's graduation "So I hope it makes you smile tonight, it's all I ever want to do when I come on here," she penned, followed by a grey heart. The next slide showed one of Stacey's famous before and after clips with the cover being pulled off of Pickle Cottage's swimming pool after they purchased the property. The mum of four wrote: "Looking back it's so crazy how it started," alongside a teary face. The pool looked a long way from being swimming ready as it featured a thick layer of green sludge and dirt along the bottom and sides. Stacey then got her beloved pressure-washer out to write her name in the grime. In a fresh clip, she panned the site of the pool after work had started on it, writing: "We started a year and a half ago. "The first company we hired left the job half way through. "But we eventually found someone to pick up where they left off." DON'T MISS... Tom Hanks, 65, sparks concern amongst fans with 'very thin' frame [INSIGHT]Gordon Ramsay reacts as daughter Holly, 22, posts sunny bikini snap [ANALYSIS]Deborah James says she's 'determined not to die on Jubilee weekend' [UPDATE] The star then revealed the dazzling finished state of the pool which had been covered in tiny, shiny grey tiles which sparkled in the sun. Stacey's youngest son Rex could be seen overseeing the finishing touches as the pool was filled up, standing with a life-vest on. She went on to add that the pool transformation was "the longest tap to tidy of all time." The star went on to share a series of snaps of her first day using the renovated pool with her beau Joe, and children Rex and Rose. It comes after Stacey apologised for sharing "unrelatable" swimming pool updates with her fans admitting that it made her "feel embarrassed". The star shared an update in April while the pool was being tiled, writing: "So many of you asking to see the tiles. "But I know this is the most relatable content ever, so I'm sorry. I do cringe sharing it." However, the star was soon inundated with supportive messages from fans telling her "not to be embarrassed" while sharing the updates.