Earlier this year, BBC bosses confirmed that Anton du Beke would be replacing Bruno Tonioli as a judge on Strictly Come Dancing. The decision came after Bruno explained he had work commitments in America, which meant he couldn't fulfil his Strictly duties. Despite being thrilled to sit alongside Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse on the panel, Anton told Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley on Good Morning Britain that he misses dancing. "I'm loving being a judge, but I am missing the dancing a bit," Anton told the hosts. Richard went on to quiz the professional dancer on whether Bruno would be coming back to the show at all. "He's in America," Anton confirmed before the host continued: "So you're his full-time replacement?" Susanna chipped in: "Are we going to see Strictly at the Palace... a live episode because Prince Charles and Camilla [Duchess of Cornwall] love Strictly so much?" READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series "Yeah, they've been great fans of the shows over the years," Anton replied before adding: "I'd love to say yes. "But, I don't know about the show. I hope so and if so, I'd love to dance with someone." Since the announcement was made, Anton has been vocal about his new job role and how he misses being on the dancefloor. In a recent appearance with Janette Manrara on Steph's Packed Lunch, the dancer admitted he misses being part of the Strictly group. "I am exactly the same as Janette, I miss being part of the group," he told Steph McGovern. "It's the most wonderful environment to be in with all these fabulous dancers and people and they're the most brilliant people in the world. "It's sort of the happiest place to be and the most wonderful place to be." Anton also spoke out about Janette leaving the show and landing her first presenting job on Strictly spin-off, It Takes Two. DON'T MISS...Outlander fans ‘seriously annoyed’ with major change to Claire Fraser [REACTION]Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT]Sherwood creator admits filming for BBC series ‘shut down’ [NEWS] Recalling the moment his co-star interviewed him, he added: "I remember coming off that thinking 'You are brilliant at this'. "And when they announced that you were doing It Takes Two I thought, 'This is absolutely perfect' because you're natural and wonderful and I think you're doing fabulously well." When Bruno decided to step down from his role on Strictly, he admitted it wasn't a decision he had taken lightly. The judge said over the years, he'd juggled his work commitments in the United States and the UK, but when COVID-19 hit it made things more challenging.  “I used to leave London every Sunday to Los Angeles and fly back overnight Wednesday to do the show and back for 11 weeks," he said on The One Show. “It was impossible because the rules were changing, getting through the airport is not like it used to be so it created a situation which was unsustainable." Speaking about his decision to leave, Bruno added: "I miss it so much. unfortunately, Dancing with the Stars has moved onto Disney Plus, it’s going to be streaming live on Disney Plus. “They need continuity and I absolutely support it, it’s my decision and I think Anton has done a fantastic job he deserves to be on that seat.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 