A dad from Ilford slammed a car thief who broke into his house and stole a £15,000 Toyota Yaris and £7,000 worth of gold jewellery. The criminal entered the house while Mohammad Haque’s family were peacefully sleeping in their beds. The 44-year-old father claimed that the thief was unable to steal the Range Rover as they couldn’t figure out how to use the gearbox. The thief was also caught on a Ring doorbell camera system with their face fully visible. However, according to Mr Haque, the police have done nothing. The incident took place at around 4.15am on Saturday, June 11 when the hooded burglar entered Mr Haque’s garden on Lansdown Road in East London. READ MORE: George Russell to make a surprise appearance at Goodwood He then walked straight in front of the camera showing off his entire face before turning it away. The criminal then proceeded to enter the family’s home via a window. Later on, the footage showed the thief at the front of the house, first loitering around the grey Range Rover on the drive before driving off in the bright white Toyota. The persistent thief then came back to have another go at stealing the Range Rover, but failed. DON'T MISS Drivers wanting to switch to EVs now face huge wait [REVEAL] The ideal mileage to look for when buying a used car [INSIGHT] Drivers and cyclists go head to head over helmet cam videos [WARNING] Mr Haque told MyLondon the thief probably "didn't understand" how to use the gears as "they are different". Mr Haque was also upset with the police response. He claimed: "It's a lot of money and basically the police have not done anything. “The police have not even [come inside] the property yet. READ MORE: Drivers 'strongly recommended' to avoid key hypermiling tricks “They came the same day, they rang the bell then after 20 seconds they left. “It's a bit funny. [I believe] they knew we were there and I have got CCTV. “I could have been in the toilet." Mr Haque added that the police agreed to come back but never did. He is now keen to share the CCTV footage with detectives as it clearly shows the man's face and him stealing a vehicle. He believes the crime isn't taken seriously as it is "not an emergency". Mr Haque has three kids who are "very very scared" and "can't even sleep" after realising there was a stranger in their house. He thinks they would feel more assured if police "bothered" to visit the home and speak to him. Mr Haque said: "We can understand but the children don't. "They think if the police never come our life is not secure." The Met Police said: "Shortly before 05:00hrs on Saturday, 11 June police received a report of a burglary at a property in Lansdowne Road, Ilford during which a car and keys were stolen. “Officers attempted to call the person who reported the offence later the same day but were unable to reach them. A voicemail was left. "Officers also visited the property but did not find anyone at home. “We understand the doorbell was not fully functional. “Scenes of crime officers have visited the property and the investigation has been allocated to a local officer to take forward." Express.co.uk has contacted the Met Police for comment.