The Met Office has predicted “well above-average” temperatures to brace the nation later this week, with a short-lived heatwave expected in Southern parts of the country. Rising temperatures will take many of us by surprise both day and night, leaving bedrooms and living spaces sweltering in the afternoon heat. While you may not have air conditioning or fans to quickly cool down a hot room, there’s plenty of other cheap and effective methods you can try. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist, Dan Rudman, said: “Temperatures will rise through the week, becoming well above average by day by Friday when many parts of the southern half of the UK are likely to reach 30C or even 33C in isolated spots.” While keeping windows and doors open during the day is one of the easiest ways to reduce the temperature inside, it’s not always possible when you’re stuck at work. So, what can you do if you do find yourself faced with an unbearably hot room and no fans or air-con? Focus on moving air through your house by having air flow in one side and out the other. To do this, simply open windows on opposite sides of a room, or your house - but be warned, opening two windows on the same side of the house won't create a cross breeze in the same way. For rooms with only one window, keeping the door open allows a cross breeze to form from elsewhere in the house. READ MORE: Alan Titchmarsh shares how to get hydrangeas to ‘really shine’ Lots of electrical appliances such as TVs and chargers can produce a lot of wasted energy in the form of heat . To tackle this, comparethemarket.com recommended turning off unnecessary appliances when they’re not in use. The easiest way to do this is to resist the urge to open up your laptop, charge your phone and settle down in front of the TV all at once. If you have laundry to do, you should also try to avoid the tumble dryer and make the most of the nice weather to hang your clothes out instead. You should try to get into the habit of closing your curtains and blinds during the day when the sun is at its hottest to avoid sunlight streaming indoors. If you do forget to do this before heading out for the day, it will still work in the late afternoon too. Shut your curtains and open the windows fully to allow a breeze without the added warmth. If windows in certain rooms catch a lot of direct sunlight, use dark or blackout curtains or blinds to prevent the rays from overheating your room. DON'T MISS:Nightmare neighbours forced to move caravan outside home [INSIGHT]Kate & William's first home together in Wales was 'immensely special' [REVEAL]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £2k to boost value by £24k [LATEST] Cooling down a hot kitchen will be even harder to do if you start cooking indoors. Comparethemarket.com said: “Appliances such as hobs, ovens and kettles produce a lot of heat. “Try to cook outdoors on a BBQ or camping stove if you have one to reduce the need for excess heat indoors.” This is one of the quickest ways to cool down any room, and it is incredibly easy to do. Simply fill a spray bottle with water and leave in the freezer for 30 minutes. Generously spritz soft furnishings with the chilled water for a quick fix. Technically, using an air dehumidifier won't bring down the temperature in your room, but it will make the space feel cooler. Humidity in the air causes a room to feel warmer than it actually is, so it can make a significant difference if you’re able to eliminate excess moisture in the air. Plants keep themselves cool via transpiration, releasing water vapour when the surrounding atmosphere heats up to cool themselves and the air around them. The best examples of plants most effective for this are aloe vera and snake plants, both of which have high water content.