Christopher Gibbons, 38, described Archie as "an abomination that should be put down". He also called for Harry to be prosecuted and "judicially killed for treason" in the Black Wolf Radio chat show he hosted with Tyrone Patten-Walsh, 34, a jury was told. The pair are said to have hated mixed race relationships and used Harry's marriage to Meghan as an example. Mr Gibbons, of Carshalton, south London, and Mr Patten-Walsh, from Romford, east London, are on trial at Kingston Crown Court. They have pleaded not guilty to encouraging acts of extreme right-wing terrorism through their podcast between March 3, 2019, and February 9, 2020. Mr Gibbons denies a further count of disseminating terrorist publications by uploading videos to an online stash called "The Radicalisation Library" between April 2018 and February 2020. Prosecutor Anne Whyte QC said: "[They] are men who hold extreme right-wing views. They are dedicated and unapologetic white supremacists.  "They thought that if they used the format of a radio show, as good as in plain sight, they could pass off their venture as the legitimate exercise of their freedom of speech. "In fact what they were doing was using language designed to encourage others to commit acts of extreme right wing terrorism against the sections of society that these defendants hated." Jurors heard that some 23 lengthy audio podcasts, featuring "quite crude" still background images and interspersed with music, were posted online to an account with 128 subscribers. Mr Gibbons and Mr Patten-Walsh allegedly endorsed the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox in 2016.  READ MORE ABOUT KATE AND WILLIAM REJECTING MEGHAN AND HARRY'S OLIVE BRANCH They are also alleged to have glorified Brenton Tarrant's 2019 shooting spree in Christchurch, New Zealand. Tarrant was sentenced to life after killing 51 people at two mosques during Friday prayers. The jury was also told that in a discussion about the 2017 Manchester Arena suicide bomb attack, in which 22 people were killed, victims were referred to as "sluts". Mr Patten-Walsh allegedly said: "They start screaming and that's the bit that really pleases me because I hate those people.  DON'T MISS: Desperate search for missing teen who hasn't used phone in days [REPORT] Devastated family ordered to demolish summerhouse and 'eyesore' fence [REVEALED] Royal Family: Queen's two-word response to Meghan and Harry [LATEST] "And it's a sign of masculine, even though it was done by a sand n*, masculine terror against women." Ms Whyte said the endorsements of violence came in the "context of unbridled racism" as the pair complained about the existence of black and Asian MPs, made anti-Semitic remarks and depicted black and Asian men as rapists.  She added: "They reserve particular hatred for mixed race relationships, and they use Prince Harry and Meghan Markel's marriage and children as prime examples of this. "Christopher Gibbons referred to his views that the Sussex's baby was an abomination that should be put down and Prince Harry should be prosecuted and found guilty and judicially killed for treason." The trial continues on Thursday. 