The two men acknowledged that they had fired at positions in the Kharkiv region from Russia. According to prosecutors, the shelling destroyed an educational facility in Derhachi, but left no casualties.  Judge Evhen Bolybok said: “The guilt of Bobykin and Ivanov has been proven in full.” Bobykin and Ivanov were described as an artillery driver and gunner respectively. They were detained after crossing the Russian-Ukrainian border. Bobykin said it had all been a mistake and he wished “the bloody conflict would end”. He even branded it a “failure” by Russian President Vladimir Putin.   Bobykin was asked why he did what he did, whether he had any regrets and what he thought of how the war had gone for Russia. Speaking in short sentences, without emotion, he said according to the Sun: “I want to change to the Ukraine military. “Putin should stop the war now. It is a mistake. The war is a failure. “I’m satisfied with my conditions in prison. My family know I am here. I have changed my mind about what I did. My verdict is true.” READ MORE: Dog dumped on street with bag full of toys and harrowing note  Finally, asked if Putin had been a failure he replied swiftly: “Yes.” The Ukrainian prosecutor's office said it has uncovered a “few thousand” cases of war crimes in the eastern Donbas region. Kyiv's top prosecutor also said it has identified over 600 Russian war suspects and started prosecuting around 80 of them. During a news conference in The Hague, Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova said the list of war crimes suspects “includes top military, politicians and propaganda agents of Russia”. DON'T MISS:Princess Eugenie net worth laid bare as she eyes Portugal move Ukrainian refugee sees looted item on Russian tankUkraine LIVE: Putin chemical plant strike fills city with toxic fumes Estonia, Latvia and Slovakia have joined an international investigation team in Ukraine dedicated to finding information related to war crimes. The International Criminal Court has deployed dozens of investigators, forensic experts and support personnel to Ukraine to aid in these efforts. Prosecutor General Venediktova said: “We should collect and protect everything in the right way. It should be acceptable evidence in any court.” 