 Three panellists debated the future of the monarchy while speaking to GB News host Mark Dolan, who asked, “is the monarchy not part of the UK’s branding upon which you cannot place a price?” Over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, Mr Smith tweeted that “only 14 percent [of Brits] are interested in celebrating and 27 percent want to abolish the monarchy”.   The Republic CEO said: “There’s no evidence that our Monarch makes any difference in terms of diplomacy or trade and the last time we had royals going overseas with Edward and William going to the Caribbean, they put their foot in it time and time again and they caused a huge row. “We are a very successful country. We are prosperous even when we are going through difficult times at the moment and that is because of the endeavours of ordinary British people up and down the country, not because of the occasional visit by a Monarch.” Host Mr Dolan claimed that the monarchy is an integral part of the UK’s branding and identity which is priceless. Mr Smith replied: “We are going to be absolutely fine without the monarchy. We do not need this one privileged family… in order to be a successful country.”   “They spend huge amounts of public money, our money on themselves every week and what do we get for that?” Dolan raised his voice and retorted: “It’s part of our identity isn’t it!” He added: “The Queen is famously frugal; she keeps her cornflakes in Tupperware and she’s got a ring heater next to her in the morning…she also agreed to pay income tax two decades ago and has reduced the civil list so there are just a few key members of the royal family that actually receive an income.” Naheed Majeed, the past mayoress of Windsor and Maidenhead, praised the Queen for showing empathy with the nation during the pandemic which Brits did not get from elected heads of state. READ MORE: ‘Humbled’ Queen inspired by nation’s kindness, joy and kinship   Ms Majeed stated: “She’s moved on with time…a significant moment was last year when Prince Philip passed away and that isolated figure sitting there on her own signified ‘I’m with you’ with the rest of the nation. “That’s a really major point of her grieving on her own because she knew the nation was grieving on their own, couldn’t attend funerals and she was empathising.” She added: “No other head of state would give you empathy.” The anti-monarchist replied to Ms Majeed: “The flip side of your argument is to suggest that in a country of 65 million people the best person we can possibly find is Charles and that it just so happens by sheer fluke and good fortune that he is born into the job that he’s going to get. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton bakes cupcakes for Jubilee tea party with her kids [PICTURES]Beatrice and Eugenie stun crowds as royals spotted plate spinning [INFO]Beatrice and Eugenie show off 'new style' in Saloni & Roksanda dresses [INSIGHT]   “That is not true.” However, former BBC royal correspondent Michael Cole defended the future of the Firm and called republicanism a “busted flush”. Mr Cole said: “The Crown is in very good hands, Republicanism is a busted flush because of one big word: Glamour. “When you have Prince William today with his beautiful wife and his three lovely children they have glamour, nobody ever talks about this, but they do. “This monarchy suits the British temperament it always has, and it always will.” 