The incident happened when she and Prince Philip were riding in an open-top vehicle waving to 42,000 schoolchildren who had gathered at Auckland's Ellerslie Race Course. Some of the eggs actually hit the Queen and Philip was seen trying to wipe the raw egg from his wife's coat.  In the documentary ‘The Queen’s Diamond Decades’ the incident was remembered, with the narrator saying: “The Queen looked down and brushed away the mess, nodding in reply to the duke’s urgent ‘Are you alright?’” Detectives in the following truck bundled away two young women wearing white coats. But despite the shocking moment, the Queen had a sassy quip making light of the incident later at dinner. She said: “Of course, New Zealand has long been renowned for its dairy produce.  “Though I should say that I myself prefer my New Zealand eggs for breakfast.” The Queen is the most-travelled monarch ever after a globe-trotting 70-year reign. Now 96, the Queen has given up on overseas travel with her family members now representing her abroad. However, she is hoping to embark on an important annual trip on Monday - despite her ongoing mobility issues.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle popularity and image 'plummeting' in the US - expert Her Majesty is hoping to make her annual trip to Scotland for Holyrood Week but a decision will be taken closer to the time, Buckingham Palace has said. The monarch is planning to be in residence at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh when other members of the Royal Family travel to Scotland en masse to carry out engagements between June 27 and July 1. During her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the Queen pledged to continue to serve as monarch “to the best of my ability supported by my family”. The Queen’s children, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal and the Earl of Wessex – minus the Duke of York who no longer carries out public duties – will be joined by the Countess of Wessex to conduct a host of public appearances.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine set to receive additional £429mil from UK in guarantees Boris Johnson MUST get 'a proper Brexit' done to stay in No.10Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry’s plot blown open A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: “The Queen hopes to travel to Scotland to be in residence at the Palace of Holyroodhouse for Royal Week, although decisions will be taken closer to the time.”