Frenkie de Jong allegedly told Ronald Koeman just 'days ago' that he still wants to stay at Barcelona this summer, plunging a transfer to Manchester United into doubt. The Red Devils remain locked in negotiations over a deal for their top target, although there is confidence an agreement worth in the region of £69million is now close. Nonetheless, it seems even if United strike a deal with Barcelona for the player, De Jong will still need convincing that Old Trafford is the best place for him to play football next season. On several occasions, the midfield technician has made it categorically clear that he would like to stay at Barca but the Catalan giants appear to be ignoring his wishes to stay. Instead, they are open to selling the Dutchman, knowing full well it would go a long way to helping them ease their financial struggles off the field. According to Koeman, who coached De Jong with the Holland national team, the player is adamant he wants to stay with Barca - something recently disclosed to him during a one-to-one conversation. READ MORE: Man Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck' "The only thing I know is that Frenkie wants to continue at Barca," Koeman told Esport 3. "A couple of days ago he told me he wanted to continue. What I don’t know is if Barca wants to sell him or needs money because he is one of the few players for whom they can get a good amount. For me, De Jong is a great player for Barca." United are still confident that striking a deal with Barcelona would be enough to get a move over the line. De Jong does not intend to stay at Barcelona beyond his welcome, even though he remains determined to succeed at Camp Nou after three mediocre seasons in Spain. DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIP Man Utd board 'in talks' over surprise first signing to kickstart Erik ten Hag eraMan Utd to bolster Erik ten Hag transfer budget as '£11m Fulham agreement struck'Cristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signings Erik ten Hag has launched a charm offensive for the 25-year-old and has promised to build his United team around him. The 52-year-old knows how to get the best from the midfield maestro, something he has reportedly relayed to De Jong during personal conversations between the pair. Yet still, that hasn't quite been enough to see De Jong's head fully turn as he continues to wait for his future to be decided. Ideally, he would love to remain with Barcelona and show his class but with Barca pushing him towards the exit door - a transfer still seems likely. United are not prepared to move onto other targets just yet though and their total focus remain on landing De Jong. Their opening proposal worth around £51m was said to have been rejected by Barcelona in the early stages of the summer transfer window. Since then, United have declared they would be willing to return with a sizeable offer in a bid to twist Barcelona's arm. The club are yet to make a signing in the summer transfer window though and they will be desperate for progress within the next week. De Jong also wants his future resolved as speculation continues to dominate headlines in both England and Spain.