On Wednesday, Kommersant FM was broadcasting its lunchtime news bulletin when the tune of the Ukrainian military anthem, 'Oh the red viburnum in the meadow', took over. It was followed by ‘We don’t need war’, a song by popular Russian rock group Nogu Svelo. Kommersant FM is linked to the Kommersant newspaper which focuses on politics and business. It is published daily in Russia. Alexey Vorobyov, editor-in-chief of Kommersant FM, told Russia's Tass news agency the radio stream had been hijacked. He said: “We were really hacked.  “Technical specialists are now finding out the origin of this attack, trying to do something with the internet stream.” The BBC’s Francis Scarr said on Twitter: “Russian radio station Kommersant FM has been hacked and is currently playing Ukrainian and anti-war songs. “Midway through a news bulletin not long ago, patriotic Ukrainian song Ой у лузі червона калина started playing.” It is the latest example of anti-war messaging on pro-Kremlin airwaves. READ MORE: Ukraine wipes out THREE Russian ammunition depots in 24 hours  The most high-profile incident was Marina Ovsyannikova, 43, who interrupted a live TV broadcast on Russia’s Channel One. The producer appeared behind the main newsreader, holding a sign which read: “No to war, stop this war - propaganda lies to you.” Putin’s efforts to keep public opinion of the war in Ukraine positive or neutral face an uphill battle, with protests appearing in many different forms. Violence, such as military enlistment offices being torched, is also being reported. DON'T MISS: Russians shooting at each other in Ukraine as troops BETRAY Putin [WATCH]Boris Johnson in brutal swipe at Macron's Ukraine compromise plea [INSIGHT]Ukraine ex-PM demands Tories back Boris for war on Putin [REVEAL]  In one video clip shared on Telegram, a hooded man is seen launching molotovs at a recruitment centre in Siberia. As recently as yesterday (Wednesday), an enlistment office in Vladivostok, in the Russian Far East, was set alight. Thousands more chanted ‘F*** the war!’ at a rock concert in Moscow last month - and a Russian priest was recently arrested for saying troops fighting in Ukraine will go to hell.  As problems on his own territory build up, Putin’s invasion effort - launched on February 24 - has paid a high price. Kyiv estimates up to 30,000 Russian troops have been killed so far. The Kremlin offensive has been repeatedly forced to reorganise its tactics after devastating losses in key battles, with the deaths of many generals reported. 