Alex Hoyle, 28, from West Bridgford, and Joella Senior, 27, from Loughborough, were travelling on a moped when they crashed at around 9.10pm local time on Sunday evening, according to close friend Georgie Seel. Georgie, 26, from West Bridgford, says the couple is in a critical condition in hospital, requiring multiple surgeries. In an email sent by Alex's stepfather Andrew Scott on behalf of his mother Amanda Hoyle and father Geoff Hoyle, Alex had six hours of surgery on Thursday to stabilise fractured thoracic vertebrae - backbones to which the ribs are attached. His liver, diaphragm and lung lacerations were also repaired and his multiple rib fractures have been clipped and or stapled. Alex is currently sedated and will remain so for the foreseeable future, and he still requires further major surgery to repair serious fractures to his jaw, cheekbone and temporal bones. It is unknown when he will be fit enough to undergo the procedure. Joella also had major surgery to repair displaced fractures in her lower arm, stabilise lumbar vertebra fractures (bones in the back between the rib cage and pelvis), and have a collarbone plated along with a cheekbone. She is conscious and is said to be doing well. Alex's family are at his bedside in Bali, while Joella's family are hoping to join as soon as they can as her mother is having issues getting an emergency passport. The email, seen by Nottinghamshire Live said: "Geoff and Amanda together with April (Hoyle, sister) are encouraged by the excellent surgical work undertaken so far to both. “Joella's father hopes to be arriving in Bali later this week, but sadly her mother is still battling to obtain an emergency passport despite her strenuous efforts. "All family and friends are deeply touched by the generosity, love and best wishes they are receiving from friends, family and even complete strangers. “It is amazing to the family just how caring and generous people can be in these difficult economic times for us all." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Economic vandalism' Irish PM throws down gauntlet Speaking to Nottinghamshire Live, Georgie said: "I was just in utter disbelief. Me and my partner (Oli Rowland, 29, from West Bridgford) chatted to them that day and they were both having the best time on a holiday of a lifetime. "They'd gone out for two weeks in Bali on their first proper getaway together, and this happened on their third day. I knew something was serious when I was asked to get Alex's mother's phone number. "I'm best friends with Joella and Oli is best friends with Alex, and have been all their lives. We were thinking they can't have been in an accident. "Me and Oli are getting married, Joella is one of my bridesmaids, and Alex is one of Oli's groomsmen. We introduced them to each other around October or November time last year. "I work as head of branding for Dunelm, and I met Joella around five years ago when we were both working there. We've been so close with each other ever since." DON'T MISS Platinum Jubilee could have caused new Covid wave EU mask slips with new 'damaging' legal challenge Zelensky's heroes 'hit jackpot' as fleet of Russian armour wiped out Oli and Georgie have set up a JustGiving page to help cover Alex and Joella's medical costs. And the response has been "overwhelming". Georgie said: "The response has been so overwhelming. We set the page up hours after finding out with a target of £10,000, and within 48 hours, double that was raised. “The costs to them are astronomical though, which is why it's been increased to £100,000. "I think being in an intensive care unit bed out there is something like £2,500 per night each, and that's before having medicine, surgery or anything like that. “The generosity and kindness of others has been amazing, especially as we're in a new cost of living pandemic." A spokesperson for the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office said: "We are providing support to the families of two British nationals involved in a road accident in Bali and are in touch with the local authorities."