Serena Williams' preparations for Wimbledon have been cut short after doubles partner Ons Jabeur was forced to withdraw from Eastbourne with an injury. Williams made her comeback appearance this week after 12 months out with her last appearance being at Wimbledon last year.  The 23-time grand slam champion was forced to retire from her first-round match at Wimbledon back in 2021 due to an injury to her right leg. She left the court in tears and has been working on a comeback ever since with Eastbourne being her first event back in preparation for Wimbledon next week. Williams paired up with Jabeur and made a triumphant return with a dramatic opening-round win over Marie Bouzkova and Sara Sorribes Tormo. They then followed that up with an emphatic victor over Shuko Aoyama and Chan Hao-ching to reach the semi-finals. But their run at Eastbourne has come to an abrupt end with Jabeur forced to retire from the tournament through injury. Jabeur has suffered a right knee injury and now faces a race against time to prove her fitness for Wimbledon next week.  The Tunisian will enter Friday's draw as the No 3 seed and has been tipped as one of the favourites to win. Jabeur reached a career-best quarter-finals at Wimbledon last year where she lost to Aryna Sabalenka. Williams has taken a wildcard to enter the Wimbledon draw, but will be unseeded The 40-year-old had looked in good form throughout both matches, hitting an array of winners and aces. And she feels her game is in a good place heading into Wimbledon next week. "I have had some really good training leading up to Wimbledon and up to this tournament, really hitting the ball well and just working out. It's been working and it's just been connecting," she said. "I feel like I have been serving well so that's been really good. Working really hard on that. I have been returning well. "I've missed a lot today, but the young ladies they were serving really well, the ball was staying lower, but yes, those two shots have really come together for me." 