The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to provide a rare glimpse of their lives for the docuseries with cameras entering their Montecito home in California. Netflix reportedly signed an £82million ($100million) deal with the Sussexes, who stepped down from royal duties two years ago. Royal biographer Duncan Larcombe said: "To say the Palace is twitchy about this is an understatement. "There's a lot of unease about Harry and Meghan keeping their titles because that's what they're selling, and this could be the straw that breaks the camel's back. "If this show goes ahead, the Queen will almost certainly strip them of their titles. This could stir up a hornet's nest." While details of the series remain under wraps, the Sussexes were spotted filming with Netflix during a trip to New York in September.  There are reports the streaming service wants to air the series at the end of the year, though others suggest Harry and Meghan want it on screens in 2023. Mr Larcombe said viewers will see some intimate moments between the couple, adding: "If the sums of money involved are accurate - Netflix are going to want more than footage of Prince Harry doing the washing up." He explained to Bella Magazine: "They'll have to show some of the reality of life inside the world of Harry and Meghan. "We could see who wears the trousers, and their arguments and rows."   READ MORE ABOUT PRINCE HARRY'S AMERICAN DREAM TURNING INTO A NIGHTMARE "You can imagine the revelations that could come out from conversations being filmed and broadcast." Harry and Meghan have seen their popularity plummet since they moved to North America. A YouGov survey found 49 percent of respondents dislike Meghan with 24 percent liking her and 22 percent remaining neutral. Harry is disliked by 43 percent, liked by 32 percent with 23 percent on the fence, according to the poll.   DON'T MISS: Drink driver slapped neighbour for reporting him and rammed police [REPORT]  Warning to parents as girl, seven, stands on buried barbeque [REVEALED] TUI emergency as plane sends dramatic 7700 'Squawk' code at 13,000ft [LATEST] Despite this, opinion polling company Techne found 54 percent of some 1,600 members of the public polled said they would watch the Netflix show. Mr Larcombe told the publication: "Harry is box office gold. He's the rock star royal and the public have always adored him. "It's whether those qualities will shine through or whether it will just be the Meghan show. "It's a really big gamble, because if it doesn't work, then there won't be more million pound offers."  Harry is also set to release a memoir about his life. Speaking about the memoir, the Duke said: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born, but as the man I have become. "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learnt — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." A "friend" of the prince told the Mirror in February revelations within the book would "shake the monarchy to its core".  The prince is believed to be working on the project with American ghost-writer, JR Moehringer. Harry is also reportedly going to donate the proceeds from the memoir to charity. 