With rising energy prices and staggering petrol costs in the UK, it's an expensive time for drivers everywhere. The average petrol price is now 186.59p per litre with diesel at 192.48p. The RAC reports that the cost to fill a family car is around £103 for petrol and £106 for diesel. With that in mind, car leasing experts Peter Vardy have put together some quick and easy changes drivers can make immediately to save themselves a staggering £1,400.42 in a year. With that in mind, car leasing experts Peter Vardy have put together some quick and easy changes drivers can make immediately to save themselves a staggering £1,400.42 in a year. Filling up at a supermarket garage: Save £74.10Typically, supermarket forecourts are cheaper for fuel compared to branded garages.Supermarkets sell such vast quantities that operating costs are spread over higher volumes, making it cheaper to buy from than a branded forecourt. READ MORE: Hidden features in your car you never knew existed Avoid buying premium fuels for standard cars: Save £179.14Retailers often claim that premium fuel offers performance and economy advantages and can even protect your engine.In reality, unless you’re driving a performance vehicle, you’re unlikely to see many improvements – but you will pay an average of 10p more per litre. Add someone else onto your insurance: Save £423If you’re new to driving, naming a parent on your policy can reduce your yearly insurance by hundreds.Research conducted by Uswitch found that you can save an average of £426 by simply naming a parent on your policy. DON'T MISSPetrol stations reveal the ‘shocking’ amount of money they make [SHOCKING]Furious drivers appalled by Government scrapping of EV grant [REACTION]Motorists will be 'pleasantly surprised' when using hypermiling tricks [INSIGHT] Haggle on car insurance and breakdown cover: Save £100Haggling is an underrated art form, and one forum on Money Saving Expert revealed a £100 saving from RAC by haggling your renewal cover. According to Money Saving Expert, motorists that have haggled their cover with AA, Admiral and RAC all have had an 80% success rate at reducing their premium. Perform your own car maintenance checks: Save £574By performing your own regular car maintenance checks, spotting standard wear and tear and fixing it before it becomes a problem, you can avoid paying the average annual repair cost of £574. Use cashback credit cards on fuel: Save £53 per yearPurchasing your petrol or diesel with a cashback credit card (like Santander’s 123 account) offers you three percent cashback for each fill-up. If you filled up your car biweekly, you’d get £52.68 over the full year. Pay your road tax annually instead of monthly: Save £29While it may be easier to spread the cost of road tax, it ends up costing more in the long run. Saving up to pay it in one lump sum can save you £29 per year.