Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab faced backlash after winking at Labour Deputy Leader Angela Rayner during Prime Minister's Questions and criticising her for attending an opera. Carol, 61, gave Mr Raab a piece of her mind in view of her 483,300 followers this afternoon. Taking to Twitter, she reshared an article describing the interaction between the Deputy Prime Minister, 48, and Angela Rayner, 42. Carol wrote: “Misogynistic snob winking at @AngelaRayner. “So working class people shouldn't be able to go to the opera @dominicraab?  READ MORE: Amanda Owen confirms sudden split from grumpy husband Clive “I thought the days of ‘know your place you poor people/peasants’ were over. “Patently they aren't. Could someone please make this stuff stop?” Mr Raab garnered criticism today after accusing Miss Rayner of “champagne socialism” for going to the opera during the rail strikes. The Cabinet Minister winked at Miss Rayner in the House of Common and was accused of sexism and snobbery. As the pair butted heads over the rail strikes, the Justice Secretary attacked the Labour frontbencher for visiting East Sussex's Glyndebourne opera house. After the session had concluded Miss Rayner offered a retort to Mr Raab's remarks. She said: “My advice to the Deputy Prime Minister is to cut out the snobbery and brush up on his opera. “The Marriage of Figaro is the story of a working-class woman who gets the better of a privileged but dim-witted villain.”  READ MORE... Christine McGuinness' pals begged her to leave Paddy [INSIGHT] James May swipes at Top Gear co-stars for 'trying to join aristocracy [NEWS] Andy Murray’s wife branded 'class act' for supporting Deborah James [NEWS] A spokesman for Boris Johnson also made it clear that the Prime Minister did not stand by Mr Raab's actions. “Everybody should be able to enjoy arts and culture and other such things across the UK,” the spokesman told reporters. People also took to the comments of Carol Vorderman’s post to weigh in on the controversial exchange, with many agreeing with the star's take. Simon commented: "What hope do we have for culture and the arts in this country when politicians think going to the opera is a cause for ridicule? “Would he have done the same if @AngelaRayner had gone to Wimbledon or a football match?” While Fran wrote: “It’s so annoying. I was at Glyndebourne yesterday, a working class girl from Llanelli and loved every minute of it. Why shouldn’t I be able to enjoy opera!” “If only Carol,” Duncan lamented, “That wink says it all. That’s what they think about the people. They are a disgrace.” “They are all pretty horrible people,” Alistair added simply.