The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were among those who observed a 72-second silence at the base of the tower in north Kensington, London, in memory of the 72 men, women and children who died in the devastating blaze five years ago. William and Kate laid a wreath in tribute to those who died and listened to speeches at the multi-faith service on Tuesday. Royal fans reacted to the appearance with praise on Twitter, with one saying the Cambridges would be a "wonderful King and Queen". A Twitter user with the handle @BillyDouglass7 said: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are so compassionate and thoughtful! They will be a wonderful King and Queen." Another person, Chris Roger, added of William: "He will be a great King one day." A third, @DarkSldeoftMoon, wrote: "Loved to see the #DukeandDuchessOfCambridge supporting the survivors and paying their respects." Another with the handle @Maccc1024 said: "Thank you Duke and Duchess!!" A fan account @loveforcambridg commented: "5 years ago already thank you for being there for the survivors and the bereaved families again." Another royal fan, @CambridgeAwe, said: "Thank you for attending. I know the survivors and families greatly appreciated it. What a horrible, preventable tragedy!" William and Kate chatted with attendees before taking their seats in the front row for the service. READ MORE: Prince William aware future of Firm rests on his shoulders Their appearance followed a private meeting earlier on Tuesday between the royal couple and those directly affected by the disaster. During the service, 18 green balloons were released as the names of the children who died in the fire were uttered. There were also choir performances, prayers, readings and the unveiling of a white heart sculpture made of hands. The service was live-streamed on screens positioned in the surrounding area so the wider community and public could watch. DON'T MISSKate Middleton 'dresses down' for Grenfell memorial in recycled dress [PICTURES]Charles and William 'putting themselves at front and centre'  [ANALYSIS]Cambridge kids are 'model of modern monarchy' – 'so much more fun!' [INSIGHT] Towards the end, floral tributes were laid at the base of the tower by the royal couple and Mayor of London Sadiq Khan. Kate, who wore a cream dress, laid down a wreath with white flowers as William looked on just behind her. The pair then both bowed their heads and stood for a moment of quiet reflection. The Cambridges left in a black car, with Kate waving to onlookers from the back seat as they were driven down Grenfell Road.