Arsenal may have pulled off a transfer masterstroke if Liverpool's transfer record is anything to go by - with the Reds having been heavily linked to incoming Gunners star Fabio Vieira just one month ago after their success in signing Luis Diaz. Porto sold Diaz to Jurgen Klopp's men only five months ago for a fee of £42.5million, and the Colombian has shone in his time at Anfield so far. His spell has gone so well that the Reds were linked with Vieira in a double Porto header, although that now appears to be dead in the water given Arsenal's advances to the Dragoes. Vieira is set to move to the Emirates Stadium for a fee of around £34m in what is Mikel Arteta's first major signing of the summer. And given Liverpool's superb transfer record which has seen recent signings such as Thiago Alcantara, Ibrahima Konate and Diogo Jota amongst others shine at Anfield, Gunners chief Edu may just have pulled off a masterstroke in his transfer dealings. In fact, there has rarely been a mishap in terms of the Reds' dealings in the past six years. Takumi Minamino haș not done as well as the other arrivals, although for a cut-price fee of £7.5m, there was not much expectation and he is still set to depart this summer for around triple that fee. Elsewhere, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been plagued with injuries since his £35m move from Arsenal back in 2017, although he was extremely impressive at the start of his move - and was the victim of the team's upturn in success whilst he was out with a long-term knee injury, falling out of favour as a result. But those two alone make up almost all of Liverpool's 'mishaps'- if you can even call them such. And the fact Vieira was heavily linked will only excite Arsenal fans about their incoming star. It will be another superb addition for Arteta, who lost attackers Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette on free contracts in January and June respectively. With Gabriel Martinelli, Bukayo Saka and Martin Odegaard continuing to develop, the signing of another young star in Vieira continues to follow the philosophy the Spaniard has set out to achieve. And with Eddie Nketiah likely to sign an extension, with Emile Smith-Rowe and Charlie Patino also featuring heavily from the bench, the Gunners are slowly improving whilst also cutting the average squad age up front. It is a far cry from their former endeavours which saw them bring in Stephan Lichtsteiner, Sokratis and David Luiz in the year before Arteta took over at the helm. And at just £34m, the Portugal under-21 hero could well prove to be a snip. The Gunners face Crystal Palace in the season opener on August 5, with Vieira likely to feature at Selhurst Park.