Frenkie de Jong to Manchester United is an ongoing transfer saga that, currently, has no end in sight. The Barcelona star is a priority target for Erik ten Hag, who previously managed the midfielder at Ajax. So, with the club’s pursuit ongoing, Express Sport will now take a look at everything we know about the Red Devils’ pursuit of the 25-year-old. It was six weeks ago when news broke that Ten Hag wanted to be reunited with De Jong. The duo previously were successful together, winning trophies at Ajax and also helping the Amsterdam outfit reach the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. United need a new midfielder this summer - or two ideally - following the departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. They currently have James Garner, Donny van de Beek, Fred, Scott McTominay and Bruno Fernandes as options for the middle of the park. But with Ten Hag looking to improve United following a shambolic season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, they’re hellbent on bringing De Jong to Old Trafford. At the moment, United remain locked in talks with Barcelona. They have been for weeks, now. Erik ten Hag: What De Jong was told about Man Utd transfer The Catalan giants need to balance their finances, especially given their desire to register signings such as Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie - who have touched down from Chelsea and AC Milan respectively. Barcelona chief Joan Laporta recently said he wanted the club’s finances sorted by June 30, saying: “We were in a very tight financial situation and that is the priority now. “We have clearly worked very hard this year. “If we can sort out the club’s finances before June 30, and I think we will, then we will be able to undertake all the operations we have planned.” United are determined to get De Jong. DON’T MISS Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Pau Torres breaks silence on future amid Man Utd links But they don’t want to be Barcelona’s financial solution. Hence their reluctance to meet the Catalan giants’ asking price. At first, Barcelona told United they’d need to match the £89million fee they paid for Pogba back in the summer transfer window of 2016. Yet when the Red Devils made it clear they wouldn’t go that high, the situation changed. Barcelona are now willing to accept a reduced fee for the player and there’s a sense that a fee in the region of £68m, plus add-ons, would see a transfer struck. Yet United are determined to haggle and that’s why there’s been a hold-up. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz De Jong was initially reluctant to move to United, especially given the fact they’ve got no Champions League football to offer the 25-year-old. But, after private talks with Ten Hag, the Barcelona star is now open to moving to Old Trafford this summer. Manchester City have also been linked with a move for the Netherlands international amid the possibility of Ilkay Gundogan and Bernardo Silva leaving. Yet it’s been reported they have other fish to fry and Kalvin Phillips looks a likelier signing instead. Ten Hag is said to be optimistic United will get a deal for De Jong done, despite the delay. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here However, the club also have alternatives in mind should they fail when it comes to bringing the Barcelona star to the club. De Jong was recently asked about his future at the Nou Camp and talked up Barcelona, labelling them the biggest club in the world. But he also admitted he was flattered by interest from United, saying: "You’re always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player. "But I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment and I feel fine there, so no news." Whether United are able to snap up De Jong remains to be seen. But there’s no end in sight to this saga just yet and supporters will have to be patient for a little while yet. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here