Kelly (played by Millie Gibson) has had a traumatic couple of years, from the part she played in Seb Franklin's (Harry Visinoni) death, to the loss of her father and then her mother, and now her former stepfather Imran Habeeb (Charlie de Melo). However, the truth surrounding her father's murder has been kept from the troubled Coronation Street youngster. Actress Millie has explained when Kelly learns it was Gary who killed her dad, she might be capable of killing him.  At the British Soap Awards, the actress talked about the possibility of the truth coming out. When asked how Kelly might react, the soap star replied: "I think we would like to know that one. "I think she might be sneaky about it and have a moment to herself of destruction and the horror that he didn't let me say goodbye to my mum, and he let her take the fall so I think it would kick off." She also admitted Kelly's violent side could come out though READ MORE: The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk details new project away from BBC series "Who knows what she is capable of, she has her dad's genes!" she told The Mirror. Could Kelly really murder Gary after everything he has done for her? Kelly refused to say goodbye to her mum as she lay on her deathbed because she believed she'd killed her dad. Gary pleaded with her to say goodbye, but she wouldn't change her mind. At the very last minute though, Kelly decided she should see her before she dies, but heartbreakingly, she was too late. Gary killed Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) three years ago. Rick had been a local villain and was demanding money from Gary. With plans to bury Gary alive, he attacked him in a wooded area, but Gary ended up being the one to kill Rick in self defence. He buried Rick in the woods and moved his body soon after when Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) reported what he had done. Because no body was found, Gary wasn't charged by police. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Mick Carter killed by Janine Butcher at Christmas [THEORY]Emmerdale's April Dingle star in tears as on-screen dad wins award [VIDEO]Emotional Lacey Turner pays tribute to EastEnders co-star [LATEST] Earlier in 2022, once Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) knew she was going to die, she confessed to murdering Rick. With information provided by Gary, she was able to point police to the location of Rick's body. Kelly, of course, has no idea Gary, who she currently lives with, murdered Rick. Things have a way of coming out in soaps though, so it's bound to be only a matter of time until she discovers the truth. Kelly will be heartbroken, especially because she missed out on saying goodbye to her mother. Although Kelly didn't kill Seb, she was involved in the events leading up to his murder. She also covered it up until Corey Brent (Maximus Evans) tried to frame her for the attack. Since her time on the cobbles, she's made a few enemies with her manipulative ways. Although she has turned a corner, her old nasty side might still come out. As Millie explained, she has got Rick's genes and might be quick to lash out. It's possible she could hear Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) and Gary discussing the incident. Perhaps Kelly will lose control and end up killing Gary for destroying her family. Will she end up behind bars again? When she was falsely accused of killing Seb, she had a terrible stint in prison. It could be that Kelly makes an exit shortly after Gary if she is found out and sentenced. Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV. 