In Edinburgh, crowds flocked to West Princes Street Gardens to revel in the free entertainment and watch the spectacular pageant from London on giant screens, with some waving Union Jack flags. The scenes come after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was accused of hypocrisy for taking her seat in the Royal Box for the Platinum Jubilee concert at Buckingham Palace. Critics on Twitter attacked Ms Sturgeon after it emerged the British government had published a book to coincide with the Platinum Jubilee, which explains how the four nations came together as the UK. The book was due to be sent automatically to every state primary school before the Jubilee weekend. However, both the Scottish and Welsh authorities said their schools would only receive the books if they specifically requested it. Scottish Tory MSP Meghan Gallacher tweeted: "It appears the First Minister enjoys the benefits of being part of our union but doesn’t want our young people to have the same opportunities. Hypocrite." Ms Sturgeon is desperate to rip Scotland from the Union, but has said she wanted the Queen and her successors to remain as head of state if her nation becomes independent. The party kicked off at 12.30pm as the band of HM Royal Marines Scotland bashed out a number of popular hits. These included Scottish melodies along with an assortment of film music, much to the delight of those in attendance. The public was also treated to a special Edinburgh Festival Carnival parade. Later on people enjoyed their picnics in the sun, before settling down to watch the Platinum Jubilee pageant from London. British Forces Broadcasting Service presenter Mark McKenzie was the master of ceremonies for the afternoon. He said: "It's a huge honour and I'm delighted to be involved in helping celebrate Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee in Edinburgh. "The programme has a real eclectic feel, capturing not only a flavour of Scotland but the Commonwealth and beyond. "It's always a thrill hosting with Edinburgh Castle as a backdrop, it will be a day with something for everyone." READ MORE: Sturgeon insists Queen will remain head of state for Scotland The historic park’s floral clock bloomed with a design marking the Jubilee. Five gardeners from the City of Edinburgh Council’s park team took four weeks to plant more than 35,000 flowers used in the clock. The capital’s Lord Provost, Robert Aldridge, said that the Platinum Jubilee was "a truly historic event" and that it had been important "to find a fitting tribute here in the capital for those who wish to come together and celebrate the occasion." A special service of "celebration and thanksgiving" was held at Glasgow Cathedral as the jubilee celebrations reached their climax. The cathedral's bells were rung 70 times to mark each year of the Queen's reign. The congregation then gave three cheers to the monarch before singing God Save the Queen. Rev Dr Greenshields, the moderator general of the Church of Scotland, praised the Queen for her "humble, self-denying service to God and her country.” DON'T MISSSturgeon treated like ROYALTY at Jubilee thanksgiving service  [NEWS]Nicola Sturgeon's £20m indyref2 spending branded 'shameful' [SPOTLIGHT]Sturgeon praises Queen as SNP MP attends anti-monarchy conference [REVEAL] A member of the congregation told STV News: "“It’s a small token of appreciation from the people of Glasgow and the people of Scotland for the wonderful work that she’s done and I think our celebrations are just as good as anywhere else in the country." Around Scotland, communities celebrated the grand occasion in unique and creative ways. Local Scouts, Cubs and Guides put on a re-enactment of the Queen's coronation in Kelso in the Scottish Borders. Organisers told BBC Scotland all the costumes had been hand made for the event, including an orb made from a plumber's ballcock and gold foil. A "corgi derby" was held in Musselburgh on the town's famous racecourse. Ten corgis vied for the main prize, which was eventually won by Georgie after a photo finish. Her owner, Alison Rumbles, said: "After having two years of the pandemic it’s just so joyful to have something that’s so much fun. We were really shocked that Georgie won. "