Pivdennoukrainska, Ukraine's second-largest nuclear plant, is located near the Mykolaiv region, about 350 km (220 miles) south of the capital Kyiv, which was rocked by several explosions early this morning. Energoatom, the state-run nuclear power operator, said the blasts and the Russian missile spotted near the premises could be linked. It wrote on Telegram: "It's probable that was the missile that was fired in the direction of Kyiv." Powerful explosions were heard in Kyiv, with pictures in the aftermath showing heavy plumes of smoke. Earlier, air raid sirens had gone off across much of the country, including in the Kyiv region. According to Kyiv mayor Vitali Klitschko, it happened in the Darnytski and Dniprovskyi districts. He said at least one person has been hospitalised. Ukraine LIVE: Putin alerts Russia for imminent Satan-2 launch after airstrikes 'fail' Mr Klitschko wrote on Telegram: "Services are already working on site. More detailed information later. "There are currently no dead from missile strikes on infrastructure." Other officials said the bombardment appeared to be targeting Kyiv's railway network. It comes a day after Ukrainian officials said its troops had recaptured a swath of the contested city of Sievierodonetsk in the east of the country in a counter-offensive against Russia – claims backed up by the UK's Ministry of Defence (MoD)'s latest intelligence report. The MoD said Ukrainian servicemen were "likely blunting the operational momentum Russian forces previously gained through concentrating combat units and firepower". It added: "Russian forces committed in this area include personnel mobilised from the reserve of Russian-led Separatist Forces of the self-declared Luhansk People's Republic. "These troops are poorly equipped and trained, and lack heavy equipment in comparison to regular Russian units." Kyiv has been relatively calm in recent weeks after Moscow turned its military focus to the east and south. DON'T MISSPutin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? [ANALYSIS]NATO membership: Is Denmark in Alliance [EXPLAINER]Russia’s ‘five hands’ that could spark nuclear armageddon [INSIGHT] The factory city of Sievierodonetsk is currently one of the biggest ground battles of the war, with the Kremlin seemingly betting its campaign on taking one of the two eastern provinces it claims on behalf of separatist proxies. Serhiy Gaidai, the governor of the Luhansk region that includes Sievierodonetsk, said this morning that Ukrainian troops controlled about half the city after recapturing a large chunk from Russia. He said on Ukrainian television: "It had been a difficult situation, the Russians controlled 70 percent of the city, but over the past two days they have been pushed back. "The city is now, more or less, divided in half." Sievierodonetsk Mayor Oleksandr Stryuk told national television on Saturday there was a shortage of food, fuel and medicine in the city. He said: "The situation is tense, complicated. "Our military is doing everything it can to drive the enemy out of the city." Meanwhile, Ukrainian officials say at least eight people were killed and 11 wounded in Russian shelling in the neighbouring Donetsk region, which with Luhansk makes up the wider Donbas region that the Kremlin hopes to take control of.