Meghan Markle and Prince Harry reunited with senior members of the Royal Family for the first time since Megxit during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend. But the royal couple's Netflix plans were dismantled when palace aides stopped them from taking photos with the Queen. Royal expert Russell Myers claimed that officials were "absolutely" against images amid claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are working on a Netflix documentary. Speaking to TODAY, Mr Myers said: "The Queen did get to meet her great granddaughter Lilibet. "There was no official photography being placed but the reports were that Harry and Meghan did want their friend Misan Harriman to come and have a picture with the Queen. "Of course that would have been a nice family moment but the palace were absolutely adamant that it couldn't take place. "You can't blame them because Harry and Meghan are still rumoured to be doing this fly on the wall documentary with Netflix. It's all getting quite messy." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry photo ban bitter pill to swallow' Harry and Meghan's relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT]William told how to approach Harry to avoid further 'embarrassment' [ANALYSIS]Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry [VIDEO] There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the duke and Charles who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding. Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall meanwhile greeted William and Kate by blowing them a kiss as they met at the West Entrance.