Like many medical conditions, though, it is believed diet can have a lasting impact on arthritis. One expert has recommended adding a popular spice to your food to reduce some of the symptoms. Caroline Hind, registered nutritional therapist for Vitaminology, told Express.co.uk: “Turmeric can promote anti-inflammatory processes in the body. “Enjoy a home-made curry or look for a turmeric latte recipe as turmeric is absorbed best when taken with foods rich in healthy fats.” Turmeric is most commonly used in curries, giving them a yellow colour. Its medicinal properties were backed by WedMD, which said: “Turmeric is a common spice that comes from the root of curcuma longa. “It contains a chemical called curcumin, which might reduce swelling.  READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The ‘common’ sign when you eat that appears in the ‘early stages' “Because curcumin and other chemicals in turmeric might decrease swelling, it is often used to treat conditions that involve pain and inflammation. “People commonly use turmeric for osteoarthritis. “It is also used for hay fever, depression, high cholesterol, a type of liver disease, and itching, but there is no good scientific evidence to support most of these uses.” Turmeric is also used as a dietary supplement for a variety of other conditions, such as digestive disorders, respiratory infections, allergies, liver disease and depression.   Osteoarthritis is the most common type of arthritis in the UK, affecting nearly nine million people. Initially it compromises the smooth cartilage lining of the joint, making movement more difficult and leading to pain and stiffness. It mainly affects joints in the hands, knees, spine and hips. The second most common type of arthritis is rheumatoid arthritis, which is when the body's immune system targets affected joints, causing pain and swelling.  READ MORE: Endometriosis diet: Cutting out gluten can ease symptoms - expert Caroline also recommended a variety of other foods that could help with arthritis. She said: “Collagen is an important source of the building blocks that make up joint cartilage. “Slow-cooked meats and fish, especially when cooked on the bone, have traditionally provided collagen in the human diet. “Vitamin C is important to help the body make use of the collagen building materials, so check you’re eating vegetables and some fruit every day.  “Berries are a particularly good choice to boost your vitamin C intake as they are low in sugar and high in beneficial antioxidants. “Omega-3 oils also have an anti-inflammatory effect and provide fatty acids for the joint (synovial) fluid, helping the body to maintain healthy joints. Include a couple of portions of oily fish a week in your diet – salmon, mackerel, sardines, for example – or look for fish oil or algae oil supplements.” She added: “There are also foods that might exacerbate joint pain.” These include processed foods, particularly those with high sugar and processed oil content. 