A Russian airstrike hit a busy shopping centre in Kremenchuk on Monday, a city in central Ukraine. BBC correspondent Joe Inwood revealed people describe the attack being like “hell of earth”. Referring to President Zelensky’s evening address in which he said that over 1000 people were believed to be inside the shopping centre at time of the attack, he added it is impossible to verify the numbers, but it seems “unlikely anyone would have survived that inferno”. Mr Inwood told BBC Breakfast: “People describe [the attack] being like hell on earth. “President Zelensky said last night that he thought 1000 people were inside. “It’s not possible to verify that, but it seems unlikely anyone would have survived that inferno. “Some of the descriptions that we’ve had from the survivors of this attack have talked over an inferno. “They’ve talked of people being unconscious and dragged from the wreckage, splinters flighting over. “Really a disturbing picture is emerging as to what it was like. “The death roll is already well over ten people. “The Ukrainians have called for a meeting of the United Nations Security Council. READ MORE: UK sent warning as deranged Putin sets sights on global domination “It will take place later today. “They describe this as a brazen terrorist attack. “A continuation of Russia’s attack, not just on this country but on its people. “Those people are continuing to suffer as a consequence”. DON'T MISS: Putin warned as Russian warship enters Denmark's waters [WATCH]Boris Johnson health: PM taken to hospital as Raab forced to step up [LISTEN]Time to stop meddling EU! Truss rallying cry as she plots to DEFY bloc [INSIGHT] The attack at the Ukrainian shopping centre occurred as G7 leaders were meeting in Germany. In a joint statement, the leaders of the G7 condemned the strike and said “attacks on innocent civilians constitute a war crime”. They added: “We stand united with Ukraine in mourning the innocent victims of this brutal attack. Indiscriminate attacks on innocent civilians constitute a war crime. Russian president Putin and those responsible will be held to account. “Today, we underlined our unwavering support for Ukraine in the face of the Russian aggression, an unjustified war of choice that has been raging for 124 days”. At least 18 people are believed to have died so far from the Russian attack, and in statement President Zelensky warned “we must be aware that the losses can be significant”. In his evening address on Monday, he defined the strike “one of the most defiant terrorist attacks in European history”. Referring to the city of Kremenchuk, he added: “A peaceful city, an ordinary shopping mall with women inside, children, ordinary civilians inside. “Only totally insane terrorists, who should have no place on earth, can strike missiles at such an object. And this is not an off-target missile strike, this is a calculated Russian strike, exactly at this shopping mall”. READ NEXT: Brexit border tech fix hailed by Irish firm 'Surprised was dismissed!'Former MPs struggle to get new job after losing seat 'On their knees''Can't tax country out of recession' Tory MP sends warning to RishiHave Your Say: Should Boris Johnson serve three terms?Freddie Mercury's 'terrible' battle with fellow music legend