Bono, whose son Elijah Hewson performed at Glastonbury last week, revealed that he had only discovered his additional family member as an adult. It wasn't until after his mother's death that he learnt his father had hidden an affair - but the 62-year-old rocker wasted no time in getting to know the half-brother who had been born as a result. Bono already has an older brother, Norman, whom he believed was his only sibling, until he reached his forties. However, he then made the bombshell discovery that his father Bob had been having an extra-marital affair and that his heart had been "elsewhere" due to his secret other family. "I do have another brother whom I love and adore that I didn't know I had, or maybe I did," he mused. "My father was obviously going through a lot but partly his head was elsewhere because his heart was elsewhere." READ NOW: Strictly star Shirley Ballas, 61, exposes awkward wardrobe malfunction He elaborated that no-one else in his family had known about the love-child, including mother Iris, who tragically died when he was just 14. Speaking of his half-brother's mum, who he has now welcomed into the family, he added: "I could tell that my father had a deep friendship with this gorgeous woman. "Then they had a child and this was all kept a secret." Originally, Bono had felt incredulous about his father's affair.  He admitted that after his mother's death, he gave his father, with whom he'd always had a "complicated" relationship, a hard time. Yet, he released his feelings at a candle-lit vigil in France, during which he silently asked for his forgiveness. "I went up to this little chapel, there was nobody there and I lit a candle and I got on my knees," he explained. "I said 'I'm sorry I wasn't there for you, you went through a lot' - and I felt free." "He was coping with a lot [and] I feel I wasn't there for him in the way I should have been," he explained. Bono also joked self-deprecatingly that "the annoying gene" would have been present in him too. His father died in 2001, just one year after his secret extra-marital family was revealed. However, the extent of Bono's current involvement with his half-brother remains unclear.