The Duke of York will not be seen in public today at the Garter Day service after Prince Charles and Prince William reportedly lobbied the Queen in an eleventh-hour intervention. It is understood a "family decision" was taken to slash Andrew's involvement to just the lunch and investiture ceremony, both held behind closed doors. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "The Duke of York will attend the investiture and lunch today but will not be part of the procession or service." The decision appears to have been taken at the last minute as Andrew's name remains on the order of service. Earlier reports had suggested that the Duke, who is a Knight of the Garter, would attend the service at St George's Chapel alongside other senior members of the Royal Family. However he will only be involved in the behind-the-scenes lunch and investiture ceremony for new Order of the Garter recipients. Andrew's reputation has been tarnished by his friendship with paedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein and the civil sex assault case brought against him in the US by Virginia Giuffre. He stepped back from public duties in 2019 after his disastrous Newsnight interview. And he lost his HRH style and military titles earlier this year ahead of settling the lawsuit. The Duke has repeatedly and strenuously denied the allegations and the settlement was not an admission of guilt on his part. READ MORE: Meghan & Harry 'unlikely' to have left Netflix happy with Jubilee It comes amid reports Andrew is eyeing up a return to something approaching his former status as a working member of the Royal Family. He is said to want his HRH status back along with his prestigious former role as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards. A source told the Telegraph: "The colonelcy of the Grenadier Guards was his most coveted title and he wants it back. "Having remained a Counsellor of State, he also believes he should be included at royal and state events. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan right not to overshadow Queen's Jubilee [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Andrew axe was 'family decision' [LIVE BLOG]Camilla Tominey claims Andrew needs to 'give public reason to trust' [VIDEO] "Most importantly for him is his status as an HRH and 'Prince of the Blood' and he feels that should be reinstated and his position recognised and respected." Andrew, who is rumoured to be the Queen's favourite child, sparked controversy when he took a front and centre role escorting her to Prince Philip's memorial service back in March. But there has been speculation senior members of the Royal Family did not approve of his appearance and it appears the monarch has conceded to their views regarding Garter Day staged at Windsor Castle. The 96-year-old head of state, who has been suffering from mobility issues, will not be taking part in the procession of Garter Knights who walk through the grounds of Windsor Castle to St George's Hall where the annual service commemorating the Order is held. She is expected to attend the lunch and the investiture ceremony. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for the Duke for comment. 