Vladimir Putin's grip on power in Russia remains unchallenged, but some observers believe the Russian President's health could be his weakness. Speculation surrounding the despot's condition has been a feature of his time in power. It has been claimed he has been ill with cancer, Parkinson's and back problems. But is the Russian leader really ill? Speaking to Deutsche Welle, various medical experts gave their view on a clip of Putin tightly gripping a table during a meeting with Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu. John Hardy, a neurogeneticist at the UK Dementia Research Institute, said: "Real neurologists are unlikely to comment because they are taught never to comment on people who are not their patients. "No sign of parkinsonism in my view. He did not look well…but not Parkinson's disease." Ray Chadhuri, a neurologist at the University of London, added: "Looking at the short clip, I can find no evidence that I can tell of parkinsonism in Putin." Caroline Rassell, chief executive of Parkinson's UK also explained that Parkinson’s is a complex disease which impacts people differently, making it difficult to say for sure whether Putin may have the condition. She said: "It affects everyone differently. "With no definitive diagnostic test, it's something that can only be confirmed after examination by a neurologist or specialist. Media and online speculation is unhelpful." Professor Michael Clarke, defence and security analyst, also addressed the various health rumours when talking to Sky News this week. He said rumours will "circulate", and people often ask "has he got cancer, has he got pancreatic cancer, has he got Parkinson's disease?" Professor Clarke added: "When you see him in these clips that we're seeing increasingly frequently now that Covid is over and he's now coming out of the shadows, where he's been for over two years, and he's making it clear that he's in control – he looks alright. "I've spoken to a number of people who say you cannot detect Parkinson's disease from the way he walks, you cannot detect symptoms of cancer just by looking at photographs." However, the expert added that he suspects Putin is a "hypochondriac". He continued: "On October 7 he will be 70. He is known to hit the Botox quite heavily, I always say that he's trying to embalm himself while he's still alive – he does take a lot of Botox. READ MORE: Putin setback as Scholz steps up Ukraine and Moldova EU bid "He moves around with doctors, there's known to be a little team of doctors who are never far away, and it's said that he leaves meetings at frequent intervals to go and consult with somebody. "I suspect that he's only a hypochondriac, to be honest." Russia's foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, addressed Putin's health in May, assuring the world that his leader is fit and healthy. He said that "you can watch him on screens, read and listen to his performances" and "I don't think that sane people can see signs of some kind of illness or poor health". DON'T MISS'One side or the other will be successful' Russian war at key moment [INSIGHT]UK Royal Navy carries out NATO patrols in Mediterranean Sea [ANALYSIS]Fatalities double for Voloodymyr Zelensky's 'warriors' [INSIGHT] Independent Russian media claimed in April that Putin travels with a group of medical specialists, including one who is an expert in thyroid cancer. Proekt alleged that Putin makes regular trips to Sochi in the company of doctors from Moscow’s Central Clinical Hospital. They even claimed the Russian leader attempted to boost his health by bathing in deer antlers.