The fire broke out yesterday at Smurfit Kappa, one of the world’s leading paper-based packaging companies based in Birmingham, causing thousands of tonnes of cardboard and paper to go up in flames. West Midlands Fire Service has declared a "major incident", as more than 20 pumps and 110 firefighters were called to the scene. The fire service operation has been scaled back from 110 firefighters to 50 today. Some parts of the plant were still on fire at around midday. No injuries have been reported. The A47 Heartlands Parkway was closed in both directions as a result of the incident, and remained closed out of the city centre today. Some residents living in the surrounding area woke up to their cars covered in ash. One eyewitness has said the area smells like "rotten eggs". A reporter for Birmingham Live described the scene, saying: "It absolutely stinks - smells like rotten eggs. "White smoke is still billowing across the nearby dual carriageway. "I'm walking along the Heartlands Parkway now and you can still see light smoke and bits of paper blowing across the road. "One side of the carriageway remains shut while fire crews remain at the scene - most likely for the rest of the day." A statement from the fire service said: "At 7.40pm on Sunday, June 12, we were called to an incident on Mount Street, Nechells, Birmingham. "This incident involves a large amount of paper and cardboard bales on fire at a warehouse. "At the height of the incident, we had more than 30 fire appliances in attendance - including two aerial hydraulic platforms, multiple fire engines, a high volume water pumping unit, and one of our drones.  "Crews from stations across the West Midlands are working extremely hard to tackle the blaze using main jets. "We are working closely with Police and Ambulance colleagues, the Environment Agency, Severn Trent Water, and on-site staff, to bring the incident to a safe conclusion. "There are no reports of any casualties." Smurfit Kappa, which runs the recycling plant, said the fire broke out in an "adjacent premesis" and was carried to the paper mill by high winds. A spokesperson for the company said: "At approximately 7.40pm yesterday evening, a fire broke out in an adjacent premises to the Smurfit Kappa SSK Paper Mill in Birmingham. "High winds carried the fire which reached the mill’s recovered fibre yard." They added: "Smurfit Kappa would like to thank both West Midlands Fire Service staff and the SSK team for their swift and professional response in controlling the fire within a few hours and ensuring the safety of all. "The paper mill itself is unaffected and we do not expect any material impact on production."