Charles (played by Kevin Mathurin) has been lingering in the background of a few storylines recently on Emmerdale, following the drama surrounding Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) and her exit from the village earlier this year. With his partner, Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker), visiting her daughter in Ibiza for the past few weeks, the vicar has felt like a lost part as he has felt very lonely now his son, Ethan Anderson (Emile John) is in a relationship with Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey). However, he will have his hands full when he comes face to face with his estranged daughter in next week's episodes of the ITV soap. The drama begins as Charles and Ethan are on tenterhooks with each other following an argument they will have later this week. With loneliness creeping up on him, Charles has been spending more time with Marcus and he has made it harder for his son to enjoy his romance. They decide to finally put their differences aside and it seems the father and son duo are back on track but a curveball is then thrown their way. As Charles meets with Marcus as the Hop, he is shocked when Ethan walks in and explains he has spoken with his mother. It turns out his sister, Naomi Anderson (Karene Peter), who was adopted at birth and only recently got back in contact with her birth mother, has gone missing. READ MORE: Amanda Owen parents: Who are the Yorkshire Shepherdess' mum and dad? Unfortunately for Charles, it seems he has a part to play in Naomi going incognito because he refused to meet her when she reached out to meet him. The guilt weighs heavy on his shoulders when he realises he should have been there for her and he goes to church to pray for her safety. Having developed a bond with the vicar and seeing how upset he is, Marcus decides he is going to do some digging to find Naomi. It seems his efforts prove fruitful as the heartthrob discovers a picture of the vicar's daughter and presents it to him. Seeing his flesh and blood for the first time, Charles decides he is going to try and track her down and get to know her. Just as his search is about to begin, Manpreet returns home and is shocked to hear her partner is going to look for his daughter. It seems it will be harder than he first thought as his initial investigations hit a dead end, meaning he has to go back to square one. For Ethan, this is also playing heavily on his mind as he wonders what it will be like to have a sister in his life after being an only child for so long. Whilst the lawyer contemplates the newcomer arriving, Charles' efforts to find Naomi give another avenue for him to explore. As he searches at a bar he thinks she might be working at, he is baffled to see her standing in front of him for the very first time. DON'T MISS...Lisa Riley weight loss: Soap star dropped 12st while enjoying treats [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb details health woes during heatwave [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Kelvin Fletcher sparks Tom Selleck comparisons with tash [PICTURES] Unfortunately, she is having an argument with the manager of the establishment and Charles is determined to defend his daughter. Against his better judgement, he ends up pushing the person to the ground and in the heat of the moment, he reveals he is Naomi's father. The newcomer is shocked to hear her father is standing in front of her but what does this mean for their relationship going forward? As Charles learns more about his daughter's past and her life with her adoptive family, he could learn she had a baby of her own. However, due to the way she ended up with her adoptive family, she could have thought the child was better off without her. Being so young at the time and a single mother, she could have felt she couldn't have given the child everything it needed. Therefore, she put it up for adoption, just as she was, to have a chance to be a part of a family that would care for them. When the vicar discovers this information, he could be determined to go searching for them and raise the child as his own if he has to. He knows how much it would have pained Naomi to give them up and so if he were to raise his grandchild, she could. Be a part of their life. Will this make the vicar and his daughter closer or will the newcomer be furious the child has been brought back into her life? The actor who plays Charles, Kevin, has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media about the possibilities of more of the extended Anderson family turning up. Kevin explained: "It's good to flesh out the characters a bit and the more we delve into the Andersons, the more of Charles' past gets revealed. "As a character, I think it's awkward for him because he knows he's not perfect but it's such a close-knit village for his parishioners to sort of all find out that Charles' past is getting revealed and he's got a daughter he didn't even know about. "It's just wrecking this persona Charles has as this man of God. That in the past, he was a bit wayward and I like showing that." Will the search for his grandchild make him feel he has unburdened himself of the guilt he has been feeling for Naomi? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.