Eamonn Holmes, 62, took to his social media accounts and explained he is currently under doctors orders to take a short break. The presenter has been away from his regular hosting gig on GB News with Isabel Webster but promised he will be back next week. In view of his one million Twitter followers, he captioned the post: "Just to let you know..." The message began: "Hi everyone, Many of you have been asking why I haven’t been presenting GB News for the past week. "Unfortunately, due to a reoccurence [sic] of a long-term back condition, I’ve had to undergo some unexpected hospital treatment and am now following Doctor’s orders by taking a short time off. "However, I’m looking forward to being back alongside Isabel, my Breakfast co-presenter and friend, next week. READ MORE: Prince Charles 'segregated' Harry and Meghan claims Fern Britton "Even though I only joined GB News six months ago the whole team and our amazing audience have shown me immense support which has been greatly appreciated. "I now just need some time with my family to heal and recuperate. See you soon, Eamonn." The presenter has since been inundated with messages of support following his announcement. GB News penned: "We hope you feel better soon @EamonnHolmes! Sending love and best wishes from all of us here at GB News." Holly Hamilton wrote: "Get well soon Eamonn!" Julia Hartley-Brewer penned: "Hope you feel better soon." Daisy McAndrew commented: "Sorry to read this Eamonn. [Fingers crossed emoji] for a speedy recovery." Teresa Flanagan remarked: "Sorry to hear this Eamonn and sorry that you missed the jubilee celebration but your health is the most important thing. Take care of yourself and we will look forward to having you back when your better. Your the best." DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty sparks flag fury amid Jubilee 'mockery' claims[LATEST]Susanna Reid warns viewer to 'stop flirting' after GMB swipe[GMB]Jeremy Clarkson's awkward encounter with man 'pleasuring himself'[COLUMN] Linda added: "Get well soon Eamonn. Breakfast won’t be the same." Eamonn has opened up about his chronic pain issues in recent months but the presenter did not detail his reason for going into hospital. He recently underwent various therapy treatments to help deal with his back pain. The presenter recently told Best magazine about how he gets through the daily pain. He told the publication: "Swearing has got a bad reputation – which I personally think it doesn’t deserve. "I have to be honest, I like a swear or two or three… it makes me feel better. How can anyone deal with pain without swearing? "I have had a lot of pain over the past five or six years, so my swear box runneth over. I’m not saying it’s better than a couple of painkilling tablets, but it certainly has an initial short, sharp effect." Eamonn joined the GB News Breakfast Show in January 2022 after leaving ITV’s This Morning, which he hosted with his wife Ruth Langsford. Breakfast With Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News. 