Audrey (played by Sue Nicholls) has been on the cobbles since 1979. The Coronation Street favourite has always enjoyed a drink, but recently the habit is concerning her family, especially her daughter Gail Platt (Helen Worth). She and the others have tried to keep Audrey away from the booze, especially following surgery she had to have recently. Audrey has resented being told what to do by her children and grandchildren though, and has pushed back. With her estranged son Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) making a comeback, could the memorable character return just in time to say a final goodbye to his mother? Stephen returned to Weatherfield on Friday's episode of the ITV soap. Official spoilers confirm it won't be long before he is left panicking after Audrey hurts herself. A row commences between him and Gail over whose fault it was that Audrey got hurt, but when things have calmed down Stephen feels guilty. He later apologises to his half-sister for blaming her for Audrey’s accident and offers to broker peace between the mother and daughter. At Audrey’s bedside, with Gail in tow, Stephen firmly warns her that if they don’t patch things up, he’ll be on the first plane home. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine opens up on ‘heart-breaking change in family Will Audrey stop being so cold with her daughter? Or will it perhaps be too late if things take a tragic turn? It could be that Audrey's injuries were worse than people had realised. Although she is awake and conscious following the accident, the injury could trigger a medical emergency. Could one of the longest-serving Coronation Street characters meet a devastating end as Gail and Stephen are forced to say a permanent goodbye? The shock will likely hit Gail hard because she has spent the last year or so bickering with her mother about her drinking.  Last year, she went as far as to stage an intervention when Audrey refused to give up driving. When she returned home following a minor crash, she explained to Gail, David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) and Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) that she didn't want any more rows. "Neither do we," Gail replied, adding: "Sit yourself down." She continued: "We can have a nice family chat." "Family chat, what's that when it's at home?" Gail asked. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman shut down over 'claustrophobic' find [VIDEO]Doctors star details new film role away from BBC soap [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Bernie Taylor blackmails Rainie over Stuart [THEORY] Gail sheepishly commented: "Well you know, we can spend the afternoon having a long friendly natter." "Hang on, I didn't know this was all afternoon," Sarah remarked. "I'm really busy back at the factory." David agreed, adding: "I thought this thing was going to take like 30 minutes." A confused Audrey asked: "What thing? Is there something going on here?" David then began to root through his grandmother's handbag. "It's my idea," Gail finally explained, adding: "We're staging an intervention." "More like daylight robbery!" She fumed as David took Audrey's car keys from her bag. "It's for the best, gran," Sarah commented. Since then, things have got worse as Audrey's drinking has spiralled out of control. Gail ended up covered in wine in a recent episode after trying to stop her mother from finishing a bottle.  With Stephen back in Weatherfield, it seems like he could be the one to calm things down in the family. However, with Audrey's health already declining, the accident she had could be fatal. Audrey might take a turn for the worst and die just as her children think she's on the road to recovery. Stephen might come to resent Gail and the others for having a close relationship with Audrey, which he never had. Forced by her father, Gail gave Stephen to a young childless couple after giving birth to him. Throughout the last couple of decades, he has made a few appearances and become closer with the family. Could this latest visit have happened just in time? Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.