Newcastle could turn their attention to Manchester United target Dominic Calvert-Lewin if a potential move for Reims striker Hugo Ekitike falls through, according to the Daily Star. The Ligue 1 forward has been the Magpies' top target since January however the club could look elsewhere if progress is not made on the deal. Newcastle have already agreed a fee of £30 million for the Frenchman who scored 11 goals in 25 games last season. However, the club are yet to agree personal terms with the 19-year-old, who continues to be offered across Europe by his agent. Eddie Howe has made signing a mobile, goalscoring target man his main objective and is prepared to be patient in his approach for the young Frenchman but he may look to other targets which include Everton’s Calvert-Lewin to ensure they can improve their options up front. The Englishman suffered an injury-hit campaign last season scoring just five times in 17 Premier League games. However, the striker started to regain form towards the end of the season scoring twice in the final three games. According to the Daily Star, Newcastle see Calvert-Lewin as a genuine alternative to Ekitike and would be prepared to make a move for the England star so they are not left completely empty-handed if the Frenchman decides to go elsewhere. However, the Toffees have placed a £50m evaluation on the striker which Newcastle would be unwilling to pay so would therefore be looking to enter negotiations with the Merseyside club. Everton are struggling under financial fair play regulations and have suffered losses of over £250m over the last two seasons and hence may be forced to sell players. The club are aware of Newcastle’s interest so may be willing to discuss a move should a transfer offer come in. Newcastle will have to move quickly to secure the forward’s signature as the striker is attracting interest from other Premier League teams including Manchester United and Arsenal. The north-east club are set to be one of the biggest spenders this summer with the transfer window posing the first opportunity for the new Saudi owners to spend outside the football season. The club made an impression during January signing internationals like Bruno Guimaraes and Kieran Trippier alongside solid professionals like Dan Burn and Matt Targett. However, this summer could provide the club an opportunity to pursue even more ambitious targets. Toon have already spent £12m to make Matt Targett’s loan deal permanent from Aston Villa. They have been linked with a move for a new goalkeeper, with Burnley’s Nick Pope and Manchester United’s Dean Henderson both interesting those at St James’ Park.