Cleaning the kettle is a chore which is often forgotten about. However, keeping on top of the job can prevent a build-up of limescale, a white chalky substance. According to Harvey Water Softeners, drinking from a kettle with limescale is safe, but it can impact the taste and leave a chalky white build-up floating in the drink. Mark Greig, head of supplier management at nationwide electrical appliance experts, Marks Electrical, told Express.co.uk: “Whether it’s being used to make a morning coffee or help boil rice for dinner, our kettle gets lots of use throughout the day. “Unfortunately, over time this leads to white deposits, known as limescale, building up in kettles. “Not only does limescale build-up ruin a nice cup of tea, it also affects the efficiency of the appliance as well. “At a time when energy prices continue to rise, it’s never been more important to maintain your kettle and ensure it operates as efficiently as possible, reducing the overall cost of your bills.” If limescale builds up in the kettle, Mark said the appliance will require more energy to heat the water. READ MORE: Surfaces to ‘avoid’ using citric acid due to ‘corrosive properties’ In turn, this increases power consumption and ultimately “running costs”. The expert added: “Thankfully, removing limescale from your kettle is a fairly straightforward job and is therefore easy to keep on top of. “The most effective way to clean your kettle is with the white vinegar and water method. “To do this, you need to fill the kettle up with a solution of half vinegar and half water and let it soak overnight. DON'T MISS:Bathroom: ‘Small changes’ to make to see cuts in energy bills [EXPERT]How to identify garden weeds - what to look for [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer boosts property value by £75k [PICTURES] “Be sure that no one tries to use it during this time.” In the morning, Mark recommended draining the kettle and giving it a thorough rinse out. He said: “You should be able to see the limescale falling off pretty easily. “For the final step, boil the kettle with fresh water and empty it one more time just to get rid of any lingering odours from the vinegar. “To maintain the kettle overtime and prevent limescale build-up from getting too bad in the future, it’s a good idea to purchase a kettle protector. “This will mean that you won’t have to worry about cleaning it so regularly because the stainless steel ball will work to attract deposits away from the base and sides of the kettle.” Mark recommended rinsing and squeezing the kettle protector each month to clear out the limescale. According to another expert, limescale is more likely to build-up if you live in a hard water area. Sarah Dempsey, cleaning expert at MyJobQuote, told Express.co.uk that descaling the kettle can make it boil a lot quicker. Sarah said: “This makes it more energy efficient and depending on your energy tariff, it could save you between one pence and three pence every time you make a cuppa. “It’s not a huge saving, but if you use your kettle regularly, this will add up over the course of a year. “You can use a shop-bought limescale remover or simply use white vinegar or lemon juice.” The cleaning expert recommended boiling the kettle and leave the mixture to work before rinsing it out.