Meghan Markle reunited with the Royal Family at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee for the first time since Megxit earlier this month. The Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry held a birthday party for their daughter Lilibet during the weekend which Meghan "hoped" would reconcile the family. Speaking on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean claimed: "Meghan Markle was really hoping to reconcile with Kate using the children to try and rebond the whole family together. "One way or another that really wasn't meant to be." He added: "The whole visit was very strange to say the least. "The few staff that did re-interact with Harry and Meghan said it was like meeting a totally different person. "Meghan was rather subdued and shy. She didn't really interact with people and seemingly didn't want to get on the wrong side of them." READ MORE: Kate and William 'don't want to be seen cosying up to Harry' - claim It comes as the "thoughtful" Duchess alled volunteers at a Grenfell community kitchen to mark the fifth anniversary of the tragedy. The Hubb Community Kitchen said Meghan left a "lovely voice message" and asked "how we are, about our children and families and giving us news of hers". In a Facebook post, the group said the duchess - mother to Archie and Lili - was "just being her beautiful kind self". The Hubb Community Kitchen evolved after a group of local women affected by the devastating 2017 fire gathered to prepare fresh food for their families and neighbours in the aftermath. Meghan collaborated with volunteers by supporting the creation, and writing the foreword, for their award-winning charity cookbook Together: Our Community Cookbook. The Kitchen's post read: "I just found this picture of us all, on the day our cookbook came out. The Duchess had wrapped a book for each one of us and wrote a lovely message to each lady on the first page. "Always very thoughtful, today we received a lovely voice message from the Duchess, being the 5 years anniversary of the Grenfell tragedy, asking how we are, about our children and families and giving us news of hers. "Just being her beautiful kind self." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals [INSIGHT]Kate and William send 'direct message' to Meghan and Harry [ANALYSIS]Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [VIDEO] Meghan was back in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee earlier this month with the Duke of Sussex, Archie and Lili. She made an appearance with Harry at the service of thanksgiving held to mark the Queen's milestone. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge joined Grenfell survivors and the bereaved at a memorial service on the fifth anniversary of the fire on Tuesday. Kate and William were among those who observed a 72-second silence at the base of the tower in north Kensington, London, in memory of the 72 men, women and children who died.