Surviving Summer landed on Netflix recently and the sun-drenched, surfing series has kept audiences hooked. The show follows the classic story of a rebellious teen packed off to foreign climes to find herself. TikTok star and actress Sky Katz leads the show as the titular character Summer Torres, who leaves Brooklyn for the more sedate world of Shorehaven and its surfing folk including local heartthrob Ari Gibson (played by Kai Lewins). According to IMDb, up-and-coming star Lewins stands at 5ft 5in or 1.6m. Much like his character, Lewins can also surf which was why he won the role of Ari, a surfing champ who is slowly returning to competitions following time rehabilitating. Surviving Summer’s executive producer Joanna Werner said the programme-makers were looking for both an experienced actor and someone who could surf to take on the part of Ari - with Lewins proving to be the right fit. Lewins has been surfing since he was 14-year-old with his friends but had never competed but said he did it purely for the joy of it. READ MORE: Kai Lewins age: How old Surviving Summer star? He told the Sydney Morning Herald: “I’d get to school basically falling asleep because I’d been up since 4am, catching a bus, then a train, then having a 20-minute walk, then I’d surf and then walk, bus and train to school.” The star said his surfing ability was reflected in the fact he wasn’t a competitor but saw the sport as simply a hobby. Surviving Summer had something of an unofficial premiere recently with Lewins thanking co-star Lilliana Bowrey and Alisa Bowrey for their help to make it happen. Lewins shared a series of snaps from the event from mid-June with his 60,000 Instagram followers. He captioned the post: “A massive thank you to the powerhouses @lillianabowrey and @alisabowrey for organising the unofficial premiere of Surviving Summer. “Held at the @thomassurfboards factory, it was the first time I got to watch the show with others around. “The energy of the groms (and their parents) in the crowd made me fully realise we’d created something truly special. “Since release, the worldwide support for this show has been monumental. I am unbelievably blessed to be a part of it.” DON'T MISS...Joao Gabriel Marinho age: How old is Surviving Summer star? [EXPLAINER]Where is Surviving Summer filmed? [INSIGHT]Outer Banks season 2: Is Ward Cameron really dead? [ANALYSIS] Surviving Summer has been in the top 10 on Netflix around the world since its release and there are hopes for a second outing. As of yet, there has been no news about a season two and it may well be too early with the show first hitting screens on June 3. Nonetheless, there’s plenty of scope for the story to continue as Summer gets deeper into surfing and living in Shorehaven. There could also be further development in the romance between Summer and Ari after they shared a kiss. Summer also has more demons to face and this could be another way for a potential season two to go. Despite being a show primarily for teenagers to enjoy, Surviving Summer was filmed in the same way as any adult drama in Australia would be - rather than the American approach. Werner explained: “Australian performance, particularly with kids, is much more grounded and real. We treat them the same way we would in premium adult drama.” She added: “There’s no difference for me between Surviving Summer and The Newsreader: we’re not looking for the laughs or playing to the back row.” Surviving Summer is streaming on Netflix now