Kate and Prince William recently took part in the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee across the UK. The Duke and Duchess were said to have received the biggest cheer from the crowd out of all the Royal Family members during Friday's service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral in London. And it appears Catherine is seeking to cement this positive sentiment after it emerged the future Queen Consort was holding "private talks" with a leading opinion pollster. The meeting between Kate and Kelly Beaver, chief executive of the polling organisation Ipsos, is said to have taken place at Kensington Palace on Tuesday. Although a Kensington Palace spokesman did not comment on what was discussed the Duchess may be aware her popularity over the past year has exploded to a net favourability rating of +55, reports the Daily Mail. It comes as Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's popularity has plummeted in the UK. According to a YouGov poll, conducted with 1,692 adults in the UK in May, the Duchess of Sussex is "disliked" by 49 percent of those surveyed and "liked" by 24 percent. READ MORE: Kate dazzles DAYS after diary clash sparked absence from Lili's party Meghan is seen as "famous" by 95 percent of people and 22 percent have a "neutral" opinion of her. Meanwhile, Harry is seen as "famous" by 95 percent but "disliked" by 43 percent, with 23 percent expressing a "neutral" view. The most popular royal, according to the poll, is the Queen, with eight in ten Britons (81 percent) holding a positive opinion of her, versus the 12 percent who see her negatively. After the Queen, the next most popular royal is Prince William, followed by his wife Kate. Commenting on recent opinion polling of Harry and Meghan by OnePoll Royal Research, conservative commentator Nile Gardiner claimed it signalled "a spectacular decline and fall for Meghan". He said: "Meghan Markle is now the second most unpopular member of the Royal Family with the British public, after Prince Andrew. Prince Harry is in third place. "A spectacular decline and fall for Meghan." Perhaps hoping to further capitalise on his positive approval ratings, Prince William was spotted on the streets of London this week, selling copies of the "Big Issue" magazine, a title that is normally sold by the homeless. In a LinkedIn post with a photograph of William, Matthew Gardner, a retired chief superintendent, said his brother-in-law had spotted Prince William, 39, and enjoyed a "private moment with our future King who was humble and working quietly in the background, helping the neediest". He said: "The finale to this unique occasion was when Prince William asked my brother-in-law if he wanted to buy the 'Big Issue', to which he replied 'I have no change'. "At this point, William produced a mobile card machine. You cannot teach that." DON'T MISSPrince William stuns as future King spotted selling Big Issue [PICTURES]Kate sparks royal fans frenzy as she blows kiss to Prince Louis [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry praised as royals urged to quit 'petty squabbles' [OPINION] William's office declined to comment on the report. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have already been busy back at work after the weekend's celebrations, with William taking part in an investiture ceremony for Sir Patrick Vallance at Buckingham Palace and Kate visiting a baby bank in Brent on Wednesday. The community-led project helps struggling mothers with essential items, acting in a similar way to a traditional food bank. On her visit, Kate praised volunteers for their support of the community as the nation deals with the cost of living crisis. The Duchess wore business-like black trousers and a cream tailored jacket with a matching clutch bag as she was greeted by Sophie Livingstone, the chief executive of Little Village. She was given a tour of the centre as she heard about its work supporting families, both by equipping them with essential items for babies and children up to the age of five, but also by linking them with key services including mental health support. As she went around the range of clothes and shoes on offer for babies, she picked up a pair of navy blue lace-up baby shoes, remarking that she felt surprised when looking at baby shoes that "Louis did fit in those once!"