Covid chaos continues at Wimbledon as a third top men's player has been forced to withdraw from the tournament. 17th seed Roberto Bautista Agut announced on Thursday morning that he had pulled out of his match against Daniel Galan after testing positive for Covid. It follows withdrawals from former finalists Marin Cilic and Matteo Berrettini. Bautista Agut became the latest top player in the men's draw to withdraw from Wimbledon after testing positive for Covid. The former semi-finalist had been due to face Galan last on Court 3 on Thursday for his second-round match. But the 17th seed took to social media to announce he had pulled out as the third man to test positive for Covid just four days into the tournament. "Sadly today I have notified the organization of #Wimbledon of my withdrawal from the competition," he wrote on Instagram. "Yesterday I started not feeling very well and I tested positive for Covid-19. Symptoms are not very serious, but I think this is the best decision. Thank you all for your support always. I hope to be back on court soon." JUST IN: Tan's partner makes u-turn on 'angry' rant after Serena Williams win  2017 finalist Marin Cilic withdrew from the tournament on Day 1 of The Championships on Monday after testing positive. And he was joined by last year's runner-up and one of the favourites for the tittle - Matteo Berrettini - the following day. The Italian was undefeated on grass since returning at the Stuttgart Open, winning the title there before defending his Queen's crown a week later. Taking to Instagram on Tuesday ahead of his opening match, he wrote: "I am heartbroken to announce that I need to withdraw from @wimbledon due to a positive COVID-19 test result. I have had flu symptoms and been isolating the last few days. Despite symptoms not being severe, I decided it was important to take another test this morning to protect the health and safety of my fellow competitors and everyone else involved in the tournament. I have no words to describe the extreme disappointment I feel. The dream is over for this year, but I will be back stronger." DON'T MISSFans are left FUMING over Andy Murray's match being dumped from TVAndy Murray 'very frustrated' at missed opportunity at WimbledonMurray insists Wimbledon return next year hinges on ‘difficult issue'  Following what appeared to be a mini outbreak of Covid among the men's draw, Wimbledon announced new safety measures including increased cleaning "in high traffic touch points, enhanced ventilation and provision of more hand sanitiser stations". Players will also see a change around the grounds with masks now being made readily available for anyone who wants them. And they will also be required to wear masks for medical consultations if they take place indoors. But players like Rafael Nadal have admitted they remain unfazed, despite the pair practising together at the weekend and posing for a photo. Speaking about the world No 11's positive test, the Spaniard said: "For the moment I am feeling great, no problems at all. The main thing is I feel very sorry for him because he was playing fantastically, winning two tournaments before this tournament started."