The £326 payment will arrive from July 14, as part of a £37 billion Government package to help people meet soaring costs. The money will go out to all those on Universal Credit, income-based Jobseekers Allowance, income-related Employment and Support Allowance and Income Support.    Those on Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit and Pension Credit will also get the funds. The amount of Universal Credit or other benefit payments a person usually receives will not be affected, unless their situation has changed. Cost of living payments will be tax free and will not count towards the benefit cap. People will receive the second instalment, of £324 (£650 in total), in the autumn. READ MORE: HSBC customer devastated as she loses £22,000 in scam  More than eight million people will get the initial July payment, alongside several other measures to support people on low incomes. Pensioners are to receive a separate £300 payment, as well as £150 for disabled people. All households are to receive £400 to help with energy bills, and an extra £150 council tax rebate for properties in bands A to D. This means that Britons on the lowest incomes will receive at least £1,200 in support this year. Changes are also coming in for the Universal Credit taper rate and work allowances, worth £1,000 a year. This will benefit 1.7 million working claimants. The National Living Wage is also to rise to £9.50 an hour. Ministers have also allocated an extra £421 million for the Household Support Fund, which provides help for vulnerable families. The money is distributed by local authorities with the fund extended until the end of September. Dates for the additional payments to disabled people and pensioners will be confirmed soon. The Chancellor’s earlier cost of living support, which total £350, of which £200 would have had to be paid back, was criticised as not being targeted towards those that desperately needed it. Some have warned that people who are entitled to benefits but simply aren’t claiming them will still miss out on the cash boost. Universal Credit is one of the main benefits for Britons on a low income or out of work. To be eligible for the benefit, a person must live in the UK, be aged 18 or over, be under state pension age, and have £16,000 or less in money, savings and investments. There is a benefits calculator on the Government website where an individual can find out which benefits they are eligible for. 