Jack Grealish has launched a passionate defence of his Premier League title celebrations, claiming he is treated in a different light to his England team-mates, who have also spent time holidaying in Ibiza, Marbella and Las Vegas since the conclusion of the season. The £100million man fulfilled a childhood dream nearly two weeks ago when he got his hands on the Premier League trophy to cap a memorable debut campaign with champions Manchester City. While he knows better than anyone that he can improve his game after scoring just three league goals all season, Grealish was still determined to make the most of his side's achievements after they pipped Liverpool by a single point following a dramatic final day of action. The 26-year-old was sporting a croaky voice the morning after City's stunning 3-2 triumph over his former side Aston Villa before the team embarked on their open-top bus parade around Manchester city centre. Celebrations continued long into the night at City's own private party shortly after Grealish was pictured arriving on stage in sunglasses with a bottle of beer and a Jagerbomb. He was evidently living the dream and did not want the fun to stop there either, jetting off to Ibiza the following morning, where he was pictured with Wayne Lineker at his club Ocean Beach. READ MORE: Paraguay legend unleashes on Jack Grealish after 'talking s***' about Miguel Almiron As the new poster boy of English football and a face of Gucci, Grealish is now conscious that the public are watching his every move but despite that, he sees no reason why he should be treated any different to any of his Three Lions team-mates - who also spent downtime in Ibiza, Las Vegas and Marbella last week. He told The Mirror: "I'm doing what I have loved doing my whole life. I'm the most expensive British player but I'm also the Jack from Solihull who my friends and family know. I'll never let that leave me, no matter what anyone says. "I know people were saying last week, 'Oh, he's doing too much'. But what? I've just won the Premier League. It's a dream come true. Why can't I go on holiday? "There's people that are at England with me now who went to Vegas, Ibiza, Marbella, all these places. No one said a word, but because it was me, people were saying things. READ MORELiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting "I love coming here. I love training, playing with the lads. It's such a good bunch. We always look forward to playing with each other." Grealish is now looking to make another big impression on the international stage after he became everyone's favourite England star ahead of last summer's European Championships. Competition is fierce in attack though and some difficult decisions lie ahead for Gareth Southgate, who left the likes of Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford out of his latest squad. England travel to World Cup qualification opponents Hungary on Saturday in the opening match of their latest Nations League campaign. They then face Germany in Munich before hosting Italy and Hungary at Wembley Stadium. Grealish was at the centre of some mild controversy when he appeared to disrespect Newcastle's Miguel Almiron during an Instagram video shared by Bernardo Silva amidst City's title celebrations. The playmaker had previously conceded that he broke down in tears of joy at the full-time whistle when City were crowned champions. “Honestly it’s unbelievable. After the third goal went in I ran on the pitch then I ran down the tunnel just crying my eyes out. As a kid all you want to do is play in the Premier League, then you want to win it," he said after the title triumph. “We know with our quality we can beat anyone, which we did in the last 20 minutes or so. (It means) everything. When I signed friends and family asked me ‘what do you actually want to win?’ and for me I’ve always wanted the Premier League. “It (playing for City) is more difficult than I thought, but I’ve enjoyed every minute. I stepped out of my comfort zone, new changing room, new surroundings. It has been difficult, but this today makes up for it.”