Two years on from Prince Harry's royal exit, tensions between Prince William and his younger brother are ongoing. Speaking on GB News, royal expert Charles Rae discussed the brothers' "once-close" relationship and claimed that William is still "wounded" by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's remarks about, and accusations towards, the family in their attacks. Speaking on the show about the brothers' strained relationship, Mr Rae claimed that he "can't see any way of it being solved". He added: "William is very hurt and wounded by things that Harry and Meghan have said. "Particularly on the Oprah Winfrey show, the racist allegations, and everything else." The royal expert stated that William is "growing in stature". READ MORE: Prince Andrew breaks cover after Duke hit by new legal nightmare over Epstein rape claim He also points out that William has "grown closer to his father", adding that Charles and William are the "two leading lights in the Royal Family". The father and son are "advising the Queen of what's going on". The royal expert made reference to the recent Garter ceremony whereby William reportedly said that "he's not turning up" if disgraced Prince Andrew was in attendance. Mr Rae concluded saying "he's [William] got a lot of stature coming on". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Meghan the tyrant!' Cruel French take aim at Duchess of Sussex In the couple's interview with Oprah Winfrey, which aired in March 2021, Meghan and Harry made some shocking claims about their time as senior members of the British Royal Family. They accused a member of the family - not the Queen or Duke of Edinburgh - of making a racist comment about their son, Archie. Oprah was left opened-mouthed when the Duchess claimed a fellow royal commented on how dark their son Archie's skin tone might be before he was born. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [INSIGHT]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO] Harry also claimed his brother was "trapped" within the royal system and lifted the lid on their tense relationship. Royal author Robert Jobson detailed the fall-out from the interview in his book 'William at 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch'. Within the book, Jobson claims Harry’s comments “infuriated” his brother. He also claimed that William was left “staggered” by the allegation that he was trapped.