The unjustified stoppage is also a savage blow to the credibility of the Labour party. As the misery continues through the week, the opposition’s epic disunity, feeble leadership and unfitness for office are graphically exposed in the chaos on the network. This deepening crisis stems from the reality that the party is being pulled in opposite directions. On one hand, Labour was founded as the political wing of the trade union movement and to this day remains its creature. The unions still provide much of Labour’s funding, organisational muscle and policy programme. On the other hand, Labour knows that much of the electorate is fed up with the disruptive bullying by the unions in defence of extravagant pay claims and outdated working practices. With their ancient Marxist rhetoric about the class struggle and their relish for confrontation, the militants – most of whom earn far more than average workers – only damage Labour’s cause as a responsible, alternative Government. So the party ends up with a vacuum at the top and conflict in its ranks. This incoherent mess is epitomised by Sir Keir Starmer himself, whose stance on the strike mixes timidity with duplicity. When he ran for the Labour leadership in 2020, he boasted of his credentials as a brave warrior for his union allies. “I will work shoulder to shoulder with the trade unions to stand up for working people,” he declared in a campaign video. Yet today, he has nothing to say about the rail strike beyond hand-wringing expressions of regret, meaningless parrot cries for Government-led talks and muted warnings to his front-benchers not to join picket lines. He is all too reminiscent of the Liberal statesman Sir John Simon, another lawyer, of whom it was said, “He has sat on the fence so long that the iron has entered his soul” Sir Keir’s equivocations are destroying his already limited authority. Some shadow ministers have defied his approach by their open, full-blooded support for the rail strikers on the picket line. Deputy leader Angela Rayner has made clear her unqualified backing for walkout, tweeting that “the workers have been left with no choice." So far no action has been taken to enforce discipline. Sir Keir’s maladroit handling of Labour’s response to the rail strike is typical of his failing leadership. A recent survey by the party discovered that most voters find him “boring”, prompting one shadow minister to say, “the consensus is that he’s a plank of wood”. In desperation to counter the charges of dullness, his limited band of supporters trumpet his supposed integrity in contrast to Boris Johnson’s maverick style of governance. Yet Starmer is the man who is currently under investigation for allegedly breaking lockdown rules, who campaigned vigorously for the tinpot revolutionary Jeremy Corbyn to be made Prime Minister, and who cynically fought to overturn the 2016 EU referendum result. To be fair, Labour’s malaise is not all of his making. One glaring problem is the dismal calibre of the Shadow Cabinet. In 1976 Labour’s front bench had figures like Harold Wilson, Jim Callaghan, Denis Healey, Roy Jenkins, Barbara Castle and Tony Crosland. There is no one of that stature today. Another difficulty is the poisonous legacy of Corbyn’s five years in charge, which alienated many voters, especially in the party’s traditional heartlands. Labour remains hopelessly divorced from mainstream public opinion. In thrall to woke dogma, too many MPs and activists appear hostile to the British flag and the traditional family. On immigration, they oppose every attempt to establish tougher border controls, even as the vast influx of illegal entrants continues to mount. Criticism is all they offer, never solutions. The same is true of economic policy, where Government spending is never high enough, benefits never large enough. So deep is the party’s attachment to extreme transgender ideology that senior Labour MPs cannot even answer the basic question, “What is a woman?” This trans neurosis is part of the left’s wider obsession with toxic identity politics, which fuels divisions and promotes a destructive culture of victimhood across our society. Labour used to be the authentic voice of the working-class. Today it is increasingly the mouthpiece of affluent metropolitan virtue signallers. Even with the Government beset by troubles on every front, Labour has only a narrow lead in the opinion polls. Its spineless ambivalence to the strike will do nothing to restore its fortunes.