The hard shoulder and one regular lane are open while two other lanes remain closed. A report from traffic service Inrix issued at around 1.20pm said: “Two lanes closed, severe delays and queueing traffic for six miles due to overturned lorry on M25 anticlockwise at J8 A217 Brighton Road (Reigate). Congestion to almost J9 Leatherhead.” Nation Highways said delays had eased slightly by around 1.40pm, with queues of around four miles and 90 minutes. The service tweeted: “Delays have eased slightly on the #M25 anti-clockwise at J8 #Reigate. “The road remains closed and traffic is being diverted off at the exit slip and back on at the entry slip (up and over). “There is about 4 miles of congestion which is adding about 90 minutes to journey times.” Delays dropped down to half an hour shortly before 2pm. Images from traffic cameras showed emergency services attending the scene at around midday. Emergency crews initally blocked all four lanes of the motorway, bringing traffic to a standstill as heavy queues built up. Traffic was being diverted at junction 8 via slip roads. The area around junction 8 is a busy stretch of the M25 close to the interchange with the M23 that is regularly used by people travelling to Gatwick Airport. Shortly after the incident, National Highways said on its website: “The M25 is closed at Junction 8 (Reigate) due to a collision which has resulted in a trailer overturning. “Traffic is being diverted off at the exit slip and back on at the entry slip (up and over). “Surrey Police are in attendance."  National Highways tweeted shortly before 1pm: "Delays are now over 2 hours on the #M25 anti-clockwise at J8 #Reigate. "The road is closed due to a collision and traffic is being diverted off at the exit slip and back on at the entry slip (up and over). Congestion is back to J9 approx. 6 miles". Motorists are being asked to follow a diversion put in place to avoid the incident. The incident was reported by traffic and travel service Inrix at 11.48am today which said the road had been blocked by junction 8 near Reigate causing queuing traffic for five miles. Normal conditions are not expected to return until around 5pm. UPDATES TO FOLLOW… 