Liverpool plan to offer Naby Keita a new contract in a bid to see off interest in the midfielder from PSG, it has been claimed. The midfielder's contract expires at the end of next season but Jurgen Klopp hopes to keep him at the club. The Guinean international joined Liverpool in a £50million deal in 2018, inheriting Steven Gerrard’s famous number eight shirt. He has failed to properly impress at Liverpool however often finding himself left on the bench at the expense of the preferred midfield trio of Thiago, Fabinho and Jordan Henderson. Despite this, The Athletic report that Liverpool still want him to commit to a contract extension.  Reports in France, from Foot Mercato, suggest that PSG’s incoming sporting director, Luis Campos, sees Keita as a replacement for ex-Liverpool star Gini Wijnaldum. The Dutch international has not lived up to expectations since his move to the French capital and finds himself out of favour at the club. Members of the Parisian’s hierarchy had hoped to speak with Keita’s representatives during the Champions League final but were unable to. Keita is not the only Anfield star to be linked with a move away from the club since their 1-0 defeat by Real Madrid in the Champions League final. Key player Sadio Mane is reportedly set to leave the club in search of a new challenge. The Senegal international’s contract expires at the end of next season and he now sees it as a good time to move on. Bayern Munich are said to be the front-runners for his signature with Liverpool holding out for a fee of around £40m. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is also looking for a way out of the club. The 28-year-old has found game time at the club limited this season and did not make a single appearance in the final two months of the season. With his contract also expiring at the end of the upcoming season Liverpool will listen to offers. Vice-captain James Milner is also considering his options as the 36-year-old searches for more game time. One player that will still be at Anfield next season is Mohamed Salah. The Football Writers’ Association Player of the Year is out of contract in 2023 alongside Mane, Oxlade-Chamberlain and Keita but has committed to staying at Anfield for at least one more year. The news that Salah is set to stay will be welcomed by the Liverpool fanbase but they will be concerned by the list of potential departures. The upcoming transfer window could end up being huge for the Anfield side.