The last time Cavill appeared on the big screen as Superman was in 2017's Justice League. In the film, the iconic Kryptonian was resurrected to defeat a new looming threat, Steppenwolf. But since then, Cavill's time on screen has been canned. Sure, he made a somewhat "return" in 2021's Zack Snyder's Justice League, but considering that was repurposed old footage, that doesn't exactly count. Now, it seems like there may be some hope for Cavill after all. Snyder, the director of Man of Steel, Batman V Superman and Justice League, has spoken out about Cavill's future in a cryptic post on Vero. The director essentially discovered Cavill in the 2013 Superman movie and launched the star's incredible career that we know today. The American auteur posted a photo of himself and Cavill on the set of Man of Steel on June 12 - which is internationally recognised as Superman Day. He captioned the image: "My Superman past present and future." (sic) This is the first time in a long time that Cavill's future as Superman has been addressed by anyone official. The DC Comics superhero was last officially mentioned with the announcement of a new Black version of the character hitting the big screen in the near future. No new information has been released since then, but rumours have surfaced suggesting the likes of Michael B Jordan may be in the running to play a new version of the hero. But this, of course, leaves the future of Cavill's return a complete mystery. READ MORE: Next James Bond switch-up: Tom Hardy 007 hopes restored Cavill himself recently stated that he still had hopes for portraying the character's next step. He spoke about the possibility of having multiple Superman actors in cinemas - just like Joaquin Phoenix and Jared Leto did with Joker. "There is still a lot of storytelling for me to do as a Superman," Cavill confessed. "And I would absolutely love the opportunity." Addressing the end of Man of Steel, he added: "The killing of Zod gave a reason for the character never to kill again. Superman falling to the ground and screaming afterward — I don’t think that was originally in the script, but I wanted to show the pain he had. I did far more emotional takes they didn’t choose; tears were happening. He just killed the last remaining member of his species. That’s the choice he made in that moment, and he’ll never do that again." (Via The Hollywood Reporter) DON'T MISS...Next James Bond switch-up: Tom Hardy 007 hopes restored [NEWS]Next James Bond: Henry Cavill hopes soar as Tom Hardy falls away [INFO]Superman reboot 'will introduce nerfed Clark Kent and diverse cast' [INSIGHT] Cavill believes that, going forward, there's a lot of room to "grow" for his version of Clark Kent. "There’s an opportunity for growth after that," he added. "To explore the psyche of Superman as a deep, seemingly invulnerable god-like being but with real feeling on the inside." Ultimately, fans are still without an answer. But the 39-year-old star would not leave his fans without some hope. Cavill finished by saying: "As I always say: 'The cape is still in the closet.'" Superman will next be seen on the big screen in The Flash - the next DC Comics movie. However, there's a difference. Instead of Superman, Supergirl will make her arrival, played by Sasha Calle. Supergirl has long since been rumoured to be replacing Superman completely, but fans will have to wait and find out what is coming. Man of Steel is available to watch on Netflix now Batman V Superman is available to rent on Amazon Prime Video. Justice League is available to watch on Netflix now. SOURCE / SOURCE