Susanna Reid and co-host Richard Madeley welcomed Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab onto Tuesday's Good Morning Britain show. Defending Prime Minister Boris Johnson after his less than positive win on the Conservative's confidence vote, he refused to continue the interview unless the morning hosts let him finish giving his answers. After 148 Tory MPs voted against the PM, the broadcasters wanted to know how Johnson would progress with a party that was not fully behind him.  Having only appeared on the show a week ago, Raab was back on ITV to defend the Prime Minister, having previously stated he believed there would not be a vote of confidence called. Reid asked: "There are two bi-elections coming up on June 23. "Why should anyone voting in those elections vote for the Conservative Party led by Boris Johnson when 148 of his own MPs won't vote for him?" Raab replied: "Let me give you two reasons, first of all, because we have got the big cause right on the vaccine roll out and getting the economy up..." Read More: 'Where's Tom Jones?' Viewers torn as Diana Ross closes Jubilee concert    Before he could finish, Reid chimed in: "148 of your own MPs don't think the Prime Minister has got the big cause right, these are Conservative MPs." Looking puzzled, the MP batted back: "Susanna, there is no point in me coming on this show unless you let me finish my answers, there really isn't! "I am willing to give you a full and swift answer but you have got to let me complete the sentence." Viewer @MonaghanCalum shared a comical gif and said: "Hahahaha Susanna just shut Raab up then #gmb."    "148 Conservative MPs do not have confidence in the Prime Minister, their own Conservative Party leader. "Why should people voting in bi-elections have confidence in him?" "I am very happy. Will you allow me to answer now?" Raab jabbed back. "There are two aspects. First of all, those big causes do matter, the vaccine roll-out, the economy, the war in Ukraine and the leadership the Prime Minister has shown. DON’T MISS…Sharon Osbourne brands Johnny Depp’s defamation trial ‘ugly’ after attending his concert [LATEST]Coronation Street’s Ken Barlow star addresses retirements plans ‘It’s how you feel’ [LATEST]‘Wounds are very raw’ Meghan and Harry ‘unlikely’ to return to UK in near future [LATEST]   "But also, we are the ones with the plan. As I mentioned, the National Insurance tax cut, the energy bull cash grant coming up in October, I'm finalising a Bill of Rights, we have a crime-fighting agenda..." He ended: "I think that is the forward momentum that brings the Conservatives together." Viewer @MonaghanCalum shared a comical gif and said: "Hahahaha Susanna just shut Raab up then #gmb." @WarrenPeace_75 added: "Is there a more arrogant person on this planet than Dominic Raab?? #GMB."    