Former Downing Street Chief of Staff Nick Timothy warned Oliver Dowden’s decision to resign as Conservative Party chairman will consider their position and support in Boris Johnson's Government. He dismissed the possibility of further “immediate” resignations, but noted “there’s certainly an expectation in Parliament that at some point somebody is going to say enough is enough”. Mr Timothy told LBC: “He’s the first person in the Cabinet to decide to walk. “It’s quite clear from his letter what he thinks it’s going on. “I don’t think anybody’s likely to follow him immediately. “I would think that it will make Cabinet ministers think about their own future." Mr Timothy continued: “There’s certainly an expectation in Parliament that at some point somebody in the Cabinet is going to have to say enough is enough. “We’re not there yet. “The letter speaks for itself. “Oliver Dowden is a loyal, dedicated servant to the party – he is very serious about public service. READ MORE: Question Time: Audience erupts as voter shames Lynch “It is a big thing to give up a job like that”. Oliver Dowden forwarded a letter of resignation as Conservative Party chairmen to Boris Johnson on Friday. The move followed Tories’ double-defeat in the two by-elections held in Wakefield and Tiverton and Honiton, which resulted in a win for Liberal Democrats and Labour. Labour candidate for Wakefield Simon Lightwood won against Tories’ Nadeem Ahmed by 4925 votes. DON'T MISS: Lammy unveils new Labour Brexit plot to scupper Boris's deal [WATCH]'Sickening' dog attack as pet mauled in broad daylight [LISTEN]Cost of living crisis sends price of Lurpak soaring to £5 [INSIGHT] In Tiverton and Honiton, Liberal Democrat candidate Richard Foord defeated Tories’ Helen Hurford by 6144 votes. In light of the Conservative loss, Mr Dowden wrote in his resignation letter: “Yesterday’s parliamentary by-elections are the latest in run of very poor results for our party. “Our supported are distressed and disappointed by recent events, and I share their feelings. “We cannot carry on with business as usual. “Somebody must take responsible and I have concluded that, in these circumstances, it would not be right for me to remain in office”. READ NEXT: Campsite boss told to tear up £80k of 'unlawful' improvementsPicture of car 'hogging' middle lane of M5 at 5am sparks online furyEU's secret court exposed: OWN judge breaks cover on Rwanda flight rowUkraine taunts Putin in NATO warning after US steps inNATO plots new 200,000-strong force to ‘wipe Russia off Earth’