Kylian Mbappe reportedly wants PSG to sanction 14 exits including those of Neymar and manager Mauricio Pochettino. The France international recently turned down a sensational summer move to Real Madrid. And that’s because he’s been promised greater power behind the scenes at the Parc des Princes. Until last month, Mbappe had been widely expected to leave PSG for Real Madrid after five years in Paris. However, the 23-year-old sent shockwaves reverberating around world football when he opted to stay at the Parc des Princes instead. While Mbappe has shot down rumours about exactly why, it’s believed he’s been promised more power behind the scenes. And now, according to AFE and EFE via Mundo Deportivo, the striker apparently wants 14 figures to leave the club. Pochettino is among them, with the Argentine yet to actually be sacked despite widespread rumours his job is on the line. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz While the 50-year-old steered PSG to Ligue 1 title glory, their failure to secure the Champions League trophy means his future is uncertain. Pochettino’s head is expected to roll in due course, with his time in charge of his former club failing to live up to expectations. Neymar is also mentioned as being one of the players Mbappe is happy for PSG to get rid of, too. The Brazil international has made it abundantly clear he wants to stay, having previously flirted with a return to Barcelona in years gone by. But though Neymar and Mbappe get on, the Samba star’s injury issues have worsened in recent years. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Germans Thilo Kehrer and Julian Draxler are said to be two players Mbappe feels are surplus to requirements, too. Former Manchester United star Ander Herrera could depart, with the Spain international approaching the twilight years of his career. And Danilo Pereira, Leandro Paredes, Layvin Kurzawa, Mauro Icardi, Pablo Sarabia, Juan Bernat, Idrissa Gueye, Colin Dagba and Sergio Rico also look primed to leave. Whether PSG green light every single exit remains to be seen. But with Mbappe now their undisputed talisman, his wishes could spark them into taking action. Mbappe has since opened up on his decision to turn down the advances of Real president Florentino Perez. He said: "Everybody knows I wanted to leave last year. But things are different now, in sporting terms and personally. "Leaving my country wasn't the right thing. “There's a sentimental aspect to this, and the sporting project has changed as well. ... We spoke for months about the sporting project, and we spoke about money for just a few minutes. "I made my decision last week. "I spoke to Florentino Perez. I have a lot of respect for him and for Real Madrid. They did everything to bring me there and make me happy, so I thank them for that." And when asked about his new-found power, he said: "I'm not going to go beyond my role as a player. You don't need special responsibility to be involved in this project. “There's a captain at this club, Marquinhos, and I'm not looking to take over from him. I don't need to be captain to give my point of view."