Lilibet lives in Montecito with her parents Meghan Markle and Prince Harry but has travelled to the UK for the first time for the Platinum Jubilee. Although her cousin Princess Charlotte could inherit many of the late Princess Diana’s jewellery pieces, Lili could also possibly inherit some of her jewels according to jewellery experts. Kyron Keogh, the co-founder of ROX Diamonds & Thrills spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain.  He said: “Princess Diana wore this Emerald Cut Aquamarine Diamond Ring following her divorce and after her death, it was passed on to Prince Harry. “Meghan Markle wore this ring at their wedding reception in 2018 and it’s likely that it will be passed down to Lilibet too as it has a timeless appeal. “The light blue colour of aquamarine gems offers a distinctive sparkle and works well as ‘something blue’. I can imagine Lilibet wearing this on her wedding day. “The aquamarine itself looks like it weighs 13carats which is why it looks so bold and distinctive on both Princess Diana and Meghan’s fingers.” READ MORE: Are shops open on Jubilee bank holiday? Aldi, Tesco, IKEA and more What other pieces of Diana’s jewellery collection could Lili inherit? Kyron claimed: “Another piece of jewellery that Lilibet is likely to inherit is Princess Diana’s yellow gold chain cuff bracelet featuring blue cabochon stones. “It’s been reported that Prince Harry gave Meghan this as a gift to mark her pregnancy. “Cuff style jewellery is often seen as a symbolic expression of liberation- they’re an unapologetic style statement that I can see Meghan Markle wanting to pass down to her own daughter.”  One of Steven Stone’s jewellery experts, Maxwell Stone, also commented exclusively to Express.co.uk on the subject of Lili’s potential future jewellery. Maxwell spoke about Meghan’s Cartier bracelet, saying: “Worth £150,000, Meghan’s stunning bracelet is composed of 18K white gold, set with 104 brilliant-cut diamonds totalling 4.50 carats, and 52 baguette-cut diamonds totalling 5.61 carats. “Worn by Meghan on her wedding day, this would be a heart-warming piece for Lilibet to inherit that she could possibly pair with her own wedding dress in the future.” On Meghan’s gold cuff bangle, Maxwell added: “Worth £25,000, the bracelet features two large royal blue cabochon sapphires, that look to be around 5ct each.  “The stones are embellished with small diamonds on a yellow gold cuff. “This bracelet likely has a high price tag, thanks to the size of the stones it features. “This wasn’t the first time Meghan had been seen in the elegant bracelet – she first wore it during her royal tour of Australia with Prince Harry in 2018, so it’s highly likely that it will be passed down to Lilibet one day.” The Duchess of Sussex’s Asprey Aquamarine ring was Diana’s and was created in 1996.  The expert said: “Aquamarine is one of the most visually beautiful gemstones. “With an enchanting pale blue colour, the ring was a perfect addition to Meghan’s wedding day outfit. “Having been passed down to Meghan Markle from Harry, it’s interesting to know that the Aquamarine’s light blue colour symbolises feelings of sympathy, trust, and friendship. “This would make it a sentimental addition to Lilibet’s future jewellery collection. “While the ring is no doubt priceless, if it were available to buy, it would be worth around £75,000 to £85,000.” 