Since launching her TV career in 2000, Holly Willoughby has become a familiar face to audiences across the UK. The doting mother-of-three has long been known to balance a busy family life with her full-on work schedule, and is no stranger to sharing a glimpse of her time at home on social media. So where does the successful presenter live? Here’s a look inside Holly Willloughby's London property that she shares with her young family. Despite being born on the south coast in East Sussex, the iconic presenter has established a successful home life of her own in the British capital. Holly lives with her TV producer husband Dan Baldwin and their three children Belle, Chester and Harry. The 2.8million West London property boasts six bedrooms and a generously sized garden, with no shortage of space for the family of five to spend quality time together. But Holly and her husband Dan, 47, have recently received planning permission to extend the Edwardian building. The TV presenter and producer duo were given the go-ahead last summer, after initially being denied the right to alter their stunning property. READ MORE: Phil and Holly horrified listening to couple reported for noisy sex It is understood that a first-floor side and front extension, window and door alterations and a side dormer roof extension are on the cards for the couple’s plans to improve their home. The latest alterations will follow extensive work which has already been done on the property since it was purchased by Holly and Dan in 2011. Since moving in, the pair have re-designed the interior of the dated property by completely re-configuring the space.This includes creating a large, open-plan kitchen, a cosy yet spacious living room and a cultivated garden full of homegrown plants, fruit and vegetables. The sleek yet inviting house is also home to the family’s beloved pets, which are spoilt for choice when it comes to lounging indoors with their famous owners. Holly and her family are known to have two cats named Teddy and Bluebell, and the newest addition to the Willoughby-Baldwin clan, Bailey the golden retriever. While the exterior of the property is typical of London’s south-west suburbs, the interior of the This Morning presenter’s family home is much more modern. Through small snippets shared by Holly on her very active Instagram account, fans have captured a glimpse into her understated yet classic interior style. One of the largest rooms in the house appears to be the classy, open-plan kitchen. Neutral shades of whites, cream, beige and brown can be seen throughout this room, which features shiny marble surfaces on the countertops and island. DON'T MISS:Holly Willoughby shares makeup free selfie as she dons white bikini [INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby stuns in pink at Royal Ascot  [REVEAL]Holly Willoughby all smiles as she enjoys Platinum Jubilee Pageant [ANALYSIS] Bespoke cupboards, plenty of storage space and a double oven are also visible in the well-lit space. It seems that the family-style kitchen gets plenty of use too, with several snaps having been shared by the presenter showing off her cooking skills. Holly has often shared photos from elsewhere in her house, with huge, grey-coloured sofas found in the living area. The bedrooms include luxury beds complete with pristine white bedsheets and blankets to complete the cosy style. Outside, the garden is filled with rustic wooden planters, a patio space and plenty of green grass for Holly’s young children and pets to play on all year round.