Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield discussed the reunion of Prince William and Prince Harry over the Platinum Jubilee weekend with Camilla Tominey and Nick Ferrari on Wednesday's This Morning. The royal expert revealed there was still “hurt” over the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. Camilla explained: “There was no interaction between the Sussexes and Cambridges at all. “Part of that was because of the diary so on the Saturday of course, William and Kate took George and Charlotte for their first public engagement in Wales, Lilibet had the birthday party at Frogmore Cottage, their Windsor home. “My understanding is the Phillips and the Tindall children went there while their parents were at the Derby but that’s about it. “They had other friends there and one of them took a photo of Lilibet which we saw in the papers.” Read more: Grieving widow loses £500,000 to scammers after losing love “There’s a bit of consternation over the timing of that because it was released within 24 hours of the celebrations,” she continued. Phillip interjected: “And they apparently wanted their own photographer…” “They were told they couldn’t have a photographer for the meeting between the Queen and Lilibet,” Camilla clarified. “And I think it’s fair to say ahead of the Jubilee there were some reports suggesting they were on good times and they’re talking regularly. “I don’t think we can conclude they’re on good terms and talking regularly if they didn’t really spend any private time together over the weekend they were here.” “So the cousins wouldn’t have met up?” Holly asked. “I don’t think they saw much of each other but it was a really busy weekend,” Camilla noted. “But the truth of the matter is there is still a lot of residual hurt over the Oprah Winfrey interview and because of the lack of acknowledgement of the hurt caused by the Sussex side of things, things are still frosty.” DON'T MISSHanson’s appearance leaves This Morning viewers stunned [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid gobsmacked as she's shut down by Raab [INTERVIEW]Kate Garraway praises sense of hope from Jubilee  [VIDEO] “Do you think they went back early?” Phillip asked. “They were on a private jet, not massively green, but we don’t know when they planned to go back…” Interjecting, Camilla said: “They went back before the pageant and they flew in and out of a different airport.” “Did they go thinking they would have had a better family reception?” the This Morning host asked. “I don’t know really,” Camilla admitted. “We also never really knew what they’d signed up. “Although their people did say at the very beginning of the celebrations they’re keeping a low profile, they don’t want to overshadow the Queen and I think the quote was, which we used in The Telegraph, ‘sticking to the script’. “They weren’t going to [be] high profile at the Trooping, they were going to do the Thanksgiving Service but as we saw very visually there they are now second row royals because of their non-working status.” “Which is what they wanted,” Holly pointed out. This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.