The Duke of Cambridge met the Lionesses at St George's Park in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, ahead of the Women's Euro 2022. William was given football shirts by the squad for George, eight, Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Louis. The future King looked delighted as he posed with the team holding up the white tops printed with their first names. In a thoughtful touch, the shirts also had the three children's ages as the numbers. William was smart casual in a blue shirt with the top button undone, a navy blazer and brown suede shoes for the engagement on Wednesday. At one point he showed off his own football skills and also chatted to players. Following the engagement, a tweet from his Kensington Palace account said: "This squad is already inspiring the next generation of women and girls to play football, reaping the mental and physical benefits of activity. "With an exciting summer of football ahead, the whole nation will be cheering you on!" It comes ahead of the Women's Euros, which are being hosted by England and kick off next month. The Lionesses are one of the favourites alongside defending champions Holland, Spain, France and Germany.  Both the women's and men's squads have been training at St George's Park in recent weeks for the Euros. It comes after the Three Lions lost to Italy in the Euro 2020 final last July at Wembley Stadium. William watched England's defeat in a dramatic penalty shootout alongside wife Kate and their eldest son George. In a message afterwards, the future King admitted the loss was "heartbreaking" but insisted there was "more to come" from Gareth Southgate's men. William said in a personal tweet: "Heartbreaking. Congratulations @Azzurri on a great victory. @England, you’ve all come so far, but sadly this time it wasn’t our day. "You can all hold your heads high, and be so proud of yourselves — I know there’s more to come." William was joined by George for a number of the Euro 2020 matches, with the young royal dubbed England's "lucky charm". The Duke's son was dressed in a mini-me suit and tie just like his father, who is president of the Football Association. At the time, royal author Duncan Larcombe said George "begged" to go to see the Three Lions in the tournament. Mr Larcombe told OK! magazine: “Prince William is George’s absolute hero. “He thinks his dad’s the most perfect person on the planet. "William would never have normally taken him to the football because it was an official outing in his role as president of the FA, but George absolutely begged to be allowed to come along. “Kate and William are at pains to never expose the children unnecessarily to the cameras but he twisted their arm eventually. “That’s why Kate came, so that when William had to meet all the dignitaries, George could stay with her. “George idolises his dad. That’s why we saw him looking so smart in his suit - he really wanted to dress like William. “He’s becoming a pretty big character and has both of his parents eating out of the palm of his hand.” 