A spokesperson for Johnny Depp has spoken out following Amber Heard’s sit-down interview with NBC after the jury ruled that she defamed her ex-husband. During the conversation with Savannah Guthrie, Ms Heard said that she has “years” worth of therapy notes from the beginning of her relationship with the actor. She said that the documents “represent years of real-time explanations of what was going on” and were taken by a doctor who she was “reporting the abuse to”. Elsewhere, in sections of the interview that have been aired throughout the week, Ms Heard said that she “stands by every word” of her testimony. She also admitted that she has “so much regret” about their time together. The actress said: “I did do and say horrible, regrettable things throughout my relationship. READ MORE:Joan Collins, 88, wows fans with natural snap "I behaved in horrible, almost unrecognisable to myself, ways. I have so much regret." Mr Depp’s team have now responded to Ms Heard’s comments stating that the Pirates of the Caribbean star wants to move on. In a statement to Dateline, a spokesperson said: “It’s unfortunate that while Johnny is looking to move forward with his life, the defendant and her team are back to repeating, reimagining and re-litigating matters that have already been decided by the court and a verdict that was unanimously and unequivocally decided by the jury in Johnny’s favour.” The full interview will be aired during 'Amber Heard: After the Verdict' on Dateline today. Mr Depp sued his ex-wife for her 2018 op-ed in which she claimed to have become a figure representing domestic abuse. Following weeks of testimony from both sides, the jury ruled that Ms Heard did defame Mr Depp and she will have to pay him $10.4 million in damages. Ms Heard won one of her counterclaims and was awarded $2 million. A juror from the case has now spoken out about why they reached the verdict. DON'T MISSJames Martin in rare outing with secretive girlfriend Louise Davies[LATEST]Nick Knowles, 59, and girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, loved-up at Ascot[PICTURES]Gary Lineker sends heartfelt message to his ex-wife Danielle Bux[INSIGHT] They say one of the reasons behind the decision was because her testimony "didn't come across as believable". Speaking to Good Morning America the juror, who has remained anonymous, said: "It seemed like she was able to flip the switch on her emotions. "She would answer one question and she would be crying and two seconds later she would turn ice cold. "It didn't seem natural." They say one of the reasons behind the decision was because her testimony "didn't come across as believable". Speaking to Good Morning America the juror, who has remained anonymous, said: "It seemed like she was able to flip the switch on her emotions. "She would answer one question and she would be crying and two seconds later she would turn ice cold. "It didn't seem natural."