Real Madrid have already decided they’ll sign Erling Haaland as Karim Benzema’s replacement in the summer of 2024, according to reports. The Norway international has only just moved to Manchester City from Borussia Dortmund. But, due to a clause in his Etihad contract, there’s already chatter over when he’ll leave. City unveiled Haaland in the week, with the striker following in the footsteps of his father Alf-Inge by wearing their sky blue colours. He revealed he was attracted to the club due to his father but also because of the fact he’ll be able to play under Pep Guardiola, one of the best-ever managers. But, despite that, there’s already talk of a departure. And Spanish newspaper AS have claimed that Real will pursue the striker in the summer transfer window of 2024, when Benzema will be approaching the end of his career. It’s claimed that Haaland has a clause in his contract that kicks in in two years that would allow him to leave providing an offer of £128million is tabled. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And it seems like City will face a fight to keep hold of their new signing after just two years of action. Real are always on the lookout for the world’s biggest players and were recently turned down by Kylian Mbappe. The La Liga giants had been expected to land the France international this summer - only for a late twist to see him end up staying at Paris Saint-Germain. This came after it was already established that City would be Haaland’s next club, with the Norwegian moving from German giants Borussia Dortmund. And whether Haaland does end up moving to the Bernabeu in the summer transfer window of 2024 remains to be seen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking earlier in the week, Real chief Florentino Perez explained the club’s decision not to aggressively pursue Haaland this summer. “Mbappe deal didn’t create any problem with Haaland deal, absolutely,” he stated. “We have Benzema, so it was impossible to have him with Karim. “We can’t sign Haaland to stay on the bench. Haaland is an amazing, fantastic player." Haaland, meanwhile, explained his decision to join City on Monday. "He [Alf-Inge] lived in England, he played for the club," he stated. "Of course, a lot of things have changed in the last 20 years but he lived here, so he knows what it is. "We've just been speaking about basically how it is, what's the best for me, what's this, what's that, and to try and find out everything. He's been a good dad in that thing there." And he added: "I was born in England, I've been a City fan my whole life. “I know a lot about the club. I think in the end, two things; I feel at home a bit here. Also I think I can develop and get the best out of my game at City.” On playing at the Etihad itself, he continued: "I've been a couple of times before, watching games. “I like it, it's beautiful, I like the colour. I played there, a big huge stadium, and I'm looking forward to playing there [with City]." Haaland is set to make his City debut in the Community Shield on Sunday, July 31. They’re due to face Liverpool, after winning the Premier League title last term. Jurgen Klopp’s side qualify for the curtain-raiser after winning the FA Cup, beating Chelsea in the final last month.