Mohamed Salah has confirmed he'll be playing his football at Liverpool next season, but Barcelona are playing a significant role in the superstar's hesitance to commit his future to the club. Salah has been given assurances of a 2023 switch to Camp Nou if he becomes a free agent, throwing his Liverpool career into doubt. Barcelona's interest is a primary factor behind the 29-year-old's reluctance to extend his current deal at Anfield, Mirror Sport report. The Blaugrana have promised Salah that there will be a place for him in Xavi Hernandez's squad once his Liverpool contract expires. Salah's head has seemingly been swayed after telling close friends months ago that he was ready to remain on Merseyside. Barcelona's financial troubles were recently boosted by the £235million naming rights deal with audio streaming giants Spotify. Xavi recruited Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres in January, and he is planning further additions this summer. The Spaniard is confident of luring Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich and has also reached out to Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves. JUST IN: Newcastle 'agree £40m deal' as French ace set to become first signing Barcelona's interest in a 2023 heist of Salah has left Liverpool in a sticky situation ahead of the final season of his current contract. Despite the Egyptian winger's desire to play at Anfield next season, the Reds are torn about whether to allow him to run his deal down if it becomes clear he plans to leave on a Bosman in 12 months. With Sadio Mane already expressing his desire to leave Liverpool this summer, Jurgen Klopp likely wouldn't want to sanction another marquee exit in the same transfer window. But Reds figures, no strangers to shrewd business under the German coach, won't see a free departure as good business for a player with 156 goals in 254 games for the club. READ MORE: Eriksen should seal Tottenham return due to Man Utd transfer warning If Barcelona fail to convince Bayern to offload Lewandowski, Liverpool's stance could push the La Liga outfit to move for Salah a year earlier than planned. They would likely have both Klopp and the player's preferences against them, though, ahead of another big season at Anfield. Liverpool will enter the 2022-23 campaign with a vengeance after their quadruple pursuit collapsed in the final week of last term. And with Manchester City already strengthening with Erling Haaland, uncertainty over Mane and Salah's futures will only be adding to nerves at the club. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.