Meghan Markle's favourite watch is the Cartier Tank Française which belonged to Princess Diana. The piece was designed by Louis Cartier in 1916 and is now valued at around £300,000. The Duchess of Sussex has been seen wearing the watch on many occasions, most recently when paying tribute to the victims of the Uvalde shooting in Texas. Jewellery expert at H&T Pawnbrokers Sarah Buck described the watch as "iconic". Sarah explained has probably a mechanical movement as it "is the 18ct yellow gold version and because of the age of the watch". Meghan Markle's watch is now valued at £300,000 however, when purchased in 1995 it retailed for just £3,000. Princess Diana had an impressive luxury watch collection and wore timeless pieces such as her diamond-set Vacheron Constantin 4481, another design she loved, which was gifted to her by the Queen. READ MORE: How Meghan Markle showed ‘the world she was nervous’ The most expensive watch the Duchess of Cambridge owns, and also her favourite piece, is her stainless steel Ballon Bleu De Cartier, which she is often seen wearing. Kate's piece is worth £20,000, despite currently retailing for £5,350. The watch has an enormous sentimental value for her as it was a wedding anniversary gift from Prince William. The Duke had a sapphire added to the frame of the watch to match Kate’s engagement ring.  Sarah explained Meghan and Kate "regularly wear jewellery given to them by their respective husbands that originate from their mother Princess Diana". "Kate's Diamond and Sapphire engagement ring being the engagement ring given by Prince Charles to Diana in 1981, while Meghan Markle is often seen wearing a large Aquamarine ring presented to Diana by Asprey of London." However, “Kate seems to enjoy wearing more classic British style and manufactured items". "This of course could be a reflection of her status within the royal household and may not reflect her personal choices," the expert explained. "At royal functions, she does have the privilege of choosing from the royal collection." Meghan, on the other hand, "seems to prefer wearing more contemporary designer jewellery by people such as American Logan Hollowell and the modern range of jewellery produced by Birks of Canada". “Both their choices of jewellery may reflect their upbringing in different countries and their loyalties to them." Sara continued: "The Royal Family have always been very loyal to the crown jeweller currently Mark Appleby of Mappin and Webb, a very classic top-end British jeweller so this may also steer Kate's preferences. “The one area they both seem to agree on is their choice of watch brand. "They both wear Cartier watches Kate a stainless steel Ballon Bleu, and Meghan an 18ct gold Tank Francaise previously owned by Princess Diana.” Expert luxury watch experts at Chrono24 commented: "The Royal Family have continued to grace the public with elegance and style over the past few decades as well as influencing the whole world into buying more luxurious, statement watches. "With the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in full swing, it is exciting to see some of the most iconic and limited edition watches make an appearance and to see if there are any additions to their collections that they may have made."