Andrea stunned the crowd and watching royals with a spine-tingling version of Puccini's classic aria from Turandot. The royal party, including Prince Charles, Camilla and Prince William and Kate could be seen waving their Union Jack flags, with the Duchess of Cornwall clearly emotional. As it built to the grand finale, the entire Mall roared with thunderous approval as the Italian tenor hit those iconic high notes at the end. Fans flooded social media with messages, claiming Bocelli had just "stolen the entire show." Andrea followed a world-class line-up that has included Queen + Adam Lambert, Rod Stewart, Eurovision hero Sam Ryder, George Ezra, Craig David and an array of West End musical stars, led by Sir Andrew Lloyd-Webber. However, many comments believe the world-famous tenor just outshone everyone Eqavox Music said: "Andrea Bocelli just casualy sweeping in to steal the show. What an absolute hero he is. Godly voice. Goosebumps." Gareth Hughes posted: "Not the first time the Italians stole the show in London in the last 12 months, Bocelli, simply stunning." Alscott67 simply added: "OMG in floods here. Andrea Bocelli. Amazing." As the nation celebrates a monarch, a mother, grandmother and great-grandmother, Andrea has been dealing with the loss of his own beloved mother, Bocelli matriach Edi. The superstar singer usually keeps his fans updated with daily posts on his Instagram, but has taken a break over the past seven days. However, he returned to the public eye to unleash a staggering and emotional performance tonight. Last weekend, the family announced the loss of Edi Bocelli. In a moving message on Andrea's Instagram, it said: "It is with great sorrow that our staff announces the passing of Mrs. Edi Aringhieri Bocelli, Andrea’s mother. She will be dearly missed by her loved ones and all of us. She left her earthly home after a long, extraordinary life to join her beloved husband, Sandro, in Heaven. All our hearts are with Andrea and Veronica, Alberto and Cinzia, and the entire Bocelli family at this time."