Thomas Tuchel is clearly enjoying the fact that he is free to make transfers again, and the German has put together a four-man shortlist for this summer. Chelsea have finally been taken over after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned, meaning that they are free to operate once again. Tuchel is eyeing three new defenders, and a potential move for Gabriel Jesus in attack with Romelu Lukaku's future uncertain. It's been a difficult year for Chelsea, as sanctions placed upon the club meant they could not operate as normal. Along with many fan complications, Chelsea could not sign new players or offer new deals to their current squad. As a result, the likes of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen have been ushered out, and Chelsea need serious reinforcements in defence, as well as a boost up top. And according to BILD, Tuchel has a four-man shortlist to stabilise Chelsea for next season. JUST IN: Inter Milan 'willing to offer Chelsea two players' in Lukaku swap deal  Chelsea were linked with a move for Jules Kounde last summer, but Sevilla priced the Blues out by requesting that they trigger the Frenchman's release clause in order to sign him. Seeing as Chelsea had just signed Romelu Lukaku for £97.5million, they opted against a deal. But it's a decision they may now regret, as they have been left extremely short at the back. Kounde is seen as one of the most promising defenders in La Liga, and has become a regular in the French national team as a result. Sevilla have just sold Diego Carlos to Aston Villa though, making a deal for Kounde even more difficult for Chelsea. They'll have to break the bank to sign him, but they may have little choice. DON'T MISS...Man Utd and Tottenham 'lock horns over third defensive signing'Tottenham 'in Pau Torres swap deal transfer talks' with VillarrealRalf Rangnick's Man Utd exit caused by disagreements in Ten Hag call  Presnel Kimpembe has become one of Paris Saint Germain's top talents at the back, forcing a solid partnership with Marquinhos. But the defender has been coy about his future in France, potentially opening the door for Chelsea to swoop. Chelsea have been interested in signing Kimpembe, and when quizzed about his future, the Frenchman told RMC Sport: "Everyone knows the love I have for Paris Saint-Germain – it’s reciprocal. I’ll be 27 in August, it’s a key moment in my career. "I’m waiting to meet with the new management with regard to the club’s project. We’ll have to speak very soon." Kimpembe may fancy a challenge elsewhere, and Chelsea could be the ideal project for the Frenchman.  Reports in Italy have suggested that Chelsea could be eyeing a move for Juventus defender Matthijs de Ligt. The Dutchman is still only 22, but hasn't impressed as much as Juventus were hoping when they spent £60m on him. Kounde reportedly remains Chelsea's main target, but sources in Italy have claimed that Tuchel could look to sign both the Frenchman and De Ligt, and play them together. TalkSport host Alex Crook said: "Sources in Italy are suggesting that Chelsea are interested in Matthijs de Ligt at Juventus. "I think that Jules Kounde is their top target, I would expect that to happen, but they probably do need more than one." And either De Ligt or Kimpembe could be the answer, although the Dutchman is significantly younger.  It seems as though everyone is interested in Gabriel Jesus, as Manchester City look desperate to cash in on the Brazilian. With Erling Haaland joining City, there is no need to hold onto Jesus any longer, and his representatives are looking for a new club. Arsenal have been heavily linked, and even Real Madrid have reportedly been offered the chance to sign him. But according to The Telegraph, now Chelsea have been contacted regarding a move. Lukaku's future remains unclear after a disastrous move, and Jesus could be the no.9 they're looking for. Kai Havertz has starred in the central role in Lukaku's absence, but it may be time for Jesus to be given a proper starting role. 