Jordan Gatley was described as "truly a hero" by his grieving family. His father said they had received the terrible news on Friday. Dean Gatley posted: "Yesterday (10/06/22) we received the devastating news that our son, Jordan, has been shot and killed in the city of Severodonetsk, Ukraine.  "Jordan left the British Army in March this year to continue his career as a soldier in other areas. "The war against Europe had begun so, after careful consideration, he went to the Ukraine to help." Dean said the family had received "several messages" from his team praising his "wealth of knowledge, his skills as a soldier and his love of his job". He added: "His team say they all loved him, as did we, and he made a massive difference to many people's lives, not only soldiering, but also by training the Ukrainian forces. "Jordan and his team were so proud of the work they were doing and he often told me that the missions they were going on were dangerous, but necessary. "He loved his job and we are so proud of him. He truly was a hero and will forever be in our hearts."  Jordan's friend Stacey also shared a tribute on Twitter. She wrote: "Rest in peace Jordan Gatley. You risked your own life to help in Ukraine, will cherish our memories and laughters." Severodonetsk, where Jordan was reportedly killed, has seen some of the fiercest fighting of the war in recent weeks. The city has been subjected to a brutal and ferocious artillery and air bombardment by Russian forces. Ukrainian and Russian soldiers have engaged in street-to-street fighting as they battle for control of the city. READ MORE: Why Macron and Scholz are resisting Ukraine's EU membership bid Both sides are reported to have sustained heavy casualties in the grinding and bloody battle. If the Russians capture Severodonetsk,  they will be in control of almost the entire of Luhansk - one of the two regions that makes up the Donbas. Mr Gatley becomes the second British fighter known to have been killed in Ukraine. The UK Government had warned British soldiers and ex-soldiers not to travel to Ukraine. But after the war began, an unknown number still did. DON'T MISSRussian oligarch offered in trade for British fighters [NEWS]Ukraine LIVE: Putin shamed as 200 troops refuse 'to go to slaughter" [SPOTLIGHT]Fight for Donbas rages on as Russian forces in control  [REVEAL]  The first former British soldier to be killed was Scott Sibley, a 36-year-old father from Lincolnshire, the Foreign Office confirmed. A veteran of the Royal Logistics Corps, his former unit paid tribute to him on its official Facebook page following the news of his death last month, saying he "showed Commando spirit until the end". Mr Sibley served in the Commando Logistic Support Squadron in Afghanistan. The Foreign Office confirmed that he had been killed in Ukraine and the whereabouts of a second unnamed Briton were still unknown. It is thought that the two men had also been fighting against Russian soldiers after joining Ukrainian troops as volunteers.