Deborah James has died from bowel cancer at the age of 40. Her death comes after she wished her fans goodbye in a poignant Instagram post, setting up a fund to raise money for bowel cancer charities in her generous final wish. In a statement shared to her Instagram page, it was confirmed that Deborah died peacefully today surrounded by her family. Alongside a beautiful picture of the podcast host, a loved one said: "We are deeply saddened to announce the death of Dame Deborah James; the most amazing wife, daughter, sister, mummy. Deborah passed away peacefully today, surrounded by her family.  "Deborah, who many of you will know as Bowelbabe, was an inspiration and we are incredibly proud of her and her work and commitment to charitable campaigning, fundraising and her endless efforts to raise awareness of cancer that touched so many lives.  "Deborah shared her experience with the world to raise awareness, break down barriers, challenge taboos and change the conversation around cancer. Even in her most challenging moments, her determination to raise money and awareness was inspiring." READ MORE:Deborah James ‘proud’ after 'incredible' bowel cancer campaign update They thanked the "incredible" public for "playing their part in her journey" and said they "look forward to continuing Deborah’s legacy long into the future through the BowelBabe Fund".The statement concluded with a "few final things" from Deborah. It read: “Find a life worth enjoying; take risks; love deeply; have no regrets; and always, always have rebellious hope. And finally, check your poo – it could just save your life."  The BBC podcast host leaves behind her husband Sebastien Bowen, and two children Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12. In May, she shared the heartbreaking news with her 404k Instagram followers that she had ended her active cancer treatment and was moving into hospice at home care. “The message I never wanted to write,” she began. “We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball. DON'T MISSCliff Richard, 81, looks downcast as he's spotted at Wimbledon day two[PICTURES]Dan Walker sets record straight on being ‘shackled at the BBC’[LATEST] Adil Ray vocalises backs Lewis Hamilton after Piquet's racist remarks[NEWS] “My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them. “Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams.” The mum-of-two continued: “I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore.” She was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer in 2016, which went on to become stage four, meaning it was incurable.  Since then, Deborah has built up a huge fanbase as she shared her cancer journey with the world. The star has been the face of the No Butts campaign, helping people to spot the signs of bowel cancer early, and has now set up a fund for bowel cancer charities, called the Bowelbabe Fund. She continued: “In over 5 years of writing about how I thought it would be my final Christmas, how I wouldn’t see my 40th birthday nor see my kids go to secondary school - I never envisaged writing the one where I would actually say goodbye. “I think it’s been the rebellious hope in me. “But I don’t think anyone can say the last 6 months has exactly been kind! “It’s all heartbreaking to be going through but I’m surrounded by so much love that if anything can help me through I hope that will.” She signed off her heartbreaking message: “Right now for me it’s all about taking it a day at a time, step by step and being grateful for another sunrise. “My whole family are around me and we will dance through this together, sunbathing and laughing (I’ll cry!!) at every possible moment! “You are all incredible, thank you for playing your part in my journey. No regrets. Enjoy life x Deborah”. Tributes have been pouring in since the news broke that Deborah had died. Presenter Louise Minchin said: "You will always rock you superstar." Loose Women panellist Charlene White added: "Dame Deborah educated millions about cancer’s reality. I’m honoured to have shared the fight with her. Debs, thank-you." And BBC Breakfast's Jon Kay penned: "We all knew this day was coming - but it doesn’t make the news any easier to hear. We’ll reflect on the life and legacy of the wonderful @bowelbabe on #BBCBreakfast tomorrow morning. Love to Deborah’s friends and family." 