Although CBS’ procedural drama Blue Bloods recently aired its season 12 finale, fans have spotted a huge blunder from season four. As the series is a huge hit, many fans have been re-watching the series as they await season 13, while others have taken to binge-watching the drama.  In the season four episode titled ‘To Protect and Serve’ Danny Reagan (played by Donnie Walberg) was a lead hostage negotiator. The deliberation took a turn when his sister Erin Reagan-Boyle (Bridget Moynahan) was held at gunpoint in the courtroom. It wasn’t uncommon for fans to see the Reagan family in the courtroom as each member worked in law enforcement. Alongside Danny and Erin, their other brother James (Will Estes) followed their father Frank Reagan’s (Tom Selleck) footsteps, as he was the NYC police commissioner. READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show During the season four episode, Danny and his partner Maria Baez (Marisa Ramirez) caught a murder in the park, with the victim’s 13-year-old son, who was also a witness. The teenager was able to identify the culprit as Raul Delgado (Armando Riesco), however, it turned out he was in fact, an informant for Homeland Security. Danny was able to learn the truth after he discovered Delgado disappeared from the system despite being sentenced to prison for murder. Despite this, Danny was able to find him with the help of an entire SWAT team and took him to court.  This is when things took a turn for the worse, while in the courtroom, Delgado stole the court officer's gun and held Erin and several others hostage. In this scene, fans spotted a huge error and exposed it on a movie mistakes forum. The viewer wrote: ”During the courtroom hostage scenes, when Raoul Delgado and Erin are on the phone with Danny there are some closeups of the gun Delgado is holding. “After Delgado hangs up on Danny, when he slams the gun into Jack's temple and orders Erin to go with him, in these closeups the gun is noticeably different.”  DON'T MISS...Dermot O'Leary takes swipe at Anton Du Beke over ticket sales [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods blunder: Danny stakeout mission contain major error [BLUNDER]‘Don’t know where the time went’ Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck reflects [INSIGHT] In the scene, Delgado accidentally shot Erin during an argument with another hostage. As a result, he demanded to have Danny as the negotiator which is why Erin was on the phone with him when the closeups of the gun were spotted. Thankfully, her wound wasn’t too bad as Erin was able to stand upright and talk coherently and even made it to Sunday dinner. There was good news for fans in April when it was confirmed the series had been renewed for a 13th season.  The announcement was revealed just before the show’s penultimate episode which was a huge relief for the cast and its viewers. Actor Donnie Wahlberg who stars as Danny Reagan also shared the announcement on his Instagram feed with a heartfelt message. It read: “We’re on to [Blue Bloods] Season 13!!! Let’s go!!! Thanks to all the loyal viewers and to my amazing Blockhead Family. You deserve all the credit.” Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 