Arsenal must focus their efforts on improving their squad depth if they are to build on this season's disappointing fifth-place finish and secure the return of Champions League football. While the inquest continues into the Gunners' costly defeats to Tottenham and Newcastle that saw them surrender fourth spot, it's clear Mikel Arteta's lack of quality in reserve hampered his side's chances of edging Tottenham over the course of 38 matches. Arsenal, as always, encountered their fair share of injury problems throughout the campaign and in truth, some of the cover called upon was simply not up to scratch. Mohamed Elneny and Eddie Nketiah - who were both seemingly heading for the exit door - were the unlikely heroes during the run-in as the pair stepped up with significant contributions for Arsenal. But moving forward, Elneny is simply not good enough to be a regular starter for Arsenal when the squad is hit by injuries. It's something that must be addressed. Albert Sambi Lokonga also struggled on his debut campaign in England while Thomas Partey's injury record leaves a lot to be desired. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting Arsenal need to strongly consider adding at least one - if not two - midfielders to their ranks this summer in order to maximise their chances of a top-four finish or silverware. While there's an appreciation that Arsenal need to prioritise a new marquee striker and some more defensive reinforcements, the Gunners cannot ignore their glaring flaws in the middle of the park. It presents them with an opportunity to shop smartly, as opposed to wasting bundles of cash like they have done on more than one occasion in recent years. And tucked away in Ligue 1, there are several hidden gems performing beneath the radar. Rennes' central midfielder Lovro Majer is one of Europe's best-kept secrets, although he is already rated very highly in France and his homeland of Croatia. READ MORELiverpool star Mohamed Salah 'wants Premier League transfer' if he fails to sign new dealTottenham chief Fabio Paratici 'already held January talks' over discreet summer dealLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'told target he was Sadio Mane successor' in Melwood meeting  The ball-playing technician seems destined to land a big move in the near future and he would give Arsenal some much-needed control and stability in the middle of the park. He loves to get on the ball and up the tempo of matches. Yet Majer also has the ability to slow things down when required, in order to help protect a lead. The 24-year-old could be available for less than £20m, which represents an instant bargain. Majer has six goals and eight assists in 29 Ligue 1 matches this season and it won't be long before other clubs come calling. Nantes' Coupe de France winner Ludovic Blas has also caught the eye in Ligue 1 this season and he could be available for under £15m. The 24-year-old has already received glowing references from Newcastle's Allan Saint-Maximin and has shown he has the quality to step up and play in the Premier League. Blas has now recorded back-to-back 10-goal campaigns in Ligue 1 with Nantes, whilst also netting five times on his way to French Cup glory. He is more of an attacking midfielder, who much like Martin Odegaard and Emile Smith Rowe, can also play as a No 8. These are the kind of low-profile, shrewd additions Arsenal should be targeting in order to preserve their transfer budget for several statement signings - like Gabriel Jesus. Arsenal are now seeking to improve their squad depth, which means they don't necessarily have to blow mega-bucks, on every single signing. Instead, this is a chance for them to show their nous and historically, Arsenal have had huge success shopping in France - particularly under Arsene Wenger. It's only a matter of time before somebody beats them to the signings of Majer and Blas...