Charles Leclerc, Carlos Sainz, Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez have been spotted in hysterics while watching a viral F1 impressions video. Tension might be rife on the track as the 2022 season continues, but off it, morale is high among both teams, with drivers finding the video just as hilarious as fans. Last week, comedian Conor Moore graced Twitter with a two-minute video performing impressions of different F1 figures ahead of the Monaco Grand Prix. The clip included F1 presenter Will Buxton, Haas team principal Guenther Steiner and drivers Max Verstappen, Carlos Sainz, Sergio Perez, George Russell, Lewis Hamilton and Daniel Ricciardo. It has accumulated over 51,000 likes and almost 10,000 retweets on the social media platform and quickly spread into the paddock. The latest SF Full Access on Ferrari's YouTube channel, giving fans a look behind-the-scenes of Monaco Grand Prix weekend, showcased the Ferrari and Red Bull drivers enjoying Moore's video. Perez held the phone as teammate Verstappen made fun of Sainz, who asked whether it was more of Moore's work. Verstappen replied 'it's a new one' before Leclerc entered the frame to say: "It's unbelievable, the tone of voice, he has to change something." JUST IN: Red Bull set for major disagreement with Max Verstappen's dad It's unlikely that spirits were quite as high among the Ferrari camp after the Monaco Grand Prix, in which Leclerc slumped from pole position to P4 after a strategy slip-up in rainy conditions. Sergio Perez raced to his first victory of the year, with Carlos Sainz in second and Max Verstappen in third, ahead of Leclerc again. The result stretched Verstappen's lead over his Monegasque rival to nine points at the drivers' championship summit. And Red Bull now lead Ferrari by 36 points in the constructors' standings after winning five of the seven races so far, including the last four. READ MORE: FIA warned not to challenge skills of Lewis Hamilton & Max Verstappen After triumphing on a testing day in Monaco, Perez is threatening to disrupt the two-horse race Verstappen and Leclerc looked set for in the opening few weekends. The Mexican star now trails the latter by just six points. But given how much entertainment he blatantly provided some of F1's top drivers, Moore might feel like the real winner at the end of May. Next up is the Azerbaijan Grand Prix next weekend, where Ferrari will feel increasingly desperate to clinch their first race win since in Melbourne in April.