Manchester United have directly informed Cristiano Ronaldo that he's not available this summer after Jorge Mendes discussed a potential transfer with Chelsea owner Todd Boehly. With Bayern Munich also offered Ronaldo's services, United have come out with a strict stance on his future. 'High-level' sources at Old Trafford have told Mirror Sport that it's been made clear to Ronaldo that he won't be allowed to leave ahead of Erik ten Hag's first season in charge. The Dutchman has included him in his planning for the 2022-23 campaign, and United have confirmed they expect a stay. It was revealed on Monday that Ronaldo's future had been touched upon during a meeting between his agent Jorge Mendes and Boehly. With the 37-year-old unsettled due to United's lack of transfer activity after their dismal last campaign, Mendes had also spoken to Bayern about his availability. The Red Devils are understood to be furious about the reports less than two weeks until Ten Hag's squad fly out for their pre-season tour of Thailand, Australia and Norway. And they have reacted by assuring their new manager and Ronaldo that he will be playing in Manchester next term. JUST IN: Glazers face fresh Man Utd anger with protest at Ten Hag's first game  Ronaldo lived up to expectations in his first season back at United after making a sensational return from Juventus last summer. He netted 24 goals in all competitions, 14 more than any other player at the club, and won a handful of individual accolades. But as a team, United endured their worst-ever Premier League season and suffered relentless misery under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Ten Hag's arrival, plus the club's backroom shake-up after Ed Woodward's departure, handed plenty of supporters hope that they would react with lots of activity to bolster his squad this summer. READ MORE: Chelsea poised for shock Cristiano Ronaldo swoop  But United are having trouble meeting Barcelona's £80million asking price for priority target Frenkie de Jong. And his fellow midfielder Christian Eriksen is pondering whether to accept a contract offer from Old Trafford or re-join Brentford when he becomes a free agent on July 1. Ten Hag also wants to reunite with Ajax winger Antony and holds an interest in defenders Jurrien Timber and Lisandro Martinez. But United's focus on sealing a deal for De Jong could cost them as they risk being priced out of moves due to other players leaving the Dutch champions already. Express Sport giveaway - win a 55" OLED LG TV here