Scones are a classic British staple. Whether you like them sweet or savoury or with jam and cream, there’s a scone to suit every palette and occasion. Not quite cake but not quite biscuit either, scones have been enjoyed by Brits for centuries - even if it is surrounded by heated debate over whether you put jam or cream first or exactly how it should be pronounced. Thought to have originated in Scotland in the 1300s, they were originally made using oats, shaped into a large round and scored into four or six wedges. Regardless of their origins, scones have certainly stood the test of time and are still enjoyed far and wide today. Express.co.uk has Mary Berry’s own scone recipe for you to enjoy this Jubilee weekend. READ MORE: How to make a Victoria sponge - Mary Berry recipe Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 7. Lightly grease two baking trays. Put the flour, baking powder and sugar in a large bowl. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Crack the eggs into a measuring jug, then add enough milk to make the total liquid 300ml/10fl oz. DON'T MISSMake traditional Cornish clotted cream with just 2 ingredientsJamie Oliver shares 'easy' lamb kofta recipe - 5 ingredients How to make Mary Berry's mini three-way biscuits - recipe Stir the egg and milk into the flour – you may not need it all – and mix to a soft, sticky dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured work surface, knead lightly and work in the sultanas, if using. Roll out to a rectangle about 2cm/¾in thick. Cut into as many rounds as possible with a fluted 5cm/2in cutter and place them on the prepared baking trays. Brush the tops of the scones with a little extra milk, or any egg and milk left in the jug. Bake for 12–15 minutes, or until the scones are well risen and a pale, golden-brown colour. Lift onto a wire rack to cool for an hour, or however long is needed. To serve, split the scones and serve with strawberry jam on the plain scones along with a good dollop of clotted cream.