Craig Burley has told Chelsea what they need to do this summer in order to be able to compete with Manchester City and Liverpool next season. The Blues finished 19 points behind champions City last season, who have already completed the signing of Erling Haaland, while Liverpool are closing in on a deal for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. “The only way to do it in the short-term you would have to bring in people in the ilk of [Robert] Lewandowski up top and bolster the other positions,” the former Chelsea defender told ESPN, “And hope that he gets 35-40 goals in a year, which in the Premier League would be pretty difficult. It is the only way you would get within a sniff of closing that gap.” Chelsea will face competition should they want to sign the Polish striker this summer, as he has publicly stated his desire to move to Barcelona, while Manchester United are also keeping an eye on the situation should a switch to Spain fail to materialise for the 33-year-old. However, Burley insisted that they will need more than one player to reach the levels of their league rivals. “They missed out on Haaland. If you want to get to their levels it’s not one player. They have just lost [Antonio] Rudiger and [Andreas] Christensen, [Ben] Chilwell is coming back but they need to beef out the squad. “Reece James is going to be in that position for a while. Rudiger is gone, Thiago Silva is ageing. Reece James is going to be a brilliant player. N’Golo Kante has got to get back to the player he was a couple of years ago, he has lost his way a bit with a couple of injuries.” Chelsea have been tipped to rebuild their defence this summer as along with Rudiger and Christensen’s exits, club captain Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have been linked with moves to La Liga. Sevilla defender Jules Kounde could be the first step towards a new-look Blues defence, as they are reportedly closing in on a £50million move for the Frenchman. When asked if Thomas Tuchel’s side are third favourites to win next season’s Premier League, Burley replied: “I am not sure they are, it depends what the new ownership does. They have lost all those players defensively, the [Romelu] Lukaku situation rumbles on. “Tell me, is anybody trusting Lukaku, [Kai] Havertz, [Timo] Werner, [Hakim] Ziyech, [Christian] Pulisic? Is anybody trusting them to share all the goals around and get enough of them to put Chelsea in a good position? I don’t think they are. That is a problem.”