Ferrari believe that Charles Leclerc would have 'comfortably' won the Azerbaijan Grand Prix had he not been forced to retire with engine problems. The Monegasque man was leading the race 21 laps in when a cloud of smoke erupted behind his car, dealing another hammer blow to his hopes of challenging Max Verstappen for the F1 title. Indeed, it was the Dutchman who took advantage, taking the chequered flag from Red Bull teammate Sergio Perez, with the Mercedes duo of George Russell and Lewis Hamilton third and fourth respectively. It extended Verstappen's lead over Leclerc in the standings to 34 points, which represents an 80-point swing since the Ferrari driver last won in Australia on March 10. In Baku, Leclerc had lost the lead of the race at the first corner, after Perez overtook him following a poor start off the line. However, a virtual safety car worked in his favour after the Scuderia opted to call him in straight away. It meant he would have had the difficult task of protecting hard tyres for the remainder of the race. But team sporting and strategy director Inaki Rueda was in no doubt as to whether the 24-year-old would have held off the two Red Bull's. JUST IN: Daniel Ricciardo jumps to Lewis Hamilton defence after Christian Horner fires accusation "Red Bull tried to go as long as possible on the medium tyres but they were dropping a lot," he said in the team's official Azerbaijan GP debrief. "The medium tyres had a lot of degradation and Perez lost a lot of time trying to go longer and longer to offset himself to Charles. "Unfortunately, after 11 laps on the hard tyres, Charles suffered a power unit failure and this cut our race short. Our simulations indicate that had there not been another VSC period, Charles would have won the race comfortably against Verstappen." DON'T MISS:Toto Wolff highlights Charles Leclerc's 'misfortune' as he makes Lewis Hamilton vowHaas shuts down Ryanair offer over 2023 car sponsorshipMercedes gives George Russell goal for rest of season after beating Lewis Hamilton Regardless, Ferrari now desperately need a positive result in Canada this weekend to avoid Dutchman Verstappen from running away with the title. Indeed, it is partner Perez who now lies second, 21 points adrift. However, thus far Christian Horner and co have made no secret of ensuring their race strategies favour the reigning world champion. Following Canada, the title race will head to Silverstone a fortnight later.