The young King Edward (played by Timothy Innes) grew into a ruthless and devoted leader in the fifth and final season of The Last Kingdom. Some of his biggest changes were reflected in his costume for the series, and actor Timothy has since praised the BBC and Netflix drama’s wardrobe department for helping him develop these crucial last steps for his character. Timothy has shed some important light on how King Edward’s new costumes reflected the shift in his character in The Last Kingdom’s fifth season. Netflix’s historical drama came to an end with its latest instalment, although Uhtred of Bebbanburg (Alexander Dreymon) will return for one last time in the feature film Seven Kings Must Die. Ahead of the show’s latest release, the first look at Edward revealed the young King would be coming back with some new facial hair to illustrate how much time had passed between seasons. “Half of it was real, half of it was the magic,” Timothy explained. “It definitely made a difference, you know?” READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts to face deadly exit The young King Edward (played by Timothy Innes) grew into a ruthless and devoted leader in the fifth and final season of The Last Kingdom. Some of his biggest changes were reflected in his costume for the series, and actor Timothy has since praised the BBC and Netflix drama’s wardrobe department for helping him develop these crucial last steps for his character.  However, Edward’s beard wasn’t the only difference in his look this time around. The King returned for season five even more devoted to his faith than ever, and Timothy revealed how some small details in his outfit hinted at his religious motives. He recalled to the Screen Chronicles podcast: “The armour that I had was a lot more stockier. “That image of the cross was… he’s led by the heart [and] by his faith. It was genius by the costume department.” Edward also met his third wife Eadgifu of Wessex (Sonya Cassidy) in the fifth season, and the king had to juggle his roles as king with his newfound romance. Even so, it was still his Christian faith which drove some of his biggest decisions as monarch in The Last Kingdom’s final outing. “Especially when he’s given the [beheading motion] to Sigtryggr,” Timothy added. “It’s like, that cross element in that whole scene is the element of why he’s doing this. Why he’s being led by his faith and his goal. “So the whole change of Edward went from these flowing garbs and the headband crown to an outward crown.” DON'T MISS:Saturday Kitchen fans ‘switch off’ over guest line-up [REACTION]Sam Heughan gives insight into Outlander prequel [INSIGHT]P-Valley composer teases Megan Thee Stallion role [EXCLUSIVE] Edward’s physical transformation certainly made Timothy’s job slightly easier when it came time to portray the zealous king for one last time. “Whenever I put that costume on it definitely helped with the character,” he said. “It was very light. The leather was kind of heavy, but it was a blessing in that last couple of episodes when we were doing a lot of cliff acting.” Timothy has also paid tribute to his new co-star, Sonya, who played a major part in Edward’s more vulnerable moments this time around. “[Eadgifu is] played beautifully by Sonya Cassidy, who is absolutely an incredible person to work with, and a blessing,” he recalled. “And from then on it’s navigating how love and this new sense of energy and authority that he brings because he is inspired by this woman that he has absolutely fallen in love with, but trusts entirely.” King Edward managed to escape with his life at the end of the final season, so there could be a chance he’ll reunite with Uhtred in the upcoming feature film. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix. Seven Kings Must Die will be released in 2023.