Andriy Yarmolenko scored a stunning goal to put Ukraine ahead in their emotional World Cup play-off clash with Scotland. The outgoing West Ham forward brought down a long pass with a wonderful touch and lobbed the ball over goalkeeper Craig Gordon to leave fans speechless. Ukraine were playing in their first football fixture since Russia's invasion of the Eastern European nation, which was prompted by president Vladimir Putin on February 24. This World Cup play-off was initially scheduled for late March but was postponed for June's round of international fixtures. Oleksandr Petrokov's side were given special dispensation to leave the country as the war rumbled on. They have been preparing for the Scotland game in Slovenia. And captain Yarmolenko stunned fans with a wonderful strike to put his side ahead in the first half. A long pass was lofted over the Scotland defence and the 32-year-old, who had broken the offside trap, expertly controlled the ball with the top of his boot, and lobbed it over goalkeeper Gordon. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'likes' Chelsea attacker “Boy, does he take it well,” Sky Sports co-commentator and former Scotland international Ally McCoist said. “The little finish there and then he lifts it over the ‘keeper. It’s a brilliant finish. “The touch is magic, it really is. The touch is fantastic. I think we can see that Grant Hanley is definitely playing him onside.” There were emotional scenes around Hampden Park in the immediate aftermath of the goal. Each of the Ukraine team, which included several Premier League stars, ran over to congratulate Yarmolenko after his strike. DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'likes' Chelsea attackerLiverpool 'receive first offer' from Bayern for Mane as terms outlinedTottenham 'still want to sign Traore' but face competition from duo Before the match, the majority of the fans inside Scotland’s home stadium held up Ukrainian flags as the country’s national anthem was belted out. Manchester City’s Oleksandr Zinchenko insisted his side would try to qualify for the World Cup for the people suffering back home in Ukraine. "When it comes to football, the team, we have our own dream. We want to go to the World Cup, want to give these incredible emotions to the Ukrainians because they deserve it so much at this very moment," he said in an emotional press conference on Monday. "I am sure that the whole of Ukraine will be watching us. We will feel their support. We can talk a lot, but we need to prove everything on the field. We will try to make our people happy and proud.” The winner of Ukraine’s clash with Scotland will play Wales in the play-off final on Saturday.