Earlier this month, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle visited the UK to join the rest of the Royal Family in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations to honour the Queen's 70-year reign. It was the couple's first official return since their royal exit in 2020. Speaking on the latest Mail Plus' Palace Confidential, Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden discussed the Sussexes' visit and the order of precedence within the celebrations. Mr Eden said: "Everyone's been intrigued by the seating plan [at St Paul's Cathedral]. "It was genuinely fascinating because even though the Royal Family were very keen to make sure that Harry and Meghan were mentioned in the court circular, that's the first time for a couple of years. "[They were mentioned] directly after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, so they kept with the order of precedence, well that went out the window in the service". He added: "What we saw in the service was they [Meghan and Harry] were relegated to the second row. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Kick in teeth' Meghan 'ready' to turn back on UK after Lilibet snub "So even though he's the brother [of William], he had to sit behind the Queen's cousins who come far down the line of precedence. Harry comes "behind the Duke of Kent and the Duke of Gloucester". The couple were "tucked away", said the royal expert. Mr Eden added: "What's particularly intriguing is Harry and Meghan arrived separately. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex to the fore! Royal takes prestigious seat at Ascot as she cements her place "They didn't arrive in the minibus with the minor royals, they had a car so maybe that's something that was generously given to them, organised, you know, by the Queen". The royal expert noted that the couple arriving separately meant that they had a "sort of, grand entrance". He added: "When they got there, all the seats were, sort of, taken so they couldn't sit at the end, be seated at the end of the row, people had to get up [to let them past]." DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT] Upon arrival at St Paul's, the couple were greeted by crowds and received a mix of cheers and boos as they walked hand-in-hand into the Cathedral. In 2020, the couple announced they had made a decision to step down as senior working royals. Since their exit, they now reside in the US with their two children, three-year-old son Archie Harrison and one-year-old daughter Lilibet Diana.