Prince Harry and Meghan Markle arrived to cheers at Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee thanksgiving ceremony on Friday. The couple's latest arrival in the UK is as a family, with their young children Archie and Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor in tow. Lilibet's first time in the UK coincides with her first birthday, and the royals are celebrating. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived in the UK this week and emerged in public with the other royals on Friday. They debuted to a warm reception from the British public, with cheers as they proceeded to Westminster Cathedral. While they appeared with other royals and the Prime Minister, who had arrived to a very different chorus of boos, their two children were not present. READ MORE: Meghan's 'firm' gesture to Harry - 'Signals of anxiety' But they were rumoured to have introduced Lilibet to her namesake, Queen Elizabeth, ahead of her birthday today. Baby Lilibet is spending her first birthday in the UK and is likely to have met her royal family for the first time. The Duke and Duchess have opted to keep a "low profile" during their visit with comparatively few public appearances. They have not confirmed what they plan to do today but may attend some of the services and events launched to honour the Queen. Royal events today include the Derby Day at Epsom Downs and Platinum Party at the Palace. The Derby commences this afternoon but without the Queen's presence. While she is a noted horse racing fan, the monarch's "episodic mobility problems" that caused her to miss Friday's service forced her to pull out today. Anne, the Princess Royal, will attend in her stead, with the Queen watching from Windsor Castle. The second planned celebration for Saturday, June 4, is the evening Platinum Party at the Palace. Luminary musicians such as Sir Elton John and Duran Duran will headline the event, but Buckingham Palace has not yet confirmed whether the Queen will attend. Neither the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are confirmed to attend either, and royal experts believe the couple may have a secret engagement, Speaking to Good Morning Britain's Naga Munchetty this morning, Sarah Campbell, the BBC’s royal correspondent, touched on whether the couple might choose to christen Lilibet today. As the couple are staying on the Windsor Estate at Frogmore Cottage, Ms Campbell said, there is "some speculation" she could attend a christening. But the likelihood of the public finding out about such an event is low, she added. She said: “Whether we’ll ever find out about it, because it will, of course, be classed as a private family event, we don’t know, but it will be interesting to watch and see what happens there.”