The Cleveland Clinic says: “People can develop iron-deficiency anaemia because they don’t get enough iron from food or they have conditions that limit the amount of iron their bodies absorb.” The organisation explains “iron-deficiency anaemia symptoms happen over time. Initially, you may have low iron and feel fine or have symptoms that are so mild you don’t notice them”. It says left untreated iron-deficiency anaemia can make you feel tired and weak. The organisation adds: “You may notice pale skin and cold hands and feet. Iron-deficiency anaemia can also cause you to feel dizzy or lightheaded. “Occasionally, it can cause chest pain, a fast heartbeat and shortness of breath. Iron deficiency can cause you to have unusual cravings for non-food items such as ice, dirt or paper.” Other common signs you may have this condition include: READ MORE: High cholesterol signs: The sensation in your foot that puts you at risk of 'amputation' The Cleveland Clinic says if you have iron-deficiency anaemia, your healthcare provider may prescribe iron supplements. It states: “Everyone’s situation may be a bit different. Your healthcare provider may prescribe iron supplements to restore iron lost from excessive bleeding or if you’re not getting enough iron from food. “If you have a condition that keeps you from absorbing iron, they may prescribe intravenous (IV) iron supplements.” It can take three to six weeks before iron supplements begin building up your iron reserves according to the organisation.  The NHS says: “Try taking the tablets with or soon after food to reduce the chance of side effects. It's important to keep taking the tablets, even if you get side effects.” Some people get side effects when taking iron tablets such as: The NHS says once the reason you have anaemia has been found the GP will recommend treatment. It notes: “If the blood test shows your red blood cell count is low, iron tablets will be recommended to replace the iron that's missing from your body.” The health body says you will need to take them for about six months. READ MORE: The popular vitamin supplement associated with a 40% higher risk of lung cancer - warning The NHS says you should see a GP if you have symptoms of iron deficiency anaemia, and a simple blood test will confirm if you have iron deficiency anaemia. It states: “The GP will usually order a full blood count (FBC) test. This will find out if the number of red blood cells you have (your red blood cell count) is normal. “You do not need to do anything to prepare for this test. Iron deficiency anaemia is the most common type of anaemia. “There are other types, like vitamin B12 and folate anaemia, that the blood test will also check for.” The NHS says good sources of iron include: Liver (but avoid this during pregnancy) It warns: “Very high doses of iron can be fatal, particularly if taken by children, so always keep iron supplements out of the reach of children.”