Ever since Piers Morgan quit his job on Good Morning Britain, there has been a roster or presenters who have hosted the ITV news programme alongside Susanna Reid. Recent weeks have seen Richard Madeley in the hot seat but he explained he is yet to be offered a permanent presenting role on GMB and is currently on a “short contract”. Richard, 66, joined Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer on Sunday Brunch to talk about new series This Is My House and his stint on GMB. When probed about whether or not he can see himself on the programme for a long stint, he admitted he’d have to “consider it”. “I just do stuff for fun,” Richard claimed. “I don’t see GMB as the next step in my career because I’m a pensioner. I get my state pension now. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty slams Matt Tebbutt for giving BBC co-star ‘a hard time’ “I just do stuff I get a kick out of.” Simon asked: “So will you keep doing it Richard? You know, you’re doing it because you said you do things because you enjoy them. “If they said they want to make it more permanent would you be…? “I’d consider the offer but they haven’t said that,” Richard replied. “Since Piers left, as you know, his chair has been a kind of rotating gig and all sorts of presenters have come in and done it. “It is true that of late I’ve kind of risen to the top of that pile I suppose. “But I don’t know for how long as I’m on quite a short contract.” He added: “I don’t know what’s going to happen. I’ve got quite a big break in the summer, I’m going to France and then I’ll be back quite a lot in the autumn. DON'T MISS...GMB's Richard Madeley wants to snoop around Meghan Markle’s house [INSIGHT]Madeley blasts RMT boss as he plans biggest strike for 30 years [VIDEO] Carol Vorderman fans react as she asks to 'mud wrestle' Susanna Reid [REACTION] “But as for next year I have no idea and that’s fine for me. I’m not chasing it, you know. “If they turn around and say ‘We’re relaunching the programme and thanks Richard for all the fish but we’re going to use so and so,’ that would be fine with me.” Earlier in the episode, Richard recalled being mistaken for GB News host Eamonn Holmes. “I was getting out of my car in a supermarket car park yesterday and a woman was getting out next to me and she goes, ‘Oh hello, where’s Rosie?’” Richard detailed. “I said, ‘Who’s Rosie?’ and she went, ‘You are Eamonn aren’t you?’ “I said, ‘No, I’m not Eamonn Holmes and anyway, he’s married to Ruth. I’m Richard.’ “And she said, ‘Oh of course, Richard and Rosie.’” Sunday Brunch airs Sunday on Channel 4 at 9.30am