Arsenal's hopes of striking a summer deal for Gabriel Jesus have been dealt a major blow, after a new report claimed that the Manchester City star has been offered to Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid. The striker is expected to leave the Premier League champions in the coming weeks, but any move is set to be complicated by his extortionate salary demands. Jesus has just over 12 months remaining on his current deal at the Etihad and has been linked with a summer switch to Arsenal. However, Jesus has other big-name European suitors, and potential interest from Spain could scupper Arteta's plans to lure Jesus to London; especially as the Gunners are unable to offer the striker Champions League football. A new report from Cadena Ser has claimed that Jesus has been 'offered' to both Atletico and Real, although it is unclear if either club are interested in rivalling Arsenal for the City ace's signature. The report goes on to outline that the 25-year-old is demanding a whopping €5million (£4.3m) salary after tax, which could deter the Spanish giants - and other interested clubs - from pursuing a summer move. READ MORE: Arsenal could face double transfer catastrophe as Liverpool plot for the future Jesus' lavish salary demands are unlikely to deter Arsenal, who are desperate to sign some attacking reinforcements before the new Premier League season. Jesus had been earmarked as Mikel Arteta's top summer target long before Alexandre Lacazette's departure was confirmed by the club last week, leaving Eddie Nketiah as the club's only recognised senior striker. Previous reports have even claimed that the Gunners were 'closing in' on an agreement with Jesus, who has confirmed that he will begin the process of making a decision over his future this week. It's anticipated that City will demand around £50million to allow Jesus to depart this summer - even though the striker would be free to walk away from Manchester for nothing next year. DON'T MISSArsenal have already pulled off transfer masterstroke as Arteta given double boostTottenham up ante for Djed Spence as Fabio Paratici pursues third summer dealChristian Eriksen tipped to snub Man Utd and Tottenham as likely transfer named Arteta is hoping to reunite with Jesus at the Emirates after he worked alongside the striker during his stint on Pep Guardiola's coaching staff at Manchester City. Jesus is believed to be open to moving elsewhere this summer in a bid to secure more regular first-team football. The ex-Palmeiras man was expected to take on a more prominent role at Manchester City after club legend Sergio Aguero left the club last summer. However, Jesus has failed to establish himself as Guardiola's main man - and his prospects of doing so are unlikely to improve next year as City have already acquired the services of Borussia Dortmund goalmachine Erling Haaland.