Stranger Things season four returns to Netflix on July 1 with the second batch of episodes. The penultimate season included some shocking revelations as Vecna's (played by Jamie Campbell Bower) true identity was revealed. Fans are keen to know how many episodes are in the second half of season four. The new season of Stranger Things has gone down in history as one of the darkest and most outrageous yet. The first half of season four saw Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) go off in search of a way to regain her powers. Meanwhile, Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) and the gang attempted to find a way to take down Vecna after she was possessed by him. The first half of the season ended with Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) getting trapped in the Upside Down with Vecna. As El managed to escape the lab, it was revealed how Henry Creel was 001 and he later became Vecna. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 5 theory: Mike trapped in Upside Down There are two more episodes to come in the second volume, but they are feature-length. Episode eight has a run time of an hour and 25 minutes and it should pick up directly after the events of part one. The season finale is even longer, with a run time of two hours and 20 minutes. Episode eight is titled Papa, with the season finale called The Piggyback. Speaking about the extended run times of the final two episodes, creator Matt Duffer explained the reasoning. He told The Wrap: "The more we were writing, the more we realized we need more time in order for these reveals to land, in order for these storylines to work. "Partway through we knew we needed to ask Netflix for nine episodes instead of eight and as we started shooting we realized, oh these are mega-long episodes." Author Stephen King took to Twitter to air his grievances about splitting the season into two parts. He said: "The new season of Stranger Things is really cool--as good or better than the previous three. "There's even a Carrie riff. Is it the whole season or is it another one of those that's broken into 2 parts? IMHO that's kind of lame." [Sic] DON'T MISS... Stranger Things: Who is Joseph Quinn's character Eddie based on? [INSIGHT] Running Up That Hill lyrics: What are the lyrics to Kate Bush's song? [EXPLAINER] Stranger Things star 'felt an instant connection' to Sadie Sink [INTERVIEW] The Stranger Things writers responded: "Sorry Uncle Stevie, 8+9 aren’t done yet, but we’re working as fast as we can! "Glad you’re enjoying and that you picked up on our super subtle Carrie riff." A separate trailer has been released for the final two episodes and it shows Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) and the gang gear up for a fight. By the looks of things, they were able to free Nancy from the Upside Down after she discovered the truth about Vecna. Meanwhile in Russia, Hopper (David Harbour), Joyce (Winona Ryder) and Murray (Brett Gelman) discover yet more monsters. Eleven is seen at Creel House as she appears to locate Vecna's base of operation. The demon is heard saying: "Your friends have lost", which has left viewers concerned. Tony Almonte commented on the YouTube trailer: "I have a terrible feeling of dread, man. "Like we’re gonna invariably lose someone we all have grown to love and it’s gonna hit hard any which way it happens. "They’ve done a masterful job at hiding in plain sight a simple truth in dealing with evil as the series has gone along; there’s a price to pay. There’s always a price." [Sic]  Stranger Things season 4 part 2 airs on Netflix on July 1.