The meteorologist had been presenting the forecast live from the gardens of Buckingham Palace as celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee begin to kick off ahead of the four-day weekend. BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent and Jon Kay couldn't help but take the opportunity to find out about Carol's special meetings with the longest-reigning monarch, with the weather reporter noting 96-year-old Queen had "a great sense of humour". After she wrapped up a weather report, Carol was ready to be cut off when Sally kept her on screen. "Before we leave you, Carol, we wanted to show our viewers you are a very lucky lady in many ways." She went on: "One way is that you have previously met the Queen." Hammering home how many times the 60-year-old had been granted the opportunity, she added: "Not once, not twice, how many times?" READ MORE: Gogglebox fans call for Giles and Mary to be cut from show Laughing, Carol replied: "You've given it away, Sal! Three times, I've been honoured to meet the Queen three times. "And she is a lovely lady, and as you always hear, she has a really good sense of humour and just.. oh, she's just lovely!" "We're just seeing pictures of you now telling her a joke and she's laughing, which is a great thing," Sally explained. "And most unusual for me too, for anyone to laugh at my jokes!" Carol quipped.  She continued: "So I will add to that - she's very polite as well!" Joking with his co-star, Jon asked: "Did she curtsy, Carol?" "No Jon," the weather presenter grinned. "I think you'll find it was me curtsying." "Yeah, we've just seen a picture of you doing that," Jon remarked. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast viewers blast 'car crash' Dominic Raab interview [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Ardal O'Hanlon opens up on off-screen 'parties' [LATEST]Nick Ferrari unleashes furious travel rant over 'hellish' airlines [VIDEO] "It really was lovely," Carol repeated, clearly grateful to be able to share her story. "Well, I hope she pops down with some of that mint that you want," Jon commented. "Oh, I tell you what, it really makes a difference to a cucumber sandwich!" Carol reflected. "I'd never tried it before but it really is yummy when you do do that." Keen to express her admiration for Her Majesty even more, Carol added: "But to go back to the Queen just for a second, she is a lovely lady and she makes you feel so relaxed and at ease. "Because with the best will in the world, you are nervous when you meet her - I mean she's Her Majesty the Queen for goodness' sake but she's just so friendly, she's absolutely lovely." "Sounds very much like our own Carol that, doesn't it?" Sally asked Jon. As Carol was cut off, Jon joked: "Thank you, your majesty." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.