Her Majesty, 96, watched in her "comfy clothes" from her Windsor Castle home as her daughter and family were greeted by a Guard of Honour of the monarch's present and past jockeys. After the Queen pulled out of attending the Derby on Friday night she was sent a souvenir race card to follow the action from her home. Her attendance had been considered one of the high spots of the Jubilee weekend's events. The race is the only one of the five "classics" she has never won in her long career as a racehorse owner. She did not have a horse at this year's event after big hope Reach For The Moon was not ready for the race. But the Princess Royal, 71, stepped in and alongside her husband, Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence, 67, arrived at the sold-out racecourse in Surrey to see Desert Crown, ridden by Richard Kingscote, gallop to glory in the main event. The royal party included her children, Peter Phillips, 44, and Zara Tindall, 41, who was with her husband, former rugby player Mike, 43. Crowds cheered and waved union flags as they made their way in to the course. Princess Anne smiled as she appeared in the Royal Box while the National Anthem was played and was later seen waving and laughing while thanking those around her for the warm welcome. Olympic equestrian Zara said: "It was amazing. It was so nice to see so many faces. It was funny seeing them [the jockeys] trying to fit back into the colours again, all the retired ones. "Obviously, we'd love her [The Queen] to be here. But it's nice to be here. "She will be watching on the TV. She has a few runners today dotted around the country, so she knows exactly what's going on. "She'll just be sat on the sofa watching the TV. She'll be in her comfy clothes." Zara said she had spoken to her grandmother recently, and added: "She's well, but obviously she was in London on Thursday. She's got runners today, so she'll concentrate on that and be watching the Derby." The Queen did have a winner elsewhere. Her horse Steal A March won the 3.30 hurdle race at Worcester. Mike Tindall said: "The Queen is such a wonderful woman and I have said this numerous times, but in terms of how you want a leader to be she is that person and someone who sets an example. "It's such a shame that she's not here with us but I know she'll be tuned in and watching from home. It would have been the dream if Reach For The Moon was here." The 40 jockeys who made up the Guard of Honour had ridden for The Queen and were adorned in the Royal silks. Five of the monarch's former racehorses were also paraded, and a selection of hats, inspired by the seven decades of her reign, were on display. Frankie Dettori, Willie Carson and AP McCoy, who have ridden some of the Queen's most memorable winners down the years, were among the line-up of jockeys. Describing the pride he has felt while riding for Her Majesty in her racing colours, Dettori said: "Every time you see these on your peg you [have] this sense of importance and it's a great honour. "Look, she's a big lover of horse racing and, like you say, she's only missed the Derby twice. "But I'm sure today she'll find a TV and she's going to watch it live because she loves the Derby so much." He added: "She's been breeding horses for over 60 years, she knows all the bloodlines, she's won lots of races and she's very knowledgeable." Among the famous faces at the course yesterday were TV presenter Charlotte Hawkins, cake queen Mary Berry, Downton Abbey's Jim Carter and Imelda Staunton, comedian Lee Mack and Home Secretary Priti Patel. The Princess Royal also received a painting of Dunfermline, the Queen's winner of The Oaks in 1977, by acclaimed British contemporary artist Jeremy Houghton, on her behalf, from Epsom Downs Racecourse. Peter Phillips was also pictured with his girlfriend who has been named as Lindsay Wallace. The event was stalled briefly after protesters from pro-vegan climate group Animal Rebellion ran onto the track wearing sashes reading "Animal Justice". They fell to the floor as dozens of police officers intervened to move them. The crowds cheered as they were taken away, with a voice on a Tannoy apologising to spectators.