The alerts came into force last night and are active until 6pm. The severe weather, which includes lightning, thunder, rain and hail, is expected in eastern England; southwest England; northwest England; East Midlands; London & southeast England; northwest England; Wales; West Midlands and Yorkshire and the Humber. The Met Office said the unseasonal conditions could cause travel disruption, flooding and a "danger to life". It also warned that "some communities might become cut off if roads flood". Up to 50mm of rain could be seen in total in some places, with the Midlands, East Anglia and southeast England being "most at risk". This comes as the country gears up to celebrate the final day of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Britons across the country are set to host outdoor street parties and Big Jubilee Lunches. Meanwhile, the Jubilee Pageant will take place in central London, involving a 3km carnival procession down the Mall. Predicting potential disruption, the Met Office warned: "Fast flowing or deep floodwater is possible, causing a danger to life and some communities might become cut off if roads flood. "Flooding of homes and businesses could happen quickly, with damage to some buildings from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds. READ MORE: Met Office storm warning: 'Danger to life' as homes face FLOODING "Where flooding or lightning strikes occur, there is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services. "Spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. "Power cuts might occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost." It added: "Thunderstorms and areas of rain are expected to develop over parts of England and Wales during the early hours of Sunday. DON'T MISS: UK weather: Horror as washout set to soak Jubilee weekend revellers [ANALYSIS]BBC Weather: Thunderstorms to bring flooding as warnings issued [REPORT] UK storm warning: Thunder and lightning threatens Jubilee sun as Me... [INSIGHT] "Torrential downpours are likely in a few places with parts of the Midlands, East Anglia and southeast England most at risk. "Some places could see 15-20 mm in an hour, and perhaps up to 50 mm before storms fade, and hail may affect a few spots. "These thunderstorms will slowly spread into southern parts of northern England on Sunday morning before easing. "Further south, drier conditions briefly develop on Sunday morning before further showers and thunderstorms develop over some parts of southern England, Wales, the Midlands and East Anglia later. "These may give some heavy downpours with a further 10-20 mm possible in some places." In order to stay safe during the upcoming storms, the Met Office has advised people to "seek shelter if possible" and take precautions when travelling on the roads.