Often seen behind the wheel of her trusty Land Rover Defender driving around Sandringham, Queen Elizabeth has had a long history of driving the most regal cars. The Queen is the only person in the UK who drives without the requirement to hold a valid licence, but is more than qualified to drive.  During the Second World War, she was a driver mechanic in the Women’s Auxiliary Territorial Service driving ambulances. Land Rovers have also featured in Her Majesty’s garage throughout the years, having owned about 30 over her reign, starting back with the Series 1 to the newer Defender. State cars are used for public engagements and on ceremonial occasions, with five currently in operation: two Bentleys and three Rolls-Royces. The Queen can also be found in Range Rovers, Land Rovers, Jaguars and Daimlers. READ MORE: TAX THEM! Electric cars cause 'more pollution' than petrol and diesel Keith Hawes, Director of Nationwide Vehicle Contracts, heralded the Daimler Super V8 LWB as one of the Queen’s most impressive cars. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “If there was ever a car for Her Majesty, it would have to be the Daimler Super V8 LWB. “The motor came with a customised set of wheels, and a centre armrest with a slide-out compartment, perfectly sized to fit a royal handbag. DON'T MISSDriver‘s car completely covered in cling film [SHOCKING]Low Emission Zones launching today - Polluting vehicles to be banned [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of staggering fines for not wearing sunglasses [WARNING] “It also came with communication equipment so she could easily communicate with Downing Street and blue flashing strobes. “The car was in fact recently sold at auction for £45,360, which is a pretty royal price tag!” She has also owned a 1984 Daimler Double Six for several years, which came with special Corgi seating. The luxury saloon was sold by RM Sotheby’s at an auction in 2019 for a staggering £80,500. It has been widely reported that the Queen’s favourite ever car is the iconic Land Rover Defender. Throughout the decades, the Queen has remained faithful to the Land Rover, using a Series 1 during a six-month tour of the Commonwealth in 1953. The Rolls Royce Phantom V and VI were a notable addition to the Queen’s collection in the 1950s and 1960s. The official group of state vehicles is rarely seen with a Rolls Royce. Queen Elizabeth and Prince Phillip bought a 1965 Aston Martin DB6 Volante as a gift to Prince Charles on his 21st birthday. This car is famously said to be "powered by wine and cheese" after Prince Charles converted it to run on bioethanol in 2008 to be kinder to the environment. It is said that the car uses around four and a half bottles of wine for every mile it travels. Bentleys make up a large part of the Queen’s day to day collection with the brand admitting in 2016 that the Queen’s purchase of a Bentley Bentaya would come with an agreement that the “standard” options would be upgraded, something ChooseMyCar.com highlighted. The Bentley also featured in the Golden Jubilee celebrations in 2002, when our monarch was given a Bentley state limousine. She has two of the most exclusive Bentleys in the world, with both models coming with fully armoured bodywork and glass, blast-resistant tyres, and blue flashing lights. Additionally, the two £10million vehicles come with kevlar-reinforced tyres and the cabin can be sealed air-tight in case of a gas attack. The Queen’s “off-duty” car of choice was often a Jaguar XE, which she was regularly seen driving herself to church in. As recently as 2021, the monarch was spotted behind the wheel of a racing green Jaguar Estate, just three days after being advised by her doctors to rest. Surprisingly, the Queen has been seen in Vauxhall’s over the years, starting with the Cresta PA Friary Estate in the 1960s. This car came with plenty of modifications for housing dogs, a gun rack for shotguns and even a fishing rod holder on the roof. The Queen has also been seen driving Insignias and Omegas over the years. Greg Wilson, founder of Quotezone.co.uk said: “Vehicles from the coronation year are still popular amongst our customers, with the Ford Zodiac, Wolseley Apr 44 and the Jaguar XK among the favourites. “With the Queen’s Jubilee this summer there might be fresh interest in the British classics – and the picnics that go with them. “The next 70 years of motoring should be fascinating, with the rise of electric motoring, hydrogen fuel possibilities and even autonomous vehicles and AI technology.”