David Beckham warned daughter Harper Seven "not to tell mummy" as he shared a sweet clip of themselves on a special father-daughter trip in Venice. The footballing ace, 47, told how Harper was eating the Italian speciality at an early hour in the morning, before joking that she shouldn't tell Victoria Beckham. In view of his 74million followers, the star shared the sweet clip with his youngest. David appeared in front of a sunny blue sky and Venetian buildings as he told what he and Harper had been getting up to. He said: "So we came to chic Venice, didn't we Harper?," as she replied with a cheeky "yes!" Continuing, David asked his daughter: "And what did we buy in Venice Harper?" READ MORE: Piers Morgan tells Amber Heard to 'stop playing the victim’ The sportsman turned the camera to face Harper who was wearing a straw hat which had moving ears. "And what time is it for ice cream in the morning?" he asked her. "Nine", she responded before helping herself to her cone. "Nine am, wow" added David. The caption of the video read: "Ssssssshhhhhhh don’t tell mummy 9am Gelato  sorry mummy @victoriabeckham," alongside a red heart. "Creating special memories with #HarperSeven," he ended the post. Replying to her husband in the comments, Victoria asked whether they had bought her a gift from their trip. She wrote: "Did u bring mummy one of those hats home?!?! (sic) DON'T MISS... Harry Redknapp supported wife of 54 years through family heartbreak [INSIGHT]Amber Heard blames libel case loss on Depp’s ‘fantastic’ acting [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan and Monty Don lead tributes to rugby legend Phil Bennett [UPDATE] "I love u both sooooo much!!! X (sic) "Special time with daddy is everything!!! X," she added. Their special trip to Venice comes days after they embarked on a low-key day out together. The former England footballer sparked a frenzy today after sharing a lookalike snap of himself with Harper. The footballing legend, 47, shared the candid selfie which showed he and Harper walking through a tree-lined street while giving the camera their best smiles. David told his 73.9 million fans: "Smiles all around #HarperSeven @victoriabeckham. "Love you boys @brooklynpeltzbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham," he added, alongside three heart emojis. In the sweet snap, Harper wore her brown hair in two neat plaits which fell down her shoulders, while dad David wore a grey sweatshirt which revealed his tattoos going up his neck.