The Queen will become the first British monarch to celebrate 70-years on the throne tomorrow as celebrations to mark her Platinum Jubilee kickstart with the Trooping of the Colour at 10am. Her Majesty, who succeeded her father George VI at the age of just 25, released a statement on the Royal Family's website ahead of the four-day bank holiday festivities. In her Platinum Jubilee message, the Queen said: "Thank you to everyone who has been involved in convening communities, families, neighbours and friends to mark my Platinum Jubilee, in the United Kingdom and across the Commonwealth. "I know that many happy memories will be created at these festive occasions. "I continue to be inspired by the goodwill shown to me, and hope that the coming days will provide an opportunity to reflect on all that has been achieved during the last seventy years, as we look to the future with confidence and enthusiasm." The statement was shared on the Royal Family's social media accounts and was well-received by users. Her Platinum Jubilee message was uploaded to Instagram with a new portrait of the Queen. JUST IN: GB News: Nigel Farage says Trump acted like ‘excited schoolboy’ after meeting with Queen  The post received more than 225,000 likes and royal fans replied to the post to send their best wishes to the monarch. Home Secretary Priti Patel commented on Instagram: "Long may she reign." @mary.m.seta added: "Congratulations on your Platinum Jubilee. "You have served your country with dignity and grace. "Well done! My two-year-old granddaughter is named after you." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan WILL attend Trooping the Colour as Prince Charles stands in for Queen A third user, operating under the handle @gattopardo62, said: "I think that the entire world is joining the UK and Commonwealth for the Platinum Jubilee celebration." The post was also uploaded to Twitter. The Australian Monarchist League retweeted the Queen's message and said: "The Jubilee festivities are here!" @spgfld72107 wrote: "Sending my love and best wishes to Her Majesty from across the pond. "I will be awake at 4:00am for Trooping the Colour. And my party table decorations have been set for days!" DON'T MISSPiers Morgan reacts as Meghan and Harry's popularity at 'all time low' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'going to have tough week' [VIDEO]Meghan Markle's Jubilee stint slammed by GB News guest [ANALYSIS] A third user, who posted under the username @Shay_RSF, replied: "Thank you, Ma’am. Her Majesty is deeply respected and admired. Happy Jubilee to you!" Following the Trooping of the Colour, over 1,500 Platinum Jubilee beacons will be lit across the UK, Channel Islands, Isle of Man and in British Overseas Territories. Friday will see St Paul's Cathedral hold a service of thanksgiving for the Queen. The Queen and other members of the Royal Family will then make the 30-mile trip from Windsor to Epsom on Saturday for the Derby at Epsom Downs. Capital FM's Roman Kemp, 29, and ex-Crimewatch presenter Kirsty Young, 53, will host the Platinum Party at the Palace on BBC One later on Saturday. Jubilee celebrations will conclude on Sunday with the Big Jubilee Lunch and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant.