According to the Daily Mail, Britain has become the “fraud capital” of the world, with people tipped to lose a staggering £3billion to fraudsters in 2022 alone. Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster discussed this with GB News guests Christopher Biggins and Emily Carver on Monday, when the former admitted he found it “terrifying” and was particularly worried for the elderly who may be targeted. Isabel kicked off the discussion as she perused through the day’s papers. “Christopher, let’s talk about this fraud crisis in the front of the Mail,” she began. “Britain is the £3billion fraud capital of the world…” Christopher weighed in: “It is a frightening story, and it gets worse as you go into it. “The Daily Mail said, you know, this year £3billion is going to be lost and last year I think the figure was considerably less but still huge. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun fans slam pair for rejecting 'dream' Danni find “I check my balance almost daily with my bank because I’m so frightened things could happen,” he admitted. “Banks do reimburse customers but that’ll have to stop soon I imagine because they’ll run out of money. “But it is just terrifying. The police….” he continued before Eamonn interjected: “Well, they’re not equipped to fight it or investigate it.” Christopher replied: “Exactly and that costs money and so it is a real problem.” Highlighting his warning to the elderly, Christopher added: “And I think it is a real problem for older people too. “I think they’re the area that people are targeting if they’re going to.” Eamonn then brought up the fact the Bank of England are trying to phase out paper £20 and £50 notes. “I go and get my haircut, my Turkish barber insists on cash and it costs £17 and I always give him a £20 and that’s that,” Eamonn used as an example. DON'T MISS:Ross Kemp shuts down Susanna Reid in fiery PTSD portrayal row GMB fans outraged as guest calls for 4-day school week Richard Madeley admitted to ‘about ten’ affairs before marital bliss “But a £20 is a very common note to use,” he said before Isabel pointed out it was only paper notes rather than the new plastic-lined notes. Eamonn went on to vent his frustrations over digital payments, recalling an incident in which he was called by the bank as part of an anti-fraud procedure. “I made a transaction in the bank in the last month, just a small amount of money,” he said. “This guy phoned me and I thought it was fraud (because of the) stupid questions he was asking me. “He was asking me, ‘And what exactly were you using that £100 for?’ “I said, ‘It’s none of your business.’ He said, ‘Sir, I need to know whether it’s fraud or not?’ “I said, ‘You don’t need to know anything, you need to know I took £100, I transferred it to somebody, end of.’” Breakfast with Isabel and Eamonn airs weekdays at 6am on GB News.