Cain (played by Jeff Hordley) has discovered his mother, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter), has only months left to live after she was diagnosed with terminal cancer. Although he has hated the matriarch for as long as he can remember, the bad boy of Emmerdale has been rocked by the news and will want to help as best he can to support her. However, it seems Chas (Lucy Pargeter) will handle things very differently and knowing she needs to get it out of her system, Cain could hide the fact she is having an affair on the ITV soap. As the repercussions of Faith's news continues to rock the village next week, Chas will end up seeking comfort in Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Feeling she isn't getting the support she needs from her husband, Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt), she turns to the man who has been trying to ruin her family. They both talk about their issues with their respective families and as they become vulnerable with one another, they end up sharing a kiss. It's not yet known if this will result in a full-blown affair but if it does, it wouldn't be too long before Cain found out. With Al being his archenemies, it would be thought he would want to get revenge on the businessman but given the heartbreak of his mother dying plaguing his thoughts, he might not have the strength to be angry. READ MORE: NCIS’ Michael Weatherly announces new venture after Bull Therefore, he could tell Chas she has to end it and if she does, he will agree to keep the affair a secret from Paddy. Chas could follow through with her brother's request, but will she be able to keep her hands off Al for too much longer? With the prospect of his mother not being around anymore, Cain would think about his own future and the time he has left. Not wanting to be remembered as someone who was always out for revenge, he could decide to become a much nicer person. Will Al walk all over him, though, if he feels he can still have an affair with Chas now her brother won't bite back? The actress who plays Chas, Lucy, has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media about Cain's reaction to the news Faith is dying. Lucy explained: "No, he not good. [Cain and Faith] haven't had a great relationship in the past. Faith abandoned both of them when they were kids. "She left them with alcoholic Shadrach and was very, very loosely in their lives. "[Cain] holds a lot of pain, a lot of guilt and a lot of hatred towards his mother for everything that he went through with Shadrach. "Whereas I think Chas has forgiven her mother and processes everything that's happened in the past," she continued to say. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Leanna flashes taut abs in tiny crop top amid exit [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock left emotional by Corrie star's declaration [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb addresses health 'hell' [COMMENT] Lucy added: "Cain is very much at the point where everything is very, very raw. "I think to let that emotion about feeling any grief possible for his mum or the opening up of any emotions towards his mum, it's easier for Cain to shut off. "Because that will open up the whole kind of history of their hurt and emotional things they've been through since he was a kid." Therefore, this is why he could be willing to let go of his anger as he knows it's not doing him any good but on the other hand, he could get revenge on Al. If he were to discover the businessman was sleeping with his sister, it would seem the affair would not come to a good end. The actor who plays Al, Michael, previously teased this could be the moment Cain finally snaps and could kill his character. Michale explained: "He’s not going to like it, obviously. Maybe this would lead him to actually act on one of his threats." But he could have more than Cain to contend with as his partner Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) could be vying for blood when she finds out. It seems the businessman will be tight-lipped at first, with Michael adding: "I doubt very much he’s going to come clean. "I don’t know. There’s got to be maybe a time where he will come clean with someone he’s cheated on." However, another reason Al could get away with it and Cain were to hide the affair was if the latter decided this was his rival's pass after saving his life in the car crash last month. Taking to Twitter, viewers think Cain should be grateful to Al for saving his life. Emma wrote on the social media platform: "I'm starting to like Al. I wish Will was more of a bad boy too. Cain is losing his touch. #emmerdale." Wini added: "So after Al saving Cain, Cain is still behaving like a moron? Good grief! #Emmerdale." Whilst Roberto shared: "Emmerdale time oh I wonder if Cain and Al will be friends? #Emmerdale Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.