Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are hoping to return to the UK in a matter of months with a summer invite to the Queen's holiday home in Scotland, royal expert Neil Sean has claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex only had the chance to spend 15 minutes with the monarch when they returned for the Platinum Jubilee. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: "It's a time of year where our monarch likes to invite members of her family to come and spend time with her. "They don't all come at once, they all come when they're invited at segregated times. "Now even though Harry and Meghan didn't manage to get that endorsement that they could need to make sure their brand stays on track in the USA, they're hoping for a holiday invite. "This is odd in itself because we were told that Harry and Meghan weren't particularly keen on Balmoral, particularly Meghan who didn't like the hunting. "It's not something she enjoyed and Prince Harry decided to decline this particular activity when he visited with her. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's titles spark 'removal discussion' amid royals "But times may call for desperate measures and it doesn't matter whether you're related to the most famous woman in the world, if you need to get your brand back on course then you may just forgo those terrible woke things." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the royal fold for the Queen's Jubilee celebrations - but their relegated seats were a telling sign of their change in status. Far across the aisle from the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Harry and Meghan sat in the second row, behind the Wessex family and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. Working royals filled the front-row chairs, meaning there was no place there for Harry and Meghan in the prime positions. They no longer use their HRH styles and the event was their first public appearance alongside the Windsors since they stepped down as senior royals two years ago amid the Megxit storm. They did however make a solo procession, holding each other's hand, down the nave of St Paul's Cathedral, after the rest of the mass of more than 40 royals and before future king Charles and the Cambridges. They were personally escorted by Lieutenant Colonel Sir Alexander Matheson of Matheson, the Queen's Senior Gentleman Usher. With little happening at grand choreographed royal occasions by chance, it appeared to be a recognition of Harry's place as sixth in line and a former spare to the heir and of the way things used to be. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew 'causing almighty row' as aides [INSIGHT]Kate and Meghan 'right in step' with royal Jubilee memo [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry caught in Netflix 'mess' after master plan ruined [VIDEO] Meghan, in an elegant Dior trench coat and matching hat, smiled as she walked through the church, while Harry bit his lip at times, while also nodding greetings to members of the congregation. There was no obvious interaction shown on the television camera between Harry and his brother William, who have long faced a rift, nor the duke and Charles who have also had a troubled relationship, or between Meghan and Kate. Just over a year ago, Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family, not the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh, of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution in their controversial Oprah interview. Kate was publicly singled out by Meghan for allegedly making her cry in the run-up to her wedding.