Earlier this month, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple flew into the UK on June 1st and left on June 5, hours before the celebrations officially concluded. Speaking on a recent episode of Royally Us, royal author Christopher Andersen discussed the treatment that the Sussexes received on their visit and compared the treatment of the couple to that of the late Duke and Duchess of Windsor, declaring that it could go on "for decades". Speaking to the Royally Us hosts Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi, Mr Andersen said: "If Harry went to [the] London Jubilee celebrations hoping to mend fences, you know, that didn't happen." He added: "As a matter of fact, they literally turned their back on him at St Paul's", adding that "the whole world saw". He noted that this treatment was "very kind of cold" and "somewhat heartless. The royal author then compared the treatment of the Sussexes to that of Wallis Simpson and the former King-Emperor Edward VIII. READ MORE: Queen pulls out of Royal Ascot over health issues and Charles takes her place He said: "It hearkens back to the way the Royal Family treated the Duke and Duchess of Windsor. "That was a brick wall after, ever, for decades". He added: "I'm afraid we might be looking at that, you know, in the case of Harry and Meghan". Former Royal correspondent Richard Mineards has previously spoken out on a comparison between Meghan and Wallis. READ MORE: Monarch forced into making 'absolutely pivotal' Queen Camilla move to stop potential row He said the British people compared Meghan to Wallis Simpson “stealing the golden prince”. Like Meghan, Wallis was a American divorcee. King Edward VIII’s affair with Wallis Simpson was met with public disdain. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry forced to back of procession to prevent photos [INSIGHT]William told how to approach Harry to avoid further 'embarrassment' [ANALYSIS]Kate and William caught in 'photo battle' with Meghan and Harry [VIDEO] The couple’s engagement was rejected by the Church of England, of which the monarch of the UK is the head. The refusal to allow the union spurred the monarch to abdicate in favour of his younger brother, who was crowned as George VI. Edward and Wallis were granted the title of Duke and Duchess of Windsor upon their marriage in 1937, and spent most of their lives in France. Their marriage indirectly put Queen Elizabeth II on the throne, changing the path of history.