The shadow foreign secretary is being probed after allegedly failing to declare financial interests worth more than £27,000 on time. According to the Commissioner's website, the inquiry was opened on June 15. It states that Mr Lammy is being investigated for four potential breaches of the MP code of conduct for offences relating to: employment and earnings; gifts, benefits and hospitality; visits outside the UK and “miscellaneous”. No further details of the investigation are provided on the website. However, it is thought Commissioner Kathryn Stone is looking into Mr Lammy for not declaring earnings for speeches during Black History Month in October 2021 until last month. It is also thought to be looking at trips made by the Tottenham MP to Tottenham Hotspur football club. READ MORE: Starmer handed brutal election forecast after ‘failing miserably’  A spokesperson for Mr Lammy said: "David Lammy takes his declaration responsibilities seriously and as soon as this was brought to his attention he wrote to the Registrar of Members' Financial Interests to apologise for the administrative errors in his office which led to late declarations in December last year. "He has assured the registrar that he has put revised systems in place so that declarations are made in a timely manner. We are happy to provide the Parliamentary Standards Commissioner with any further information." The MP code of conduct states "members are required to register within 28 days" any financial interests outside of their parliamentary salary. Rules on employment and earnings say that MPs must register payments of more than £100. Under the section on gifts and hospitality, they must register benefits worth more than £300, or multiple benefits from the same source if they exceed that value in a calendar year. The inquiry into Mr Lammy comes just one week after an investigation was also launched into Sir Keir Starmer for similar reasons. DON'T MISS:'Offended everyone!' David Miliband in damning Corbyn slapdown [VIDEO]'No ifs, no buts, no deals with SNP' Labour rules out indyref2 [REACTION]Labour leader: Who could replace Keir Starmer if he resigns? [INSIGHT]  Last Monday it was revealed the Labour leader was being looked at over potential breaches of rules for not declaring outside earnings and gifts on time. A spokesman for the Labour leader said: "Keir Starmer takes his declaration responsibilities very seriously and has already apologised for the fact that administrative errors in his office have led to a small number of late declarations. "The Standards Commissioner has asked for more information which we are happy to provide." Labour has repeatedly accused Boris Johnson for "sleaze" in Government, attacking him last year when Ms Stone launched an investigation into the Prime Minister over donations for the refurbishment of his Downing Street flat.  Sir Keir has sought to contrast himself with the behaviour of Mr Johnson, vowing to "clean up our politics" if in No10. The probes into both himself and Mr Lammy risk undermining his pitch to voters on the matter. Thre are currently two other MPs under investigation according to the Commissioner's website. Home Office minister Chris Philp and a Conservative backbencher Andrew Bridgen are both being questioned by Ms Stone. 