Chelsea have been told that they must make at least two ‘big signings’ this summer if they are to bridge the gap between themselves and Manchester City and Liverpool. Their spending spree could begin shortly though, with Raheem Sterling cited as a top target. The England international has fallen out of favour under Pep Guardiola at City, with increased competition up front meaning his opportunities have become limited. Despite Gabriel Jesus departing for Arsenal, the winger looks set to follow the Brazilian out of the exit. Sterling’s contract expires next summer, and Chelsea are believed to be very interested in the 27-year-old. And former Blues striker Tony Cascarino has given his seal of approval over the transfer. He told talkSPORT: “I think they’ll do at least two big signings before the start of the season. I think that Raheem is perfect for Chelsea, I think that they need that kind of player. I love Raheem’s pace. There are so few players who can get to the byline as a wide player. READ MORE: Chelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offer “Timo Werner is a terrible finisher, now some people say that Sterling’s finishing is not the greatest but he always gets chances and he always gets a decent number at the end of a season. I’m a bit disappointed because I thought that [Christian] Pulisic would be a really good player for Chelsea. “He’s had too many injuries and has never quite got going. He has his moments but like a lot of the forwards at Chelsea, they’ve not really delivered in the numbers that you’d expect. You can put Lukaku in there, Timo Werner, I think that Havertz is not really a centre forward but has been playing that role. He’s improving as a player but he’s not the finished article who is going to be leading the line at Chelsea all season.” DON'T MISS THE LATEST TRANSFER GOSSIPCristiano Ronaldo 'wants out of Man Utd' as board handed transfer ultimatum over signingsChelsea 'plot PSG transfer hijack' after Inter Milan receive opening swap deal offerRaphinha makes transfer decision affecting Arsenal and Spurs after Barcelona agent meeting As mentioned by Cascarino, Chelsea’s lack of a striker is an issue that needs to be addressed by Thomas Tuchel. However, the former PSG boss appears to be solving the matter by signing Sterling as Sport, via Football Talk, reports that the former Liverpool forward is viewed as a no.9 by the manager. Sterling is expected to be available for approximately £50million, though whether Chelsea are willing to meet that asking price remains to be seen. The Blues are also in need of central defenders following the departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen – with Jules Kounde heavily linked with being a replacement for one of the pair.