If you've been lucky enough to stay in a five-star hotel while on holiday, you will know too well how soft and fluffy their towels tend to be. Dousing your laundry in fabric softener may seem like a failsafe way to replicate this at home. However, according to Dean Davides, a professional cleaner at Fantastic Services, this is the opposite of what you should be doing.  He told Express.co.uk: "It's all in the washing. "If you want to keep your towels soft and fluffy, cut back on the detergent and forget about the fabric softener. "All of these products build up in the towel fabric, and that's why they feel stiff after a few washes." Instead, Mr Davides recommends popping your towels into the washing machine with "less detergent" at a medium temperature. READ MORE: Cleaning: Paint roller hack leaves windows ‘sparkling in minute  He added: "If you have a hand-washing program, even better." However, soft towels are only possible if you use your washing machine correctly. Mr Davides explained: "An important thing to remember is not to stuff too many towels in the washer at once. "Even if they fit and meet the required weight maximum when dry, remember that they absorb a lot of water and double their weight when wet. "This will put a strain on your washer, and it won't be able to wash them properly and get all of the dirt out." DON'T MISSHow to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [EXPLAINER]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £2k to boost value by £24k [INSIGHT]3 fruits to clean your home and leave it 'shining' [COMMENT] Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is often hailed for its uses around the home and it's no different when it comes to doing your laundry. In fact, Mr Davides says the leavening agent can "loosen up fibres and clean any greasy residue from chemical products." According to the expert, baking soda might also help "get rid of odours in the fibres" of your towels". Although it might sound odd, the cleaning expert recommends replacing fabric softener with vinegar when washing your towels every now and then. He explained: "It will eliminate the soapy residue and silicone coating from softeners and make your towels fluffy and soft. "Just add a cup of white vinegar to your washing every few weeks and wash as you always do." Though washing your towels properly is the key for fluffy, soft fabric, the way you dry them can also make a world of difference. Mr Davides said: "When drying them in the tumble dryer, toss some tennis balls in with the towels. "It will help fluff them as they dry." Much like the washing machine, overstuffing your dryer can make the appliance run less efficiently. Mr Davides explained: "If possible, divide the load and use lower temperatures as high settings can damage some towels, such as Turkish cotton towels. "The perfect combo is to let them air-dry to some extent and then toss them in the dryer. "If you want to make them smell nice, you could use tumble dryer sheets with fragrance."