Your kitchen sink should be cleaned every single day to avoid a build-up of dirt and bacteria. According to WebMD, even if you can't see dirt, the kitchen sink is one area where "germs and bacteria thrive in your home". This can then become a breeding ground for illness-causing bacteria, including E. coli, and salmonella which can easily spread to your hands, food or dishes which sit in the sink. Though you can spritz down your sink with a multi-purpose cleaning spray or a white vinegar mixture, according to Reddit users there is an even simpler option which can leave your sink shining. A user posting under the name yettie_master_365 said: "Take a sponge or a cleaning cloth and dish soap and wipe the sink down. READ MORE: ‘Essential’ way to help ‘thicken’ grass and maintain ‘fabulous’ lawn "Then rinse clean with hot water." User Mybluesky added: "It’s wild how well this works. "I used to spray my sink with all-purpose cleaner or vinegar mix and wipe it out every night and recently switched method. "I sponge it with dish soap, rinse with hot water and then wipe it dry with a clean dish cloth after. DON'T MISSHow to stop plants wilting in the heat - 5 ways to revive your plants [INSIGHT]3 fruits to clean your home and leave it 'shining' [COMMENT]How to clean gold - the only DIY method you should ever use [EXPLAINER] "It’s so shiny." Dish soap contains many ingredients which work to clean surfaces, as well as kill off bacteria and germs. According to Insider: "Dish soap gets rid of all kinds of pathogens, including viruses and bacteria. "The dishwasher is also effective at sanitising your dishes since the enzymes in dish detergent combined with scalding hot water are effective at getting rid of germs." If you want to pack an extra, all-natural antibacterial punch, white vinegar is also recommended. Reddit user HappyLady said: "After dinner, [once] I’ve scraped and rinsed the dishes and loaded them up in the dishwasher and after I’ve sprayed and wiped the counters, I spray the inside of the sink and give it a spot scrub and all over wipe. "The spray is two parts water, one part vinegar and a small squirt of dish soap." [SIC] Vinegar is often touted as a cleaning agent due to its high levels of acetic acid, which is able to dissolve mineral deposits, dirt, grease and grime.