Stampy-footed rebellion has been decidedly a la mode recently, what with MPs refusing to obey the whip, civil servants refusing to obey MPs and of course 148 now rather embarrassed Tories refusing to obey anybody, but this seemed odd even by those standards. Thankfully Luke Pollard (Lab Plymouth Sutton and Devonport) cleared things up with a tweet saying: "You’ll notice a lot of MPs wearing blue ribbons at #PMQs today. It’s part of an anti-bullying initiative. Don’t face it alone." Phew!  READ MORE: Hoyle threatens to remove PM & Starmer from PMQs  Sir Keir, with eyebrow-raising obviousness, wasn't wearing one. One wondered if, gee'd up by his hard-as-nails deputy Angela Rayner, the knight of St Pancras fancied doing a spot of Boris bullying himself. And to be fair he started well with a well-aimed jab at the Tories' Wakefield candidate Nadeem Ahmed saying: "He is standing even though his colleagues think he is so useless they held a vote of no confidence in him." Ouch. Keir also touched upon the undeniable fact that the byelection was only happening at all because the previous Tory incumbent, Imran Ahmad Khan, was convicted of sexually assaulting a teenage boy. Double ouch. But as usual, after producing a couple of decent uppercuts, he failed to land the really painful body blows. The problem is that while Rayner is a 16-hole Doc Marten in human form, Keir is just not cut out for the real dirty business of politics. He's just too nice. Somewhat against the run of play I find myself liking Angela Rayner. Not because she's a feisty woman and a mouthy northerner - though these clearly are all estimable things in themselves - but I mainly like her because of the way she makes the Radio 4-listening, hand-wringing Left feel. Because, let's face it, she's the girl at school who probably stole their dinner money, the cool girl, the no-GCSE's girl, the girl they were terrified of! And she carries that through to her politics in a way starched collar headboy Keir simply cannot. Still, backhanded compliments notwithstanding, I'm still not sure we'd ever want her given access to the nuclear codes. Anyway, with all the killer instinct of a My Little Pony, Keir quickly mired himself in a minefield of his own making. Yes, the hated rail strike. The public hates it. But the unions fund the Labour Party ergo Keir can't say anything pejorative about his paymasters. Time to duck and cover Keir! But he didn't. He stuck his chin out and asked Boris to punch him on it. All it took was for Boris to point out that, in contravention of direct orders from the Labour leader, 25 Labour MPs had joined striking railway men and women on the picket lines yesterday and Keir was on the ropes once more.   Why bring up the strikes at all Keir? Why not focus, like Chris Elmore (Lab Ogmore), on the strange (but hugely embarrassing for the PM) story printed in a handful of copies of the Times before it was pulled - about whether or not Boris had considered swinging a job for his missus Carrie. Under the rules of Parliamentary privilege it would have been nice to get to the bottom of that one. Instead we got a classic Boris bodyswerve and the same old guff about 620,000 people in payrolled employment he's been trotting out for weeks. Boris's flat refusal to answer a straight question is becoming not just annoying but democratically problematic. Little insight - when you are going on telly to be interviewed media trainers basically tell you to ignore the question and stick to the pre-planned statement, not wavering one jot. And if you are facing Kay Burley, who is paid to have the skills to unravel you, this is fine. But this is not a throwaway TV interview, we are here on the floor of the mother of all parliaments and the public deserve the unvarnished truth. Don't hold your breath. 