Hair is by far the worst bathtub drain-clogging offender, alongside soap build-up and residue from bath oils and conditioner. Strong chemicals and thick bleach products might be homeowners’ first point of call, but actually there are plenty of natural remedies you can use to fix a blocked drain. Unblocking drains doesn’t have to cost a fortune and in most cases, you can do it yourself to avoid unnecessary call-out costs. David Cruz, plumbing expert at MyJobQuote explained that prevention is often better than a cure. He said: “If you find your bathtub is constantly getting clogged, then make a few changes to stop it happening again. “A simple strainer will prevent hair clogging the drain and regular drain cleaning with a ready-made cleaner or even just hot water can help keep soap residue at bay.” For those who are currently experiencing a blocked bathtub, the experts recommend simple bathroom cleaning tips are often the best way to deal with the problem. Cleaning with white vinegar and baking soda is a good way to clear a blockage in a bathtub drain. READ MORE: Cleaning: I used a 10p hack to remove yellow stains from my pillow Trinity Owhe, Design Expert at Victorian Plumbing, said: “Baking soda and white vinegar are a great home remedy for unclogging a bathtub drain. “Pour some bicarbonate soda into the drain and let it sit for 15 minutes before pouring white vinegar down the drain. “The chemical reaction that occurs creates a strong foam-like substance that might dislodge any blockages and will also help neutralise unpleasant odours. “Once the mixture stops fizzing be sure to rinse this away with water.” Chris Wootton, Managing Director of cleaning service Poppies, also agreed with this method of unblocking drains. DON'T MISS: ‘Important’ garden trend that could add £27,0000 to property value [INSIGHT]How to water plants while on holiday - approach for ‘best results’ [EXPERT]‘Very effective’ smells to repel mice from homes for ‘optimal results’ [TIPS] He said: “Baking soda and vinegar are also great natural alternatives to chemical solutions. “The mildly acidic solution should break down more severe clogs and following up by pouring boiling water down a few hours later should help clear any lingering debris.” Assuming there is no standing water in the bath, the next easiest solution for unclogging a bathtub is the good old boiling water trick on its own. Chris explained: “Pouring boiling water down the drain will help you get to the areas that may be out of reach. “Boiling water is ideal for clearing grease and soap that has stuck together – the heat will activate it and help get things moving.” Just a litre or so of boiling water should suffice. Once it has cleared, try running the faucet to see if things have speeded up. If not, it’s worth trying again before trying another solution. Homeowners can also use a plunger to remove the blockage, but first, they will need to plug the bath’s overflow to create the necessary vacuum. Most overflow covers screw off, then you can simply plug the hole with a damp cloth. Trinity instructed: “To execute the plunger technique properly, remove the drain stopper and fill the water up by a couple of inches. “Take a sink plunger, not a toilet plunger (unclogging a toilet requires a different size plunger), and place this directly over the drain before pumping it up and down a few times, taking pauses to see if the water begins to drain. “Repeat this a few times until, with luck, the blockage is gone.” If your blockage is still refusing to budge, it’s time to tool up. There are a range of tools, readily available from hardware stores or online, designed to delve deeper into your drain. Plumber snakes, hair snakes and long, flexible pipe-cleaners are all brilliant for breaking through blockages further down the pipework underneath your bath. Ben Chalk, Chartered Construction Manager at GIR Services said: “A metal plumber’s snake that is about 9ft long is best for accessing any obstructions that can’t be removed by hand. “They’re easy to use and very effective.”