Residents of England and Wales can get thousands of pounds in grants towards upgrading their boiler or installing a heat pump, through the Boiler Upgrade Scheme. As of May 2022, consumers can get £6,000 off the cost and installation of a ground source heat pump, £5,000 for an air source heat pump, and £5,000 for a biomass boiler. But the new heating tech remains unfit for most homes, Myles Robinson from gas installation group Boiler Central has warned. He said: “Considering how high the costs of installing a [ground source] heat pump are, ranging between £5,000 and £35,000, the BUS seems to only be feasible for high-income households. “The current crisis certainly affects everybody, but more so those who could never afford such high upfront costs, even with the Government grants taken into account. “Upgrading one’s boiler does not have to be limited to switching to heat pumps, which are currently inaccessible to the vast majority of UK homes, not just financially, but technically.” READ MORE: PIP: All the freebies you can claim from the DWP to save thousands of pounds in June Air source heat pumps are cheaper to install, costing around £7,000 to set up, but they rely on warm weather, so users will still need to use their boiler on colder days. Mr Robinson said: “The value of heat pumps does not come in financial form, but, rather, in terms of predictability and eco-friendliness. “As the name suggests, these pumps source their energy to heat a home from either the ground or the air. “Compared to air source ones, ground source heat pumps provide more renewable heating, capable of drawing more heat for less effort and require little-to-no electricity to run.   “If your home and pockets are fit for installing a heat pump, especially a ground source one, it really is absolutely fantastic for the environment.” Another advantage of heat pumps is that they offer stability while gas and energy prices continue to rise. Fortunately, there are ways to save on energy bills without the large investment of setting up a heat pump. Mr Robinson said hydrogen-ready combi boilers are “hands-down the cheapest green alternative” to conventional boilers. Most newer models are built to be hydrogen-ready up to 20 percent so that, once there is a switch in fuel source in the UK, they can be modified to run on 100 percent hydrogen. Gas supply trials in closed communities over the past two years have shown that adding 20 percent hydrogen into the public gas supply would not affect the current usage of appliances such as cookers and boilers. Switching to better boiler can also deliver massive improvements in efficiency. By the ERP (Energy Related Products) rating, a G-rated boiler is 60 to 70 percent efficient, with 40 percent of the energy lost. Households who upgrade from a G-rated to an A-rated boiler can save around £1,160 a year. Mr Robinson also said it’s a bright idea to look at investing in solar panels. He said: “If your budget can stretch a little further now, you could also add solar panels into the mix to save later. “With the weather we have here in the UK, you cannot rely on them entirely, but a good 40 to 70 percent of your hot water could be sourced from your solar panels. “With the summer coming up and hopefully lots of sunrays to harness, now might be the best time to invest in solar panels and prepare for the extortionate autumn bills.”