Former BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker has cheekily exposed his Channel 5 co-host’s “fake typing” in a new picture. The Strictly star was promoting his news show after he departed the BBC earlier this year. Dan beamed in a photo at his desk as he told his 276k Instagram followers: “See you on the telly”. He then drew an arrow pointing to Tessa, who could be seen sitting in front of a laptop, looking busy. “Definite fake typing,” wrote Dan. The presenter co-hosted BBC Breakfast for six years between 2016 and 2022. Back in July, he admitted he “missed” his former co-stars, including Carol Kirkwood and Sally Nugent, two months on from leaving the Beeb. A follower asked him on Instagram: “Do you miss the early morning broadcasting?” The presenter replied: “I miss Carol, Sally and the rest of the Breakfast team. I love them, and the show, to bits,” he continued. “But it was time for a new challenge and I’m really enjoying @C5news.” Above the text, Dan included a picture of himself and Carol hugging. Aside from his roles on BBC Breakfast and Channel 5, Dan has also held a number of prominent gigs in the sports media world. He was the host of Football Focus from 2009 to 2021 and also held regular reporting gigs for Final Score and Match of the Day. Dan became even more well-known when he joined the cast of Strictly Come Dancing 2021, finishing in fifth place with professional partner Nadiya Bychkova. Following rumours that his move away from the BBC was money motivated, Dan took to Instagram to set things straight. He wrote at the time: “It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up ‘moles’ and so-called ‘sources’ claim. "In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the opportunity to make some exciting telly. “The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. “They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure,” he concluded. As the Strictly cast has been announced for this year’s series, Dan hit out at the “never heard of them crew” who criticise the lineup every year. “Get on Google, learn a bit about them,” he wrote. “Looking forward to seeing the full set of this year’s bunch.”