Britons will enjoy another three-day weekend this week, as the summer bank holiday falls on Monday, August 29. Those who typically receive state benefits on this day, including Universal Credit, should see funds land in their accounts slightly earlier instead. Banks shut over a bank holiday, which means benefit payments are processed differently during this period. Those receiving the following benefits tend to be affected over a bank holiday: READ MORE:Drivers urged to use simple button to boost fuel economy by 7%  The frequency of which these benefits are paid depends on the type of support claimed, for example, Child Benefit is usually paid every four weeks on a Monday or Tuesday, whereas Carer’s Allowance is paid weekly in advance or every four weeks. If a benefit payment date falls on a bank holiday or weekend, claimants will see funds land in accounts the working day before. So, claimants who would usually have received a benefits payment on Monday, August 29 can instead expect to see a payment on Friday, August 26.  Payments are automatically made to claimants’ accounts - meaning nothing needs to be done ahead of the new payment date. However, if claimants don’t receive payment when expected, it’s advised they first check the date on the award notice. If the date is correct, the next step is to phone the relevant helpline - a list can be found here. Although it should be noted most are likely to be shut over the bank holiday.  DON'T MISS:Attendance Allowance: Top tips for the claim form [EXPLAINED]State pensioners could wait longer for free bus pass [INSIGHT]PIP: Other benefits that can be claimed [ANALYSIS]   Although, while being paid earlier might sound good, it also means the money will have to stretch over a longer period. This is because it’ll add a few extra days to the wait for the next payment, so households are advised to factor this into the September budget. People can check whether or not they’re entitled to benefits using the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) online benefits checker tool. People can also check different entitlements with a local benefits advisor, here. 