Chelsea have been holding 'high-level meetings' as they attempt to finish the transfer window in style. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel is still keen to make further signings and owner Todd Boehly is prepared to back him. Chelsea have spent around £180million on six new signings so far this summer. However, only three of those are realistically going to be regular first-team players this season. Tuchel still wants to strengthen in defence, with Leicester star Wesley Fofana their top target. Three bids have already been turned down by the Foxes, who want north of the £80million they received for Harry Maguire in 2019. Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the club's top forward target, while Everton star Anthony Gordon is also high on the agenda. Sky Sports reporter Kaveh Solhekol gave an update on the Gordon pursuit on Thursday evening. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £8m offer, Chelsea trigger clause, Klopp hint  And he revealed meetings among the Chelsea hierarchy were held as they look to force through some late incomings. Solhekol said: "We were told there were some crucial high-level meetings happening today with regards to Anthony Gordon and a move to Chelsea. "They're prepared to pay up to £60m, he's believed to have told Everton he wants to leave. Thomas Tuchel wants him at Chelsea, and we're expecting an update on those meetings later today." Chelsea have already seen multiple offers turned down for Gordon. The Merseyside ace is keen on a move to Stamford Bridge, as are Aubameyang and Fofana. Aubameyang appears to be the easier deal to complete, with Barca not against selling the former Arsenal skipper at the right price. Tuchel spoke about his plans for the remainder of the window at his pre-match press conference on Friday. DON'T MISSWest Ham agree club-record transfer for Lucas Paqueta as Arsenal miss outMan Utd and Chelsea urged to make 'win-win' swap as deadline edges closerMan Utd boss Ten Hag blanks reporter's questions after Palace incident  The German insisted there isn't much time remaining for the deals to get done. But his opinion on the players he wants to bring in has not changed of late. Tuchel said: “We have some ideas but maybe nobody comes in. It’s not a long window anymore, it closes soon. The focus is on the things we can influence. Everybody else is not our decision. "No matter what we want, there are always several parties involved that have to agree. The opinions for transfers have not changed much or at all. "We knew for weeks what we have and want to add to the group. I am far too experienced in this job to this level to know not every wish can be fulfilled. We have our own stuff to improve and it sharpens our vision on our own team. This is where the focus is.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 