Thus you may be assured the rains will come, the lakes will re-fill, the rivers will flow and the grass will return to green. Nature will recover. The agencies that have failed disastrously these past two years are the human ones and I see no signs of recovery.  We know that great tracts of the public service are no longer fit for purpose as those in charge flail and wail. The DVLA down in Swansea has virtually disintegrated so you can whistle Dixie if you want to renew your licence. The Passport Office has gone into the same black hole. Why stop there? What has happened to the NHS, supposedly our pride and joy and emulated worldwide by other countries that now have far better public health? A vast bureaucracy called The Blob now runs just about everything - and proves daily it could not run a booze-up in the proverbial brewery. Its expertise in one area is unchallenged - it can spend billions of our money on itself and its steadily rising salary bill. But get Run hun fun kru ti fith the job done? Just let me shuffle a few more bits of paper. Running through the hundred tasks and functions that have to be accomplished to keep this country running and functioning it is hard to find a single one in the public sector that is achieved smoothly and efficiently. And the private sector giants are joining in with helplines that never answer, chieftains so remote from the toiling customer they might as well be on a yacht in the tropics (and probably are) and bills going through the roof.   It is too easy to accuse complainers of seeing the past through rosetinted specs, but facts are facts and history is history. Our 'British administration' was once admired worldwide; now it is a subject of mockery. So we helpless taxpayers look to the government. What government? We haven't got one. We have a partying expremier, a shambolic Cabinet answerable to no one and two candidates slagging each other off, and four weeks more of all this. So let me repeat: Mother Nature will wait out the drought then give us our countryside back. But will we ever get back the DVLA, the Passport Office, and all the other functions snoozing at home and using as an excuse a pandemic that is now virtually over? Meanwhile, we see our life savings wither away and wonder what we did so wrong.  Quite a number of things about the modern world puzzle me and one is the practice among the young - they are always youngsters - of driving metal through the living flesh of their faces. There was a lad on TV the other day who had driven studs, bolts, rings and hooks through lips, nostrils, cheeks and eyebrows, with a stud through the tongue. Clearly it did not hurt though I cannot understand why it was not agony. Hundreds of years ago our ancestors in their sailing ships landed on faraway shores and discovered barbaric tribes who practised facial mutilation as a form of decoration and marvelled at it. Now one doesn't need to leave disco-land. Another recent appearance is intensive tattooing. I do not mean the matelot's anchor on the forearm but the complete blackening of both arms from shoulder to fingers, and most of the back from neck to cleavage. If it is supposed to be attractive, it wholly eludes me. An emblem here and there I can understand but a body with hardly a square inch of skin left visible? If that is attractive, graffiti-sprayers are Michelangelo.  The US state of California has long been regarded as a most desirable place. Sunny of climate, with its hundreds of miles of Pacific beaches, wealthy, glamorous for its film industry, home of the stars, etc. But recently a new picture is emerging. Those who can are fleeing. One mega-rich tycoon after another, having made eye-blinking fortunes in Silicon Valley, is jumping into their personal jet and telling their pilot to take off - heading anywhere else. So what is the problem? Let's make that plural - there are dozens. At the top end is a useless government that has imposed thousands of grinding regulations funded by even more grinding taxes. Political correctness, aka woke-ism, is the only religion, imposed on all with a fanaticism the Inquisition would have envied. Kids coming out of school barely literate. A surging sub-class demanding state support and crime to make even a Londoner blink. It seems there are mass shootings by deranged criminals on average every eight days. Body armour is advised on a trip to the mall. Britain may be a basket case but it's still a relatively safe basket. Even Nick Clegg, who left for a mega-salary with Facebook, is heading home. All we have is a hosepipe ban. Former permsec. at the Defence Ministry, now National Security Adviser, Sir Stephen Lovegrove, the genius who presided over our military-kit procurement disasters, has triggered puzzlement from at least three admirals and two army chiefs in the corridors of our defence establishment. It seems he has been gallivanting hither and yon discussing our nuclear deterrent with foreign powers. Has he any such authority? Should that not come from Ben Wallace, the Secretary of Defence? Would either gentleman care to explain? These are hypersensitive state secrets. The daily blizzard of messages from British Airways appears on my iPad urging me to travel with them to exotic destinations far away. But the morning newspaper tells a different story. It seems our national airline has discontinued short-haul flights and is now about to reduce long-haul as well. What is the point of a national airline that so mismanages its staffing - on the flight deck, in the cabin and on the ground - that it cannot fly anywhere? What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When Margareth Thatcher privatised a whole swathe of publicly owned services they were rapidly transformed - for the better. The old lethargic ways were abandoned as the disciplines of the private sector took over. The public got a better product and a better service. Of course, it couldn't last, and it hasn't. As it is very much the subject of the moment, take water. Sarah Bentley, boss of Thames Water, has just had a half-million-pound 'performance' bonus. That is not half a million pounds as a salary but a 'bung' of half a million on top of her £750,000 salary.Wow, that must have been quite a performance. In fact the opposite. Last year its performance was rated just two stars, under-achieving even by the standards of a sector Ofwat called 'shocking'. So move across to SouthernWater. It has had a rating of one star for performance, meaning 'poor performing'. These are the geniuses who have been using the rivers and streams of the south as sewers, pumping in more and more slime where there used to be chalk and trout. But the boss Ian McAuley, already on a salary well north of £400,000, has also received a half-million-pound bonus, despite Southern Water last year being fined a record £90million for dumping billions of litres of raw sewage into protected seas. These are among the numerous scandals that now infest the privatised public sector as the regulators have the power to fine but not to fire. So the fines are just passed on to us, the bloatocrats keep stuffing their back pockets and government departments just snooze at home. If Liz Truss wants to sweep to Downing Street on a tidal wave of support she should pledge (and stick to) a policy to appoint some real overseers (ex-Special Forces soldiers would do nicely) with machetes to start slashing out all that parasitic deadwood. But she won't. The Blob is now just too powerful.