The Bank of England's MPC may opt to adjust the 1.25 percent interest rate in a much-anticipated decision. It could be the highest rise in decades. Policymakers at the UK's central bank meet this afternoon as the country experiences a cost of living crunch. The decision they take on Thursday will impact millions of Britons and potentially decide whether the country approaches a recession. Interest rates are known as the Bank Rate by BoE officials. A higher rate means Britons could earn more with their savings but ultimately pay more to borrow, meaning interest-based payments like mortgages are more expensive. Experts are united in their belief that interest rates will rise and by double the previous amount. READ MORE: Universal Credit 'cut' leaves mum-of-eight 'truly struggling' Simon Jones, CEO of personal finance comparison site InvestingReviews.co.uk, told Express.co.uk it is a "foregone conclusion" that interest rates will rise. He believes a 0.5 percent, 50 basis point (bp) hike- is incoming, boosting the rate to 1.75 percent. The new rate would "amount to the biggest single rate rise in more than a quarter of a century". Simon Harvey, head of FX Analysis at Monex Europe, agreed, stating it is "certain at present" that interest rates will increase. Mr Jones warned that Britons on standard variable rate mortgages would suffer the most from a higher interest rate. He said the "more than two million" households on the plan would "see their monthly repayments increase immediately". He added: "A 50 bps hike would add around £70-a-month to the costs of a typical £250,000 mortgage. "It would also make life considerably more difficult for first-time buyers still trying to get a foot on the housing ladder." Mr Jones said the raised rate could also push Britain closer to recession. He said: "There is also the very real risk that a hike of this magnitude would risk tipping Britain into recession. "Ordinary workers have already seen their disposable incomes eroded by inflation, and interest rate rises would reduce consumer purchasing power even further." Businesses "up and down the country" would have to negotiate increased borrowing costs as they prepare for corporation tax hikes. Ultimately, the Bank of England must ensure they "tame inflation without sending an already fragile economy further into the doldrums". Mr Harvey said the higher rates would combine with future energy price hikes to force Britons into more tough financial decisions. He said: "As Ofgem increase their energy price cap again in October, the average Brit may have to tighten their belt further and reduce discretionary spending.”