Princess Diana's final hours might play a heavy role in the Duke of Sussex's new book, as official judicial sources in Paris say Harry's researchers have been seeking information about the car crash that killed her 25 years ago. A source who according to the Sun was involved in the original crash inquiry said: "There have been approaches which suggest Prince Harry is intensely focused on getting more information about his mother's death. "There are plenty of people in France who recall the night of the accident." The Princess died aged 36 when the car she was travelling in hit an underpass pillar in the French capital in the early hours of August 31, 1997. The crash, in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel, also killed Dodi Fayed, Diana's partner, and Henri Paul, the driver of the Mercedes-Benz W140 S-Class. READ MORE: 'Like phoenix from ashes' Harry to use book to 'rewrite his story' to become US leader A six-month inquest in 2007 concluded the accident was caused by Mr Paul losing control of the vehicle as he drove at high speed while he was intoxicated. The manner of the paparazzi driving behind and the fact Diana, Mr Fayed and Mr Paul were not wearing seatbelts influenced the outcome of the accident too, a jury found. Harry was 12 when his mother died. The prince, who lives in the United States with his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex and their two young children, has been working on the book with the help of ghostwriter JR Moehringer, a Pulitzer Prize-winning author, since 2020. He first revealed he was writing it in July 2021, confirming the as-yet-untitled memoir would touch upon the "experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him" over the past four decades. Saying he was speaking "not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become", he promised to unpack the "highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned" as a member of the Royal Family. Penguin Random House described the upcoming memoir as "intimate and heartfelt", saying Harry, whom they called "one of the most fascinating and influential global figures of our time" would share "for the very first time", the truth about "the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons" that made him who he is today. DON'T MISSThe REAL Liz: How Truss will focus on delivery [INSIGHT]‘Sussexes are unpredictable’ Harry tipped to reveal 'royal racist' [REPORT]‘Meteorological mayhem’ set to rock Britain [FORECAST] The publisher continued: "Covering his lifetime in the public eye from childhood to the present day, including his dedication to service, the military duty that twice took him to the frontlines of Afghanistan, and the joy he has found in being a husband and father, Prince Harry will offer an honest and captivating personal portrait." His account, they added, will prove that behind what readers "think they know", something else is hidden – "an inspiring, courageous and uplifting human story". The source who spoke of researchers' interest in the death of the Princess of Wales said: "It's only normal that Diana's son should want to learn more about it for his book." Claims about the inclusion of the tragic event in the memoir came as it emerged the Duke of Sussex and his brother, the Duke of Cambridge, were not consulted about a new documentary on their late mother airing this month. Investigating Diana: Death in Paris will be broadcast on Channel 4 at the end of August to coincide with the anniversary of her death. The four-part series will look at the conspiracy theories which producers say they want to "put to rest". Sources confirmed to the Telegraph that Harry, 37, and William, 40, were left in the dark about the production and not shown a preview.