Tottenham have been tipped to win the Premier League this season by their former player William Gallas. And the ex-defender also thinks that Liverpool will miss out on the top four. Gallas spent 12 years in the Premier League during spells with Chelsea, Arsenal and Spurs, winning two titles during his time at Stamford Bridge. “As an ex-London player, I have to say Chelsea, Arsenal or Tottenham to win the Premier League,” Gallas told Genting Casino. “On top four, Liverpool can miss out because they don't have Sadio Mane anymore and [Luis] Diaz does not have the same impact. “Liverpool always concede goals too, like we saw against Fulham. Even if I like how Liverpool play, [in the top four] I think it will be [Manchester] City, Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham.” Spurs were in imperious form during their Premier League opener against Southampton on Saturday as they came from a goal down to thump the Saints 4-1. James Ward-Prowse opened the scoring for the visitors early on in north London as he volleyed the ball past Hugo Lloris, before Ryan Sessegnon drew his side level midway through the opening period. JUST IN: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars Eric Dier then ensured the Lilywhites went into the break in the lead as he flicked a header into the back of the net. And Saints defender Mohammed Salisu went on to turn Emerson Royal's cross into his own net just after the hour mark before Dejan Kulusevski wrapped up the win with a fourth goal. Tottenham appointed Antonio Conte as their manager last November following the sacking of Nuno Espirito Santo. And the former Italy boss has completely transformed the side, who have become a threatening force in the Premier League. Last season, the Lilywhites finished fourth in the top flight to book their place in this season’s Champions League and have since bolstered their squad with six summer signings as the likes of Ivan Perisic, Richarlison and Yves Bissouma have penned deals to move to north London.  Liverpool, meanwhile, suffered disappointment at the end of the last campaign as they were beaten to the Premier League title by Manchester City before succumbing to Real Madrid in the Champions League final. They began their new campaign with a 2-2 draw against Fulham at Craven Cottage as they were twice forced to come from behind to claim a share of the spoils. Summer signing Darwin Nunez scored his side’s first goal of the season after Aleksandar Mitrovic had nudged the Cottagers in front. Mitrovic then added a second from the penalty spot with just under 20 minutes remaining, but Mohamed Salah spared his side’s blushes late on. If Tottenham keep performing like they did on Saturday, Conte will feel as though his team are in with a shout of honours. But Liverpool will need to raise their game quickly if they want to prove Gallas wrong and show they are still a team who can compete with the best. 