Chelsea's hopes of signing Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this summer are dwindling due to qualms over personal terms. Thomas Tuchel is keen to reunite with the 33-year-old at Stamford Bridge, but Chelsea may have to go against club policy to get a deal over the line. According to The Sun, Aubameyang is demanding a contract over at least two years, but the Blues are only willing to offer a season-long deal to bring him back to the Premier League. Chelsea don't want to issue long-term contracts to players over 30 after past related issues, most notably with David Luiz and Willian. The west Londoners still hope for a compromise with Aubameyang before the September 1 transfer deadline. And they are understood to have essentially agreed a fee worth around £25million with Barcelona for the former Arsenal captain, who is contracted until 2025 at the Nou Camp. Tuchel struck up a positive relationship with Aubameyang at Borussia Dortmund and wants the Gabon international in his ranks after Romelu Lukaku's return to Inter Milan earlier this summer. The report adds that the pair remain close, which could help persuade him to accept a contract until the end of the season. JUST IN: Man Utd's 'leaked' XI to tackle Southampton emerges  Chelsea completed the £50m capture of Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling in July. But Lukaku's exit has left Tuchel void of an out-and-out central striker, with Sterling and Kai Havertz unconvincingly operating as false nines so far this season. The Blues' toothless 3-0 defeat at Leeds United last time out intensified their need for a player who can reliably produce in front of goal. And Aubameyang proved his goalscoring credentials, albeit around a few dry patches, during his time with Arsenal and his brief stint in Spain with Barcelona. However, Chelsea may need to get a move on in their attempts to convince him about their terms. Di Marzio reports Manchester United have made a fresh approach to Barcelona for his services and are looking to rival their Premier League foes as Erik ten Hag eyes attacking firepower of his own. READ MORE: Chelsea fired Anthony Gordon warning by Frank Lampard after Fofana  Tuchel has 20-year-old striker Armando Broja at his disposal, who enjoyed a promising loan spell at Southampton last season, netting nine times. But the German head coach is seemingly yet to trust him to produce regularly for Chelsea, despite denying him another loan exit this season. Aubameyang could be one of a few new recruits in the final five days of the transfer window. Chelsea are set to complete the £75m signing of Leicester City centre-back Wesley Fofana and are also in talks over Russian teenager Arsen Zakharyan. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here