There have been numerous portrayals of Elvis Presley in film and TV over the years, but 2022 was the first time a cinematic biopic of The King has ever been made. Released 45 years after his untimely death at just 42, his daughter Lisa Marie Presley has praised the movie for finally getting her father right. Lisa Marie has said in interviews since how she was gripping the arms of the chair she was sitting in before seeing Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis, uncertain of what to expect. After seeing the movie, she broke a year-long social media silence to share her review. The 54-year-old wrote on Instagram: “Hello everyone, I haven’t posted in quite some time because there really isn’t much to say, as I am and will forever be mourning the loss of my son. Navigating through this hideous grief that absolutely destroyed and shattered my heart and my soul into almost nothing has swallowed me whole. Not much else aside from my other 3 children gets my time and attention any more. However, that being said, I do want to take a moment to let you know that I have seen Baz Luhrmann's movie Elvis twice now, and let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite.” Lisa Marie continued: “ Austin Butler channeled and embodied my father’s heart and soul beautifully. In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.) You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever.” READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley on ‘emotional, incredible’ time at Elvis premiere Lisa Marie confessed: “What moved me to tears as well was watching Riley and Harper, and Finley afterwards, all 3 visibly overwhelmed in the best way possible way, and so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced. It breaks my heart that my son isn’t here to see it. He would have absolutely loved it as well. I can’t tell you enough how much I love this film and I hope you love it too.” DON'T MISSElvis grandson: Lisa Marie shares 'eternal bond' photo with late son [LISA MARIE SON]Elvis: Linda Thompson's tribute to King 50 years after first meeting [LINDA THOMPSON]Michael Jackson death: Lisa Marie's casket moment alone ‘to apologise’ [MICHAEL JACKSON] Lisa Marie added: “Everyone involved poured their hearts and souls into it, which is evidenced in their performances. Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I'm being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way. Love you ~LMP.” Elvis is out now to buy or rent on digital download, with physical platforms available for purchase from September 19.