Arsenal transfer target Mykhaylo Mudryk will reportedly set the club back £25million if they want to land a late deal as Mikel Arteta looks to add to his squad again before Thursday’s deadline. The Ukrainian winger has emerged as a target for the Gunners in recent days as they seek to add to their attacking options following the departure of Nicolas Pepe. The 21-year-old is known for his creative ability contributing 10 assists in just 28 appearances for Shakhtar Donetsk since making his debut in 2018. He has also scored twice during the time with his playing style attracting comparisons to Brazilian superstar Neymar. He has broken into the Ukrainian national team this year and already has five caps to his name. Arsenal have made few secrets of their wish to add a winger to their roster in the final hours of the window. The club had been heavily linked with a move for Wolves star Pedro Neto however their interest cooled as a result of his price tag. The Gunners have since learned what it would cost to land Mudryk and it is substantially less than the fee for the Portuguese star. CBS reports that Shakhtar would like £25m for the player who is contracted until 2026. However, there appears to still be a chunk of negotiations to be done with the club said to be £10m apart in their evaluations. A deal remains very possible but it is likely to drag on until the end of the window. JUST IN: Liverpool offer for Caicedo to be laughed off after Potter comment It is not the first time the young winger has been linked with a move to the Premier League after reportedly being in the crosshairs of both Everton and Brentford earlier in the window. The move to the Bees got the closest with the player speaking highly of the London club at the time. "I want to thank Brentford for the offers," he said. "To end up in the Premier League at 20 years old is fantastic but the final decision is down to the club president. Had the offer come in a year or 18 months ago, I wouldn’t have given it a second thought - I’d have asked the club to let me go without hesitation. "To end up in the Premier League, aged 20 is amazing. But since [Darijo] Srna & [Roberto] De Zerbi [Shakhtar coaches] took charge everything has changed. I have support. "I currently have a long contract and all of my thoughts are tied to Shakhtar. I will use all my power to help the side win in all competitions that we are taking part in." DON'T MISS...Scott Parker brutally sacked by Bournemouth after 9-0 Liverpool lossAntony could renew bitter feud with Liverpool star at Man UtdLiverpool team news: Predicted XI vs Newcastle with two changes It remains to be seen whether or not Arsenal’s interest will be enough to turn the player’s head in the direction of the English top flight. Given the work required to complete the deal it appears likely it is a saga that will continue right up until the window slams shut on Thursday.