Arsenal are continuing to work on a 'complicated and slow' agreement with Hector Bellerin that he can leave the club this summer, reports in Spain have reaffirmed. The Gunners right-back, who did not feature in Arsenal's 2-0 win at Crystal Palace on the opening day of the season, is free to find a new club after entering the final 12 months of his contract in north London. However, finding a buyer has proven difficult with Arsenal still keen to receive a small fee for the 27-year-old. Bellerin spent las season on loan with Real Betis - the club he supported as a boy - and he intends to seal a permanent transfer to the Seville-based side this summer. Yet there is currently one major obstacle in the way in the form of Betis' restricted transfer funds that have so far prevented them from making an official offer. Arsenal are fully aware that Bellerin wants to return to La Liga but given he is still under contract, they see no reason why they should free him from his current deal at the Emirates. READ MORE: Arsenal handed perfect Pedro Neto incentive after 'unsuccessful £13.2m transfer bid' According to AS in Spain, the process is ‘complicated and slow’ despite an agreement between Arsenal and the player that he can move onto pastures new. On Tuesday, Bellerin's agent Albert Botines met with the Gunners in a bid to convince them to mutually terminate the defender's contract. However, Arsenal are yet to soften their stance, although it's an avenue that could yet be explored later in the transfer window. Arsenal have a track record of freeing players from their contracts in recent times having allowed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Sead Kolasinac to join Barcelona and Marseille in January on free transfers. DON'T MISSMan Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten HagArsenal handed perfect Pedro Neto incentive after 'unsuccessful £13.2m transfer bid'Chelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comeback  Bellerin reportedly earns in excess of £110,000 per week - a salary that would enable Arsenal to free up some additional funds should he depart. But for now, Betis have been told that they must raise some cash in order to push through a move. The Spanish outfit could also potentially be set to miss out on Lyon star Houssem Aouar to Nottingham Forest due to their restricted finances. Betis had agreed to sell wing-back Alex Moreno to Forest last week before the player opted to remain in Andalusia. William Carvalho, a player previously tracked by Arsenal, is also believed to be of interest to Forest. Arsenal are set to offload defender Pablo Mari though after Monza agreed an initial loan deal with the Gunners. The Serie A boys will automatically sign Mari for a small fee should they survive the drop zone in their debut top-flight campaign this season. Ainsley Maitland-Niles is also expected to leave Arsenal, though they are yet to find a buyer for the England international. Arsenal goalkeeper Runar Alex Runarsson is also the subject of loan talks with Alanyaspor.