Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty were back on Saturday to give the latest news headlines to BBC Breakfast viewers. The duo heavily reported on the heatwave that has swept the UK as well as the official drought which is affecting areas in the South West including Devon and Dorset. However, as Sarah spoke with guest Clive Stanbrook from Ladybower Reservoir in Derbyshire, Charlie couldn't help but make a cheeky remark by asking Sarah to move out of the way. "Morning, Charlie. Well, it's a lovely serene morning," Sarah began. "We've got people out fishing, but if you can see where that area is...where that person was fishing, actually, that should be covered in water. "So these reservoirs are running much lower than they should be at." READ MORE: Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview "Another thing that they're dealing with is fires," Sarah continued as she turned to firefighter Clive. Referring to a fire they attended on Friday night, Clive explained: "Like a lot of fires we have had recently, that could have grown out of control. "But we got there and acted quickly." Discussing one bad fire they had to put out recently, the guest continued: "[We had] 34 fire engines over the course of that fire, over about two or three days and over 100 firefighters tackling it.   "It was caused accidentally, but they're just through reckless use of barbecues." Clive went on to issue a warning to visitors going to the Peak District. "It's going to be a glorious weekend, it really is," he added. "And we completely get the people to enjoy the weekend in the Peak District and across the country as much as they possibly can. "But all we implore is please do it sensibly. "Don't have any disposable barbecues, don't do anything that will cause any sparks or any sort of embers." DON'T MISS...This Morning uproar as Matthew Wright slammed for 'blaming' women [REACTION]Emmerdale's Cain Dingle star 'saddened' by colleague's exit [VIDEO]Shetland's Tosh star ‘bereft’ over Douglas Henshall’s exit [INSIGHT] "It's lovely here and the idea is to keep it that way," Sarah said as she wrapped up the segment. "Thank you, Sarah," Charlie replied before joking: "Can I just ask... no offence but could your camera operator just give us a shot of the place you're in. "Just to give us a little look at it, if you could." Sarah took the comment in good jest as she replied: "No offence taken. "It's absolutely beautiful. Come on, Clive, let's get out of the way." "It's beautiful, look at that," Naga chipped in as Sarah added: "It's stunning," Charlie went on to say: "There are two things we can see there. "One is it is a beautiful day and there gonna be people loving it there but also, you know, very manifest the drought situation. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.