Marko Arnautovic could help Manchester United in their bid to facilitate his Premier League return this summer as Erik ten Hag scrambles for attacking reinforcements. The former Stoke City and West Ham United forward is mulling over whether to submit a transfer request to push his move through. United started the 2022/23 season with a dismal 2-1 defeat against Brighton & Hove Albion - the Seagulls' first-ever triumph at Old Trafford. A lack of technical quality in midfield and firepower in attack contributed to the alarming performance in Ten Hag's first competitive game in charge. Earlier on Sunday, a surprise target emerged in Arnautovic, with reports confirming United had seen an initial £7.2million (€8.5m) bid rejected by Serie A club Bologna. But the Red Devils are expected to return with an improved offer, and the 33-year-old looks set to do his part. According to The Telegraph, Arnautovic is 'extremely keen' to reunite with Ten Hag and Steve McClaren at Old Trafford after working with the pair at FC Twente as a teenager. The report states that the Austria international is contemplating asking Bologna to let him leave, and United are confident they will sign him with an improved approach. JUST IN: Boehly's Chelsea promise is good news for Tuchel and hints at deals  After tasting defeat in his first official match as United boss, Ten Hag refused to be drawn into speculation when asked about Arnautovic. And he even played down talk of a move for the striker, who can also play wider, by maintaining confidence in Cristiano Ronaldo's stay. He said: "I don't go into names because I think in this pre-season maybe 250 players are linked to Manchester United. We have two strikers and maybe a third one with Rashford, as well. But he had a really good pre-season on the left side. We didn't have the typical nine available today." READ MORE: 'Man Utd have reignited their interest' as Paulo Dybala mocked  Anthony Martial's absence would've hampered preparations after the Frenchman ended a positive pre-season on a sour note by picking up a hamstring injury just days before Sunday's curtain-raiser. And with Ronaldo still lacking fitness and match sharpness after only playing 45 minutes in pre-season, Christian Eriksen spearheaded the front line until his second-half introduction. Amid Ronaldo's desire to leave United, Martial's persistent injury issues and Mason Greenwood's continued suspension, Ten Hag's striker options look ominous at the dawn of a hectic campaign. But whether Arnautovic is the answer rather than the product of late panic remains a leading topic of debate among the fanbase. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt