The Royal Family's adoration of Scotland is no secret, and at different points of the year, the royals will make the trip up north to stay in one of their many Scottish residences. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's private Scottish home is Birkhall, and the pair love it so much they even spent their honeymoon there in 2005. Just like Balmoral offers sanctuary to the Queen away from all the hustle and bustle of Windsor Castle or Buckingham Palace, Charles thinks of Birkhall as his retreat too. The future King once said Birkhall was “a unique haven of cosiness and character." While in residence, Charles attends several engagements in Scotland and is known to don traditional tartan and a kilt for outings. He also spent the first Covid lockdown at Birkhall in 2020 and self-isolated at the residence when he tested positive for COVID-19.  READ MORE: Bagshot Park: Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's 120-room home Birkhall is a sprawling estate encompassing 53,000 acres of land in Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Birkhall is just a short drive away from Balmoral Castle, and it was acquired by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert as part of the Balmoral Estate in the 19th Century. The residence offers ample access to the River Muick, and Charles is known to have fished in the rivers while in residence over the years.  Queen Victoria and Prince Albert first gifted Birkhall to their son, the future King Edward VII, and it later became the Scottish home of the Duke and Duchess of York, the future King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother. The Duke and Duchess loved the great outdoors and dedicated a lot of their time to improving Birkhall's surrounding gardens. When King George VI ascended the throne, he and the Queen lived at Balmoral Castle while visiting Scotland. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton wears three tiaras worth £8million - pictures [INSIGHT]Pippa Middleton's £250,000 engagement ring is 'breath-taking' [PICTURES]Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage [ANALYSIS]  Then Princess Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh would reside in Birkhall during this time, so Prince Charles has been acquainted with Birkhall ever since he was a child. After King George VI died in 1952, the Queen Mother spent more of her time at Birkhall and enlarged the house into the grand residence it is today. When the Queen Mother died in 2002, Prince Charles inherited Birkhall and it has been his primary Scottish residence ever since. The gardens are a source of great interest to Charles, and he previously told Country Life: ‘‘It is such a special place, particularly because it was made by my grandmother. It is a childhood garden, and all I’ve done, really, is enhance it a bit." 