The Walking Dead is almost at an end now but AMC is continuing to expand Robert Kirkman’s zombie universe with further spin-off shows including the Rick and Michonne series. The drama was originally slated to be a trilogy of movies for AMC before being turned into a TV show instead. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the show and what fans can expect. The Rick and Michonne series is poised to be coming out in 2023, but there’s no firm date as yet with a premiere likely to be confirmed closer to the time. The Walking Dead is expected to wrap up in November 2022, which means the Rick and Michonne spin-off could debut in February or March 2023, filling the gap left by the end of the parent series. However, it was announced at The Walking Dead’s San Diego Comic-Con (SDCC) panel the forthcoming series would consist of six episodes. Episodes are expected to be airing on a weekly basis on AMC rather than any mass drop, mirroring parent show The Walking Dead’s release schedule. READ MORE: The Walking Dead season 11 part 3: When will The Walking Dead return? There are reports there could be more episodes after the initial six instalments, according to IGN. In Britain, FOX UK and streaming platform NOW - which air The Walking Dead - are expected to broadcast episodes of Rick and Michonne. Another possibility could be AMC UK on BT TV, which is the home of prequel series Fear The Walking Dead. Express.co.uk will update this article when more information is available. British actor Andrew Lincoln will be reprising his role as Rick Grimes and Danai Gurira returns to Michonne Hawthorne. The pair both left The Walking Dead separately with Lincoln departing back in season nine after he was helicoptered out of danger. Gurira exited later after Michonne found signs Rick could still be alive and went to find him. The show is likely to have some new cast members as Rick and Michonne go on new adventures during the zombie apocalypse. Additionally, there could be some crossovers with other stars from The Walking Dead making small appearances, such as Norman Reedus as Daryl Dixon and Melissa McBride as Carol Peletier, who have their own spin-off as well. AMC’s head honcho on Scott Gimple previously said audiences could expect “faces from the show’s past, as well as new characters we hope to become favorites [sic]” in the spin-off. DON'T MISS...The Walking Dead season 11 release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT]How much is Melissa McBride paid for The Walking Dead? [EXPLAINER]How much was Andrew Lincoln paid for The Walking Dead? [ANALYSIS] So far, very little has been revealed about the Rick and Michonne series with Gimple remaining tight-lipped. Nonetheless, it was confirmed on the SDCC panel the show would “continue the journey and love story" between Rick and Michonne. After the Rick spin-off was first confirmed in 2018, a statement from Gimple read: "This is the end of Rick Grimes on The Walking Dead, but this is not the end of Rick Grimes' story. "We are going to continue telling Rick Grimes' story in a series of AMC Original films. There's a lot of story to tell." Gimple also teased the spin-off would be a “big evolution of what we’ve doing on the show, with the scope and scale of features”. He said there would be “yet-unseen worlds of The Walking Dead” as the world continues to broaden its horizons. The executive producer added: “We want to break new ground with different, distinct stories, all part of the same world that’s captured our imagination for nearly a decade of the Dead.” While AMC executive David Madden said: “For many years, fans have talked about things in the apocalypse they want to see and now we have an opportunity to explore those stories, beginning with the character who started it all, Rick Grimes.” The Walking Dead season 11 midseason premiere airs on AMC on October 2 and FOX UK on October 3