 As the cost of living crisis continues to rumble on, people are constantly on the lookout for ways to save as much money as possible. One Tesco employee took to TikTok to share a hack that she said “not a lot of people know” in order to save a bit of extra cash. Gracie Jayne is a sales assistant at the supermarket chain and explained that Britons could get the equivalent of three times their money back in savings on hotel stays and other rewards with their Tesco Clubcard.     Tesco Clubcard is a loyalty card scheme for the supermarket chain and people can build up their points when they shop with Tesco which get turned into vouchers when they have saved up enough points. In the clip, Gracie said: “‘I was scanning all these Clubcard vouchers and I remember that not a lot of people know that you can actually get three times as much money back to spend on hotels.” She tells viewers that they can use their Clubcard points to treat themselves and do something nice. The TikTok then goes on to show the viewers how they can claim these rewards. READ MORE: Inheritance tax ‘should be reduced’ from 40 to 20 percent     Gracie first logged into her Tesco Clubcard app and scrolled to the bottom where there were additional rewards that could be redeemed. The rewards included things such as hotels, restaurants, theme parks, and travel. Grace shared that the reward that she had used the most was for Hotels.com. This is because she is able to use a £5 Clubcard voucher to get £15 off a hotel stay.    Gracie added that she uses it specifically for hostel stays as she is interrailing this summer. The TikTok went viral has racked up 75,9000 views and has been liked over 2,000 times. Viewers of the video have shared how her tip has helped them with one user commenting “I’ve had two holidays off the back of this!” Another said: “Me and my boyfriend use it to go for meals every couple of months” READ MORE: Premium Bonds: What are your odds of winning £1million?    Replying to this comment Gracie said: “Honestly don’t know why people don’t use the extra free money!!” At the moment, Tesco has become synonymous with cutting the prices dramatically for certain items for Tesco Clubcard holders. Sometimes the price for some branded products could be cut by more than half. This is a big help for Britons and has garnered a lot of praise online at the moment as shoppers are seeing food prices skyrocket.     Those who want to take advantage of Tesco Clubcard prices need to sign up to register a Clubcard member account. This can be done on Tesco’s online website and the scheme is open to anyone over the age of 18 years. To create the account people will need to share their name, address, email and contact number. Alternatively, shoppers can sign up through the Tesco Clubcard app, which is available to download on all smartphones.   