Forced retirement age is no longer a policy, which offers Britons flexibility in when they are going to retire. As such, a new study by Dunstan Thomas has shown many Britons are now choosing to retire later. The research was gathered by questioning so-called “Baby Boomers” - people currently aged 58 to 75. It found nearly half of those asked in this category were still in paid work at the time of the survey. An overwhelming 71 percent of these individuals said they are planning to work on beyond state pension age. With the state pension age currently set at 66, this is higher than ever before and further increases are due in future. Working Baby Boomers anticipate staying in paid work for an average of 4.3 years beyond the state pension age. It means that on average individuals in this category will be over 70 when they wish to retire. The study also looked into the anticipated retirement age when women took out their first pension. This has shifted by a full three years, moving from an average of 60.4 to 63.4 years old. DON'T MISSState pensioners call for ‘at least’ £200 per week for all retirees [ANALYSIS]Energy bill rebate worth £400 is coming - Britons warned of scam [WARNING]Woman shocked to find she's paid £3,000 more than others [UPDATE] It means it has reached parity with men’s retirement age expectations today. While there are many different reasons for a later retirement, the Dunstan Thomas report also highlighted the issue of intergenerational subsidisation. A third of those asked anticipate continuing to support their children financially in some way following their retirement. In addition, 16 percent of these Boomers state they will be supporting their grandchildren also. READ MORE: Tesco worker shares lesser known clubcard hack Although many people will be happy to do this, it could significantly dent their disposable retirement income. It was also found many are withdrawing tax-free cash from their pension to fund property ladder moves for family, major life events, weddings or honeymoons. One percent of those asked said they had even put aside funds into savings for school or university fees for family members. Adrian Boulding, Director of Retirement Strategy at Dunstan Thomas, explained: “Many Boomers are financially supporting their children and increasingly grandchildren. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “And what they are likely to be setting aside for this purpose is running into thousands of pounds per year. “We found one example of a pensioner paying the rent on her granddaughter’s flat. “This level of subsidisation by Boomers is worthy of further investigation. “It has clear implications for the retirement income levels they will need to build in order to support themselves, their children and other family members simultaneously.”