Leeds could ‘swoop’ for Southampton striker Che Adams after learning that the Scotland international is surplus to requirements with the Saints, according to reports. Jesse Marsch wants to strengthen his attacking options ahead of the transfer deadline next month but hit an obstacle in his pursuit of top target Arnaud Kalimuendo. Paris Saint-Germain striker Kalimuendo impressed on loan at RC Lens last season, catching the eye of several clubs around Europe. However, new PSG boss Christophe Galtier is thought to be a big fan of the 20-year-old and wants him to remain with the Ligue 1 champions. Leeds were thought to be close to striking a £21m agreement with PSG before it emerged that Galtier requested that the striker stay. That leaves Leeds needing to source an alternative, with Southampton attacker Adams targeted. JUST IN: Arsenal have already discovered what Thierry Henry thinks of Neto The South Coast outfit are willing to let the 26-year-old leave ahead of the summer transfer deadline to balance their own books after a big-spending summer. Adams could depart to Leeds. That is according to The Athletic, who claim that the door is open for Leeds to swoop in and seal a transfer for the former Birmingham City star. Adams was an unused substitute in Southampton’s 4-1 Premier League defeat by Tottenham on Saturday. Leeds boss Marsch has been backed strongly this summer and the signing of a new striker would elevate the club’s spending above £100million. Star players Kalvin Phillips and Raphinha have both departed, but Leeds have replaced them with the likes of Brenden Aaronson, Luis Sinisterra, Tyler Adams, Rasmus Kristensen, Marc Roca and Darko Gyarbi. Marsch’s side opened the new Premier League season with a 2-1 win over Wolves. It was a good start for Marsch, who is desperate to avoid another relegation battle come May. DON'T MISS...Newcastle face three dilemmas as price set for potential record buyFrenkie de Jong clip shows how good he'd be for Man Utd or ChelseaTottenham could still make 3 signings once Udogie transfer complete The 48-year-old has praised the Elland Road hierarchy for backing him with a strong transfer window. He said ahead of Saturday’s clash with Wolves: “It was easy for me to see from the first day that I came in, that the club and the people here at Thorp Arch and at Elland Road had supported Marcelo [Bielsa] 100 per cent. “All in, they did everything that they could. That was from support staff to coaching staff to the players - everyone. I took that as a real positive and as an opportunity for myself. “I can only say that, obviously, you’re referencing our transfer politics but I think even more so, if you were to see the work that is done everyday, from day one I have never felt so supported in my life. It’s a real credit to the people of this club, and the club in general, that this is the situation.”