Former Undertones singer and keen angler Feargal Sharkey, 64, called out the industry for failing to clean up their act while millions of people experience hosepipe bans amid a drought. He said: “In 2018 Michael Gove as Secretary of State warned the water industry about fleecing bill payers, the excessive salaries, the greed-inspired bonuses and the nausea-generating levels of dividends." “The ‘excuse-mongering just won’t wash’, he told them. Four years later the industry’s knuckles are rubbed raw from even more vigorous excuse-mongering. They don’t listen and they won’t.” Liberal Democrats spokesman for the Environment Tim Farron MP told how water firms have been getting away with “scandal after scandal”. Water companies discharged raw sewage into English rivers 372,533 times last year, for a combined total of more than 2.7million hours. Meanwhile firms leak at least 3.1billion litres of water from creaky underfunded pipes in England and Wales every day. Mr Farron said: “From pumping raw sewage into our rivers to not even bothering to fix leaking pipes." “These firms failing to fix leaks is the reason so many people are inflicted with hosepipe ban misery this summer." “Water companies are raking in multi-billion pound profits whilst poisoning our precious rivers, chalk streams and beaches, they are putting shareholders before people and the environment." “It is time someone stood up to these profiteering firms.” England’s water and sewage company bosses have received almost £27million in bonuses over the past two years. Last year water firms made £2.8billion in operating profits.  Water Minister Steve Double warned supply firms to put their customers ahead of their shareholders. He said he expected better from the suppliers and warned they could face further action if they failed to make progress soon. Mr Double said: “Water companies must continue to invest more, including to prevent leakage and work faster to fix leaks." “We are losing somewhere between 15 to 20 percent annually through leakage, which is not acceptable." “Progress has been made but my message to water companies is they need to prioritise customers, not shareholder returns. If we don’t see the progress we expect, we won’t hesitate to take further action.” Most people support public ownership of crucial utilities such as energy and water, research has suggested. Campaign group We Own It said its survey of 4,300 adults showed overwhelming backing for public ownership, even among Conservative voters. More than three out of five members of the public, and a similar number of Conservatives, wanted to see the utilities in public ownership, said the report. Cat Hobbs, director of We Own It, said “Privatisation has failed for nearly 40 years. Politicians can’t ignore the truth any longer – these monopolies are a cash cow for shareholders around the world and we need to take them back.  “We need energy companies that don’t rip us off, public transport that works for passengers, water companies that don’t pour sewage into our rivers.” Environment secretary George Eustice is said to be pushing for officials to get behind a “national grid for water”. The cabinet minister would like to pump investment into a cross-country pipeline that would move water from wetter parts of western England to the drier east of the country. England could see a drought last into next year following the driest summer for 50 years. River conservation charity The Rivers Trust said only 14 percent of rivers in England are in good ecological health, meaning they are not able to withstand the additional heat stress and low flows caused by drought. The RSPCA warned animals like newts, frogs and toads could struggle to find water during the drought while the RSPB said it was a “really concerning” situation for birds, which face dehydration and habitation disruption. The National Farmers Union said crops such as sugar beet and maize are showing signs of stress from a lack of rain, while crops relying on irrigation, such as field vegetables and potatoes, are also facing problems. Despite the risk of “torrential downpours” during storms, Met Office meteorologist Steven Keates said: “It’ll take more than a couple of wet days to redress the effects of the long dry spell we’ve had so far."