Liverpool have drawn up a two-man shortlist of midfield targets to pursue between now and next week's all-important transfer deadline, according to reports. The Reds are said to have made a last-gasp return to the market to strengthen their ranks in the middle of the park, with the likes of Thiago Alcantara, Naby Keita, Curtis Jones and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain all sidelined with their respective injury problems. Liverpool will only have a few days to get their house in order before the window closes on Thursday, but it seems as though the Merseyside giants have already identified two players with the ability to excel in Jurgen Klopp's system if they can be snapped up in the near future. Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves and RB Leipzig playmaker Konrad Laimer have been earmarked as potentially suitable targets by the Reds, who have put together a handful of reports on players that meet their criteria and are currently available, according to 90min.It is claimed that Liverpool's scouts have been frantically trying to compile a list of midfielders who could realistically be signed prior to next week's deadline over the last few days. They have reportedly issued a positive report on Neves, who has been linked with a move away from Wolves all summer but remains at Molineux as things stand.Neves remains under contract at Wolves until the summer of 2024 but is believed to be open to leaving the club over the coming days, while the recent arrival of Matheus Nunes from Sporting suggests that there may be potential for a deal to be struck with Liverpool during the closing stages of the window. However, it remains to be seen whether the Reds will firm up their interest in the Portuguese midfielder with an official bid or if they will ultimately decide to explore other avenues. JUST IN: Manchester United already 'surprised' by Casemiro ahead of Southampton They could also opt to chase a move for Laimer, who is said to have already been recommended to Manchester United by former interim boss Ralf Rangnick towards the end of last season. He is believed to be keen on the idea of joining Bayern Munich, with the German champions having kept tabs on his development for some time, and has no intention of signing a new contract with Leipzig prior to the expiry of his current deal at the end of the campaign.Liverpool manager Klopp revealed on Friday that he is actively looking to sign a new midfielder as a result of the club's ongoing injury crisis, but insisted that panic-buying is not an option in spite of their urgent need for reinforcements in the engine room. "I am the one who said we don’t need a midfielder, and you were all right and I was wrong, that’s the situation," Klopp told reporters when quizzed on the possibility of dipping back into the transfer market on short notice."But the specific point doesn’t change, we will do something but it has to be the right one. We are actually working constantly on these things, sometimes too expensive, sometimes not the right player, sometimes the situation changes."We are working and will see if something will happen or not, I don’t know. We are looking and if it is the right player we need him, if it is not the right player we don’t need him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here