Barcelona star Memphis Depay has ruled out a move to Real Sociedad at a time where Manchester United have ‘knocked on his door’, according to reports. The Netherlands international’s future at the Nou Camp is currently up in the air. However, with days of the transfer window remaining, things are expected to become clearer in the coming hours ahead. Depay has been linked with United at a time where the club want a new forward. Cristiano Ronaldo could leave Old Trafford, especially after he was benched for the third time in four Premier League matches against Southampton on Saturday, while Edinson Cavani has already gone and Mason Greenwood remains unavailable. Barcelona are open to parting ways with Depay in case a suitable offer arises, with the 28-year-old believed to be willing to move on providing he finds the right club. According to Sport, the Netherlands international has no interest in moving to Real Sociedad as a replacement for Alexander Isak. Isak has left Spain to play for Newcastle, moving to St James’ Park in a huge £60million deal. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers But Depay won’t be heading to the Reale Arena before Thursday, with the former PSV Eindhoven star preferring to move to the Premier League instead. That bodes well for United, who are eyeing the forward five-and-a-half years after Jose Mourinho previously sold him. United previously signed Depay back in the summer of 2015, believing he’d be the perfect winger to shine under compatriot Louis van Gaal - who had been appointed the previous year. Things started well enough for the player, with Depay scoring a memorable brace in a Champions League qualifier against Club Brugge. But that was as good as it got for the forward at Old Trafford, with Van Gaal then leaving the attacker out of his squad for the 2016 FA Cup final win over Crystal Palace. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him After Van Gaal failed to steer his side into the top four, Jose Mourinho was hired as his replacement. Yet Depay was given just four league outings under the current Roma boss before being offloaded to Lyon in the January transfer window of 2017. Now, a shock move back to United could be on the cards with the publication claiming the Red Devils have ‘knocked on the door’ of their former No 7. And whether Depay does indeed end up returning to the fallen Premier League giants is something only time will tell. Speaking last year, meanwhile, the Netherlands international opened up on his spell in England and where things went wrong. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And he claimed Van Gaal impacted his confidence, while also expressing a belief Mourinho never gave him much of a chance. "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong. The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV,” he said. "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing.” If Depay does move to United, he’ll become their sixth signing from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Ander Herrera, Angel Di Maria and Victor Valdes joined when Van Gaal ruled the roost. And Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer recruited Eric Bailly and Raphael Varane during their respective spells in the dugout. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here