Manchester United are reportedly interested in signing France international Marcus Thuram. The 25-year-old has already scored five goals for Borussia Monchengladbach this season and his form is claimed to have caught United's eye. The Red Devils are in the market for a forward in the remainder of the window, with Cristiano Ronaldo's future looking increasingly uncertain. United are now thought to be more open to selling Ronaldo. Atletico Madrid's Matheus Cunha emerged as a target on Monday. But now Thuram's name can be added to the list. French outlet Foot Mercato Marseille says both United and AC Milan are interested in the versatile forward. The report doesn't state whether that interest has transmitted into any contact with either Monchengladbach or the player's representatives yet. Thuram has had a blistering start to the new season. He scored a hat-trick in the 9-1 German Cup win over SV Oberachern and has netted in both his side's Bundesliga matches. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's £42m deal, Chelsea line up two, De Jong twist  Thuram has spent a lot of his career as a left-sided attacker but has started as the central striker for Monchengladbach this season. And he could be an attractive option for Erik ten Hag, with less than a year remaining on his contract. Thuram, son of former France defender Lilian, joined Monchengladbach from Guingamp in 2019. He has not always been a regular starter, though missed a fair amount of last season due to injury. The last of his four caps for France came in 2021 and he is yet to score for his country. But he only turned 25 earlier this month, so is yet to hit the prime of his career. At 6ft 4, Thuram would provide a physical presence for United up top. He is not the only tall forward to be linked with a move to Old Trafford. DON'T MISSVieira gives Arsenal title verdict after Liverpool draw against PalaceMan Utd may make last-minute move to seal Ten Hag request as belief emergesMan Utd's XI by end of window if Murtough signs Ten Hag's four targets  Stuttgart's Sasa Kalajdzic is also on the list of targets for Ten Hag. Bundesliga commentator Kevin Hatchard says the 6ft 7 star would be a good fit at United. Hatchard told Sky Sports News: "Manchester United might've been linked with a sensible player for one, maybe. Because he would fit them I think. "He's very tall, 6ft 7, but what he isn't is a classic target man. You wouldn't just lump the ball up to him, he can play. "It's that old school Peter Crouch thing of 'good touch for a big man'. He's a guy that, when he's fit, he scores goals. He's done it in a poor Stuttgart team."  Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt