The 14th season of NCIS: Los Angeles cannot come soon enough for fans of the hit CBS series, especially given the action-packed and explosive season 13 finale. A number of plot lines hang in the air, from Marty Deeks (played by Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye’s (Daniela Ruah) foster journey to the romantic future between G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) and Anna (Bar Paly). However, there’ll undoubtedly be more crime-fighting coming Devin Roundtree’s (Caleb Castille) way too. Devin became a firm fan-favourite since joining forces with Callen and Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) as part of the squad. This is in no small part thanks to Castille’s portrayal of Devin but also thanks to his onscreen chemistry with Fatima Namazi star Medalion Rahimi. With season 14 on its way, fans are looking for any tidbits of information as to what may lay ahead for the OSP [Office of Special Projects]. And now, Castille has confirmed the crew will be utilising the famous boat shed in the upcoming run. READ MORE: How much money did Michael Weatherly make from NCIS role? Taking to his Instagram Stories, Castille shared a short clip behind the scenes as filming got underway in the iconic location. “Boat shed days be the best days,” he captioned the video as he gave a scan around. Unfortunately for fans, Castille did his best not to give away any major storyline details in his brief sneak peek. However, given what the boat shed has become famous for, it looks like the team will have some rather tense interrogations coming their way. After all, Callen, Hanna and co often used the boat shed to put their suspects under the microscope away from prying eyes. It’s also located right on the outskirts of the LA Harbor, making it perfect for keeping their investigations under wraps. But which antagonists will come face to face e with Devin in the boat shed in season 14? As of yet, a cast list of possible villains is yet to be announced but this isn’t the only piece of casting news fans are keen to know more about. DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Pauley Perrette ‘really excited’ as she makes rare TV returnNCIS LA season 14: Crew member shares ominous first-lookNCIS’ Jessica Knight star sparks meltdown as she drops Parker spoiler There’s the not-so-small issue of Hetty Lange’s (Linda Hunt) place on the team given her absence in the 13th run. Hetty rarely appeared on-screen in season 13, spending a lot of time out of the picture. She also revealed in the 13th run she had a new mission ahead in Syria which she couldn’t divulge too much about. So will she be back? Showrunner R Scott Gemmill has confirmed there’s plenty more to come between Hetty and Callen. He told TV Insider: “That certainly has to play out. We started to see the beginning of the friction between the two of them as he starts to find more about his past that seemed to have been put to bed. “Before he can sort of resolve this with her, she goes back to Syria. “In the end, we will understand why she did it and that there were some other circumstances involved that save Hetty from being a bad guy, “But it’s still a bit of a bit of a sore subject for Callen and something he’s gonna have to learn to live with.” NCIS Los Angeles season 14 premieres on CBS in the USA on October 9. A UK release date is yet to be announced.