 The tax authority has sent out multiple warnings to taxpayers on Twitter about fraudulent email which is currently making the rounds. In the emails, scammers pose as HMRC and claim a person is eligible for a tax refund as they had overpaid National Insurance. Twitter user @sammij2912 tweeted HMRC’s customer service account with a screenshot of the email asking for advice as the email account it was from seemed genuine.     They said: “I received an email from noreply@hmrc.gov.uk stating I am eligible for a tax refund. “The email address seems legit after a check but the link on the email is marked unsafe. Advice would be appreciated.” The email subject line was “Notification of tax refund” and it told the receiver that “after the last annual calculations of fiscal activity” they were entitled to a refund of several hundred pounds. The email that @sammij2912 received stated that they were entitled to a refund of National Insurance worth £469.00. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out     The email then urged the receiver to “submit their tax refund request” and included a link that the reader would have to click to access the said form. This link however would send individuals to a phishing website that aims to harvest their personal details. It also included an attachment to the form which people could download. It could possibly have contained a virus which would infect the individual's device. The email then stated that the taxpayer needed to submit their tax refund before August 30, 2022.     HMRC responded by highlighting that this was indeed a “phishing scam”. The tax authority said: “Hi Sam. That is a phishing scam. Please don't reply or click on the link. Run anti-virus software if you clicked the link. “You can send the email to phishing@hmrc.gov.uk to report or report it here.” @samj2912 responded thanking HMRC for responding so quickly. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments    They added: “Thanks, the email looked a bit suspicious but the email address checked out. Appreciate you coming back to me so quickly. I’ll definitely report it. Have a great weekend.” Several other people tweeted the HMRC customer support account after receiving a similar email over the last two weeks. Another user, @sufian54321, reported receiving a similar email which claimed that they had overpaid their National Insurance as a Self Assessment taxpayer and were owed a £5719.27 refund. The design was similar to the aforementioned email, however, this one included a supposed “tax reference number” and “payment reference number”.    In the last five years, phishing scams including fake emails, calls, and messages suggesting they are from HMRC have grown in number. HMRC urges people to be wary and suggests they use a checklist if they believe something could be a scam. Britons can use this checklist to verify a text, email, phone call or letter. HMRC warns it could be a scam if it: HMRC advises that if a person is in doubt at all then they should not reply directly and should contact HMRC through GOV.UK straight away and search GOV.UK for “HMRC scams”.