Fans are convinced Conor McGregor has posted a video of himself receiving oral sex on his private yacht. Notorious has been away from the Octagon since July 2021 with a broken leg sustained in his last outing against Dustin Poirier and is currently living it up as he travels the world in style with fiancee Dee Devlin. The UFC star recently visited Monaco to attend the Grand Prix and was seen partying in Ibiza a couple of weeks ago. Throughout his break, McGregor has kept fans updated every step of the way and appears to be enjoying his time off after years of dedicated training. But one update has caught people’s attention more than the others. On Saturday, the Irishman posted a video and an image that fans are certain shows McGregor enjoying a sex act on his boat. Taking to social media, McGregor posted an image of himself leaning back on his boat with the bottom half of his body cut off, captioned: “If you’re getting it, get it top floor of the triple deck." While a now-deleted video posted to his Instagram story appeared to briefly show his fiancee’s head before panning to a stunning sea view from the top deck of his boat. As a result, the internet has been sent into an absolute frenzy. One fan wrote: “Did Conor McGregor really just post himself getting head on IG story?” Another agreed, tweeting: “Conor Mcgregor really posted himself getting head on his boat.” A third added: “Did this dude just post a video of Dee topping him off? Conor McGregor is a different breed.” MORE BOXING NEWS... KSI raises Tate fight concern as Haye discusses 'ban' after double KO David Haye explains what he's seen of KSI behind closed doors Usyk told 'better' fight than Fury that will leave fans on 'edge' But not everyone was convinced. "I really think he’s rubbing his wife’s hair. People love to over react lmao,” wrote one user. "I honestly think his wife is just sleeping on his lap,” suggested another. According to reports, McGregor is expected to return to action in February or March next year. Among the rumoured opponents are Charles Oliviera, Alexander Volkanovski, Henry Cejudo and Michael Chandler, with the latter being the most likely. Many have questioned whether the former two-weight world champion will ever fight again after affirming that he intends to pursue a career in acting. Earlier this month, it was announced he would be making his big screen debut in an Amazon Prime remake of 80s action classic Road House putting a return early next year in doubt.