A TikTok user Rachel Raab, aka itsraininglegs, detailed her clever method to revive cut hydrangeas, which are likely to suffer in the current heatwave or hot weather in general. The trick has over 30k views on the platform so far. The mother, who posts sweet videos with her family on the app, shared "the ultimate hydrangea hack!" So how do you do it? Rachel said: "Simply cut off an inch of the stem and replace the water with the hottest water out of your sink and wait." The mum said the trick is "one of my favorite hacks I thought everyone knew! Turns out no one does." She shared a little more detail and said: "Cut about one inch off the stems and immediately put them in the hottest that comes out of your sink. "Give it a few hours and they will come back." READ MORE: Best plants to sow right now: Top choice flowers thrive in 'pretty much any weather'  Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The content creator set up a time-lapse video overnight to watch how a fresh cut and hot water brought the "hydrangeas back from the dead." Her video showed the cut flowers busting back into bloom overnight. The stems became firmer again and stood upright after having wilted in the heat, and the flowers opened up. TikTok users commented to verify that the hack worked for them. One wrote: "I did this and it worked! Thank you." DON'T MISS'Keep them flowering all summer': Garden pro on pruning roses [EXPERT] Save 'leggy' plants - 'do not throw them in the bin' [HOW TO] Best plants for your garden this summer - 13 flowers [GARDENING]  Another said: "Worked for me, thank you!! I was ready to throw them out when I came across this!!" One commented: "Left my potted hydrangea in the sun too long & it wilted. Watered it & 30 mins later it was back to its full beautiful self! Nature is amazing!" While you might think hot water could kill your plants, in fact, the "boiling water method" is used by people to revive hydrangeas with reported success. The hot water helps wash away a thick sap produced by hydrangeas, which can block the stems and prevent the flowers from drinking.  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The flowers should revive within a day. Hydrangeas are thirsty plants and will suffer in the hot weather this week. If you have potted hydrangeas, an expert suggests giving the plants a deep, soaking water one to three times a week, rather than giving them a little water each day. It is normal for the plant to wilt in the head of the day though. This means it can be difficult to know if they are wilting due to heat or need more water. Alan Titchmarsh, however, recommends watering hydrangeas "every day in summer – morning and evening when it is hot and sunny – adding liquid feed once a week in spring and summer".