However, for those who have had a sighting of this sweet-loving pest, there is no reason to panic. While these pests are annoying and certainly uninvited, they do not tend to sting or bite. Plus, for those who have sighted a sugar ant, there is a high chance that they will see a multitude around their property – as they are known to travel in large numbers – especially after rainfall.    Those who have read up on how to get rid of ants before, they're in a good position to regain control over their home quickly. But it's important to note that each species varies slightly. So if you know how to kill carpenter ants or pavement ants in your garden, it's important to take note, as these tips may differ. While sugar ants are a nuisance, they are easy to remove from your home. Here's how professionals respond to an infestation. If homeowners research ‘why do ants come into the house?' they will quickly find that they are primarily attracted to food sources. READ MORE: ‘Excellent homemade traps’ to get rid of ants and flies in your home   Sugar ants are certainly no expectation. This is why Megan Wede, a co-owner at Done Right Pest Solutions recommends eliminating their food as your first job. She said: “This means storing all leftover food, goodies, baking goods including sugar and honey, in an airtight container where they can't get through.” Entomologist and National Training Manager Scott Svenheim from Truly Nolen of America similarly suggest removing all sources of sugar, or sweet foodstuffs (especially honey, sugary treats, and fruit), which are the main staple in their diet. He advised: “Keep all food tightly sealed in airtight containers, and be sure to thoroughly clean surfaces after meals; good housekeeping is your friend to effectively deal with ants.” DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [COMMENT]‘Correct’ way to remove ‘yellow stains’ from pillows without scrubbing [TIPS] He also recommends using household cleaners to wipe down areas where they are trailing to help deter them. For those who suspect the sugar ants are coming from outside, they should keep doors and windows tightly sealed; and ensure cracks are sealed securely. Scott added: “Vegetation should be trimmed away from touching the house (this just gives the ants outside direct passageways to get into the home).” After removing their sources and entry points, homeowners should place natural repellents such as salt, pepper, chalk powder, or peppermint oil around ant-infested areas. READ MORE: ‘Genuinely effective’ 65p method to deter foxes from gardens  Using peppermint oil to get rid of mice and other forms of ants is similarly effective, so it's worth investing in bulk if you have a problem with pests. However, Megan warned that a repellent should only be used once the problem has been dealt with. She said: “Remember that if you simply repel the ants, you aren't getting rid of them at their source. And keep in mind that if you wait to bait the ants, you shouldn't use repellents either, or they won't be attracted to the bait.” Homeowners are most likely to find an ants’ nest outside, where they are still attracted to sugar.    Therefore, a thorough inspection of outdoor spaces and around the home will help you identify ant activity. Scott advised: “If the nests happen to be located inside, they could be found anywhere, but generally, they would be in a wall void, ceiling, or crawlspace.” Megan adds that ant nests are also commonly found in wall voids, under cement slabs, and in the ground, where it is hard to find the nest. Therefore, Britons may need to put out bait for the ants to take back to the queen and their nest as the expert pointed out “once you kill the queen, you kill the whole nest”.   