Chelsea have seen a third offer for Leicester City star Wesley Fofana rejected as they look to finally solve their defensive crisis. The Frenchman is a top target at Stamford Bridge, though there is a reluctance to meet the Foxes’ asking price for the defender. Following the arrivals of Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella, Chelsea feel they are one defensive recruit away from rebuilding their backline. However, they have faced several setbacks in their bid to find the final piece of the puzzle. After failed pursuits of Jules Kounde, Nathan Ake and Matthijs de Ligt, the club have turned their attention to Leicester star Fofana – though their Premier League rivals are in no rush to sell the 21-year-old. According to The Athletic, the Blues have seen a £70million bid, including add-ons, rejected ‘immediately’ for the defender, their third offer of the summer. The Foxes have been vocal in how they will only accept an offer of over £80m for the former Saint-Etienne star, though Chelsea are not willing to meet that asking price. Instead, they are reportedly only willing to offer up to £70m at the very maximum and thus are relying on Leicester compromising. Fofana has told Leicester that he would like to join Chelsea this summer and was left out of their side’s recent matchday squad to take on Southampton, with Brendan Rodgers confirming that the player was not in the right headspace to represent the club. But that hasn’t forced the Foxes to change their stance, yet. Given that there is only a matter of weeks remaining in the transfer window, it is quite the risk by Todd Boehly to cap what he will bid for Fofana this summer. Tuchel has been vocal about his desire to welcome more reinforcements to his changing room, and he will certainly make it clear that time is not of the essence for extended negotiations. Chelsea relying on Leicester moving the goalposts is certainly a brave tactic by the club, though reports have emerged that they do have alternative targets if a deal cannot be reached. Brighton defender Adam Webster is the latest name to be linked to Stamford Bridge, and his impressive start to the season will certainly catch the eye, though the Seagulls are not open to selling the former Bristol City star. There is also the chance that Tuchel is forced to go without another central defender signing and thus play Cucurella or Reece James in a back three, though that could force the club to bring in cover in the wingback positions. Academy products Trevoh Chalobah and Ethan Ampadu are also on the fringes of the first team and yet to secure exits. 