Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt were back on Saturday to give BBC Breakfast viewers the latest breaking news headlines. Holly Hamilton was also in the studio to share the latest sports news, while meteorologist Chris Fawkes presented the weekend's weather report. At the beginning of the show, Naga and Charlie spoke with Holly about sporting puns as they chatted about cricket. Throughout the programme, the hosts also tried to come up with their own unique puns. However, during one segment, both Holly and Naga mocked Charlie's joke. "Now my efforts so far with the play on words of the cricket have been met with some derision, I would say," Charlie began. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected "It was mildly impressive for 6am," Holly replied. He continued: "I've been working on this one. Folks and Stokes get great results." Mocking his pun, Holly continued: "Have we got a tumbleweed?" Moving the segment on, a red-faced Charlie added: "Move on, Chris, have you got the weather?"  "Save him," Naga chipped in. "Just save him!" Sharing his own pun, Chris weighed in: "Yeah, do you know, the one thing I was going to talk about is pictures sometimes evoking sounds. "Look at this beautiful weather watch picture. Is it just me, or are you getting the honking of these geese as they're flapping over?" "It's welcomed," Naga replied before mocking Charlie: "The Tumbleweed was just shocking. So the honking of geese we will take." DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [VIDEO]Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' exit twist for Kerry Wyatt [REACTION]  Elsewhere in the programme, Charlie and Naga spoke with Scottish National Party MP Ian Blackford about the cost of living crisis. However, things got rather heated when Naga quizzed the MP over what Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was doing about the crisis. It comes after Scotland declared the cost of living crisis an emergency. However, fans weren't happy with Naga's interview technique, with many accusing the host of talking over the MP. Barnaby Moore raged: "Naga Munchetty at it again [BBCBreakfast] - speaking over her interviewer, Ian Blackford, SNP Leader, and asking fresh questions before he’s able to answer the previous ones.” Viewer Craig went on to brand the host "rude and "hostile". While @fordy2k9 added: “[BBCBreakfast] why every time an SNP minister is on this programme (NAGA) constantly interrupts and puts down these people!" BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.