Having an excessive amount of visceral fat in the body can result in a range of conditions including type 2 diabetes, heart disease and some cancers. As with subcutaneous fat there are several factors that can impact the amount of visceral fat that you have including genetics and lifestyle. And what we consume on a daily basis of course plays a part. One expert has suggested three of the best drinks that can “fight” belly fat. Registered dietician and fitness expert at JustCBD, Nataly Komova, recommended drinking water, green tea and apple cider vinegar regularly and shared her reasoning with Express.co.uk. Staying hydrated is a great way to lose or manage your weight. We all know water has no calories; hence can help keep your visceral fat in check. READ MORE: Cancer: Sunburns on one body part ‘closely associated’ with the ‘deadliest’ skin cancer  Green tea is among the healthiest beverages on earth. This tea is high in polyphenols, powerful compounds that boost metabolism. In other words, green tea is a better weapon for people trying to fight stubborn belly fat.   Sugar cravings arise due to a spike in blood sugar. Drinking apple cider vinegar helps in blood sugar regulation, curbing your craving feelings. The drink helps burn visceral fats controlling fat and calorie levels. Antifungal compounds in apple cider vinegar aid in balancing candida. READ MORE: STI symptoms: The 2 STIs causing lumps on the skin - can lead to complications  It stabilises three gut bacteria and prevents candida growth, other factors that trigger and intensify sugar desires. Drinking raw or organic apple cider vinegar can quickly and effectively lower sweet tooth experiences. It is widely recommended to mix roughly one tablespoon apple cider vinegar with a glass of water before drinking - rather than drinking on its own as this can damage your teeth. Ms Komova also advised using artificial sweeteners in hot drinks in moderation.  “Sure, artificial sweeteners are a better alternative to sugar,” she said. “However, taking lots of beverages with artificial sweeteners can encourageaccumulation of visceral fat.” Although the only way to know exactly how much visceral fat you have is with a scan, the circumference of your waist can give you a rough idea of whether you have too much. If it is 35 inches or above for a woman, or 40 inches or more for a man, you could have too much. 