As Russia's invasion of Ukraine nears six months, Moscow's economy remains heavily restricted due to global sanctions. Western leaders sought to isolate Russia after Vladimir Putin sent his forces into Ukraine on February 24. They removed Russian banks from SWIFT – a service which facilitates the movement of money around the world, and personally sanctioned oligarchs and figures in the Kremlin. However, economists are still pondering whether Western sanctions on Russia have achieved what they were intended to do. Speaking to the State of Ukraine podcast, Russian political scientist Ilya Matveev explained why Western sanctions are working and how this could impact Moscow's finances long term. He said: "The Russian economy has not collapsed, this is certain. But I wouldn't say it is doing ok, in fact the sanctions are devastating and the long-term economic prospects are very poor." Some have pointed to the rouble's surprisingly strong performance in recent months to suggest Russia is weathering the sanctions. In June, the rouble hit its strongest level in seven years, but Mr Matveev explains why this is misleading: "The strong rouble is a bad indicator of Russian economic performance because it only reflects the fact that imports have fallen so sharply, that importers simply don't need as much foreign currency. "The strong rouble only reflects that there is no use for foreign currencies in Russia right now, which is very bad for the economy." While some debate whether the sanctions will be able to hurt the wealthiest, most influential figures in Russia, it is clear that ordinary people in the country have been impacted. Many businesses have withdrawn themselves from Russia following the invasion, and reports have also shown supermarkets with empty shelves at various points in the last six months. Mr Matveev continued: "Their life has changed, there is rampant inflation. The yearly inflation in Russia is looking like 20-25 percent. "There are shortages of essential goods, other goods are very expensive. There is increasing unemployment from the closures of factories belonging to Western countries and businesses. "All of these effects are going to get worse in the coming months." Some economists, such as Liam Peach, senior emerging markets economist at Capital Economics, acknowledge that the Russian economy has shown resilience in some respects. READ MORE: More misery for Putin as Russia base in Crimea obliterated He told CNBC this week: “There have been signs of stabilisation in many sectors over the past month or two but we don’t expect the downturn to bottom out until Q2 (second quarter) 2023 and think the economy will stagnate at best thereafter." But, Mr Peach also agreed that the long term outlook for Russia's economy is more bleak. He added: “The downturn could have been much deeper but the central bank took immediate measures to prevent a financial crisis from taking hold. It also seems that the resilience of Russia’s energy sector cushioned the impact of Western sanctions." In the second quarter of 2022, the Russian economy contracted by four percent when compared to the same period in 2021. The preliminary data came from Rosstat, the governmental statistics agency in Russia. DON'T MISSTehran ‘emboldened’ by Russia's war in Ukraine — learning from Putin [INSIGHT]Putin left red-faced over ‘terrible’ Ukraine battlefield plan [ANALYSIS]Putin chilling warning as he offers weapons to allies [INSIGHT] Reuters also reported last week that the Russian economy is "plunging into recession." President Putin remains bullish despite the economic forecasts for his country – on Monday, he said Russia is ready to sell advanced weapons to other countries around the world. He boasted that Russian weapons are superior to any other nation's arms. Putin added: “We are talking about high-precision weapons and robotics, about combat systems based on new physical principles. "Many of them are years, or maybe decades ahead of their foreign counterparts, and in terms of tactical and technical characteristics they are significantly superior to them.”