Body language expert Judi James has assessed the body language of the royal couple while on family holidays or on royal tours. According to Ms James, even the way in which the royal couple sun bathes proves a lot about their personalities. Judi analysed photographs of various trips that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge took from their tour of the Caribbean to a royal engagement in Australia. According to the body language expert there are “six different sunbathing types” and her analysis shows that the royal couple are opposites when it comes to their tanning habits. The expert looked at the Cambridge family unit as a whole to make assessments of the Duchess. According to Judi, as Kate has three young children “she may get less time for her natural relaxed state than she would like.” Therefore, Judi says: “She may find it hard to lie out and switch off for more than a few minutes before feeling impelled to sit up and check everything is ok. “This would be based on wariness rather than boredom.” Speaking of Prince William, she noted how the pair are opposites when it comes to their relaxing styles. Judi said: “William’s overall body poses, with his weight on one leg and his hands on his hips suggest a capacity for switching off when possible.” She continued: “As well as the kind of confidence that would lead to several self-rewarding behaviours, if and when he finally did have time to hit the beach.” READ MORE: POLL: Should the Government renationalise the energy companies? Judi added what she would assume the royal couple’s sunbathing types are with William reportedly being the ‘Chill and Refill’ while Kate is either the ‘Sleeping Beauty’ or the ‘Fidgeter’. Judi said: “I’d see William as a ‘Chill and Refill’ sunbather, as someone able to stretch out and relax with a cocktail in one hand and a good book in the other. “Kate, she may vary between the ‘Sleeping Beauty’ and the ‘Fidgeter’. “She will most likely try and lie back on a sun lounger and use this time to switch off and recharge, like the ‘Sleeping Beauty’, however, she might find this hard to do.” As a royal couple, their body language speaks of their shared approach to relaxing and down time. DON'T MISS: Biden reconsidering tariffs on China (INSIGHT)USA would suffer ‘high loses’ in war with China (REVEAL)China FURY as Liz Truss summons Chinese Ambassador Zheng Zeguang (REACTION) Judi noted that the couple’s language shows how much they treasure time together while on holiday. The expert said: “Free time that is not spent with the children on a family holiday would probably be at a premium for William, so I would see him making the most of it when it does come around.” William’s behaviour while working and in the public eye is allegedly starkly different from behind closed doors when he embraces the role of father and husband. Judi says: “His body language rituals at more formal royal events can suggest some ongoing levels of social shyness and a hint of anxiety, but when he is in the role of Dad or husband, he seems able to switch off and have fun.”