But she feels very lucky to have been given the chance because she and her showbiz friends, who include Lisa Faulkner, Tracy-Ann Oberman, Amanda Holden, Sarah Parish, Nicola Stephenson and Tamzin Outhwaite, have seen their chances of landing major TV parts become less and less. She said: “I have this really talented bunch of friends who have spent their whole lives going from job to job to job, leading series after series after series." “It isn’t happening now as much - or at all. Nowadays, my friends are doing lovely little jobs. Tamzin did Ridley Road with Tracy-Ann, Sarah did Stay Close, but they’re not the lead roles anymore. And they are amazing actors. I mean, amazing actors." “There are some cracking roles out there, but where there were 50 roles before now there are ten. It’s a lot more competitive, a lot more competitive.” Angela is worried that just as she is finding major success on TV in shows such as White Lies and Crime and Netflix horror movie Choose or Die she is going to be put on the shelf as an older woman of colour. Speaking in Psychologies magazine, she said: “I’m a little bit younger than some of my friends, but I’m also black. They’ve all achieved lead roles much earlier on in their careers. And I’m just achieving it now. I feel like I’m on my way out, just as changes are gradually coming in.” When Angela – who shot to fame as Fiona Middleton on Coronation Street when she was just 16– does find herself on the shelf as an actress then she takes up something else to fill her time and give her a new skill, whether that’s studying for an Open University degree or taking up tennis. She said: “I’ve always wanted to do psychology, so I started a degree. I’m still studying today." “I’ve got a growing obsession with tennis. I just find something that can take up a lot of time. Something that can become my new job. I cannot sit and do nothing. I cannot sit and watch box sets all day.” Angela has praised the production team on Waterloo Road because they are doing so much behind the scenes to promote diversity and gender equality. She said: “One of the things that attracted me back towards Waterloo Road was the stuff going on behind the scenes, as well as my love for the show. The production company is trying to create an environment that is the gold standard of TV in terms of inclusion, diversity and regionality. They have a training scheme so that every single department has a trainee from the North, and from a background where the parents aren’t a director of photography or an actor. With the writing and directing there is a 50/50 gender split, and a very concerted effort to make directors of people from different backgrounds or different genders. It’s about making it normal and natural, and not like a big deal. “I came from a background where this isn’t how my life was supposed to be. This wasn’t how it was supposed to end up. I feel so passionate about finding people like me who have this hunger and a talent, and who just need a way in, an opportunity. It’s not a dark art, it’s not black magic, you just need to be good. It’s not fair that there are these gatekeepers.”