Tennis fans around the world were left stunned by footage of teenage star Sara Bejlek celebrating with her coaches after her qualifying win at the US Open. Video showed Bejlek getting rather close with a pair of men identified as her father and coach as she celebrated her monumental win over Heather Watson. The Czech teenager is set to make her Grand Slam debut at the Flushing Meadows tournament after she successfully navigated the qualifying rounds in New York. She secured her spot in the main draw of the US Open by fighting back to win 3-6 6-4 7-5 against Brit Watson. However, her success has been somewhat overshadowed by her team’s celebrations that followed her stunning comeback win in three sets. In a video that circulated social media, Bejlek shakes hands with Watson and the chair umpire before walking towards her team. The first man - who has been identified as her father - appears to kiss her on the mouth and pats her on the backside. She then walks towards another man, her coach, who also pats her bum. READ MORE: Serena Williams begins US Open swansong with win over Danka Kovinic Fans took to Twitter to vent their frustration at the clip. Jennifer Bishop (@jbishop_tennis) wrote: “This. Is. Not. Ok.” Drive Cruzado (@DriveCruzado) added: “SHAMEFUL!!! Sara Bejlek is only 16 years old. The situation is really unfortunate.” However, not all those reacting on social media condemned the act. Some users pointed out that the incident only looks unsettling to those with a Western perspective due to cultural differences. DON'T MISS Murray outlines reasons for US Open success after tough conditionsDart overcomes courtside self-deprecating rant to seal big US Open winMurray beats Cerundolo after freak point incident to start US Open win Unfortunately, Bejlek’s Grand Slam debut on Tuesday morning ended in defeat as she met in-form Russian star Ludmilla Samanova, who secured her 11th successive win by triumphing 6-3 6-1. The US Open runs until the men’s singles final on 11 September.