Newcastle United could be forced to wait in order to bring Benfica forward Goncalo Ramos to St James' Park before next month's all-important transfer deadline, according to reports. The Magpies are said to be keen on landing Ramos after identifying him as a priority target earlier this summer, with Eddie Howe still looking to add some much-needed additional firepower to his squad over the coming weeks. Paris Saint-Germain have also been credited with an interest in Ramos, who has already scored four goals in as many appearances for Benfica since the start of the new campaign, but Newcastle are still hoping to pip the French giants to the 21-year-old's signature. However, they will be forced to shelve their transfer plans until the end of this month in order to stand the best chance of striking a deal with Benfica, according to Portuguese newspaper O Jogo.It is said that Benfica are unwilling to entertain Newcastle's advances for Ramos until after the Champions League play-offs, which are set to be wrapped up next week. The Portuguese giants will face Dynamo Kyiv away from home in their first-leg encounter on Wednesday before the return fixture is played on August 23, after which point Ramos could be on the move if Newcastle wait until then to step up their pursuit of his signature.The Magpies have also learned that Benfica are looking for a transfer fee of around £34million in order to let go of Ramos before the summer window slams shut. They have already turned down an offer in the region of £26m from Nottingham Forest and will only sell their star forward, who remains tied down until the summer of 2026, if the price is right. JUST IN: Chelsea make 'fresh' Gordon bid as chat with Lampard comes to light It remains to be seen whether Newcastle will be able to improve their options in attack with the addition of Ramos, who managed to chip in with eight goals and four assists for Benfica over the course of last season. However, the Tyneside outfit have already been warned against the potential move by former Premier League goalkeeper Paddy Kenny, who believes that Eddie Howe would be taking a major risk by trusting Ramos with the club's attacking burden at this stage of his career."It’s all about potential with Newcastle," Kenny told Football Insider when quizzed on Newcastle's pursuit of Ramos. "They had a great start and we know they are gradually going to improve this squad over the next couple of windows. "Yet again, it’s someone with potential. Until you stick him in the Premier League we don’t know, do we? It’s that guessing game."If he can come in and learn from Callum Wilson, that is a good thing. I like the way Newcastle are going. I’m excited to see how they do this season and who else comes in."Newcastle have already signed a number of exciting players over the course of this summer, with the likes of Sven Botman, Matt Target and Nick Pope all having joined since the end of last season. A successful move for Ramos would cap off what has ultimately been a fruitful window for the Magpies, who will be aiming to challenge for a top-half finish in the Premier League with the help of their new recruits over the coming weeks and months. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here