The 12-year-old was left in a comatose state after being found unconscious with a ligature over his head on April 7. Since this time, he has not regained consciousness. Doctors at the Royal London hospital in east London have concluded that the young boy is “brain-stem dead”. They said it was not in his best interests for life-support treatment to be continued. A judge backed these doctors in June and said they could lawfully stop treating him. But Archie’s parents have challenged the move and are fighting to keep his ventilator – which helps move air in and out of his lungs – turned on, and for treatment to be continued. Today’s hearing, which will reportedly be held virtually, will take place at 11am. The High Court will consider a request from the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons With Disabilities to keep Archie alive so its case can be heard. A legal stay on the termination of treatment at the London hospital has been extended to 1pm today, according to the Guardian. Hollie Dance, Archie’s mother, has called on the Health Secretary to “act immediately” to stop the treatment ending. READ MORE: Russia loses thousands of vehicles as Achilles heel exposed She said it would be a “flagrant breach” of his rights were this to come to an end. Ms Dance, quoted in the Telegraph, said: “We are relieved that the government has taken the UN’s intervention seriously. “This was not a ‘request’ but an interim measures injunction from the UN. DON'T MISS: Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [OPINION] Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS] Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] "The anxiety of being told that Archie’s life-support will be removed [Monday] at 2pm has been horrific. “We are already broken and the not-knowing what was going to happen next is excruciating." Archie’s mother was refusing to leave his bedside on Sunday after doctors said his treatment would be stopped, reports said. Alistair Chesser, Chief Medical Officer for Barts Health NHS Trust, said: "Our deepest sympathies are with Archie's family at this difficult time. “We understand a Court hearing will take place on Monday morning and we await the outcome. “The plan to withdraw treatment will proceed unless the court directs otherwise." The Government added that it “asked the High Court to urgently consider the request from the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities”.