It has been a source of widespread irritation to players, managers and fans since it was introduced two seasons ago. However assistant referees have been instructed to act more decisively in a bid to reduce the number of instances of play being allowed to continue only for what looked an obvious a flag to go up seconds later. The new directive will see the assistants only delay in cases when there is both a clear goalscoring opportunity and the call is a tight one. If a chance of a goal is not obvious - say play is headed out to the wings - or the assistant feels sure of the offside call they will flag immediately this season. The delayed flag was brought in originally to ensure a side was not robbed of a goal-scoring chance by an offside call which could have later been spotted as incorrect by VAR but the lack of commonsense in its application has been maddening for many. Liverpool full-back Andy Robertson spoke for many when he criticised the delay as “really frustrating.”  “Sometimes the momentum of the game can change because they get belief that they’ve just had a shot on goal and we think he’s three yards offside so why hasn’t it stopped,” said Robertson. “When it’s clear and obvious by three-four yards – what is the point in playing on?” Concerns have also been raised over injuries sustained in what turns out to have been a pointless period of play. Wolves goalkeeper Rui Patricio was taken off on a stretcher after a collision with club captain Conor Coady against Liverpool in the 1-0 defeat in March 2021.  The collision happened as Mo Salah scored what he thought was Liverpool’s second goal but the assistant referee then raised his flag for offside once the passage of play was completed. This season will also see referees encouraged to take a tougher line on penalty area wrestling matches. VAR will get involved more often this season in incidents where players are being clearly prevented from having the chance to play the ball in dead-ball situations. There will also be greater scrutiny on time-wasting with particular focus on goal kicks and substitutions. The Premier League want to see a rise in last season’s average ball-in-play time of 55.07 minutes and to help facilitate this will also use a multi-ball system at each match. Ten balls will be available - one on the pitch, one with the fourth official and eight more will be stationed around the pitch on cones so play can be restarted more quickly.