Australian royal writer Daniela Elser questioned what the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have “actually achieved” since they moved to the US after their bombshell decision to quit the Firm. Ms Elser said Meghan and Harry’s work in the US “on paper it sounds like it’s been a whirligig of achievement” but it was “hardly the sort of work that will ever see them make the longlist for the Nobel Peace Prize”.  Meghan and Harry created non-profit foundation Archewell after Sussex Royal, the couple's now-defunct charity set up in the UK in July 2019. Archewell is composed of three branches - the foundation, which is Meghan and Harry's non-profit platform, Archewell Audio and Archewell Productions - set to release audio and video content produced exclusively for Spotify and Netflix. The Sussexes signed multi-year contracts with Spotify and Netflix in 2020 - which are reported to be worth several million each. Writing for news.com.au, Ms Elser said: “On paper it sounds like it’s been a whirligig of achievement and just the sort of industrious self-starting that America was founded on. Except … what have they actually achieved? “Yes, they have made a series of donations to causes ranging from World Food Kitchen to helping fix a women’s shelter’s roof after a storm which reflects their generosity and hunger to help others. Kudos. “But writing a cheque here and there is hardly the sort of work that will ever see them make the longlist for the Nobel Peace Prize.”  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry’s ‘magic dust’ has dampened Meghan and Harry have also signed deals with coaching company BetterUp and fintech asset manager, Ethic. Archewell also works on other projects including with the Aspen Institute, Centre for Humane Technology, Global Citizen and UCLA. It comes after the Sussexes confirmed they will visit the UK next month for the first time since returning for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan's White House dreams in TATTERS [BLOG]Meghan and Harry’s ‘cashed up future’ with Netflix 'less certain' [INSIGHT]Queen faces fresh health concerns as Sussexes set for UK return [INFO] Their spokesman said Harry and Meghan will also travel to Germany as part of their trip to support "several charities close to their hearts”. The couple will head to Manchester for the One Young World Summit, an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries, on September 5. Meghan, a counsellor for the organisation, will give the keynote address at the opening ceremony. They will also meet a group of summit delegates doing "outstanding work on gender equality", One Young World said. Their visit to the UK will be the first time they have been back in the country since the Jubilee celebrations in early June, when they attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. It falls in the same week the new prime minister is due to be announced and asked to form a Government by the Queen. Harry's 96-year-old grandmother is expected to return to London from her annual summer break at Balmoral to carry out her head of state duties, and it is likely the duke will want to visit her.  A spokesman for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." Security will be at the forefront of Harry's mind as he travels from his home in California for the high profile appearances. The duke, who quit as a senior working royal in 2020, is bringing legal action over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for himself and his family when in the UK.