When deciding on her outfits, Kate Middleton time and again turns to classic pink. Over the last year, Kate has worn some stunning pink outfits both at home and abroad that stuck out in people's memories for their impact. In June, the Duchess of Cambridge opted for a baby pink Alexander McQueen suit for a roundtable with ministers and sector experts for her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. For the final Platinum Jubilee balcony appearance in June, Kate oozed regality in a Stella McCartney dress with long sleeves in a deep raspberry hue. Back in May, the Duchess wore a bold coral coat dress by Emilia Wickstead with a matching fascinator for a garden party at Buckingham Palace. During her royal visit to the Caribbean earlier this year, Kate turned to several pink outfits in her tour wardrobe to make a statement.  READ MORE: Why Princess Charlotte is 'obsessed' with Kate Middleton's style The Duchess of Cambridge memorably wowed in a sequinned magenta number by the Vampire's Wife for an evening reception. And in the Bahamas, she opted for a baby pink Rixo shirt dress with a clutch bag in a similar shade. According to a style expert, Kate has managed to incorporate pink into her wardrobe while still looking "classic, sophisticated and stylish." Personal stylist Fiona Davis said: "Whether she is stunning in a pink sequin dress by ‘The Vampire's Wife’ or going for a softer candy floss hue in ‘Alexander McQueen,’ pink is often a go-to colour for the Duchess of Cambridge.   "Due to her cool skin tone, the beautiful royal really glows in the pinks with bluish undertones, such as fuchsia, magenta, clover, and pastel, and she never fails to wow in the shade she chooses. "Pink often has a reputation of being a non-serious, overly girlie hue. "However, it’s clear when we look at the Duchess of Cambridge’s royal wardrobe it’s a colour that can be classic, sophisticated and stylish."  DON'T MISS:Kate and William's US visit sparks frenzy 'Beatle Mania 2.0!' [INSIGHT]Royal Family's best vegan and vegetarian recipes [EXPLAINER]Kate and William's move to Adelaide Cottage branded 'disgraceful' [ANALYSIS] The expert explained that dressing in certain colours can convey meanings, and pink has several interpretations. "According to colour psychology pink represents, love, femininity, optimism, calmness and has a soothing effect on the wearer and those around them, making it the perfect colour choice for all wardrobes this season," she added. Kate's love of pink also extends to her footwear, as she'll often wear a pair of her signature pumps in a shade of pink to match her outfits. And for jewellery, Kate has previously been spotted wearing a pair of dangly pink earrings by Missoma, and another morganite pair by Kiki McDonough. 