Snacking can be a curse for many people trying to lose weight, as it can lead to overeating and therefore adding excess calories to their daily tally. And too much snacking can impact hunger at meal times, causing people to skip meals entirely. This can lead to a risk of losing out on important nutrients. But Joe Wicks, also known to millions as The Body Coach, revealed his go-to snacks for when he's feeling a little peckish out and about. He told Express.co.uk: "I don't snack loads but if I do it's fruit, like apples and bananas. "Sometimes I'll make homemade granola bars." READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake A large apple contains around 116 calories and 5.4g of fibre, making them very filling and multiple studies indicate that they may support weight loss. Likewise, bananas are full of nutrients and fibre, which make them an ideal part of a healthy weight loss plan. The YouTube sensation is a role model in every way, as he revealed it's best to stick to a three meal a day plan rather than spend the day snacking on little bits. "I tend to think about three meals a day," he said. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Fruit contains many nutrients including fibre, unsaturated fats, vegetable protein, tonnes of vitamins and minerals that have many health benefits and can prevent people from reaching for more unhealthy sugary snacks. Fruit is also generally low in calories, so having an apple here and there can still help people on their weight loss journey. According to Healthline, eating fruit is linked to a lower body weight and a lower risk of diabetes, high blood pressure, cancer, and heart disease. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Experts have recommended some of the best fruits to consume if a person is looking to shed weight are: Apples Berries Stone fruits such as peaches, nectarines, and plums Melon Kiwi Oranges Bananas Joe recently embarked on the first leg of his new tour, PE With Joe, where more than 800 people turned up to the event. The personal trainer is travelling to seven iconic venues across the UK in seven days. One hundred percent of the proceeds will go to BBC Children In Need.