Arsenal had their own Fernando Torres moment when they sold Alexis Sanchez to rivals Manchester United back in 2018. The Chilean is one of the finest players to have worn the Gunners shirt, but the eye-opening call has since been proven correct by a stagnating career which has recently taken him to France on a free transfer. £50million was a serious amount of money when Chelsea splashed out to sign Torres from Liverpool in 2011. The Spaniard was a cult hero at Anfield after bagging 24 goals in his debut Premier League season, and the Blues were evidently keen for a slice of the action. Liverpool sanctioned his exit midway through a campaign that saw him struggle to find the net, at least relatively speaking. And while it was a bitter pill to swallow seeing Torres sign for rivals Chelsea, his nightmare spell at Stamford Bridge, which never saw him get into double figures in the league, was proof that they made the right call to cut ties when they did. Arsenal have had a similar experience with Sanchez in recent years. The winger was a marvel in north London, scoring 80 goals in 166 matches and putting the rest of the team on his back on numerous occasions. JUST IN: Everton in talks to sign Serouh Guirassy with second striker target also identified But with one year left on his deal and no indication that he would sign a new one, the Gunners bit the bullet and let him go to Man Utd in 2018. The proof that Arsene Wenger made the right call was virtually instant as Sanchez looked a shadow of his former self at Old Trafford, netting two league goals in his debut campaign and just once the following season. There has been yet more vindication for the Gunners in recent years as three seasons at Inter Milan came and went without the 33-year-old rediscovering the kind of form that routinely lit up the Emirates. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag In fact, Inter boss Simone Inzaghi reportedly made it clear to Sanchez that he would not feature in his plans this term and all parties agreed that it would be best to terminate his contract. Marseille promptly struck an agreement to recruit the Chile international on a free transfer as he makes his first foray into French football. Marseille finished second in Ligue 1 last campaign but manager Jorge Sampaoli has since made way for Igor Tudor in the dugout. Sanchez will have to compete with a host of talented attackers and wide players to make his mark in France, or else Arsenal will have yet more proof that their 'Torres moment' was superbly judged. Shortly after leaving the Gunners in what many perceived to be a major coup for United, then boss Jose Mourinho said: "Alexis is one of the best attacking players in the world and he will complete our very young and talented group of attacking players. "He will bring his ambition, drive and personality, qualities that make a Manchester United player and a player that makes the team stronger and the supporters proud of their club dimension and prestige."