Chelsea have been given fresh hope of hijacking Manchester United’s pursuit of Frenkie de Jong after being told “anything can happen” by Barcelona head coach Xavi Hernandez. The Blues have been strongly linked with the midfielder, who United are struggling to prise away from the La Liga club. De Jong could leave Barca this summer to help the cash-strapped Spanish giants balance their finances. The 25-year-old does not seem keen on a switch to Old Trafford, though, and might have become even more hesitant after watching Erik ten Hag’s side flounder to a 2-1 defeat by Brighton in their opening Premier League game. Several reports from both English and Spanish press have claimed that De Jong is far likelier to prefer a move to Chelsea. The West Londoners’ participation in the Champions League this season could be a deciding factor. Barca boss Xavi has boosted Chelsea’s hopes of signing the Dutchman before the end of the transfer window, insisting ‘anything can happen’. The former Spain midfielder said after Los Blaugrana beat Pumas 6-0 in pre-season: “I don’t know what will happen to Frenkie de Jong. Until August 31st anything can happen, but he knows what I think and what the club want and need. Of course I’m counting on him, he’s a great player.” Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase attacking duo, Chelsea exit Chelsea defeated Everton 1-0 in their opening game of the Premier League season. De Jong might view the Blues as a club improving after a rocky pre-season under Thomas Tuchel. But United’s chances of acquiring world-class stars in a desperate bid to improve Ten Hag’s squad took a major blow on Sunday. The Red Devils were comfortably beaten by Brighton and looked under-prepared for the 2022-23 campaign. Ten Hag admitted a very tough job awaits as he seeks to rebuild the fallen giant. The Dutchman said after the game: “It is a hell of a job – we have to work really hard, analyse and then move forward. DON'T MISS...Chelsea could offer Leicester four players in Wesley Fofana swap dealDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Man Utd and Chelsea push for transferChelsea already have 3 perfect players for Barcelona star De Jong “Today was a good start and then after that we dropped down a level in belief and we made mistakes that the opponent punished. But it was a good opponent, we [tried to] work well together but when you make mistakes you get punished for that. “I knew it could happen (a lack of belief) but I think we should have done better – that is clear. But I know also it [improvement] will not come overnight. At times we played better in pre-season. Today we had a really bad period in the first half and we have to learn from that.” De Jong scored the final goal in Barca’s 6-0 win over Pumas but could still depart Camp Nou before the end of the transfer window. As it stands, Chelsea appear to be in the driving seat for his signature.