Footage shows pro-Kremlin political philosopher cradling his head in his hands at the scene of the car bomb explosion that killed his daughter near the village of Bolshie Vyazemy, outside Moscow. The close ally of Vladimir Putin is believed to have narrowly escaped death after switching cars at the last minute on the way back from a Russian far-right "Tradition family festival" at which he was a guest speaker. Dugin's 35-year-old daughter Darya Dugina was a prominent Russian TV pundit and Putin apologist in her own right. The 60-year-old was arrived at the got to the scene of the explosion only few minutes after the blast which killed Darya. Shocking footage has captured the moment the grieving father witnesses the aftermath of the explosion with the car Darya was travelling in reduced to a fireball. Despite no direct evidence linking Ukrainian agents to the attack, Putin supporters are demanding the Russian leader take swift revenge of Kyiv.  Russia's TASS state news agency quoted Andrei Krasnov, someone who knew Dugina, as saying the vehicle belonged to her father and that he was probably the intended target. Father and daughter had been attending a festival outside Moscow and Dugin had decided to switch cars at the last minute, Russian government newspaper Rossiiskaya Gazeta reported. TV footage accompanying a statement by Moscow region investigators showed officers collecting debris and fragments from the spot where the explosion happened. The statement, which described Darya Dugina as a journalist and political expert, said investigators had opened a murder case and would be carrying out forensic examinations. Investigators were considering "all versions" when it came to working out who was responsible, it said. The head of Russia's Investigative Committee ordered the institution's central branch to take over the investigation. "An explosive device was placed on the underside of the car on the driver's side," the committee said in a statement. "Darya Dugina, who was behind the wheel, died at the scene. "The investigation believes that the crime was planned in advance and was of a contractual nature," it added. DON'T MISS: Putin 'struggling to sell war' after mounting sabotage attacks [VIDEO]'Union militants are putting the jobs of rail workers at risk' [COMMENT]Nuclear fears soar as Putin pounds city near power plant [LIVE]  Maria Zakharova, Russia's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, said that if the investigation's trail led to Ukraine, then it would point to a policy of "state terrorism" being pursued by Kyiv. Ukraine denied involvement. "I confirm that Ukraine, of course, had nothing to do with this because we are not a criminal state, like the Russian Federation, and moreover we are not a terrorist state," said Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak, speaking on Ukrainian television. He appeared to blame internal power struggles between "various political factions" in Russia for the killing, and suggested the incident was the "Karmic" payback for supporters of Russia's actions in Ukraine like Dugina and her father. 