Briggs was born in Wimbledon in 1934. He studied at Wimbledon School of Art and the Slade School of Fine Art before briefly pursuing painting. After becoming a professional illustrator, he also taught at Brighton College of Art. Briggs also won numerous prizes across his career, including the Kurt Maschler Award, the Children's Book of the Year and the Dutch Silver Pen Award.  His family made a statement on Briggs's life: “We know that Raymond's books were loved by and touched millions of people around the world, who will be sad to hear this news.” "Drawings from fans - especially children's drawings - inspired by his books were treasured by Raymond and pinned up on the wall of his studio.” Briggs published The Snowman in 1978 and has since sold 5.5 million copies. The Snowman was later adapted in 1982 as a short cartoon film. Singer Aled Jones paid tribute and then played the classic track in memory of the author on his Classic FM radio show on Wednesday. Aled Jones leapt into fame as a teenage choirboy after covering Walking In The Air, the song written by Howard Blake for the 1982 animated version of The Snowman.  Raymond’s family further added: "He lived a rich and full life and said he felt lucky to have had both his wife Jean [who died in 1973] and his partner of over 40 years Liz [who died in 2015] in his life.” "He shared his love of nature with Liz on South Downs walks and on family holidays to Scotland and Wales. He also shared his sense of fun and craziness with his family, and with his family of artist friends - at get-togethers, fancy dress parties and summer picnics. "He played practical jokes and enjoyed them being played on him.All of us close to him knew his irreverent humour - this could be biting in his work when it came to those in power. "He liked being called in a newspaper an 'iconoclastic national treasure'."   Friends, family and other authors react and share their thoughts on Briggs. Former children's laureate Michael Rosen tweeted: "Raymond Briggs RIP. You are fantastic" Another ex-laureate, Cressida Cowell, added: "His books brought so much joy and inspired so many, touching hilarious and heartbreaking work. RIP." Author Lara Maiklem, who was a "huge fan" since childhood, said she had "the great fortune of working with him a few years ago. Grumpy and difficult, he was nonetheless a genius."