In 2021, it was revealed Prince Harry, 37, was set to release an "intimate and heartfelt" memoir. The public remain unsure of an official release date, as well as details of what the memoir will include, and the Royal Family, including Prince Charles and Prince William, reportedly also haven't received any specific information about the highly-anticipated book. Speaking on Talk TV, royal biographer Angela Levin deems the Duke of Sussex as "unkind" for leaving his family in the dark. Ms Levin told Talk TV that Harry is keeping the pending release "very close to his chest". She added: "He hasn't told his family anything at all. "This includes the Queen, who he says he adores and he respects and she's so wonderful. "They don't know either when it's actually coming out." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William 'treading on Harry's toes' as tensions reach 'boiling point' The royal biographer, who penned the 2018 book 'Harry: Conversations with the Prince', continued: "I think it's just very unkind to keep your family like that, you know, hovering. "They don't know what to do and how to prepare themselves. "They don't know when it might happpen." In July 2021, Penguin Random House, the official publisher of Harry's upcoming memoir, stated they were "honoured" to publish the "forthcoming memoir by Prince Harry". READ MORE: 'Let her rest in peace' Jennie Bond slams Diana conspiracy theory 'Princes don't believe' Prince Harry, himself, noted that he was "deeply grateful" of the opportunity to release the memoir. He added: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. He also added that he was "excited" for everyone to read the "firsthand account" of his life. DON'T MISS Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] The publishers described Harry as "one of the most fascinating and influential global figures of our time". They added that the book was set to cover "his lifetime in the public eye". This would include his childhood, his time in the military and his present life as a father-of-two and a husband. READ NEXT: