The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are set to move into Adelaide Cottage ahead of the new school term. The four-bed cottage is located close to Windsor castle where the Queen is currently residing full time. And some have suggested that the move is an attempt to be closer to the Queen amid the Sussexes return and anticipated release of Prince Harry's memoir.  Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk it "makes sense" for the "future King and Queen Consort" to be near to the Queen and great-grandmother to their children Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. He added: "The 96-year old monarch is the personification of devotion to duty and it is her style William has said he will follow when he ascends the throne. "She will also be able to see a good deal of her great-grandchildren once they are close. "It is also wise for the Cambridges to serve as a counter to the influence of the Yorks, who also live on the Windsor estate and who are persona non grata with the public."  Mr Fitzwilliams also pointed out that Adelaide Cottage is located close to Frogmore Cottage where Prince Harry and Meghan Markle reside when in the UK. But the expert said it "remains to be seen" how much the brothers will see of eachother now they are in closer proximity. Prince Harry and Meghan are returning to the UK in a few weeks time as the pair visit a number of charity events. It is thought the royal couple will attempt to meet with the Queen during their stay, but it is unclear as to whether Harry and William will reunite.  READ MORE: 'Meghan will be furious' as Harry’s memoir plan wre Meghan's first episode of her Spotify podcast Archetypes may have added to the rift amongst the Royal Family as she complained about having to continue her "public engagements" following a fire in Archie's nursery during their 2019 South Africa royal tour. And with the highly anticipated release of Harry's memoir later this year, tensions are still high amongst the family. But Kate and William's move places them in closer proximity to other members of the Royal Family, with the Wessexes residing at Bagshot Park "a short drive away". Mr Fitzwilliams said Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward "carry out royal duties impeccably".  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle's podcast savaged as expert claims popularity won't last [COMMENT]Meghan warned Mariah Carey won't let her talk about herself so much [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry called emergency Netflix meeting [LIVE] Podcast host Kinsey Schofield said the move to Windsor will allow William to "enjoy his family before his father's ascension to the throne". She added: "As the Queen reluctantly steps back from royal engagements, Prince William’s work increases, and he wants to know that his family is settled. "Their children are getting older, their responsibilities are increasing, and they want to adjust their lifestyle to prepare for those changes." Fans are eagerly awaiting the second episode in Meghan's 12-episode series following her first which featured tennis player and friend Serena Williams. No details are known of Harry's memoir, but he promised it would be "a first-hand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful”. 