Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has told Cody Gakpo that funds for his signing are limited, according to reports. The PSV Eindhoven star has emerged as a transfer target for the Red Devils as they seek more firepower. However, any deal isn’t straightforward for the club to strike. Manchester United have endured a horrendous start to the new Premier League season, losing to both Brighton and Brentford while being outplayed in both fixtures. And that’s just increased Ten Hag’s desire to strengthen the squad. United want a new forward to provide competition for the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga. And Gakpo is on the club’s radar after shining for PSV last season, where he scored 12 goals and clocked up 13 assists from 27 Eredivisie appearances. Now, according to The Mirror, Ten Hag has talked to the Netherlands international. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything And he’s explained to Gakpo that he’s walking a ‘financial tightrope’ with funds limited due to their failure to qualify for the Champions League last term. United have signed just three players so far in Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. That’s despite Ralf Rangnick, Ten Hag’s predecessor, saying the club needed as many as 10 new reinforcements after a 4-0 defeat to Liverpool back in April. PSV are set to lock horns with Rangers in their Champions League play-off. And the Dutch side won’t make a decision on Gakpo until after that game is done, with a place in the group stages worth around £60million on the line. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already United need a forward at a time where all of their rivals have strengthened their attacks this summer. Arsenal raided Manchester City for Gabriel Jesus, with the Brazil international scoring his first two goals for the club in a 4-2 victory over Leicester on Saturday. City themselves have brought in Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund, having opted to land the Norway international instead of reigniting interest in Harry Kane. Tottenham have bolstered their frontline by landing Richarlison from Everton in a huge £60m deal. And Chelsea and Liverpool have moved for Raheem Sterling and Darwin Nunez respectively, with the duo arriving from City and Benfica. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Meanwhile, former United star Gary Neville has let rip about the state of his old side in the wake of the 4-0 battering at the hands of Brentford on Saturday. "Those players, we've told the story of them for 12 months,” he said. “We're continually saying the same things about the same people. “Wasn't it Ralf Rangnick who said Man Utd needed open heart surgery? He was the guy to direct this club, so they've obviously not listened to him or they've got complete inability to bring the players into the club. “Man Utd have always answered fan anger through money and spending - the problem is no one wants to take the money. "They can't spend the money - and that's a big problem. I said at half-time, if you're a player watching that performance what are you thinking? Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “It is a great club, magic club, its been the biggest thing in my life and I couldn't be more proud to support them. “But at this moment in time it is really desperate. There's no leadership, no voice, you can't blame individual players or the manager. “You have to look above, you have to look at the very top. This week, they're going to get peppered. “But there's a family over there in America who are letting their employees take all the hits and that is unforgivable. “Joel Glazer has got to get on a plane tomorrow, get over to Manchester and tell everyone what the hell his plan is with the football club.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here