Nicola Peltz-Beckham, 27, has caused a stir amongst her 2.7 million Instagram followers after posting a very candid photo of herself looking tearful in bed. While sharing a cryptic caption discussing her family, Brooklyn Beckham’s new wife Nicola could be seen resting on her pillows while cuddling a pink teddy bear for comfort. The exhausted actress looked downcast as she showed off her giant engagement ring while resting her hands on top of her head.  Nicola, who is daughter to billionaire parents Nelson and Claudia Peltz, penned alongside the emotional snap: “Sometimes I find it hard to show the sad bits of me.  “Growing up with seven siblings and two very strong parents, made me really tough, they hammered it into me to not let people bring me down or hurt my heart.  “It made me put such a wall up to protect myself especially in this industry. READ MORE... Charlene White hits out as she's blasted for Lionesses diversity query  “We all have days where people make you feel bad and it’s okay to be hurt by it.”    She added: “I just thought I would write something because I never show this side of me here.    “I wanted to show this side of me. I love you all so much and truly appreciate all of your support.    “It means so much when you guys are kind on my page I want you to know i see you, I hear you, and it means a lot to me.”  Nicola’s husband Brooklyn, 23, was one of the first to inundate the brunette beauty with love and support following her tearful admission. Victoria and David Beckham’s eldest son commented: “You have the most amazing heart xx “I love you so so much xx.” Other celebs including Paris Hilton and Selma Blair also sided with Nicola amid her struggles. DON'T MISS:Kate Humble's frustration over invasive question with husband [COMMENT]Ben Affleck's relationship with Jennifer Garner after J Lo wedding [INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon is planning 'dream' honeymoon in very unusual location [OPINION] Paris simply penned: “Love you.”  Selma added: "Beautiful Nicola, many years ago we met, and of course, I was transfixed. On your kindness. On your grace.  “I was weak and tired and older than your crowd, and you listened.  “Forever, I will consider you an angel child. In whatever mood or feeling you are under or in. Sending an embrace." Nicola appreciated the actress’ sweet message, and wrote in response: "Selma I can't even put into words how much your kind message means to me. “Thank you so much you’re so special I’m so lucky to know you," with a pink love heart emoji.  Although Nicola has not revealed what caused her emotional state, several US media outlets have speculated her upset could have been caused by a reported feud between herself and her mother-in-law, Victoria Beckham.  However, Nicola recently seemed cordial with the fashion designer, as she shared a sweet photo tribute in honour of the former Spice Girl's 48th birthday in April.  The picture featured Nicola posing next to Victoria and her own mum Claudia.  Nicola captioned the picture at the time: "Happy Birthday @victoriabeckham," alongside a pink love heart emoji.  Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Victoria and Nicola.