In March 2021, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle sent shockwaves around the world after appearing in a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. The explosive chat saw the couple make a series of claims about the monarchy. According to Princess Diana's former protection officer Ken Wharfe, Harry found the Oprah interview "difficult" to appear in. Mr Wharfe explained Harry's "telling" feelings during the bombshell interview. Mr Wharfe told Palace Confidential: "I think the telling thing about the interview for me was that Harry made a rather late appearance in that programme. "I think he found it difficult. "This is something that he would have been unable to deliver, I think, in a way that, you know, he would want to." He added: "He was there to represent and defend his wife." READ MORE: 'Nobody said Harry wouldn't get protection!' Diana's ex-bodyguard dismantles security row Speaking of "tell-all" style interviews, Mr Wharfe noted that "Diana did it twice" and now, "Meghan has done it". He continued: "It was their way of actually letting their story out. "Up until that time, of course, Diana was being told repeatedly, well you know, speak to your husband about this, you can sort this out. "That wasn't possible, it didn't happen." READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' event in New York - claim He noted that, during that time, Charles had a "much bigger operation" and a "lot of support", whereas "Diana didn't have that". Because of this, he added: "She decided, well look, I'm not getting that support, I want to tell you the truth, and that's what happened with [Andrew] Morton, and that's what happened with [Martin] Bashir." During the Oprah interview, the Sussexes accused an unnamed royal - not the Queen or Prince Philip - of making a racist comment about their son Archie. And following previous reports it was the other way around, Meghan claimed Kate made her cry ahead of her royal wedding in 2018. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Queen as she brands monarch a 'coloniser' [REPORT] 'Very painful time' Queen's mother 'left alone' to deal with loss [REVEAL] Queen warned Harry's mention of royals in book 'would be razor sharp' [INSIGHT] During the two-hour-long interview, the Duchess also shared that she had suffered with her mental health during her time in The Firm. She revealed that she had experienced "suicidal thoughts" and alleged that she was denied help during her private struggle. Prince Harry also laid bare his rifts with his older brother Prince William and father Prince Charles. READ NEXT: