During Monday’s instalment of the ITV show, hosts Charlotte Hawkins and Sean Fletcher welcomed two guests into the studio to speak about the backlash police officers have recently received for dancing at certain events. Although, when Former Scotland Yard Detective slammed the dancing, Good Morning Britain viewers were less than impressed with his opinions.  Sean asked the panel if the officer's dancing is a positive thing, as they’re getting involved in the community and building trust. However, Peter Bleksley strongly disagreed as he said that it is almost negligent on the officer's part. The Former Scotland Yard Detective told the Good Morning Britain panel that if he was at the event, he would have had them all stationed and alert. He said: “If I were at that event, I’d be saying to the officers, ‘You’re stationed here, here and here. Remain vigilant.'   “'Smile, engage, tell the revellers where we can be found to report concerns or any crime that occurs, but we do not dance, we don't prance, we [are the] police!'” However, Peter’s comments caused an uproar with GMB viewers, as many have sided with the police choosing to get more involved with the event. Alison White said: “The police officers were policing an event and engaging with the community, to me that is just as important. "It builds trust between officers and the public. I would rather see police engaging with the public and building a trust than some standing there glaring at everyone.”    Flopsypickle added: “Those police are there to engage with the community, it is possible to join in with things AND be vigilant. “If they were needed then I’m sure they would have left immediately. 4 police officers doing a 3min dance isn’t the issue with policing, funding cuts by the govt are #gmb. (sic) Dave commented: “It’s all about context. These officers were there to engage with the public. They did so brilliantly.” With Marie saying: “This police officer has seen too many episodes of The Bill  @GMB, let the police be part of the community."   Addressing former Police Officer G Turawa, Charlotte asked what his thoughts were. The GMB host said: "There is that argument that they should be poised and ready to do their duty to what they’re being paid to do. “If they’re dancing, they’re not able to do that, are they?” However, G Turawa strongly disagreed with Peter about the topic as he commented that dancing doesn’t take away from the fact that they can still do their duty.    Speaking about Nottinghill Carnival that took place over the weekend, he said: “I went on YouTube this morning, and there are thousands and thousands of videos of police officers dancing. “Millions, that say you’re (Peter) wrong, that say that this is a good thing for communities. “It breaks down barriers, I was a beat officer, the best part of my career was going out finding different ways to engage with people.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am.  