Following fellow conservative news site The Daily Wire, Breitbart has entered the world of streaming movies with My Son Hunter. The trailer for the new film debuted on Donald Trump’s Truth Social platform and seeks to dramatise controversies surrounding President Joe Biden's son Hunter Biden. Woke culture critic Laurence Fox stars as Hunter in scenes involving sex, drugs, prostitutes, spies, business deals and Ukrainian oligarchs. Star Wars actress Gina Carano acts opposite as a Secret Service agent narrator. The new trailer for My Son Hunter and promotional materials show President Biden star John James smelling her character's hair and kissing her neck. In 2020 she was fired from Disney+ show The Mandalorian for posting an Instagram story comparing today’s polarising political to Nazi Germany. The former wrestler has also since starred in Daily Wire Western, Terror on the Prairie. Carona told Fox News: “The script was instantly intriguing and side achingly hilarious to me, especially after being newly exposed to the political realm in 2020. Robert Davi is someone who reached out to me as soon as I was ‘cancelled’ in Feb. 2021. I signed on in support of him and one of my favourite humans, Laurence Fox. They both have always been actors I adore watching and now they both have become my friends and mentors. "The icing on the cake – she continued – was getting to meet John James, a wildly funny charismatic and lovable human. It is such a pleasure to be on the forefront of groundbreaking storytelling.” Writer-producer Phelim McAleer described My Son Hunter as Austin Powers meets King Lear meets House of Cards. READ MORE: Andrea Bocelli and kids ‘astonished, overwhelmed’ to perform for Biden Viewers are invited to “witness the sensational, bombshell, unbelievable, scandalous, corrupt, censored, shocking true story.” My Son Hunter is directed by Hollywood conservative actor Robert Davi, best known for his Die Hard role as FBI agent Johnson and for starring as James Bond villain Franz Sanchez in Licence to Kill. The 71-year-old told Fox News: “This popped into my hands. And I was frustrated, like all of America watching that Biden story: the laptop story being buried, continually buried — except for people like [host Jesse Watters] that brought it forward. So when it came into my hands, I was like Peter Finch in Network — I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore, as the American people are.” DON'T MISSFrank Sinatra used Mafia links to show kindness to Bond villain star [EXCLUSIVE]Licence to Kill villain star screen tested as James Bond: 'Impressive' [EXCLUSIVE]Frank Sinatra and Arnold Schwarzenegger turned down same iconic role [EXCLUSIVE] Following the film’s teaser reveal, Breitbart CEO Larry Solov said: “Breitbart has always believed freedom flourishes with more voices, not less. As we begin distributing films, that belief will be a guiding light. In 2020, Big Tech colluded with the mainstream media to bury one of the biggest political scandals to protect their chosen presidential candidate. It was unprecedented and outrageous. My Son Hunter is a film they never wanted you to see, which is precisely why Americans must. This is not a true story, except for all the facts.” My Son Hunter has been privately crowdfunded with a budget of $2.75 million and will premiere on its own website on September 7 here.