The former England player was over the moon as she spoke to BBC Breakfast presenters Sally Nugent and Ben Thompson about the Lionesses incredible win. The highly anticipated game made history after England took home the European Championship for the first time since the competition began in 1984.  On Sunday evening, the nation watched as the Lionesses won the Women’s Euros 2022 and among those celebrating the win, was former professional footballer and presenter Alex Scott. During Monday's instalment of BBC Breakfast, she appeared on the show to speak about the team's triumph. Speaking to Sally and Ben, Alex asked: “Is this even real life?” It wasn’t long before the star became highly emotional about how proud she was of the win.    She said: “My alarm went off this morning and I thought it was all a dream. “Just hearing the reaction, it got me emotional once again because you know what these Lionesses have done.” Alex started to tear up as told the hosts: “Look I’m going again just thinking about it. “They’ve raised the bar, they’ve changed the way women's football is viewed in this country forever.    “There’s no going back now you know? It’s so magical.” Ben asked Alex if she believes this is the landmark moment the sport and game needed. He mentioned there’s currently a lot of excitement and inspiration in young girls who want to take up football before asking what else needs to change. She replied: “It would be tragic to take any steps back after what we’ve witnessed not just yesterday but through the whole tournament.    "Ian Wright said it brilliantly the other day about giving the opportunity now to every single girl to go and play football if they want to." Alex noted the match was similar to the women's USA team winning the World Cup back in 1999. She said: “That changed everything for them. They fight for more in that country and that's why they’ve been so dominant for years. “Winning that trophy yesterday is that moment for this country.    “It’s not even this country, I would say that was a winning moment for women's football in Europe yesterday.” BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One from 6am   