Energy bills are set to skyrocket in the coming months, and a new shock warning from consultancy Auxilione predicts average prices surging above £5,000 next year. With further pressure being heaped on households, many are considering a refusal to meet the costs. However these individuals are being warned they could face dire consequences as a result of this kind of action. This is particularly the case for individuals who already have a smart meter installed within their property - as they could be forced to pay for energy upfront going forward. These households could be moved onto a prepayment meter in efforts to tackle non-payment, as energy companies can make this decision with little notice. Citizens Advice has explained the circumstances whereby a person could find themselves moved onto a prepayment meter - which requires users to pay for energy before they use it. READ MORE: WASPI 'sick and tired' at Truss and Sunak's state pension age stance Their website states: “If your supplier says you’re behind on paying for your gas or electricity, they have to give you at least 28 days to pay them back. “After that, they can write to you again to say they’re going to move you to a prepayment meter.” Suppliers must provide seven days notice before they come to install a gas meter, and seven working days notice for an electricity meter. If a person does not repay the money they owe, and refuses to have a prepayment meter installed, then the worst could happen and suppliers could cut off an energy supply. DON'T MISSPension savers urged to take 'small steps' to boost retirement pot [ANALYSIS]Nationwide issues warning as Briton targeted for £18k in scam [WARNING]State pensioners set for ‘rollercoaster ride’ as inflation soars [INSIGHT] Lewis Shaw, founder of Shaw Financial Services, therefore urged Britons to think carefully before taking a stand to not pay their energy bills, and said: “Understandably, consumers want to take a stand against energy suppliers when they appear to be boasting of record profits and bumper payouts to shareholders. “In contrast, hard-working Brits will have to choose between eating and heating within the next few months, so it's unsurprising that groups are springing up advocating mass non-payment of energy bills. “Whilst many would love to be able to wield mass action against businesses that are bleeding people dry, the reality is the consequences of that type of action will be dire. “Non-payment of utilities will show on a credit file, initially as missed payments, then arrears, then defaults after seven months and ultimately a county court judgment (CCJ). This means paying higher interest not just for a mortgage, if you're even eligible, but on credit cards, loans and any other type of borrowing for the following six years.” READ MORE: Attendance allowance will be replaced for more than 124,000 people Adam Hosker, director at Cyborg Finances, also warned such action would be like “swinging a wrecking ball” at a credit score, and “trashing your future”. While this may be the case, it does not change the fact some people will be struggling to afford their energy bills. An Energy UK spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk any customer who is finding it difficult should speak to their supplier in the first instance to see whether support is available. They added that suppliers are doing “all they can to support customers, providing financial relief to those that need it most”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Kevin Mountford, savings expert and co-founder of Raisin UK, pointed towards alternative actions Britons may wish to consider if they feel they cannot afford their bills. He said: “You could issue a Subject Access Request - which means the energy company will need to compile and issue all the information they hold on you. This can take quite a while to pull together and again adds to the work they need to complete. “Once they have issued their findings to the complaint, you can appeal or disagree, meaning your account will be sent to deadlock, and they will refer you to the ombudsman. “The ombudsman will charge the energy companies £500 per complaint to deal with and they are only allowed to have a certain number of complaints open at any given time - otherwise they face heavy penalties/fines.” Recently, a Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, described non-payment as “highly irresponsible messaging which will only push up prices for everyone else”. They highlighted the £37billion worth of help being provided to households, including the £400 discount on energy bills to assist this winter.