Ever since Daniel Craig stepped down from playing James Bond after No Time To Die, the race to replace him has been on. While the official announcement will likely come within the next year, a number of massive British stars are in the running in the Bond odds. Although the likes of Tom Hardy and Regé-Jean Page are in the top tier of options, Tom Holland - who stars in Spies in Disguise at 3:$5pm on Channel 4 today - has just stepped up to the plate. Holland has become an enormous Hollywood star in recent years after his mainstream debut in Marvel's Spider-Man series. He first arrived in Captain America: Civil War before he had a trilogy of his own, ending with No Way Home, which hit cinemas at the end of 2021. But after the third movie in his series, Holland revealed his contract with Marvel to play Spider-Man came to an end. He said at the time: "[No Way Home] would be my last one. So, I’ve always said to them if they want me back I’ll be there in a heartbeat." He added: "If they want me back I’ll be there, if they don’t I will walk off into the sunset a very, very happy person because it’s been an amazing journey." Now, the odds on the star becoming the new-and-improved 007 have been slashed. Holland has been given 40/1 odds on becoming the new-and-improved 007 by Ladbrokes. This would be quite a change for James Bond considering how young Holland is. The British superhero star is currently 26-years-old - almost a decade younger than Daniel Craig was when he became James Bond. However, his youth could be a great boon for the star, who would be able to play the character in perpetuity for the foreseeable future. READ MORE: James Bond George Lazenby was 'caught having sex' on 007 set Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said of the Spider-Man star: "Tom Holland might not be the traditional Bond type, but the odds suggest he has a slight chance of replacing Daniel Craig, and plenty of punters seem to think the same." However, he isn't the favourite for the role just yet. The favourite in the Bond odds, for now, is the Superman star himself: Henry Cavill. The British hunk has an incredible 7/4 on becoming the new 007 in the upcoming James Bond series reboot. DON'T MISS...James Bond George Lazenby was 'caught having sex' on 007 set [NEWS]James Bond: Daniel Craig received advice from Pierce Brosnan [INFO]James Bond: George Lazenby forced to reshoot Diana Rigg death scene [INSIGHT] Cavill getting the role would be a fantastic opportunity for the star - especially considering he has already been turned down for the character. He auditioned for 007 back in 2005 for Casino Royale, but lost out to Craig after being told he was looking a "little chubby". Despite this, Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "The race to replace Daniel Craig is firmly on and as things stand it's Henry Cavill who leads the way to get the nod." Following him in the odds is Idris Elba, who is best known for playing Heimdall in the Thor series, as well as Detective Luther on the BBC. Elba has an impressive 4/1 on running off with the role. However, a Netflix star is close on his tail. Page has 9/2 following his popularity spike from period drama Bridgerton. But he has previously stated how he thought being included in the Bond odds was "flattering" - and nothing more. After him, Tom Hardy is a big contender, with 5/1. But will the Venom star be able to juggle his other franchises with being Bond? James Bond No Time To Die is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now.