The Tory leadership candidate was seen sporting a black suit and blue tie, but eagle-eyed viewers noticed a hole on the bottom of his left shoe. He appeared in the North East earlier tonight to face off against Liz Truss at their first hustings debate in a traditionally Red Wall constituency, with the Conservatives gaining Darlington from Labour for the first time in 32 years back in 2019. The debate marks the fifth out of twelve debates that are taking place in the lead-up to the decision as to who takes over from Boris Johnson in September. A photographer at the event noticed the hole, which also had a rip to the side, and made sure to snap the moment. Normally, the chancellor keeps on top of his appearance at events, but this wardrobe malfunction has had people laughing as the billionaire. Sunak has been under the spotlight in recent weeks after an unearthed video from 2001 saw him mention that he had “no working class friends”.  Just last week, a video did the rounds on social media as Sunak was seen boasting of stripping cash from “deprived urban areas” and pumping funds into wealthier areas. The video showed him bragging in Tunbridge Wells about rewriting Treasury formulas in guidelines known as the “Green Book”. This would mean he could inject more taxpayers cash into affluent towns.But he is not the only candidate who has been branded “out of touch”, with Liz Truss also sparking fury as she unveiled plans to pay dedicated public sector workers who lived in poor areas less, though she has since made a U-turn. Sunak and his wife, Akshata Murthy, have a joint £730million fortune, putting them at number 222 on the Sunday Times Rich List.  READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Ministers 'filling jobs with foreign workers' Protestors were seen outside the Darlington Hippodrome tonight shouting “Tories fail the North” and had signs reading “Brexit has failed” and “This Northerner says that’s not levelling up!” Sunak was criticised last week for running a “stage managed” leadership campaign after a script sent to his supporters was leaked. He was ridiculed after sending out a suggested script to his supporters on how to endorse him on social media. It included preferred stock phrases for Tory members to use when making their case for Sunak to be Prime Minister.  DON'T MISS:Police launch urgent appeal in hunt for gang of youths [PICTURES]'Scottish Resistance' STORMS national energy provider's Glasgow HQ [INSIGHT]Thames Water hosepipe ban: Major UK supplier confirms temporary ban [COMMENT] Supporters of Liz Truss seized the leak to claim it is proof the candidate is not unauthentic. The script being circulated amongst supporters reads: "My name is (insert name) and I live in (insert constituency). "I am backing Rishi Sunak because (choose option or insert one of your own)." 