We have a shortage of National Health Service staff, a shortage of accommodation, food and fuel prices are reaching the highest levels ever seen – and what do we do? Allow more and more so-called migrants on to our shores to take advantage of our welfare state. Everyone talks about human rights. What about the human rights of those of us who were born in the United Kingdom and who also pay tax here for overstretched services? During the Second World War my wife’s father and three uncles fought to stop the invasion of these islands, says Alan Sheldon from Sheffield. Her father was injured in 1945 following D-Day and all three uncles were killed. When I think of the sacrifices made by men like these to defend us it makes my blood boil to see us now ferrying mainly men on to our shores. Shame on the Government and officials for allowing this to happen. Apart from a few charities, no one else in this country wants thousands of illegal immigrants arriving here with no ID, no passports, no money and no future, apart from wanting to live off our taxes, says Susan Dance from Harrogate, North Yorkshire. It is a disgrace that we cannot protect our country from potential criminals who will abscond at the first chance and more often than we desire, resort to crime to survive. I would have preferred to have had Boris Johnson continue as Prime Minister. The leadership contest is preventing competent government until a winner is announced, says Dave Austin from Chalfont St Peter, Buckinghamshire.  I do not find either candidate an exciting prospect but to see Rishi Sunak win, after spending the last few months plotting his coup while waiting until he thought Boris was at his weakest, would be a total disaster for the party.  I am going to raise my head above the parapet and say no to the Lionesses being awarded gongs, says Linda Plant from Hitchin, Hertfordshire. It was not the World Cup and if they go ahead and win that trophy what would they be honoured with then? They achieved a great victory and gave a lot of people enjoyment, but I think calling for gongs is a knee-jerk reaction. 