Chelsea target Anthony Gordon has been lined up in a £40million transfer to Stamford Bridge this summer and the Everton starlet’s social media activity will only add fuel to the fire. The 21-year-old was spotted commenting on Blues star Reece James’ Instagram post, sparking suggestions he could soon join him in west London. It comes after James put in a man-of-the-match display against Tottenham in a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge on Sunday, with the 22-year-old producing a composed finish to put his side in front on 74 minutes. The wing-back was an influential presence, first being used as a right-sided centre-back and then moved further forward in the second half. And Gordon expressed his admiration towards his compatriot, leaving a positive comment on his Instagram profile. Underneath an image James had posted with the caption: “My club”, with a blue heart emoji, Gordon responded with two emojis of his own — one of a face with steam coming out of its nose and the other with stars in its eyes. TRANSFER NEWS LIVE: Man Utd in £25m talks, Gordon to Chelsea 'close' It was reported on Sunday that Chelsea had lodged a £40m bid for the exciting attacker, but the offer has been rejected by the Toffees. Without looking too much into a wordless social media post, Gordon’s activity has only heightened speculation that the Halewood academy graduate is keen on joining James in west London this summer. Gordon has emerged as a surprise target for the Premier League giants after becoming a regular first-team member under Frank Lampard at Everton. The England Under-21 International has been linked with Newcastle United and Tottenham earlier in the transfer window, but the Magpies baulked at their £50m valuation. Lampard, who took charge of Everton in January after being sacked by Chelsea as manager 18 months ago, has previously insisted the club are not interested in selling Gordon and expect him to stay after handing the youngster the club’s No 10 shirt. DON'T MISSThiago Silva's wife sends angry message to Chelsea after snubChelsea learn Xavi stance on De Jong in Barcelona transferChelsea could make four signings if money-bags Newcastle secure deal  “He’s going nowhere. He’s our player and that was a hugely-important thing to me,” Lampard said. “He’s the sort of player we want to build to go forward with. I’m delighted that he’s got his number 10 but now I want him to continue to earn it.” Chelsea have made a concerted effort to sign up some of England’s finest talents of the future, spending £20m on Aston Villa starlet Carney Chukwuemeka in addition to snapping up half a dozen teenagers including Tyler Dibling and Omari Hutchinson from Southampton and Arsenal respectively. That transfer came as part of a total £175m spend so far under new owner Todd Boehly, with Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly, Raheem Sterling and Gabriel Slonina all arriving as new recruits. Their spending could continue into the final weeks of the transfer window too, with Gordon targeted along with Frenkie de Jong, Wesley Fofana, Cesare Casadei and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.