Not when a trade union such as Unite is determined to cause havoc and has no conscience about ruining the lives of millions of law-abiding people. The impact of an eight-day strike at Felixstowe, the UK's biggest container port, has the potential to last until Christmas and beyond - and that is completely unacceptable. It is as if the unions - including the RMT, which last week disrupted public transport and threatens to do so repeatedly - are hell-bent on causing misery and will stop at nothing to achieve their political aims. A perfectly good pay increase of 7 per cent - plus a one-off £500 payment - is on the table at Felixstowe, compared with the average pay increase across the country of just 5 per cent. We could soon be faced with a terrifying cost-of-living crisis. But the militant unions do not care. They are the dinosaurs of the 21st century and it is high time they were consigned to history. What is needed now is the firm hand of government and a steely determination on the part of employers. Giving in to their demands should not be an option.  Something must be done. That is what people say when faced with a desperate situation - so we welcome the National Grid's initiative to offer incentives to householders who switch off appliances, such as washing machines and computers, at certain times of the day. Rebates of up to £6 a week are on offer to people with smart meters if they cut their electricity use. This could make a big difference to energy supplies and stave off the threat of power cuts, which might become a reality in a worst-case scenario. But it is incumbent on us all - whatever our financial situation - to use electricity responsibility. Other countries, such as Germany, have ordered households to reduce their energy use, but we hope it does not come to that in the UK. A far better course of action is for all of us to think of the greater good before switching on our tumble dryers at peak times. Let us all try to conserve electricity whenever we can.  The Edinburgh Fringe has reinstated its funniest joke award - and picking the shortlist has been a serious business. Critics attended hundreds of shows before letting the public make the final decision. A pun on pasta has triumphed. It might not make everyone double up with laughter but my goodness we can do with some humour right now. 