In the course of my work I go into a lot of households where these extortionate price rises are going to cause real misery. There is a lot of fear and anger out there about what next year is going to bring. Even before the Don’t Pay campaign came along there was talk of non-payment and civil disobedience from the unlikeliest and most law abiding people. One customer of mine, Margaret, is a retiree in her early 80s. She’s worked out that her bills, based on past consumption, are now going to exceed her spare income by 10 or 15 percent. She hasn’t got spare cash to invest in energy saving measures like loft lagging or double glazing. Don’t Pay isn’t going to be a choice for her or tens of thousands like her, she literally won’t be able to pay. The energy companies will no doubt threaten her with bailiffs or attempt to put her on a pre-payment meter, a move that will rob her of dignity and cost her even more per unit of energy! Stories like hers are what has made me think it’s time to act. National Energy Action estimates that around 11,000 deaths are already caused every year by cold, by people not being able to afford the energy to heat their homes. With the latest round of increases up to 6.3 million people might not be able to afford their bills. Is this really where we are as a country? Britain is facing a crisis this winter, the Ofgem price cap rise put fuel bills for the average household in the UK up to £3,600, and potential further rises in January will put millions into fuel poverty with many facing the stark choice between heating and eating. At the same time we’ll be watching the energy giants banking billions and paying out huge bonuses and dividends to shareholders. We can’t stand by and let that happen. If Don't Pay gets to a million pledges, I’ll be cancelling my direct debit and telling my supplier that I’ll be paying only what I can afford. According to at least one poll I’ll be joining around one in seven households doing the same. This isn’t the first time the British public have turned round and said no together. Famously 17 million refused to pay the Poll Tax, but more recently Southern Water customers in leafy conservative Kent withheld payments in protest at the constant dumping of sewage on beaches.   They won, with the company offering them 100 percent discounts on their bills. I think of the Don’t Pay campaign and its pledge to withdraw co-operation from the energy suppliers as being like applying the handbrake in an emergency. We’re demanding the reversal of the price cap, an end to the installation of pre-payment meters, and that no-one is cold this winter. But, following on from that we need a nationwide conversation about how we generate energy and how it is delivered to people’s homes. In essence, what is a fair price for power? One idea is a social tariff, an allowance of energy at a set basic rate for each household, one that allows the basics of dignified living, another is a mass, Government-backed programme of insulating homes. We are facing a humanitarian crisis, not only this winter but in the years to come if we don’t act now. Projections show that one in three people will be in fuel poverty in the next few months. We need urgent action now, not gimmicky one off payments or loans, or bail outs for the failing energy companies. We need a total restructuring of how this system works, so it can be made to work for ordinary people.  Simon Howard is a spokesman for the campaign group Don't Pay. 