Manchester United have said that Marcus Rashford is not for sale this summer amid reports the forward's representatives have held talks with Paris Saint-Germain, reports claim. The England international is looking to force his way back into Gareth Southgate's squad for the World Cup in November but in order to achieve that feat, a new challenge may be required. Rashford has huffed and puffed in recent times following a challenging campaign last season that saw him lose his place in the England set-up. Yet now he is hoping to put his patchy form behind him as he looks to kickstart the new era under Erik ten Hag at Old Trafford. His drive hasn't stopped PSG from testing the water though with the French giants said to have held talks with Rashford's entourage last week. The club would be open to signing the 24-year-old, who they believe would benefit from a new challenge and change of surroundings. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag However, football reporter Julien Laurens claims United have already relayed that the player in not for sale this summer. He tweeted: "Manchester United say that Marcus Rashford is not for sale. Only a crazy offer, I guess, could make them change their mind and PSG won’t make the crazy offer. "Luis Campos has showed already this summer that he doesn’t pay over the odds and over his valuation of a player." PSG are in the market for additional attacking reinforcements this summer having previously targeted Gianluca Scamacca and Benfica's Goncalo Ramos. READ MOREMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free'Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Mauro Icardi is also expected to depart the Parc des Princes and coincidentally, the Argentine has found himself linked with a move to Manchester United. With Erik ten Hag looking to add another striker to his squad, it would make no sense at all to offload one of his prominent attackers. Cristiano Ronaldo is still yet to commit his future to the club for another season, therefore selling Rashford would represent a major gamble for the Dutchman in his debut season at Old Trafford. United are reportedly keen to tie Rashford down to a new contract after entering the final two years of his deal. Meanwhile, in the view of pundit Anton Ferdinand, Rashford should be open to a move to PSG as the switch could help him fall back in love with the game again. “I’m going to look at it from a player’s point of view. It’s time for a fresh start. It’s time for new ideas in terms of new surroundings,” Ferdinand told talkSPORT. “It’s been suggested he’s a fan favourite. A fan favourite doesn’t get booed the way he gets booed at times. “I think, especially for him who’s from Manchester and plays for his boyhood club, to get booed by your own fans but be a fan favourite… I think it’s time to go. “It’s time for him to go to another club, live another lifestyle and play with some better players.”