The Duke of Cambridge is reportedly aiming to take the Cambridge name over to the States to make the family more known. However, a royal expert has warned of the potential consequences of competing with the Sussexes.   As part of the deliberate publicity move, Kate and William are hoping to make their family more relatable to audiences across the pond. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge haven't been to the US in eight years but appear set to change this as they plan to visit the country later this year. Some royal experts have thrown their support behind the couple for their attempts to appeal to a US audience.  Royal expert Omid Scobie said: "Who can blame them?”   "Interest in the royal family on the world stage has long been an essential asset to Britain’s appeal abroad.” However, one commentator warned of the new challenges the Royal Family are likely to face in the US. Eric Schiffer said: "Defining the battleground and the death trap today for William will be to not focus closely on the environment and the issues that matter to Gen Z and millennials, including equality and empowerment of women.  "To do it in ways that don't seem to be merchandising, but are done through action." READ MORE: Prince Charles warned about curbing Princess Anne's role Mr Schiffer also spoke to the Daily Star about Harry and Meghan's "obsessive campaign" to stay firmly in the "hearts and minds of young Americans". In their campaigning the Sussexes are said to "assert the soft power of William and his father in America by zeroing-in and spending more time and paying more attention to that demographic", Mr Schiffer claimed. He believed the couple's focus on winning over the American audience has been spurred on by the fact William and Kate made their interest in the US known. Kate and William are expected to visit Boston in December for the Earthshot Prize.  According to royal writer Omid Scobie, it could be a precursor of many more visits to come. He said: "William is keen for his work to be seen and have an impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble. "The charitable landscape in America is huge, and he wants to have a presence.” However, he questioned whether a "little competitiveness" with his brother might also "be in the mix" as Harry and Meghan have become big names in the US, where they now live 