Brooklyn Beckham, 23, has taken to Instagram to declare how proud he is of his wife, Nicola Peltz, 27. It comes after the actress posted a recent emotional snap which caused a stir with her followers. The son of David and Victoria took to the picture-sharing site to share a sweet snap of his new wife. The story post was shared with his 14.3 million followers. Alongside a dark, black-and-white snap of Nicola, Brooklyn penned several heartfelt notes which he included as captions on the post. He said: “My best friend xx. READ MORE: ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' “My talented baby xx. “I love you x I am so proud of you.” In the following story, he shared Nicola’s original photo. She caused concern among her 2.7 million fans on Saturday after sharing a candid photo of herself crying in bed. The star included a cryptic caption in which she discussed her family. Nicola, who is the daughter of billionaire parents Nelson and Claudia Peltz, penned alongside the emotional snap: “Sometimes I find it hard to show the sad bits of me. “Growing up with seven siblings and two very strong parents, made me really tough. “They hammered it into me to not let people bring me down or hurt my heart. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury [HEALTH] Brad Pitt, 58, looks dapper in green suit amid retirement claims [HOLLYWOOD] Tess Daly puts on sultry display in red swimsuit flashing toned legs [PICS] “It made me put such a wall up to protect myself, especially in this industry. “We all have days where people make you feel bad and it’s okay to be hurt by it.” She added: “I just thought I would write something because I never show this side of me here. “I wanted to show this side of me. I love you all so much and truly appreciate all of your support. “It means so much when you guys are kind on my page. I want you to know I see you, I hear you, and it means a lot to me.” Husband Brooklyn jumped on to the post to support his wife. “You have the most amazing heart xx. “I love you so so much xx.” Other famous faces including Paris Hilton and Selma Blair also shared their love for Nicola amid her struggles. Paris simply penned: “Love you.” Selma added: "Beautiful Nicola, many years ago we met, and of course, I was transfixed. On your kindness. On your grace. “I was weak and tired and older than your crowd, and you listened.” The star hasn’t been clear about the nature of her upset, but various media sources have reported that she was engaged in a feud with mum-in-law Victoria Beckham. Express.co.uk has reached out to Victoria and Nicola’s reps for comment.