House of the Dragon showrunner Miguel Sapochnik has revealed he has stepped down from the HBO series after spending three years on the project. The Game of Thrones spin-off follows the story of the Targaryen Civil War at the height of their dynasty’s power. Now co-creator Ryan Condal is set to step up to the plate and take over the role as showrunner. On his departure from the franchise, Miguel explained: "Working within the GOT universe for the past few years has been an honour and a privilege. "Especially spending the last two with the amazing cast and crew of House of the Dragon. I am so proud of what we accomplished with season one and overjoyed by the enthusiastic reaction of our viewers. “It was incredibly tough to decide to move on, but I know that it is the right choice for me, personally and professionally. "As I do so, though, I am deeply comforted to know that Alan will be joining the series. He’s someone I’ve known and respected for a long time, and I believe this precious series could not be in safer hands." He added: “I am so glad to remain a part of the HBO and House of the Dragon family and, of course, I wish Ryan and his team success and all the best with season two and beyond." Game of Thrones veteran, Alan Taylor, will also be joining the crew as director and executive producer on the second season of the show. Touching on his arrival to the series, Alan said: "It’s a pleasure and an honour to be back at HBO, immersing myself in the world of the Targaryens. "I look forward to working closely with Ryan as House of the Dragon grows into its second season. "Ryan, Miguel and George have launched an extraordinary story, in a rich and fascinating world. "Returning to Westeros will be a huge undertaking and I’m looking forward to the challenge." A spokeswoman for HBO praised Miguel's "amazing" work and exclaimed: "This series simply could not have come together the way it did without him. "While we would have loved to have Miguel continue in the same role, we are thrilled to have his ongoing collaboration in this new creative capacity. DON'T MISS...Meghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview [INSIGHT]‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles [LATEST]Farage slams 'over-inflated' Meghan [WATCH "Looking forward, we’ve had a decades-long relationship with Alan Taylor, and we are delighted to have him join Ryan and rest the talented team." The premiere of the latest series looked deeper into the Targaryen family and saw 25 million viewers flock within the first week of its release. The traction that the series gained helped the series meant that it was picked up for season two almost immediately. Series one of the series will consist of 10 episodes in total, with veteran Game of Thrones viewers noticing this is the same as earlier seasons of GOT. House of the Dragon began with King Viserys I (played by Paddy Considine) on the Iron Throne at the height of the Targaryen dynasty’s power. Following the death of his wife, Viserys goes against tradition and controversially names his daughter, Princess Rhaenyra (Milly Alcock), as his successor which sparks tension between members of the Targaryen family and the other houses of Westeros. As Viserys’ first-born child, Rhaenyra expects to be named the first queen regnant of the Seven Kingdoms but Viserys’ brother, Prince Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith), a renowned warrior, also has his eyes on the Iron Throne. House of the Dragon episode 3 is available to watch on Sunday, September, 3 on HBO and Monday, September 4 on Sky Atlantic and NOW.