Piers Morgan, 57, has been included on a new list of British figures who are barred from Russia. Piers joined 38 other journalists, politicians and business magnates who are now banned from entering the country. The list also includes Labour leader Keir Starmer, former prime minister David Cameron and BBC presenter Huw Edwards.Russia’s ‘stop list’ was shared by the Russian foreign ministry on Monday in response to “London’s hostile course aimed at the demonising of our country and contributing to its international isolation”.A statement from the ministry added: “Given London’s destructive drive to spin the sanctions flywheel on far-fetched and absurd pretexts, work on expanding the Russian stop list will continue.”It didn’t take long for Piers to speak out about the ban and he joked that Vladimir Putin must have seen his recent Uncensored interview with Volodymyr Zelensky. READ MORE:‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' In view of his 1.9m Instagram followers, he shared a screenshot of the list and quipped: “Putin took my Zelensky interview well.”In a separate message to his Twitter fans, the presenter also jibed: “[Russia] wasn’t on my immediate vacation to-do list." Huw Edwards also took to Twitter to make light of his inclusion on the ‘stop list’.He said jovially: “Huw’ve been banned! I made the Kremlin cut (39/39),” alongside the Welsh and Ukrainian flag. The news comes after President Zelensky and his wife Olena appeared on Piers Morgan Uncensored last week.During the chat, Piers asked Mr Zelensky whether he was worried about the future of Ukraine’s relationship with the UK when Boris Johnson steps down.He confessed that he “worries a lot” about Mr Johnson leaving Downing Street because his “personal relationship with Boris accelerated the level of British support”.Mr Zelensky added that he hopes the next Prime Minister will “help Ukraine in the same way that Boris did”. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host[INSIGHT]Harry Gration's funeral: BBC star laid to rest as fans flood streets[LATEST]'Only me' Linda Robson on Loose Women absence from Stacey's wedding[NEWS] Piers also hosted the First Lady Of Ukraine’s Summit last week, which he said was a “great honour”.Sharing photographs of the event on Twitter, the journalist wrote: “Great honour to host the First Lady of Ukraine’s Summit of First Ladies & Gentlemen in Kyiv, featuring many world leaders & celebrities incl President Zelensky.  “Thanks for inviting me @olenazelenska_official - an unforgettable experience. Slava Ukraini!”