When Durham Police decided last month that Sir Keir Starmer had no case to answer for the beergate lockdown breaking allegations (even though Boris Johnson had been fined for just eating cake on his birthday) there were plenty of MPs who breathed a sigh of relief that he would not have to fulfil his promise and resign as Labour leader. The problem is that virtually all those MPs breathing a sigh of relief were Tories defending marginals against Labour. As well we know, with Starmer secure in his position, it was Mr Johnson who found himself forced out by his own MPs after the Chris Pincher sexual assault allegations and, of course, a Tory leadership campaign ensued. But everything that has happened since has suggested that the wrong party is holding a fight for who should be leader - certainly from the perspective of the two sets of party members. Let us first look at the unmitigated anger from Conservative Party members over the demise of Boris Johnson at the hands of the party’s MPs. The success of Lord Cruddas’s petition to put Boris Johnson back on the ballot - 16,000 party members and counting - tells its own story. That’s one in 10 of the estimated membership and, according to Lord Cruddas, enough to potentially force a rule change in the Conservative Party - a genuine revolution. It is certainly a line which is repeated on message boards as well as the comment sections of Express.co.uk. How can a man who won a mandate from thousands of party members and then 14 million British voters just three years ago be forced out by a handful of bitter MPs? This after getting Brexit done, successfully taking the UK through the pandemic and then uniting a reluctant international community to support Ukraine after Russia’s invasion. As his supporters so often say, “he got the big calls right.” But on the other side of the aisle, we have the tale of Angela Rayner’s boyfriend and the fatal attraction with picket lines. READ MORE: Starmer losing grip as top team revolts on strike demand When Sam Tarry joined rail workers on  the picket line last week as a frontbench spokesman for transport it was a direct challenge to Starmer’s authority as leader. Shadow ministers had been banned from the picket line and Mr Tarry, who is facing a deselection battle in Ilford South from hard left members who think he has sold out, was not ready to toe the line. He may have thought his well publicised relationship with Labour’s deputy leader may provide some protection but apparently the last straw was when he gave unauthorised press interviews and appeared to make up new policies. It is worth noting that the original ban earlier in the summer had been for all MPs but this had already proven impossible to maintain as Corbynistas joined the picket lines in numbers. DON'T MISS 'Don't be surprised at Tories springing a leadership contest shock' [INSIGHT] Truss, Sunak, Starmer or Rayner? - Who do YOU trust to govern the UK? [REACT] Liz Truss gaining ground in polls while Rishi Sunak trails [REVEAL] But Tarry was not the end of the affair and his sacking had turned him into something of a martyr for many lefties in the Labour movement. It was worth noting that, as this row exploded, Ms Rayner gave an interview about how she could be Prime Minister. Cue, Lisa Nandy, the shadow levelling-up secretary and a genuine leadership contender, joining the Communication Workers Union on a picket line. She has not been sacked yet, quite possibly because it would trigger a leadership contest. The reality is that Labour members and many Labour MPs want Starmer out. They calculate that after all the turmoil the Tories have been through the only thing that keeps the Conservatives in the contest is Starmer’s weak leadership. Contrast Starmer with Johnson and the latter is a proven electoral winner. He twice won in London which is dominated by Labour, and delivered a whacking 80 seat majority in 2019 (the biggest majority since Margaret Thatcher in 1987) three years before Tory MPs turfed her out by coincidence. In a world where a 2016 Remianer Liz Truss is the Brexiteer champion in a Tory leadership against a 2016 Leaver Rishi Sunak we can all accept the world has been turned on its head. But could it be that part of the topsy turvy political goings on in the summer of 2022 is that the wrong party has ended up with a leadership contest? We may not need to wait for the next election result to get an answer.