The UK faced extreme heat earlier this month sparking hosepipe bans and drought in parts of the country, before being lashed by thunderstorms this week. And weather maps suggest more rain is on the way from Thursday ahead of the bank holiday weekend. A map by WX Charts shows wet weather moving in on Thursday across much of the south of the country. Another map shows a swathe of England and Wales forecast rain on Friday as Brits look forward to a three-day weekend. And further rain is expected on Saturday for a large chunk of Scotland, England and Wales in what could be a bank holiday washout, a third weather map shows. It comes as the Met Office has warned of the risk of thunderstorms in the South East on Thursday. A map by WX charts shows a storm is forecast to move in from the South Coast on Friday. It comes as more unsettled weather is expected next week following the recent heatwave. Looking ahead to Tuesday to Thursday, the Met Office said: "Often unsettled with showers or longer spells of rain the west and north. "Drier elsewhere, and very warm, perhaps hot, for parts of the southeast. "Risk of thunderstorms here Thursday." There will be possible downpours across parts of England tomorrow along with some brighter spells. It is expected to be warm and humid in the south of the country. It comes after there were 26,718 lightning strikes over the UK between Sunday and Wednesday. The stormy weather, which prompted amber and yellow warnings, followed the latest heatwave. Despite the recent days of rain and thunderstorms, Thames Water, which supplies 15 million people in London, became the latest water company to announce a hosepipe ban which will come into effect from August 24. The firm joins Welsh Water, Southern Water and South East Water in implementing bans, with South West Water and Yorkshire Water following suit on August 23 and 26 respectively - meaning more than 29.4 million customers across the UK will be prohibited from using hosepipes by the end of next week. Last month marked the driest July in England for 50 years as the mercury soared above 40C for the first time on record. 