Royal editor Russell Myers joined Christine Lampard on ITV’s Lorraine to discuss the latest royal news. The journalist questioned the decision to allow Prince Andrew to keep his taxpayer-funded protection while previously denying Prince Harry the same right.    Russell began: “Prince Andrew who has left the Royal Family in disgrace is still getting his royal protection. “Now this is a recent decision by the executive committee who made that same decision to take away Prince Harry’s [protection]. “Now one may argue, what is the sense in doing that? “It’s costing the British taxpayer between £500,000 and £3million to protect this man who has had to step away in disgrace.” Read more: Royal Family 'worried' over Prince Harry's 'explosive' memoir  “You may ask what on earth he is doing for that money?” Russel questioned. “He’s not doing any public engagements. “He still thinks there is a way back to public life, I imagine he’s probably the only person in the world who thinks that is possible and yet this decision has been made. “So I think Prince Harry will be mentioning this at his next high court event or certainly his lawyers will take some interest.”    Christine interjected: “That’s a huge amount of money, isn’t it?” “It’s a staggering amount of money,” Russell agreed. The Lorraine host pointed out the sum seems even greater considering Andrew isn’t “doing much” or “going anywhere”. “He’s not doing anything!” Russell exclaimed. “We see him riding the Queen’s horses every now and then but he’s certainly not doing any public events. DON'T MISSMadonna slammed by Ranvir Singh over bizarre new look 'I'm bamboozled' [VIDEO]Strictly Come Dancing star issues warning to new contestants [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh apologises for 'rude' Beth Mead comment  [INTERVIEW]    “The public’s opinion weighs heavily on this case and maybe we’ll see a revisiting of this.” The Duke of York’s Metropolitan Police and Home Office security detail was reviewed after he was stripped of his HRH title and exiled as a working royal. The Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures (RAVEC) agreed the Duke was still entitled to round-the-clock police protection, as reported by the Daily Telegraph. The ruling was made by the same committee that denied Harry and his family automatic protection whenever he’s in the UK.    Meanwhile, Harry is currently in a legal battle to receive police protection for him and his family during their visits to the UK. In February 2020, the RAVEC removed Harry’s automatic right to UK police security. Earlier this year, the Duke of Sussex won the right to challenge this decision. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.   