On Tuesday’s episode of This Morning, the presenters spoke to guests Camilla Tominey and Nick Fararri regarding Meghan’s interview. During the segment, the royal expert touched on The Duchess of Sussex’s comments on forgiveness and the relationship between Harry and The Cambridge’s One part of Meghan’s talk with The Cut asks whether or not she’ll forgive both her father and the royal family. The Duchess of Sussex claimes she that believes forgiveness is important as it takes a lot of energy not doing so. Speaking about her comments on This Morning, Camilla touched on how she believes both Prince William and Kate Middleton are seeing the situation. She said: “The problem from The Cambridges perspective, as far as I can understand it and as Nick rightly said there, these princes are not really on speaking terms still.  “It's because, The Cambridges feel that there’s been no acknowledgement of the hurt caused by Oprah, or interviews like this. “So this whole idea of there being some kind of rapprochement. “How can that happen when somebody keeps on sort of like, needling the wound?” Giving her opinions on Meghan and Harry, host Rochelle credited them both saying they’re keeping themselves to themselves and living the lives that they wanted  However, the ITV host added that when things like this come out, people stop and think that it is a little bit odd. Vernon then questioned the royal expert and wanted to know why she believed that Meghan keeps doing these interviews. He remarked: “Why are we always bombarded with Meghan’s opinions and Meghan’s views of what’s happened inside Buckingham Palace?   “If they want to go away, why don’t they just go away?” Saying he meant it in the kindest possible way, Camilla commented that there are multi-million dollar reasons why they’re not being quiet. She said: “They’ve got a lot of deals with Netflix and Spotify, they’ve got to justify those. “She’s got this podcast out, Archetypes, which she’s done one episode with Serna Williams.”   Interrupting, Vernon mentioned that it is a contradiction that Meghan and Harry moved to America for peace and privacy yet continue to do interviews. “Because it wasn’t just for peace or privacy was it? It was for commercial reasons. “I don‘t know why we all skirt around this issue. This is the elephant in the room. They went there to make more money.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am. 