In March 2021, Prince Harry and Meghan sat down with Oprah Winfrey and shared some bombshell claims during a two-hour televised chat. The interview was met with widespread criticism and now, Prince Harry has been warned against releasing an Oprah-style book, filled with similar tell-all allegations. According to The Daily Beast's royal correspondent Tom Sykes, who spoke on Royally Us, releasing such information in his upcoming memoir is "not the way to go". Speaking of the Oprah interview, Mr Sykes said: "I think, frankly, it made them look petty." He added: "It's an old thing, isn't it, when somebody starts, you know, slagging off somebody to you, you tend to think, well come on mate. "You didn't get the worst deal of hands in life ever." Mr Sykes continued: "I think, if he's smart, he will realise that, you know, that is not the way to go and focus, very much, more on himself." READ MORE: 'It's essential, fact!' Backlash grows over Harry and Meghan UK row as 'privileges lost' Mr Sykes noted in the Oprah interview and the Apple documentary, Harry and Meghan "went for Charles". The couple stepped down as senior royals just over two years ago, and have since distanced themselves far from the monarchy. Since their royal exit, the Sussexes have made various controversial comments towards The Firm. During the controversial interview with Oprah, Meghan told the American host that, prior to his birth, there were "concerns" over the colour of their son Archie's skin. READ MORE: Queen's aide may be 'one of reasons' Harry is keen for right people to surround monarch Following Meghan’s allegation, Harry claimed it is a conversation he is "never going to share", before adding that he was "shocked". Meghan also shared she had suffered with her mental health during her time in The Firm. She also revealed that she had suffered "suicidal thoughts". She alleged that, after speaking out about her personal struggles, she was denied help by The Firm. DON'T MISS The pair also claimed a rift had developed between Prince Harry and his father, Prince Charles. The Duke claimed at one point his father had cut him off financially and had also "stopped taking my calls". The couple now live in the US with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. READ NEXT: