Cleaning enthusiasts have shared a simple household solution for ousting flies using vinegar. Fans of cleaning pro Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have been sharing their cleaning hacks on social media groups. On one such group, Facebook user Amie O’hanlon asked fellow cleaning enthusiasts: “How do I keep flies out of the house?” The post received more than 230 comments and 44 likes from Mrs Hinch fans. The most common response was to use vinegar - either white vinegar, balsamic vinegar, or apple cider vinegar. Janet Thomas said: “Put a slice of white bread soaked in white vinegar inside the top of your bin. “I also put one outside my back door every day don’t know what it does but it works.” Moyra Elizabeth replied: “I have some little glass dessert dishes (or egg cups would do the same job) quarter filled with apple cider vinegar in the most fly-prone entrances. READ MORE: How to stop house flies invading your home using common herb - 'easy' “Absolute game changer. Not seen a flies/wasps anywhere in the house this year.” Cheryl Mallinson Parker wrote: “Vinegar, sugar and washing up liquid in a ramekin dish. “Fill with warm water so the sugar dissolves and leave on window sill or worktop, fruit flies are attracted to it and plunge right in.” Helen Edwards said: “Balsamic vinegar in a bowl with some water. DON'T MISSHow to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat without watering [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [UPDATE]Hosepipe ban 2022 exemptions in full [ANALYSIS] “I have it in my kitchen all the time, never have them in my house.” Suzanne Michelle Monks suggested: “Citronella candles and a glass with apple cider vinegar with cling film over the top with small holes in it.” Myra Beaton said: “Get a tub, put apple cider vinegar, a spot of Fairy liquid and cover with cling film and put holes in it.” Nicola Watkins replied: “Keep on hearing soaking a piece of bread in vinegar? Trying it in the morning.” It’s thought that flies don’t like the scent of vinegar which is why they stay away from it. Vinegar can be found in most homes, but for those who don’t have any, it’s fairly cheap to buy. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs 89p from The Range. Tesco Distilled Vinegar can be bought for as little as 32p. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sainsbury's Malt Vinegar costs just 45p while Tesco’s costs 32p. Morrisons Cider Vinegar is available to purchase for just £1. Tesco Balsamic Vinegar Of Modena also costs £1. Other suggestions for getting rid of flies from the house included using pennies in a bag of water, basil, lavender, eggs and citronella oil. Honey Eagle said: “We found by putting a few pennies in water inside of a bag and having it hanging above a doorframe or by your front door tends to keep them away. “We put one up yesterday and haven’t seen a fly since.” Pammie May suggested: “All you need is a basil plant in a pot. Put it near an open kitchen window. “Have had one fly in three weeks as they hate the smell of basil. And I live in the country.” Cora O'Dwyer said: “Window stickers are the best, they attract the flies and then they die. “They don’t smell at all, last over six months. Highly recommended.” Katherine Mckenna wrote: “Lavender flowers keep moths and flies out and other bugs. They don’t like the strong scent.” Jennifer Edwards replied: “I saw a tip on how to catch them when in the house. “Get a bottle like a plastic coke one, pop holes on the plastic neck big enough for flies to get in. “Break an egg inside then add water. Flies will go in and die.” Fiona Burgess said: “I bought a little plastic bottle and filled it with tap water and 10 drops of citronella oil. “Shake before I spray daily, use on door and window frames and has worked a treat for me and it doesn't upset my dogs.” Cheryl Pendreigh suggested: “I light my lavender candle - seems to work.”