This week, in part, has been like any other week. We are still having to live through our usual daily bread of ongoing crises that are: the general cost of living; gas and energy prices, heatwave induced drama and the general political goings on. But this week, as a nation, we have been in collective mourning for Archie Battersbee, whom I send heartfelt condolences and of course, Dame Olivia Newton-John, who I first met with my sisters back in 1974 on the Cliff Richard series we did. In the midst of all that, former Eastenders actress Samantha Janus announced she has breast cancer and NOW, the shocking news that there is a life threatening backlog of cancer cases in our health system. Earlier this week, Newsnight did a report on a woman called Caroline Boulton, who now has stage four cancer. Caroline, 56, from Manchester, had several appointments for a routine mammogram, to detect early signs of cancer, which were cancelled because of Covid, in March and November 2020. In late 2021, she found a small lump, went to her GP and was referred urgently to a specialist. She waited three weeks, instead of the recommended two to see a consultant and by the time she saw her consultant, she says her limo was the size of a tangerine. Once she saw her consultant, she was told her cancer was growing quickly, but it would be eight weeks before a mastectomy could be scheduled to remove her breast. The fact she had to undergo a mastectomy so early on, is already a damming insight as to how severe and progressed the cancer was. Following their investigation, Newsnight discovered 327,395 people are on England's cancer waiting list; nearly 40,000 have been waiting more than 62 days after a GP referral for suspected cancer and the number waiting more than 104 days, has doubled since June 2021, to over 10,000. I was asked to appear on Newsnight on Wednesday, to talk about the impact these backlogs will have on patients, how frightened people on the waiting list will be and of course, the importance of early intervention. Waiting for the results of a cancer scan is one of the most frightening moments of your life and it is dragged out over weeks. Anger and fear are the core emotions that dominate your whole being. Patients have been let down and it’s extremely unforgivable. You should not have to shout the loudest to be noticed. Of course we were in a global health crisis with COVID, but the world was still turning and life still went on, albeit in a restricted form. People still got sick. We have gone from one public health crisis to another and nothing seems to be done about it. Now this is not an attack on the doctors, nurses and other frontline medical staff. This is an attack on the Government, who have been rigorously underfunding the NHS for years. Frontline workers have been carrying the weight of the world and it is horrifying but understandable and unsurprising that they are struggling now more than ever. The only way the NHS can at all catch up with this backlog is what we have all been saying for a very long time - pay medical staff decent wages and give them fair working conditions. For example, my NHS hospital in Blackpool has a wonderful Breast Cancer Centre, a Macmillan unit and an oncology & Haematology day unit, but the biggest problem is shortage of staff. This is not an unfamiliar occurrence, it is the same at every other health facility across the country. If staff were paid and treated properly, we would not have such huge shortages and waiting lists would not be in the hundreds of thousands. As I have said before, Cancer will not wait. So why is the government? Downing Street, please, do the right thing. 