Chelsea have been warned that Leicester City will not risk leaving themselves short-handed by selling Wesley Fofana late in the transfer window - meaning the Blues may have only a few days to do a deal. Foxes manager Brendan Rodgers left out the centre-back in their 2-1 defeat against Southampton after agreeing that he had become distracted by the noise surrounding his future. The Blues have had two bids rejected by their Premier League counterparts, with Leicester unwilling to sell for anything less than £80million. That would make Fofana the joint-most expensive defender in history, equal with Harry Maguire, who was sold by Leicester following a similar saga three years ago. The west London outfit are reluctant to offer such an amount due to the pressure it would have on Fofana’s young shoulders. But they are expected to return with a third bid in the coming days, according to The Guardian, which could test Leicester’s resolve after watching the 21-year-old push for a move over the last week. Fofana has already agreed personal terms on a six-year deal with Thomas Tuchel’s side and their 3-0 defeat to Leeds only increased their urgent need to strengthen, despite spending nearly £200m on six new signings, after a woeful defensive display. READ MORE: Chelsea signing Man Utd's Maguire may see Lukaku wish come true But Rodgers has hinted time is running out for Chelsea to make them a bid they cannot refuse after already being left with a depleted squad, and seemingly ruled out a late sale in the transfer window as it would deny him the chance to find a replacement. “That’s the huge challenge,” Rodgers said, when asked about selling Fofana late on in the window. “If you do it last minute then you’re really in danger… already our squad is weaker than last season. “We don’t have Ademola Lookman here [his loan ended] and he was fantastic for us. You look at Ricardo Pereira [currently injured] not here. So, as time goes on of course, if you lose one of your best players and you can’t replace them with the quality, then it doesn’t make sense.” DON'T MISSChelsea put 'threat on the table' as talks with Barcelona hit a snagChelsea backed to sign perfect Aubameyang alternativeChelsea boss Tuchel hints at De Jong plan after Leeds loss Fofana was absent for one training session in the build-up to their 2-1 defeat at home on Saturday, although he was spotted sitting in the stands watching the game. He was also made to train away from the squad on his own in another session as speculation intensified over his future. Rodgers, who only weeks ago declared the Frenchman was staying at the King Power Stadium and was regarded as “not for sale”, has now offered no guarantee that Fofana will still be with the club beyond the August 31 deadline. “I’m not sure. It all depends on the player,” he added. “You can’t always say for definite how it’s going to be. “For some players when the window shuts it’s a good moment because they can totally focus on playing again and getting on with their careers. Some players may feel they have lost the opportunity of a dream. They may just never be the same, so that’s always the danger.”