It's not often you get something for nothing but that's exactly what Virgin Media is offering customers this weekend. The telecoms firm is dishing out free LG 4K TVs for free to anyone who signs up for certain bundles. This telly, which is worth £479, features a 43-inch Ultra HD screen and gets full smart features for easy access to services such as Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video. This deal has certainly made Virgin Media's best deals even better but the offer ends tomorrow, August 7. If getting a free telly doesn't sound enticing then don't panic as this isn't all Virgin is offering new customers. There's also £200 bill credit up for grabs which can be used to reduce the monthly bills. So, how do you get the free TV or £200 cashback? Both of these deals are available on bundles including Bigger + Sports and Bigger + Movies plans. These packages feature the usual standard channels plus premium Sky services and full broadband access. Want even more? The deal is also available on the Ultimate Volt bundle which offers even more bang for your buck. Virgin's Ultimate plan offers over 230 channels including Sky Sports and Cinema along with blisteringly quick 1Gbps broadband and an unlimited O2 SIM for your smartphone. There's also free anytime calls so you can ring friends and family and not pay a penny extra. BEST VIRGIN MEDIA DEALS Virgin Media Bigger Bundle + MoviesPRICE • £62EXTRAS • Free LG TV or £200 Bill CreditINCLUDES: M100 broadband • Sky Cinema • Over 200 TV channels • Talk WeekendTERMS: 18-month contract • £35 setup feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Virgin Media Bigger Bundle + SportsPRICE • £65EXTRAS • Free LG TV or £200 Bill CreditINCLUDES: M100 broadband • Sky Sports • Over 200 TV channels • Talk WeekendTERMS: 18-month contract • £35 setup feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Virgin Media Ultimate Volt BundlePRICE • £85EXTRAS • Free LG TV or £200 Bill CreditINCLUDES: Gig1 broadband • Sky Cinema and Sports • Over 230 TV channels • Talk Anytime • Free Unlimited SIMTERMS: 18-month contract • £35 setup feeSEE THE DEAL HERE It's not just Virgin Media that dishing out the freebies this month. Sky has also just announced an offer that is giving customers access to Superfast broadband without paying a penny for the privilege. This deal includes access to the firm's 60Mbps speeds with the free internet lasting for the first three months of the 18-month contract. “At Sky Broadband we're committed to offering great value, while keeping you connected to the things you love," said Aman Bhatti, Director of Propositions. "Our summer of free broadband will help to save our customers money, whilst also making sure our broadband works harder, with our new Wall to Wall Wi-Fi guarantee. We know this is a difficult time for households and these changes are just the first step in supporting our customers at this time."