Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has hinted at a transfer U-turn by suggesting the Reds could delve back into the market to solve their problem midfield area before the summer window closes at the start of September. The German is currently without midfield trio Thiago, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Curtis Jones, who are all sidelined through injury. “The thing is, it is easy for us to bring a midfielder in, but it is not so easy to bring the right midfielder in,” Klopp said ahead of his side’s Premier League clash with Crystal Palace on Monday night. “There are money reasons and contractual reasons which, most of the time, go hand-in-hand. “It's not that we deny signing a player if we have a problem with injuries, for example. But it is a complete different situation to the beginning of the pre-season when everybody told me we needed a new midfielder and that was about the kind of midfielder. “That is a completely different discussion. We didn't need a different kind of midfielder but if the right midfielder would have been available, we would have gone then as well. READ MORE: PSG 'have Mbappe plan' for Rashford which may have big impact on Messi    “Now the situation has changed slightly - we have more injuries, that's true. But it can still only be about the right [player] and that is not easy. It is nothing to do with that it is now August already and at the end of August, the transfer window closes. “It's just because it is 2022 and people have contracts until 2024, 2025 or 2026. That's the situation and that's why we have to be calm and sort our problems with the boys we have. It's all about solutions and only one of these solutions is the transfer market - all the other solutions are here.” DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already   Klopp bolstered his squad earlier this summer as he signed striker Darwin Nunez from Benfica, winger Fabio Carvalho from Fulham and right-back Calvin Ramsay from Aberdeen. But he was unable to strengthen his side in the middle of the pitch. And he could be left to rue his lack of midfield additions should his team suffer more injury setbacks in the position. Liverpool were held to a 2-2 draw by Fulham on the opening weekend of the new season as they were twice forced to come from behind to rescue a point. And Klopp will be desperate for his side to get their first victory on the board on Monday night when they welcome Patrick Vieira’s Crystal Palace to Anfield. 