Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp made a dig at Newcastle after claiming his side got a "perfect" win over the Magpies following Eddie Howe's side's timewasting. New Toon signing Alexander Isak put the visitors ahead in the first half before Roberto Firmino equalised in the second half and Fabio Carvalho scored a last-gasp equaliser in the 98th minute as the Reds sealed all three points in front of a jubilant Anfield crowd. Klopp hailed a "perfect" way to win a game of football as he smiled when asked about the late timewasting by the visitors. "It was the perfect moment to win this game," Klopp told BT Sport. "It was difficult, it was passionate, they were aggressive. It's difficult to pick up rhythm. We looked a bit desperate in situations in that first half. We had to stay calm. "This is the best way to win a football game. I think that we scored after 90+8 is the perfect response. I'm really happy about that. His [Carvalho's] second goal and he's only been here for a few weeks. He's a fantastic boy - he is very important for us. He needed the moments and the goals help the most. We will remember this game for years and years. "I'm not sure everyone believed we could do it at the end but tonight we showed we could still do it. We have another problem with Hendo [Jordan Henderson]. It's his hamstring. That is not helpful." Liverpool winner Carvalho explained his late strike. "I was just there in the right area and happily it fell for me," Carvalho told BT Sport. "Look at this [the crowd], what else do you expect? They kept us going and it’s just amazing to be here. "To be fair, in our DNA we just keep going and we showed that today through the fans. They helped us so much and I just want to say thank you to them because without them this wouldn’t be possible. We stuck to the gameplan, kept pushing and finally got the goal and well deserved three points."  Liverpool icon Steve McManaman admitted that Klopp's side "got away with one" as they were made to wait to claim the win. "Very very nervy start from Liverpool," McManaman told BT Sport. "I thought Newcastle were excellent in their plan, it almost paid off. "I thought the backline of Newcastle was brilliant today and they just got undone by a little bit of fortune. Liverpool kept it alive and it fell to Fabio Carvalho who finished it really, really well. They were quite dominant set-piece-wise Newcastle and Liverpool got away with one today." Liverpool next make the short journey to Goodison Park to take on local rivals Everton on Saturday, as they look to close the five-point gap to champions Manchester City.