Co-presenter Ben Thompson pointed out a stark north-south divide ahead of a sweltering heatwave approaching the UK this week. Weather presenter Carol Kirkwood revealed her fears about the potentially devastating effects of the hot days ahead as she laid out the week for BBC Breakfast viewers. Carol expressed her concerns about the minimal rainfall hitting the south in the days ahead. Breakfast presenter Ben highlighted a huge difference between the north of the UK, which received around 245mm of rain last month. She told Ben and Sally Nugent: “To see another prolonged heatwave - and this one’s going to last at least this week, anyway - it is really worrying, actually.” Ben added: “You really do get a sense in that first map you showed us, Carol.” READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist “With the north-south divide, as far as rainfall is concerned. And that really does illustrate just the difference, doesn’t it.” Carol pointed out the northwest of the UK had received considerable rainfall in the last month, compared to almost nothing for the south. “As we come further south - no rainfall,” she explained, pointing to the map. “And other parts of the south have had just 0.4 of a millimeter, the Isle of Wight’s had 0.2 of a millimeter in places, as well." “So really, we’re sadly lacking rain. You don’t need me to tell you that, you just need to look out the window and you’ll see that yourself.” The weather presenter was clearly worried about another dangerous increase of temperatures across the country over the coming days. While the heat won’t reach the dizzying heights of last month’s highs of 40 degrees, some parts of the UK will reach a peak of 35 degrees by Friday and Saturday. Britons are being urged not to hot BBQs this weekend, with fears sky lanterns and fireworks could cause major fires. DON'T MISS:Queer as Folk 2022 boss receives blessing from Russell T Davies [EXCLUSIVE]The Sandman creators explain Constantine gender-swap [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Kim Wexler WILL reappear [THEORY] Carol also expressed concerns for her garden as the UK continues to experience high heat and minimal rainfall. Sally asked her: “And I know Carol, at the moment, things are really tricky for people like you who love their garden.” “I know, that’s very true Sal,” Carol told her colleague. “My garden’s soil is very much like powder, it’s like dust now. Everything is burnt.” “Of course, there’s a huge issue with the reservoirs around this, as well.” The Met Office has urged Britons to stay out of the midday sun and stay in the shade as the heatwave rolls over the next seven to 10 days. Temperatures have already reached the high 20s in some areas, and will only increase over the second week of an unusually dry August. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.