Manchester United are hoping a new offer with an ‘improved structure of payments’ can lead the club into signing Antony, according to reports. Erik ten Hag previously managed the Brazil international at Ajax, where he helped to develop the 22-year-old. And he’s hoping he’ll be reunited with the forward by the time the transfer window slams shut at the beginning of next month. Manchester United are eyeing Antony at a time where Ten Hag is determined to strengthen the squad. The Brazil international scored eight goals and clocked up four assists in the Eredivisie last term, further enhancing his reputation as one of the best young players on the planet. And though United have struggled to get a deal for Antony over the line, despite pushing all summer, they remain optimistic they’ll be able to secure his signature. According to Sky Sports, the Red Devils believe an ‘improved structure of payments’ can lead to the Samba star making the move to Old Trafford. United had a £67.9million bid for the forward rejected earlier in the week. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd And due to the fact they’re reluctant to increase their offer, they’re hopeful their newest plan will prove to be acceptable to Ajax. It is noted, however, that they’re prepared to walk away from a deal ‘if the numbers are too high’ with two other targets being lined up. United are admirers of PSV Eindhoven star Cody Gakpo, who scored 12 goals and registered 12 assists in the Eredivisie last season. The 23-year-old is believed to be worth around £35m, making him an affordable signing from the Red Devils’ perspective. And United are also keeping tabs on Christian Pulisic’s situation, too, with the Chelsea star struggling for regular action under Thomas Tuchel. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already As well as Antony, the Red Devils are hoping to make more signings as the clock ticks down. They want a new goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, with links to Tim Krul, Yann Sommer and Dan Bachmann all arising in recent days. A right-back is being targeted at a time where the club are open to offers for the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams. And, despite agreeing a fee with Real Madrid for Casemiro, the Red Devils are refusing to throw in the towel when it comes to their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong. If United do sign Antony, he’ll become the latest Brazilian to turn out for the club. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, United had the likes of Kleberson, Anderson, Rafael and Fabio Da Silva and Rodrigo Possebon on their books. In 2018, United signed another Brazilian in Fred - paying £52m to beat Manchester City to the signature of the Samba star. And, just two years ago, the Red Devils landed Alex Telles - who is spending the season on loan at Sevilla. Meanwhile, regarding Antony, the Brazil international recently hailed Ten Hag for the impact he’s had on his career. And he also backed the 52-year-old to get United firing on all cylinders again, having lost their opening two Premier League matches to Brighton and Brentford. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Erik has been super important to me," Antony said. "I am grateful to him and wish him all the best. I will always cheer for Erik after working so closely together. "I have not been able to celebrate or cheer for him as he got no points yet. “I couldn't until now anyway and that makes me sad. But knowing Erik, I am convinced that he will turn the tide soon. “Manchester United will improve at his hand. At his previous clubs he has proven that his method works." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here