The Tory Party is currently selecting who should replace Boris Johnson as its leader and Prime Minister. Ex-Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss are fighting for votes among around 160,000 members. However, the victor will enter Number 10 during torrid economic times and inherit a difficult electoral hand. Professor Matthew Goodwin claimed the Conservative Party could be in a position which could lead to a "complete electoral wipeout". Mr Goodwin, who co-wrote National Populism: The Revolt Against Liberal Democracy, said: "Britain's Conservative Party is now averaging 31.8 percent. "This is John Major in 1997 territory. Or William Hague in 2001. JUST IN: ‘It's tough’ Rishi Sunak hints he would REJECT core Cabinet role if Truss wins "The party is now in the fast lane toward a complete electoral wipeout." John Major, who replaced the three-time election winner Margaret Thatcher in 1990, returned just 165 MPs to the House of Commons when Tony Blair emerged victorious in 1997. In 2001, when Mr Blair went to the country for a second time, William Hague only managed to make one net gain. However, an ex-Downing Street pollster has suggested the situation could yet be salvageable for the next Tory Party leader. James Johnson, who co-founded JL Partners, said: "It's also August 2019 territory or spring 2013 territory." Despite trailing in both 2019 and 2013, Boris Johnson and David Cameron managed to command majorities in the Commons at the general elections which followed. Britain Elects currently predicts Labour would emerge as the largest party if a general election was held today. Sir Keir Starmer's party would end up returning 295 MPs, compared to just 257 for the Conservative Party. DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak allies claim ex-Chancellor can defy Liz Truss' poll lead [REPORT]Sunak mocked for tragic ‘underdog’ ad of him holding a bazooka  [INSIGHT]Boris allies condemn ‘kangaroo court’ probe into claims PM misled PMs [REVEAL] However, the Liberal Democrats would also make around a dozen gains, taking their overall total to 23 MPs. The SNP, which has already warned it will fight the next election on a pro-independence ticket, is projected to win 50 out of 59 seats north of the border. Fellow nationalists Plaid Cymru would win five seats and the Green Party would retain its sole seat in Brighton Pavillion.