Manchester United are set to launch a final contract offer to Frenkie de Jong as they look to sign the 25-year-old, according to reports. Many thought the Red Devils’ pursuit of the Barcelona star was over after they agreed a £60million deal with Real Madrid for Casemiro earlier in the week. However, it seems like they’re refusing to give up on the Netherlands international despite a potential deal being far from straightforward. Manchester United moved to sign Casemiro earlier in the week, with the Red Devils set to pay £60m for the Brazil international and hand him a four year contract with an option of a further year. And it’s since emerged they’re still hopeful of landing De Jong from Barcelona, too. Reports on Saturday said that United would go ‘all guns blazing’ in the final weeks of the transfer window as they look to turn their season around, having already suffered nightmare defeats against the likes of Brighton and Brentford. Now, Sport have cited those reports and also added their own information by saying United are willing to make one last contract offer to De Jong. Though the Red Devils have agreed a fee with Barcelona for the 25-year-old, which is believed to be worth an overall £72m, that offer has apparently expired. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd But United aren’t giving up on De Jong and are still hopeful they’ll be able to bring the Netherlands international in before the transfer window shuts on September 1. Previously, the Glazers have appeared hesitant to splash the cash. Yet with Erik ten Hag calling on them to bolster the squad, both privately and publicly, then it seems like the Americans are primed to bankroll a late spending spree. De Jong has, to this point, been reluctant to leave Barcelona for United - especially given how the Red Devils can’t provide him with Champions League football. He’s settled at the Nou Camp and always dreamed of playing for the La Liga giants as a child, which has only strengthened his desire to stay at the club. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already And whether United end up finally striking gold in their attempts to recruit De Jong is something only time will tell. He’s not the only player on their radar at the current moment in time, with Ten Hag also looking to bolster his ranks in other areas as well. United want a back-up goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, who has endured a shaky start to the campaign. Everton shot-stopper Asmir Begovic has emerged as one potential option, while the club have also been linked with Borussia Monchengladbach star Yann Sommer. Tim Krul, of Norwich City, is another option. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United want to land a new right-back, too, at a time where Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams have both been put up for sale. Sergino Dest of Barcelona, and Vanderson of Monaco, are both believed to be under consideration as the Red Devils eye somebody to challenge Diogo Dalot. And United also have interest in Cody Gakpo and Antony, of PSV Eindhoven and Ajax respectively, as they look to add to their attacking options. Meanwhile, regarding Casemiro, former Liverpool star Didi Hamann has warned supporters the 30-year-old ‘isn’t the answer’ to their midfield woes. Speaking to The Mirror, he said: “Casemiro is a great player - you only have to look at what he has won at Madrid. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “But he isn’t going to United to win the league, is he? We’re only two games into the season and it’s already obvious that United aren’t going to be anywhere near the title race. “They are years behind Liverpool and Manchester City - and they are losing ground on Chelsea, Tottenham and Arsenal as well. “Signing Casemiro is a small step forward - but he’s not the answer. “It is going to take years and years of backing Erik ten Hag in the transfer market before United are challenging for the big trophies again. “But that’s been obvious since [Sir Alex] Ferguson retired - and look at how many managers they have sacked in the process.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here