Toyah (played by Georgia Taylor) has been accused of deliberately causing Imran's (Charlie de Melo) death which resulted from a car crash in a vehicle she had been driving while furious with her husband. Around the same time, Toyah's eco-warrior ex and Coronation Street favourite Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) returned to the cobbles. The old flames have since been growing close again, but as Toyah gets herself into further trouble in upcoming episodes of the ITV soap, Imran's mother Saira Habeeb (Kim Vithana) might choose to take revenge by accusing Toyah of killing Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) following a protest that goes wrong. Official spoilers reveal Toyah, Roy Cropper (David Neilson) and Nina Lucas (Mollie Gallagher) will warn Carla Connor (Alison King) about a planned protest and urge her to take a closer look at new dodgy businessman Nadeem Atallah's (name not released anywhere yet) practices. With the protest underway, Nadeem arrives at the factory, where Carla is apologetic as she confirms that the deal is off. The police arrive but as Craig urges the protestors to disperse, extreme activist Griff (Michael Condron) rallies the crowd. As Carla and Nadeem emerge, Spider watches in horror as Griff pulls out a bottle and hurls it, hitting Craig on the head. Griff’s arrested whilst a terrified Toyah finds herself caught up in the melée. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit Later, Carla is unimpressed to see Griff chatting with Toyah. Griff lies and asserts that he wasn’t the one who threw the bottle, insisting he doesn’t condone that sort of behaviour. Carla’s concerns increase when she finds Griff lecturing Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) about his conspiracy theory on big pharma companies. She soon makes it clear that she disapproves of him fraternising with troublemaker Griff. Saira then finds Toyah in the street and accuses her of murdering Imran so that she could be with her new boyfriend. Toyah assures her that her accusations aren't true, but Griff steps in as Saira refuses to let it go. He suggests they teach Saira a lesson by letting the tyres down on her gas-guzzling car. Spider warns Toyah that with her trial looming, she’d best not get involved, especially when Griff shows Spider a petrol canister and suggests they torch Saira’s car instead. Spider begs Toyah to cut ties with Griff, revealing he’s in love with her and his marriage is over. As they kiss on the balcony, agreeing to keep their relationship under wraps until after the trial, a furious Saira stares up at them. DON'T MISS... Fastest Finger First viewers blast 'pointless' new Millionaire spinoff [REACTION]Aidan Turner in sweet tribute to The Suspect co-stars [LATEST]Aidan Turner details scary The Suspect stunt [EXCLUSIVE] Craig's injury could turn out to be worse than originally thought, and the blow to the head might end up being fatal. If this is the case, police will be determined to catch the person who threw the bottle. More furious than ever and convinced Toyah killed Imran, Saira might lie to officers and claim she saw Toyah throwing the item which killed Craig. Although Spider saw Griff doing it, it's unlikely anyone would take his word because Saira will probably reveal the two are now romantically involved. With Imran's trial looming and her reputation being further destroyed by her participation in the protests, Toyah may not have a strong argument to prove her innocence. Even Toyah's sister Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) has had her suspicions about Spider and the consequences of him and Toyah getting back together. In a recent episode, Adam Barlow (Samuel Robertson) strolled into the Bistro and told Leanne: "I saw that Spider helping Toyah move her stuff out of her flat earlier, they look very cosy together." Sarcastically, she responded: "Well if you think that's bad I've heard that Adam Barlow fella has been with everyone. "Get this, he has even been with Peter Barlow's missus. "Oh sorry, would you like to stay and gossip about my sister, or did you actually want something?"  However, she was left concerned by the news and later confronted Spider about what he wanted with Toyah, telling him to grow up. With her sister believing Spider's influence will spell trouble for her, Toyah might not end up with anyone other than Spider on side to defend her. Could she end up in prison for murdering both Imran and Craig? It seems Saira might be willing to go to any lengths to avenge her son's death, and she sees Toyah's kiss with Spider as proof that it was a planned murder. With Griff denying throwing the bottle from the start, and Spider not coming forward, to begin with, to explain what he had witnessed, things aren't looking good for Toyah. Coronation Street continues on Wednesday at 8pm on ITV.