The BBC Breakfast host spoke with Kate Bell, head of economics, who believes the UK should be able to have an additional four Bank Holiday days. However, Sally Nugent and Jon Kay had to cut the interview short because of a technical blunder. The duo were unable to hear Kate as they appeared to suffer problems with the video link connection. Sally asked: "Don't you think that actually just talking about this at the moment when we're concentrating on things like the cost of living crisis, businesses, domestic fuel users are having their bills going through the roof? It just feels like it's the wrong time to talk about it." Kate hit back at the host, stating: "Unions are absolutely campaigning for better pay. "We've been calling for a freeze on energy bills and for increases in benefits immediately." However, as Kate tried to explain further, the screen seemed to freeze and her speech to the hosts was delayed. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview "Kate Bell from the Trade Union Congress," Sally interrupted as she cut the interview short. "I'm afraid we will have to leave it there as there seems to be a problem with the Wifi." Before the blunder, Sally quizzed Kate on why she felt more Bank Holiday days were needed in the UK. The hosts also pointed out that certain countries across the world get more Bank Holidays than the UK.   Sally said that Germany and Austria get 12, while Japan gets 16 Bank Holidays a year. "Kate Bell is from the Trades Union Congress and she joins us now, why does the UK need more bank holidays?" Sally asked. Kate was quick to reply: "Now every worker deserves a break and time to spend with their friends and family. "But as you've just been saying, Britain works some of the longest hours in Europe, [and] we get some of the fewest bank holidays. DON'T MISS...Arlene Foster slams Emily Maitlis' 'laughable' remark on BBC 'agenda [VIDEO]BBC backlash as Arctic Monkeys 'ban' live performance from airing [REACTION]Endeavour fans devastated as boss shares disappointing update [INSIGHT] "And so we're calling for us to be brought up to the EU average. "We'd like four extra bank holidays a year, and we think we should start a national conversation about where exactly we should put those holidays." "That was my next question," Sally chipped in as Kate replied: "I think you just talked about that break between now and Christmas where we don't get any. "So personally, I'd definitely put one in there, but we think there should be a big national conversation." The guest went on to explain there should be particular days that the UK will remember, giving the example of this year's Queen's Jubilee. However, Sally interrupted by talking about how much it would cost the government to give more Bank Holiday days. She questioned whether the government spending £13.6billion on additional days is what businesses need right now with the cost of living crisis going on. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.