Just like a new car, new build properties depreciate in price as soon as you move in, so you may not get your money back if you sell the property a short time after purchasing it. Making changes to increase the value of a brand new building is essential to get a good sale price, and it is incredibly easy to do by adjusting the interior style. From the colour of the walls to the type of flooring used throughout the house, there are plenty of small but effective changes you can make for “added appeal” to future buyers. According to the HomeOwners Alliance, a lot of the benefits of buying a new build disappear on the day you buy it and it is no longer “brand new”. They said: “This means a one-year-old property may fall in value as buyers look at the new builds popping up in the development across the road instead.” The alliance recommended that buyers who plan to sell new property in the few years after purchase should consider adding value to make it “more attractive to future buyers”, but what exactly can you do to achieve a higher sale price without settling for a dull, white-washed house in the meantime? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Alison Deakin, sales and marketing director for Cala Homes (Thames), said: “New build properties allow customers to enjoy their new home with a blank canvas, which makes for an easier starting point when it comes to interior design. “In 2022, interior themes that are strong selling points for future buyers include those with minimalistic styles and neutral and light colour palettes, such as Scandinavian-inspired designs, ‘Japandi’ décor and breezy coastal looks.” “Neutral décor is a popular trend that isn’t going anywhere soon.” The beauty of starting with a neutral new-build home is that there is plenty of opportunities to build on top of the existing surfaces. Features which accentuate a space are definitely something to go after for added value and a high-quality finish throughout your home. Alison explained that wall panelling detail and wooden flooring are both must-have’s to bring “added appeal” to your property. While panelling can be expensive to have custom-made and fitted, you can save money by cutting and installing your own MDF panels to create your desired look. DON'T MISS: Grow ‘vigorous’ lavender plants by avoiding three biggest mistakes [TIPS]Kitchen trends to ‘avoid’ for room to stay ‘timeless’ - ‘best options’ [EXPERT]I cleaned my greasy air fryer with a 10p cleaning hack [INSIGHT] You will need to follow a tutorial for this if you are a beginner, though there are plenty available online to guide you through the process. When it comes to choosing the right colours to pair with your wooden accents, Felicity Stevens, interior designer at Haus interiors said: “Lighter walls and a darker walnut flooring can work really well, especially if coupled with a contrasting skirting board colour. “Oak flooring works well with greyer tones, as the warmth of the wood balances well with the coolness of the base palette.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Wooden flooring is a timeless classic in British homes, and it works just as well in new build properties as it does in period-style buildings. While Oak is a simple and more muted choice for flooring, Alison explained that herringbone styles are a more luxurious alternative to consider. She said: “Herringbone and traditional parquet style flooring, as seen in Cala Homes’ The Lowther development in West Lothian, is also continuing to be popular as the detail in the flooring works well with a more crisp and clean interior. “Flooring can be layered with beautiful, textured rugs and upholstered bed bases on top to help create that minimalistic, ‘hygge’ style that’s all about cosiness and serenity.” Solid herringbone styles can be swapped for laminate parquet to achieve the same finish on a budget.  While a more neutral palette enables buyers to add their own colours through rugs, curtains and upholstery, Felicity noted that the market suggests people are also loving deeper tones splashed across walls. Instead of painting the walls dark, she recommended focusing on making a good base for future buyers to build upon with their own dark paints. Felicity said: “Dulux Egyptian Cotton is a fab base colour to work up from, and helps to create that warmth and depth, rather than white stark paint to the walls.” White gloss was once the go-to style for modern homes, though Alison explained that traditional units are now gaining more traction from buyers. She said: “The kitchen, which is often the heart of every home, can also add value when it’s new and combines robust countertops and smart appliances. “A traditional shaker style with stone remains not only classic and beautiful but also stands the test of time.”