Commercial and domestic water restrictions may be the only way water companies can protect what little supply they have left in what has been an unusually dry year - and summer. The South West comprises nine counties, ranging from Cornwall, Exeter, Devon, Gloucestershire and Wiltshire. Reports suggest the Environment Agency, partnered with firms that supply water and sewerage services in these areas, will announce the decision tomorrow, August 12. It will come at a time when parts of Kent and Sussex in the south east will begin rationing for the first day - with bans on filling up swimming pools, washing vehicles and using the hose to water plants.  For the South West, these restrictions may seem a bit more out-of-the-blue, especially since South West Water said the last time it enforced a hosepipe ban was in 1996. And, according to Met Office forecasts, a period of unsettled weather is set to follow the current heatwave, which is bringing highs of 34C for the next three days. Its forecast for next week until August 24 reads: “This period will see the breakdown of the hot, sunny and dry weather of recent days, with conditions becoming more unsettled across the UK. “Showers will spread from the west and south next week, sometimes heavy and thundery, though drier periods with sunny spells are still likely between them.  “At the same time, temperatures will gradually decrease to closer to normal for August. “Later in the period, the more changeable weather will prevail with a risk of heavy showers or thunderstorms continuing, but clear and dry spells in between too. “Returning to warm or very warm towards the end of the period for much of England and Wales, perhaps becoming locally hot in parts of the south and southeast.” Rain is forecast to hit the South West by next Wednesday, August 17 by 6pm.  READ MORE: UK heatwave a 'wake up call for all of us' as 37C heat triggers alert The band of showers will reach nearly all parts of the region, retracting slightly by Thursday. But heavy downpours will hit just days later on Saturday, August 20 when a larger band of rain covers the west of the country in its entirety. These showers will persist until Sunday - but it’s unlikely to make an impact to stop any restrictions on water coming into place. Precipitation maps, issued by WX Charts, show in many instances the rain will miss Cornwall and the furthest South West points of the region.  DON'T MISSPutin ally could launch nuclear strikes on three countries [INSIGHT]Brexit fury over 'grossly irresponsible' sabotage on border talks [REPORT]Should next PM hold a general election immediately? [POLL] Met Office chief meteorologist Andy Page said: “Persistent high pressure over the UK means temperatures have been rising day-on-day through this week and it is important people plan for the heat. “Temperatures are expected to peak at 35C on Friday and possibly 36C over the weekend. “We will also see increasingly warm nights, with temperatures expected not to drop below the low 20s for some places in the south.”  He said temperatures would drop early next week, with heavy showers and thunderstorms likely in some areas – but it was “impossible to say yet exactly where and when they will occur”. Temperatures reached 34.2C at Wiggonholt, West Sussex, on Thursday afternoon, and climbed above 33C in a number of places from Shropshire to the south east of England.   