As one of the newest property experts on the hit Channel 4 show, Craig is relatively new to the hectic world of A Place in the Sun but loves what the job entails. However, the 49-year-old knows that some house hunters are harder to please than others, and it can be difficult to find the perfect house for them despite ticking all the boxes on paper. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the host explained it doesn't bother him too much, insisting it can't be taken "personally". As well as jetting over to the usual holiday home hot spots in Europe, the current series will see Craig head off to the beautiful island of Barbados. The episode, which airs on Thursday, is the first time the show has been able to travel so far since the pandemic. Craig will help Lesley and Ken to get the best of what their £350,000 can get them by showing the couple five stunning properties. Speaking about the exciting episode and older instalments, Craig reflected on some of the house hunters he's helped. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history When asked if he finds it hard to deal with the pickier guests, Craig replied: "Not really. "I don't ever take it personally, because I also realised - I've had plenty of house hunters... "I mean, in this Barbados one, the first couple of properties that I showed Lesley and Ken, actually I thought were great. "In fact, the first three I showed them, I thought were great because on paper it was everything they wanted. "Because they also had the added complication that they wanted to bring their dog. "And because most properties in Barbados, their holiday homes are in complexes, and complexes don't allow pets. "So we had to find them somewhere, either in a pet-friendly complex, or we had to find them more of a conventional sort of house-type property. "So my first few properties, I thought, really ticked the boxes on paper. DON'T MISS... Dan Wootton rages as he calls for axe to 'shameful' licence fee [LATEST]Janet Leigh refused to shower after iconic Psycho scene [VIDEO]Elizabeth Taylor opens on entering rehab in unearthed footage [INTERVIEW] "But they just kind of liked them, but I could tell they weren't really going to pursue any of them. "But then at the same time, I also know when you're looking for a place it's got to feel right." Craig continued: "So, what I might think is right on paper and ticks all the boxes, someone house hunting could walk in like Ken and Lesley did and say, 'Look, we know it ticks all the boxes but it's just not doing it for us'. "In one property, for example, it was close to the beach like they wanted, lots of rooms for the family. "It was their own house, they could have their dog there. "And there was an amazing roof terrace that looked onto the sea, but the problem was to get up to the roof terrace you had to go up a spiral staircase. "And so they were like, 'How are we going to get the dog up there?' "Ultimately, that's the sort of thing that only they would think about when they look at a property. "So it's usually things like that so I don't take it personally, I know it's part of the process." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.