Mr Max sparked a bitter row when he told Sophia, a caller from London, that unlike the Cambridges she would struggle to secure a charity any front-page coverage. The Vine guest put it to Sophia that she "did nothing" while Prince William and Kate "do plenty." Mr Max told the caller: "If you were to turn up to a charity, would you get any front-page coverage? No, you wouldn't. "If William and Kate do they do, they are more famous than you. They are doing a job. "Now you might say it's unfair that they are born into that but they're doing that job and you say that they do nothing. I'm sorry. You do nothing. They do plenty." Sophia snapped back: "Oh, actually, we do a lot. We all work. We work full time. We pay our bills. They don't need to be funded by the taxpayer. They have enough money to buy their own home. "So you don't tell me I do nothing. I work a full-time job. And I support my family. So you do nothing by sitting there on that panel" It comes after Campaign group Republic branded the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's relocation to Adelaide Cottage "disgraceful" amid the cost-of-living crisis. William and Kate are moving to the Grade II-listed four-bedroom house on Windsor's private Home Park to allow their children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis - more freedom when they start at Lambrook School near Ascot in Berkshire next month. The duke and duchess will retain their 20-room Kensington Palace apartment as their official working residence, and also have the 10-bedroom Anmer Hall country mansion near Sandringham and a three-bedroom holiday cottage, Tam-Na-Ghar, on the Balmoral estate. Graham Smith, chief executive of the pressure group which campaigns for an elected head of state, said: "While ordinary households are struggling with their energy bills and facing crippling inflation, why are we giving yet another home to William and Kate?  "This is disgraceful." He added: "All these palatial homes require round-the-clock protection, heating and staffing." He said the Crown Estate was "a state-owned property empire that is supposed to make money for the Treasury". Use of the property will be a gift from the Queen, who has given permission for William and Kate to lease it from the Crown Estate, with the couple paying market value rent using their own private funds. DON'T MISS: Spain's King Juan Carlos 'essentially sold into slavery' by father in bid to return throne [LATEST]'Like phoenix from ashes' Harry to use book to 'rewrite his story' to become US leader [INSIGHT]Diana's 'shadow' still looms over Camilla as 'jury out' on Duchess as Queen Consort [ANALYSIS] Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty magazine, said the move and the Cambridge children's new school had many benefits for the family including privacy and security. "Relocating to Adelaide Cottage in the ultra-private Home Park at Windsor takes away the 'goldfish-bowl' aspect of the Cambridge family's life," Mr Little said. "Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace is perfect in so many ways but the duke and duchess and their children are unable to come and go as they might like or take advantage of the nearby London parks because of the ever-present privacy issues." He added that having all three children at the same school made sense and would remove the "nightmare" journey from Kensington Palace to Battersea twice a day. "It also means that the cost of security, always a contentious topic, is much lower than if Louis was at a different school to his siblings," Mr Little said.