Of more interest to parents of young children, however, is the fact that "relatively modest" Adelaide Cottage boasts just four bedrooms. "Just four?" I hear you say. "Hang on: Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis, Wills, Kate... and where will the nanny sleep?" We're used to glimpsing Maria Borrallo, in brown Norland camouflage, providing back-up. Wills and Kate are working parents and Maria has kept the family show on the road since 2014 when Prince George was just a few months old. Fear not. There will be no painful parting. Maria will still be employed full-time but will live elsewhere. Think of the nocturnal implications for mum and dad. In cases of bed-wetting, bad dreams, ear-ache and forbidden midnight feast, they will be on frontline duty. There'll be no Maria to soothe fevered brows, quell disruption and change sheets. No longer will the Cambridges be able to slumber serenely, knowing that their offspring will be tended to in the small hours. Wills and Kate will, albeit tardily, join the ranks of parents and carers who ricochet from fitful sleep to dismal doze, one ear perpetually cocked for the sickening thump that signals that a child has hit the floor, or for a miserable wail signifying that baby has awakened and is unable to locate dummy. They may be late to the party but William and Kate will finally experience what nanny-less parents have long been enduring - interrupted interminable nights, with sleep not guaranteed.  Far be it from me to rub it in, but I can't help adding that they shouldn't think things improve as the children get older - they don't - and moreover, that sleep is never the same again. Sleeping soundly when teenagers rampage through the homestead is impossible. Either they need ferrying back from a house party at some unearthly hour, or you toss and turn until another kid's unfortunate parent does the ferrying. Then, when they finally pass the dreaded driving test, sleep remains elusive. You never relax till you hear that key in the door. As for me, I am awaiting news of my younger daughter, now 33, going into labour. Can I sleep? You must be joking.  Let's not subscribe to the predictable annual lament about Strictly: "Who are these nonentities? Never heard of them." It's a dirge and inaccurate. We all know Paralympian Ellie Simmonds, Matt Goss, actress and presenter Kym Marsh, Corrie's Will Mellor, Loose Women's Kaye Adams and ex-footballer Tony Adams. The rest we'll get to know so intimately once we've seen their paso doble's we'll forget we had no clue who they were. Countryfile host Helen Skelton is delightfully honest. She can't wait to wear exquisite sequinned dresses. She's endured a harrowing marriage breakup and I can't think of anything more restorative than being whisked into the Strictly wardrobe, clad in chiffon and spangles, and tango-ing your dancing shoes off in the arms of a handsome professional. The cognoscenti has already done it. The rest of us need to keep up. Our love affair with wonky veg must begin immediately. It's now urgent that we wean ourselves off pristinely perpendicular carrots and ravishingly round cabbages. Farmers are urging us to embrace shrunken onions and peculiarly shaped potatoes as the drought does its worst. We must learn to take what we're given and be grateful for it. We're never too old to learn to appreciate the good old-fashioned words of Grace before meals. "For what we are about to receive may the Lord make us truly thankful. The country's favourite weather presenter Carol Kirkwood says she tries not to worry about being "let go" by the BBC before adding, "I have to acknowledge that I'm 60 and am unlikely to be at the BBC when I'm 70. It's the course of events." Carol's a reluctant realist but here's the question: why on earth shouldn't she still be delighting us at 70, 80 or even 90 if she still has the urge to do so? Where is it decreed that weather presenters should have an optimum shelf life? Why isn't the public given credit for appreciating a professional doing an excellent job regardless of vintage? Plaudits to Spider-Man actor Tom Holland. He has ditched social media because, in his own words, "I get caught up and I spiral when I read things about me online and ultimately it's very detrimental to my mental state." Holland is only 26 years old and has a combined social media following of an astounding 75 million. Imagine waking up to the abuse of millions of deranged and demented individuals. Such bile would destroy your equilibrium. I feel for my friend Anneka Rice. She posted a picture on social media site Instagram of a removal van carting off 35 years of accumulated possessions with the caption: "Goodbye life!" Anneka has sold her family home. Although she'll move onwards and upwards in comfort, the sorting, sifting, binning, rehoming, selling and separating process is always psychologically traumatic. Should you keep your child's school report, or nursing chair in which you breast-fed your brood, or piano that no one plays any more? Should you chuck that painting you've always loathed, left to you by your ex-husband's aunt, or that kitchen table spattered with decades of glue, paint and glitter? Yes, we're only talking about material possessions, but one shouldn't underestimate the wrench.