Lisa Riley joined the cast of ITV's Emmerdale as Mandy Dingle in 1995 and she quickly became a viewer favourite. The actress has joined and left the soap on a number of occasions over the years but fans remain loyal to Mandy. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the actress is in real life. Lisa Riley is a popular English actress and TV presenter who is best known for playing Mandy in Emmerdale between 1995 and 2001. After this, her character went through a number of exits before she made a full-time return in September 2019. Lisa is known and loved for her bright and bubbly personality, and her Northern charm. She was born in Bury, Greater Manchester in July 1976, making her 46 years old. Fans may be wondering whether she is much older than her soap character, but this is not the case. READ MORE: Emmerdale fans 'work' out Naomi Walters' link to Meena Mandy's birthday is March 1, 1977, so there is not much between the character and the actress when it comes to age. Age has been on Lisa's mind for a while after she experienced a heartbreaking personal loss. In June 2022 her grandmother died and she took some time away from filming to be with her family. She later took to Instagram to reveal her character would be returning to Emmerdale and fans were glad to see the barmaid back in action. READ MORE: Royal Family 'worried' over Prince Harry's 'explosive' memoir The star returned to the soap in mid-July and in upcoming scenes, Mandy is hot on Sandra's (Joanne Mitchell) trail. As Sandra continues her blackmailing scheme, Mandy continues to grow more sceptical and decides to do some digging. She decides to open up to Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) about her suspicions and could attempt to find the evidence she needs to name and shame Sandra. There is a chance she will prove her suspicions, which could land Sandra in serious trouble. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Justin Gallagher returns in Jacob exit twist [THEORY]Emmerdale theory: Rhona sparks unlikely romance with another woman [DISCUSSION] Inside Emmerdale village: Exclusive video of your favourite spots [VIDEO] As for her character on Emmerdale, she may not be around for much longer according to an Express.co.uk theory. Her digging around may lead to her untimely death as Sandra attempts to keep her quiet. Fans will have to wait and see whether Mandy's investigation into Sandra lands her in serious trouble. Away from the soap, Lisa has celebrated some important milestones, in particular with her weight loss. READ MORE: Carole Malone slams BBC over Rushdie coverage In a recent post, she explained how the basis of finding true confidence was not seeking the approval of others. In late 2016, Riley lost over 10 stone in weight and later had her excess skin removed. Lisa got engaged to her partner Al in 2018 and they were due to get married, but put their wedding plans on hold. She mostly keeps her private life out of the spotlight and instead keeps fans motivated with her inspirational posts. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV