As energy bills are on the rise, getting someone else’s bill is less than ideal. On Rip Off Britain this evening, Dave Spragg explained his situation. “It’s absolutely crazy,” he said. Dave was receiving energy bills from a company he was not even signed up with. He was confused after receiving a letter, which welcomed his family to their new home, however as he had lived in his house for 20 years. To clear up the mess, he called the energy firm to tell them about their error but it proved difficult for him to get in touch with them. He just wanted to inform them that they had his address mixed up with someone else and he was not one of their customers. READ MORE: PIP claim: Britons who snore could get up to £156 a week - are you eligible?  Whilst this was happening, Dave was still paying his actual energy suppliers. In an attempt to get the false energy supplier to stop sending bills, Mr Spragg raised a complaint with the Energy Ombudsman. He explained that the Energy Ombudsman investigated and verified that there was an address error on the national electricity supply database. They then ordered the energy company to stop billing Mr Spragg. READ MORE: Santander issue warning as pensioners lose £6,000 in devastating scam - 'Deeply saddened' However five months after this ruling, debt collectors turned up at Dave’s house demanding that he settle the bill. He said: “I wouldn’t allow them in. I went through the file to show them what had been going on and to prove it is not our debt.” Fortunately the energy company apologised and gave Mr Spragg £75 compensation, but there are many people in Mr Spragg’s situation. The average energy bill is set to climb to nearly £4,000 a year from January as gas prices continue to push upwards, analysis has shown. Energy consultancy Auxilione warned that the Government's price cap, which sets bills for more than 20 million households, could be increased further than previously expected. It said that between October and December the price cap is likely to be £3,488 per year for the average household. Energy bills are currently capped at £1,971 which is already a record high. But from January the price will soar by another £500, hitting £3,994, research from the company showed. Auxilione's forecast comes less than a day after analysts at Investec forecast that October's price cap will be £3,523, with bills rising to an eye-watering £4,210 in January. Rip Off Britain is available on BBC iPlayer