The highly acclaimed franchise sparked a major fan frenzy after the release of its prequel spin-off, Star Trek Strange New Worlds. Following its premiere, actress Celia Rose-Gooding opened up about playing Nyota Uhura, who was famously portrayed by Nichelle Nichols.  The first season of Star Trek Strange New Worlds landed in May and reprised the iconic characters Spock (played by Ethan Peck) and Nyota Uhura (Celia Rose Gooding). Fans were first introduced to Uhura (Nichelle Nichols) in the 1960s after the release of the Star Trek original series. As the spin-off was a prequel and a partial sequel to Star Trek: Discovery, it sparked huge anticipation with its millions of fans across the globe. With many excited to see the beginnings of the USS Enterprise, Celia Rose-Gooding opened up about her role. READ MORE: POLL: What do you think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup?   In a Q&A to Express.co.uk and other press hosted by Deadline, Celia paid tribute to the showrunners: “It's amazing. It's incredible I’ve been given such a gift and an opportunity from Henry [Alonso Myers] and Akira [Goldsman]. “They’ve tasked me with this incredible opportunity and they’ve given me this gift. “It’s an incredible opportunity to strap in, as you said this character is groundbreaking and there's so much history in the Sci-Fi genre in the entertainment industry." She added: “Also just in the evolution of black people in their respective industries.”    Speaking on Nichelle’s influence and contributions since her portrayal, Celia continued: “Nichelle pioneered NASA programmes. “Everything that she's been able to do with this role, having even a fraction of me to devote to that legacy. It's an incredible opportunity, I'm so, so grateful.” As a result of the longstanding success of Star Trek, the franchise has remained a global phenomenon since the '60s. Following its expansion to films, video games and comic books, Star Trek is worth an estimated $10.6billion (£9.1billion) in revenue.  DON'T MISS...Prince Harry 'scared' of 'Diana replacement' Meghan, claims Levin [INSIGHT]Nichelle Nichols: Star Trek actress' serious condition before death [INSIGHT]Star Trek Strange New Worlds: La'an star on playing a new character [INSIGHT]  As a trailblazer, Nichelle’s legacy also opened the path for many women in the film industry and in science. After her recent death on Sunday, July 30, Celia took to Twitter to pay tribute to the actress whose role she inherited. Taking to Twitter she wrote: “She made room for so many of us. She was the reminder that not only can we reach the stars, but our influence is essential to their survival. “Forget shaking the table, she built it.”  During the interview, Celia also opened up about the reaction she received from fans about her portrayal. She disclosed: “There's been such an outpour of love, I am overwhelmed with like the tsunami of positivity that I've been faced with. “This character is so iconic and legendary, even beyond Star Trek the franchise, and so I think people were just really excited to get to know her.” Celia continued: “Because of the political climate of the 60s we didn’t really have an opportunity to really get to know her in the way we could in 2022.” Star Trek: Strange New Worlds is available on Paramount Plus. 