Derek Chisora has angrily fired back at Tyson Fury’s claims after The Gypsy King told the 38-year-old to "get f****d" in his latest jab at his old rival. As a result of the feud, their trilogy fight may be in jeopardy. Just days after the confirmation that he would be returning to face the veteran Brit, Fury now seems to be less than keen on such an event. The champion seemed to confirm what promoter Eddie Hearn has been saying about Chisora turning down the purse offered for the fight, which is reportedly millions less than the heavyweight wants. "The funny thing is people love to do deals and then ask for more and then change the goalposts," Fury said in a cryptic video, tagging Chisora. "But the usual thing is, for me, I tell them to go and get f****d so there we are." Now the WBA International heavyweight champion has fired back by posting a video essentially labelling the Mancunian a hypocrite. The video begins with different clips of Fury stating he is not bothered about the money, before the second half shows him demanding billions for fights. The clip ended with Chisora expressing his love for a massive boxing payday. JUST IN: Tyson Fury flies to Iceland with dad to fight Thor Bjornsson before plan goes pear-shaped  “I love a payday,” the 38-year-old said. “F**k yeah I’ll take a payday anyday. Who doesn’t want any money?” Chisora’s comments accompanying the video read: “I’m not the one moving any goal posts @Tyson_Fury - it’s always been about money. Still waiting to even see a contract.” Last week, Hearn told Boxing Social: “Derek had an offer from the Tyson Fury camp. It wasn’t enough money, I’m not sure we’re gonna see that fight, but good to see Tyson Fury keeping his options open.” After Fury's promoter Bob Arum claimed that no deal was close to being made, it is very unclear as to whether this fight will take place. On the other hand, Fury is also preoccupied with arranging an exhibition fight with Hafthor Bjornsson. Accompanied by his father John, Fury took to the streets of Iceland hoping to find the actor and strongman.  However, their efforts were in vain and they discovered the 33-year-old is in Rome filming a movie. He posted a clip from outside Thor’s gym after finding out he is currently abroad and laod down the gauntlet. “So we came to Iceland to fight Thor,” Fury explained. “He’s not here, so now Thor if you want any smoke with the Gypsy King, you’re gonna have to come to Morecambe Bay and find me.” 