Nicholas ‘Nicky’ Desmond is said to have gone swimming off the coast of Callao Salvaje, Tenerife, on July 29 – hours after arriving on the island – before being rescued from the sea. Friends described the Welshman as “a beautiful soul” who was “loved by all that met him”. His family are now hoping to fundraise the cost of repatriating the body. Mr Desmond had arrived on the island the day before his 30th birthday, as part of a holiday to celebrate that birthday. According to Canarian Weekly, emergency services were called after following an apparent group cliff jump from a viewing point in Callao Salvage, an area to the south-west of the island. Another member of the group is said to have sustained injuries in the incident. READ MORE: British man left with brain damage after falling from Ibiza balcony Mr Desmond was reportedly flown to nearby Adeje, where an ambulance was waiting to transport him to hospital, but he tragically died. Friend Sacha Pugsley, 29, said the Cardiff resident was “very bubbly, very outgoing” and “always had a helping hand for everybody”. She added: “He would literally walk the world for me if he could. He was always happy, always bubbly. “I don't think I'd ever seen a time where he was upset. He'd never bring anybody down.” An inquest into Mr Desmond’s death is expected to be opened in Pontypridd, Rhondda Cynon Taf, once the coroner receives a report from the Spanish authorities. In the meantime, his friends and family have begun working with the Repatriation Services Trust (REST), a charity which assists with financial support for families with loved ones who have died abroad. A GoFundMe page has been set up to raise £10,000 to bring Mr Desmond’s body back to Cardiff, and REST is helping the family deal with the paperwork involved in repatriation. Ms Pugsley, who grew up on the same street in the Gabalfa area of the Welsh capital as Mr Desmond, said he was “known all over Cardiff, mostly for the type of person he was”. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' event [INSIGHT]Harry on brink of memoir U-turn after Royal Family 'rapprochement' [ANALYSIS]'There are hints in the book' Bower lifts lid on 'royal racist' claims [VIDEO] The fundraising page said the “tragic accident had left a mark on us all”. It went on to describe Mr Desmond’s death as an “unimaginable loss that no one could prepare for”. It added that the 29-year-old was “such a beautiful soul, a brother, a son loved by all that met him”. The heartfelt message continued: “Our beloved friends and the Gabalfa community have suffered a significant loss with the recent passing of their precious friend Nicky.  “While we cannot take away their pain, we can help this loving family with the many financial burdens they now face. Please consider donating as they lay their son to rest and take the time away to grieve.” The fundraising page has already reached half its target in donations. A family fundraising event is also set to take place on August 13. A balloon release was held in Mr Desmond's memory on the day of his 30th birthday.