A transiting Sagittarius Moon is known to astrologers as an explorer’s Moon, providing prompts to undertake new journeys - literal, philosophical or imaginative. As a fire sign, Sagittarius ignites the Moon with bold, intrepid energy, stirring an insatiable desire within those affected to “go get”. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 7.  Sagittarius sparks an expansive, optimistic and free-spirited lunar transit. The Moon School said: “Sagittarius is a sign ruled by Jupiter, the giant of the skies. This planet expands what it touches, sprinkling it with luck and positivity. “Under the Moon in Sagittarius, the world feels like home. But somehow under this sky, it’s more exciting, more intriguing and more open to adventure.” Horizons are stretched and barriers can be easier removed through stronger mental stamina. READ MORE: Horoscope: Best country to relocate to for each star sign  The Moon School said: “This Moon can bring out people’s charisma and charm, encourage storytelling and a social buzz. “If you want to throw a party, do it under a Sagittarius Moon! The cosmic wind will be blowing in your favour.” Venus is due to form a trine to Neptune this afternoon, which will positively influence The Sagittarius Moon’s easily adaptable energy. Cafe Astrology said: “We trust others first before judging, preferring to cooperate, not compete.  “We see the very best in people now, taking the pressure off personal relationships and we’re also inclined to glamorise objects, situations, and pleasures.” During these transits, we might be quicker to prioritise emotional concerns over the material ones, and drawing on compassion comes a little more naturally. Cafe Astrology said: “We’re also more attuned to the world of beauty, the arts, and the imagination.” However, when mars forms a square with Saturn later today, energies will shift considerably.  DON'T MISS: The ‘best way’ to tell when hydrangeas need pruning - how to guide [EXPLAINED]Follow the ‘odd number rule’ when placing houseplants inside [INSIGHT]August 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [ANALYSIS]   As the natural ruler of brooding Scorpio and fiery Aries, in astrology, Mars represents our drive, ambition, passion and energy. Cafe Astrology said: “Ambitions and accomplishments are strong on our minds. “There can be obstacles to surmount, and we could feel blocked from asserting ourselves or pursuing our desires.” It’s important to slow down and make adjustments when met with resistance to push ahead.  However, it might seem like more effort than usual is required to complete tasks, according to Cafe Astrology. It continued: “We might deal with disapproval or a dip in confidence.” During these times, draw on patience and aim to develop endurance - maintaining and improving what you already have will be more beneficial. Cafe Astrology said: “We might recognise some of our limits” so “adjust your speed accordingly.” 