House of the Dragon is the highly anticipated Game of Thrones spin-off, which is expected to land on screens later this month. Ahead of its premiere, Matt Smith revealed he was apprehensive about the sex scenes he had to film.   Matt is just one of the famous faces expected to make an appearance throughout the new HBO fantasy drama series, Game of the Dragon. The show will take place 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones and will give viewers an insight into the beginnings of the Targaryen's civil war. It will follow the family’s first ruler Prince Aegon Targaryen (played by Tom Glynn-Carney) who forged the Iron Throne and declared King’s Landing the capital of Westeros. Fans will also see things become bitter between the family members after King Viserys Targaryen (played by Paddy Considine) was forced to choose his successor. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist   He was forced to make a tough choice between his younger brother Prince Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith) and his daughter Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy). As Rhaenyra also wanted the Iron Throne, tensions will boil over into what will become the infamous Targaryen war. As well as ongoing feuds and battles, fans can expect to see a number of steamy scenes, much like its predecessor. Matt who will star as Prince Daemon Targaryen confirmed there would be a lot of sex scenes and opened up on his reservations about filming them.     Reflecting on production, the actor admitted: “You do find yourself asking, 'Do we need another sex scene?’” "And they're like, ‘Yeah, we do,’ I guess you have to ask yourself ‘What are you doing? Are you representing the books, or are you diluting the books to represent the time we're living in?'" “And I actually think it's your job to represent the books truthfully and honestly, as they were written,” Matt told Rolling Stone. When asked if his character also had some steamy scenes, the star revealed: “Yeah, slightly too much, if you ask me.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [THEORY]House of the Dragon's Matt Smith shares Doctor Who struggle [INSIGHT]How to watch House of the Dragon in the UK, US and abroad [INSIGHT]  Despite this, showrunner Miguel Sapochnick disclosed House of the Dragon would not feature as many sex scenes as Game of Thrones. He told The Hollywood Reporter the scenes would be filmed and shown as a casual element of life. Miguel claimed production “pulled back” from the quantity of sex shown on the screens following the backlash from the original series. Game of Thrones viewers had complained a majority of the scenes were unnecessary.   The show was also slammed for featuring sexual violence, however, Miguel stated House of the Dragon would continue to feature this. 