The shadow levelling up secretary was pictured chatting to BT and Openreach workers taking part in industrial action in her home constituency of Wigan. Her appearance alongside the members of the Communication Workers Union (CWU) on strike over pay comes despite Sir Keir warning his frontbench team not to join picket lines. Shadow transport minister Sam Tarry was sacked from his role last week after he joined striking rail workers and gave a series of unapproved media interviews supporting their pay demands. The Labour leader told his MPs last week that it was important for the party to appear like a Government in waiting. He said: "The Labour party in opposition needs to be the Labour party in power. "And a government doesn’t go on picket lines, a government tries to resolve disputes." READ MORE: Keir Starmer branded 'shameful' as unions issue funding threat The CWU's North West regional secretary, Carl Webb, praised Ms Nandy for her appearance at the strike in spite of her boss' comments. He said: "Thanks Lisa Nandy for taking the time to visit the Wigan picket line this morning to speak to the CWU BT and Openreach members on strike and show solidarity." Ms Nandy's decision to attend today's strike has been seen by many in Westminster as a direct challenge to the authority of Sir Keir's leadership. The Labour leader's decision to sack Mr Tarry ripped open an internal chasm within the party as outrage broke out over Sir Keir's stance on strike action. A number of heavyweight political figures within the party have publicly criticised his handling of the situation. Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham warned it was important Labour did not appear to be "a party that undermines working people fighting to protect their incomes in a cost-of-living crisis". READ MORE: Angela Rayner's boyfriend declares war on Starmer's leadership Meanwhile, a number of left-wing backbenchers also gave their support to the Ilford South MP. Former shadow chancellor John McDonnell wrote on Twitter: "This must be the first Labour MP to be removed from his frontbench position for joining a trade union picket line to support workers." Zarah Sultana added: "Labour MPs should be proud to stand with workers. The clue is in the name." Sir Keir has been left scrambling to regain control after the outbreak of the row over Mr Tarry. DON'T MISS:Diane Abbott confronted as Jeremy Corbyn urged to run for London Mayor [UPDATE]Why Starmer's decision to sack Tarry is potentially awkward for Rayner [INSIGHT]Keir Starmer faces open revolt as McDonnell backs general strike [REACTION] Last Thursday he gave a broadcast interview in which he claimed he had not sacked the former member of his top team for his attendance at the rail strike. He said: "Sam Tarry was sacked because he booked himself onto media programmes without permission and then made up policy on the hoof. "That can't be tolerated in any organisation because we have got collective responsibility, so that was relatively straightforward. "Of course, as far as the industrial action is concerned, I completely understand the frustration of so many working people who have seen the prices go up, have seen inflation through the roof and their wages haven't gone up. "So the Labour Party will always be on the side of working people but we need collective responsibility as any organisation does." After being sacked, Mr Tarry said it was "time to fight back" and "reclaim our party". "We need a Labour leadership that is prepared to stand up and does not look the other way when BT workers are going to foodbanks," he said. "Let’s be absolutely clear – it is not good enough, it is not good enough for the Labour Party to say that we probably won’t be able to give you a pay rise in line with inflation. "Because that means the Labour Party is committed to cutting people’s wages in real terms and that is totally unacceptable."