Anne Hegerty, also known as The Governess on ITV's The Chase, has undergone a noticeable transformation over the years, revealing she had dropped an impressive three stone. After admitting to struggling with her weight in the past, viewers have been left in awe of her success. But how did she do it? After entering the I’m A Celebrity jungle back in 2018, the fan-favourite lost a huge amount of weight and it became a turning point for her. According to reports at the time, she lost a stone in just three weeks during her time in the Australian camp, which offers a limited diet, containing food such as rice, beans and meat. This incorporated with the amount of movement and exercise she did every day contributed to her body's change in appearance. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake And she was pleased to reveal that she managed to keep the weight off after she left. A source told The Sun: "What the celebs are eating is very healthy, from veg to meat protein and fish and that is absorbed quickly by the body. "The weight loss doesn’t do any permanent damage, and most pile it back on within three weeks, especially in the build up to Christmas. "The celebs see it as a detox, although at the same time it is very difficult as they have nothing to distract them from the hunger." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Anne also explained during an appearance on ITV’s This Morning that she believes it was the lack of salt in her diet that made her lose weight during her Now, she still follows a very simple set of rules when it comes to keeping off the pounds, revealing she drinks a lot of water to help promote more weight loss. "I need to do it in small stages," Anne said. "If I just try and live healthily and drink lots of water, the weight loss will come. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "If I lose one or two stone, it’s not going to be obvious to anybody, but I’ll feel better in myself. “I lost weight, replaced my glasses with contact lenses and felt a lot more confident." In the past, the TV quizzer revealed that her weight had got in the way of her being able to hold down a relationship. But after shedding the pounds she finally felt confident "to date again". And she told Jeremy Vine in 2019, one year after coming out of the jungle: "The thing is my health is fine. "Before I went into the jungle I had to have a load of tests," she said before revealing the results. "They all came back saying, 'Your blood sugar is perfectly normal, if anything lower than perhaps it might need to be. "'We’ve spent an hour staring at scans of your heart, you don’t have any clogged-up arteries.'" Anne added: "I’m not a fit fat person and I would like to be fitter, but I am not unhealthy."