Stacey Solomon, 32, has revealed a strict rule she imposed on guests during her wedding to new husband Joe Swash. The star shared the insight with her 5.3 million Instagram followers while she filmed herself cleaning up her home, Pickle Cottage, where the marriage ceremony was held. She explained that she thought disallowing guests from using technology would help her guests enjoy the ceremony as much as possible. Speaking from the mansion, she said: “I honestly cannot wait to get more pictures back and our videos. “There were no phones or anything on the day so that we could really breathe and live in each precious moment.” She then posted a photo of her and husband Joe's wedding cake. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury  The star added that she plans to give away her wedding decorations to charity. It wasn’t the first time that the presenter and TV personality has made a public gesture of goodwill. She has previously allowed media outlets to use her wedding photos providing they donate to a charity supporting bereaved children. The star celebrated her wedding to Joe and two days later took to Instagram to thank fans for their positive comments. She wrote: “Thank you so much. We had the best day...we’re just in a little bubble.” The star added later: “Feeling emotional. The spam is going to be real. “Every second of the day was so special and I can’t wait to share with you so many moments I’m so excited to relive.” The ceremony, which took place on Sunday, was a grand event, and included a host of major names. READ MORE... Lineker forced to delete tweet about England women following backlash [NEWS] Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win [LATEST] 'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro [UPDATE] They include a performance from TOWIE star James ‘Arg’ Argent, who also DJed at the party. Other guests included Stacey's Loose Women co-star Linda Robson as well as ex-TOWIE star Ricky Rayment. A source told MailOnline: “Stacey and Joe had the best day of their lives. It was exactly everything they had hoped for. “The weather was glorious, and they had a joyous day with their children and family. “It was also important to Stacey for her day to uphold her strong Jewish values, as well as be a modern and fun day for everyone. “They had always wanted their wedding to be just for them, at their home, and keeping their celebrations intimate did not disappoint.”