There is no correct diet when it comes to weight loss, as everyone's body responds differently to various techniques. But when it comes to weight loss for one going through the menopause, experts suggested they need to focus more on the nutrients in the foods they eat and not just the amount of calories consumed. It's common knowledge that in order to lose weight, a person needs to be burning more calories than they are consuming. But the founder of Happy Hormones for Life and author of It’s Not You It’s Your Hormones, Nicki Williams, revealed food is the key. "Whether it’s due to a slower metabolism, increased fat to muscle ratio, being less active or more stressed, we just can't handle carbs like we used to," she said. But unfortunately, there is no "one size fits all" diet for every woman. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake "I've seen time and time again how food can transform your health and it's the same for hormones and the menopause transition," Nick explained. "Hormones need a steady stream of nutrients for them to work efficiently. "Without the right nutrients your menopause symptoms can worsen, and your natural instinct is to go for a fast fix with the wrong foods, making things even worse." She added: "We need to start focusing more on the nutrients in foods, not just calories." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] With different diets giving contradictory advice on what people should and shouldn't be eating while going through the hormonal change, the nutritionist revealed getting a supply of plenty of plant nutrients is a good place to start. She said: "Fill your plate half full of vegetables – the more colourful the better. "These are healthy carbohydrates that will supply plenty of plant nutrients to your hormones and are also great for your gut bacteria." Nicki also advised that "fat is your new friend". READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "Good healthy fats are essential menopause foods. You need them for hormone production, absorption of fat soluble vitamins, and keeping blood sugar stable, filling you up so you are not hungry between meals," she said. The expert recommended adding foods like coconut oil, olive oil, grass fed butter, avocado, nuts, seeds and oily fish to a diet plan. Protein is also crucial for a healthy, balanced diet, as it promises muscle growth and has a high satiety level. Nicki advised to opt for good quality meat, fish, eggs, dairy, beans, lentils, chickpeas, quinoa, nuts, and seeds to get daily protein. Common culprits that she suggested limiting from diets if women are trying to slim down include sugar, refined carbohydrates, processed foods, and alcohol. "Limit or avoid any foods that cause bloating, fatigue, headaches or any other symptoms you notice after eating them," she said. “Common culprits include gluten and dairy. Try eliminating them for three to four weeks then re-introduce one product at a time and notice how you feel.” Snacking between meals can also encourage more insulin production. "Try to leave four to six hours between meals, this encourages your body to use up the sugar stores and start burning fat for energy," she added.