Queen Maxima met students and discussed topics such as stress, pressure to perform and the importance of associations for the mental health of students during her visit to Delft, in the western Netherlands. For the student reception, Queen Maxima chose a red top from Maison Natan with a ruffle detail on the shoulder. The monarch combined it with elegant blue palazzo trousers also from Maison Natan and finished her look with a pair of stylish Miu Miu sandals with a platform she wasn't afraid to wear. They are the Blue Snake-Effect Leather Sandals which she has worn on other occasions. For accessories, she donned a blue Maison Natan clutch and a pair of eye-catching earrings. The tassel earrings in red are from designer Miccy's Jewelz and one of Queen Maxima's favourites, who is often seen wearing large and colourful pieces. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle  The design is currently sold out but they used to retail for 135 euros, which is around £114. The description on the website says the earrings are "sparkling, yet elegant original must-haves". The designer also explained they are "the perfect combination with any evening dress, but also with a more casual, daily outfit". They are very light to wear with an "eye-catching design that breaths luxury" and perfectly matched the Dutch monarch's top. Queen Maxima also donned her Marianna Lemos gold and sapphire bracelet on her right wrist.  The outfit divided fans as while many said she looked stylish as always, some thought the trousers and top were not a good combination. Instagram user @royalspectator commented: "The Queen of repeating is back at work" and @florence.pit said: "So cool! Love it." However, royal watcher @riojuniperj commented: "I love Queen Maxima but this is one of her worst looks ever!" Another one, @ellainthecityboston, said: "Well the colours are great. But I am afraid the blouse devours poor Maxima. She usually looks great and she is never boring, that is for sure." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Royal fan @kirsty1991dodgs said: "I love both pieces... but I don't think I love them together." @hala_chamseddine agreed: "Each piece is beautiful by itself but not combined together!" Another one, @luxmeagainpreloved, added: "In love with this top and earrings combined with the hair and make-up! "Not crazy about the trouser but can overlook that because she’s gorgeous. And kudos to this tall lady who wears the highest heels and platforms - she just goes for it." Another royal watcher, @karib78, thought that "perhaps she photographed poorly" as Maxima "typically doesn’t strike out". Queen Maxima is the wife of King Willem-Alexander. She was born in Argentina but moved to the Netherlands and worked in marketing where she met Willem-Alexander. The couple married in 2002 and became King and Queen when Queen Beatrix abdicated in 2013. The Dutch royals have three daughters: Catharina-Amalia Beatrix Carmen Victoria, Princess Alexia of the Netherlands and Princess Ariane of the Netherlands.