On Wednesday, the outgoing Prime Minister will head off on a short holiday until the end of this week, a spokesperson has confirmed. Neither the holiday destination, nor whether Carrie Johnson and their two children are going with him have been confirmed with a spokesperson saying they were not "getting into what type of holiday it is". While more than a third of UK households have had to forgo their yearly summer holiday, the same cannot be said for Mr Johnson this year.  But hopefully, this vacation does not end in a canoeing disaster as another allegedly did. In 2020, Mr Johnson holidayed in the Applecross peninsula on the west coast of Scotland with his then-fiancee Carrie Symonds and baby Wilfred. Mr Johnson, evidently a fan of staycations, said in 2020: “I would encourage people still to think of wonderful staycations here in the UK. “There are all sorts of fantastic destinations, the best in the world. “All my happiest holiday memories are of holiday vacations here in the UK, bucket-and-spade jobs or whatever, and I thoroughly recommend it.” But clearly, this trip did not result in the “happiest of memories” — Mr Johnsons was allegedly swept out to sea and “nearly drowned”.    According to the Times, the Prime Minister was swept out to sea on a canoe — although another source claimed he had been on a paddleboard that August. A source said: "He was taken out by the current. He got swept away and found himself going further and further out." Although it was fine in the end, a source added it could have been a “catastrophe” with it being thought Mr Johnson then said he would only return to Scotland “over his dead body”. On the same holiday, a “furious” farmer told Mail Online that Mr Johnson had climbed over his fence and set up a tent without his permission. This trip also coincided with the A-Level results “crisis” of 2020, which resulted in the government U-turn. Students were awarded their teacher-predicted grades just days after the results had been published to widespread criticism. But the Prime Minister was criticised for his “deafening” silence on the issue by the Liberal Democrat Layla Moran. Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner chimed in and said: “Instead of heeding warnings and addressing this looming crisis before it was too late, the Prime Minister has been invisible. “Parents, young people, and teachers deserve a public apology from the Prime Minister and a plan for how he will get a grip of his Government.” READ MORE: Boris Johnson holiday: Who is footing the bill?  Earlier that year, Labour demanded an inquiry be instigated into Mr Johnson’s £15,000 Caribbean holiday over questions about who paid for the villa on Mustique island. However, Mr Johnson’s spokesperson claimed: “All relevant transparency requirements had been met”. But Emily Thornberry, Shadow Attorney General, took to Sky News to accuse Mr Johnson of "sunning himself and drinking vodka martinis somewhere else", instead of turning his attentions to Iran following the assassination of Major General Qasem Soleimani. Then in 2021, Mr Johnson came under fire again after he took a luxury holiday to Marbella where he stayed in a private villa on the Costa del Sol. It emerged the Prime Minister along with his then-pregnant wife and then 17-month-old Wilfred’s week-long trip had been linked to Zac Goldsmith. Mr Goldsmith, a friend of Mr Johnson and Carrie Johnson, was the MP for Richmond and was given a peerage by the Prime Minister. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: EU 'throws Ireland under bus' in £67m fishing stitch up [LIVE]Starmer attacked for backing Corbyn after horrifying Ukraine remarks [REPORT]Brussels getting ready for 'big conflict' with new PM on Brexit deal [INSIGHT]  However, the Prime Minister claimed he had taken advice from Lord Geidt, his independent advisor. It was found the stay in the villa — thought to cost £25,000 for one week — did not need to be included on the MP’s register for interest by Kathryn Stone, the parliamentary standards commissioner. In November last year, following the accusations, a spokesperson said: “The parliamentary standards commissioner has agreed with the approach taken by the Prime Minister, that the substantive family holiday in Spain does not require a separate Commons registration… “The PM took advice from Lord Geidt and he registered it as per the rules.”  