Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag admitted that he is still looking to add some much-needed quality to his squad after Monday's impressive victory over Liverpool at Old Trafford. The Red Devils picked up their first win of the new Premier League campaign thanks to Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford, who found the back of the net to claim all three points at the expense of their bitter rivals on home soil. The result saw United leapfrog Liverpool in the Premier League table, with Ten Hag likely to be hoping that his players have finally turned a corner after losing both of their first two games against Brighton and Brentford respectively. The Dutchman admitted to Sky Sports after the final whistle on Monday that he remains in the market to add to his squad, underlining his emphasis on both quality and quantity ahead of next week's all-important transfer deadline. "You can never tell," said Ten Hag. "We said from the beginning we wanted to bring the right players in and not just any players. "I think now we have the right player [in new signing Casemiro], I'm sure of that. The window is not closed. You need numbers but not only numbers, you need quality. JUST IN: Man Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learned as Sancho shines "I gave so much and I think when you bring it on the pitch you will get stronger, physically [and] mentally. If you bring it every three days you need numbers and quality numbers." United recently ended their long pursuit of a new deep-lying midfielder with the addition of Casemiro, who was officially unveiled to the Old Trafford crowd prior to kick-off against Liverpool. Ten Hag went on to praise the Brazilian's leadership qualities that he believes will aid United's hopes of maintaining their newly-found winning momentum over the coming weeks and months. "We were talking about leadership and we were talking about leadership on the pitch but he [Casemiro] is one as well," added the United boss. "He knows the game, he knows how to win. In his career he's won so many trophies and that's important to have in your team. "Raphael Varane has it, so with him and Casemiro, [Cristiano] Ronaldo has it, you need some as a guidance for young players who didn't achieve the trophies until now, but that's what we want to achieve." It remains to be seen how many signings United will be able to make between now and the end of the summer window as Ten Hag aims to land further improvements his squad over the coming days. The Red Devils are believed to be willing to pay a nine-figure fee in exchange for the services of Ajax forward Antony, who has been a priority target for United all summer, but a number of other exciting players are also thought to have been on Ten Hag's radar for some time. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here