 Nick Kyrgios has explained the secret to his recent success after earning his second career win over a world No 1. The Aussie is in the best form of his life, having reached a maiden Grand Slam final at Wimbledon before winning eight matches on the bounce, including his seventh career title in Washington last week, and is making himself a firm contender for the upcoming US Open. Kyrgios is on an eight-match winning streak after upsetting defending champion and world No 1 Daniil Medvedev in Montreal on Wednesday. Since losing to Novak Djokovic in his maiden Grand Slam final, the world No 37 is undefeated, winning the doubles title alongside Thanasi Kokkinakis in Atlanta before lifting the singles and doubles trophies in Washington last week. Even before his Wimbledon run, the 27-year-old had reached back-to-back semi-finals in the warm-up events on grass and won the Australian Open doubles title at the start of the season. And the world No 37 has now shared his secret after earning himself a spot in the list of favourites for the US Open with his win over Medvedev. The Aussie said he is currently "better than ever able to prepare for matches” and explained that it has been his physio who brought everything together this season, after being unable to travel in the pandemic. JUST IN: Roger Federer surprises fan in touching moment after five-year promise  "My physio is with me full-time,” he said after coming from a set down to dispatch top seed Medvedev 6-7(2) 6-4 6-2 in Montreal. “That wasn't possible last year due to the corona pandemic. It was difficult for me to manage my body. Now I work on it for two to three hours a day.” And Kyrgios is already planning to keep his body rested in time for the US Open as he aims to make a bid for his first-ever singles Grand Slam title after narrowly missing out at the All England Club. DON'T MISS Alcaraz's brutal admission after blowing match point in Montreal lossZverev fires double US Open threat to Rafael Nadal with injury wishSerena Williams announcement causes major US Open ticket surge  Announcing his pre-US Open plans, the 27-year-old said: “The week before I will not play a tournament to recover and organise my training.” Kyrgios still has this week in Montreal plus next week’s Cincinnati Masters to earn some ranking points ahead of the US Open, as he sits just a few spots away from receiving a seeded position.  The world No 37 will benefit from a more favourable draw and some easier opening rounds in Flushing Meadows if he can climb high enough to become a seed, which would also be welcome news to the top-ranked players at the US Open who won’t want to see a floating Kyrgios in their section of the draw. 