Matt Vickers, the Tory MP for Stockton South, also claimed it was the former Labour leader’s failure to stand up for Britain which ensured his party’s crushing general election defeat three years ago. Mr Corbyn hit the headlines earlier this month after his appearance on Al Mayadeen, a Middle East television station which backs Syria’s President Bashar Assad, during which he called on the West to "stop arming Ukraine" in its fight against Russia, and bemoaned the fact that "Russian soldiers are dying". Mr Vickers, who was elected to the Red Wall seat previously held by Labour, told Express.co.uk: "As Mr Corbyn himself says, this war that has been brought about purely by President Putin and his disregard for freedom and democracy is a disaster for Ukraine. "However, in his campaign to stop arm shipments, Mr Corbyn is directly advocating Ukrainian capitulation to a totalitarian regime which would not just be a disaster, but an utter catastrophe for the country and its people." Mr Vickers added: "If Mr Corbyn was as passionate about standing up for this country as he is about defending the actions of a warmongering dictator, he might have actually seen some success in 2019. "It is right that we continue sending the weapons Ukraine needs to defend itself against Putin's war of aggression." Mr Vickers’ remarks echoed those of Labour MP John Spellar earlier this week. The former Armed Forces Minister told Express.co.uk: "Basically, if we weren't supporting Ukraine, then the Putin regime would have crushed them and liberty in Ukraine months ago, and would have posed a massive threat to security and democracy in Europe. "Once again, Jeremy Corbyn has taken the wrong side of history. READ MORE: Russia in freefall: 500k workers forced to slash hours "This is a simplistic view of the world that he's had all the way through. "Whilst enjoying all the benefits of living in a western democracy, the United States and the West are wrong, whoever is opposed to them must be right. "Otherwise, why would he be appearing on some of these radio and TV stations of the dictators from the Middle East, and let alone those from Russia?" DON'T MISS Putin left red-faced over ‘terrible’ Ukraine battlefield plan [LATEST]Russia in freefall: 500k workers forced to slash hours - wages PLUMMET [REVEALED]Prince Harry’s memoir to make Oprah interview look like 'child's play' [REPORT] During his interview, Mr Corbyn pushed the idea of a peace deal between Ukraine and Russia, with the help of the African Union and Arab League - including Syria. He said: "Ukrainians are dying... and Russian soldiers are dying", seemingly shifting the blame on to NATO by suggesting the alliance’s expansion had resulted in "greater strain and greater stress". Mr Corbyn currently sits as an independent after being suspended by Labour over his response to thee Equalities and Human Rights Commission iinquiry into anti-Semitism in the party. Questioned by Iain Dale during an event at the Edinburgh Fringe on Thursday, Mr stood by his remarks. He said: "I think the words I used was, the only policy being followed by most of the West is to pour arms into the Ukraine. "The point I was making was there is nobody as far as I can see pushing enough to get some kind of ceasefire." He pointed to the recent deal on grain exports from Ukraine as evidence that agreement was possible. He added: "The killing has to stop, the peace protesters in Russia have to be recognised. The loss of peoples’ lives in Ukraine and the refugees have got to be recognised. "The war has to stop, otherwise where does it go? You’ve got nuclear arms in the neighbourhood." Speaking last week, a spokesman for Jeremy Corbyn said: "Jeremy Corbyn has always condemned Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, including in Parliament, at public meetings and a large peace rally attended by thousands in Trafalgar Square in March. He has a long record as a staunch critic of Vladimir Putin and was one of the few MPs to speak out against his state visit to the UK in protest at Russia’s prosecution of the Chechen war." Express.co.uk has contacted Mr Corbyn’s office to offer him a chance to respond to Mr Vickers’ remarks.