Anthony Severs, from Vauxhall, didn’t expect his age to come into question when he was out on Liverpool’s most famous street on July 25. Heading out from bar The Grapes, Mr Severs headed down Mathew Street to Irish bar McCooley’s at around 10pm. Reportedly he was only looking for a pint and shelter from the rain. But Mr Severs was “shell shocked” when the bouncer told him that his age wasn’t appropriate for the pub. The father-of-one and grandfather claims the bouncer told him he was “too old” to come in. A retired shipbuilder, Mr Severs told The Liverpool Echo he had not experienced anything like it in nearly 60 years of drinking in Liverpool city centre. He said: "I’d just come out of The Grapes - it was raining and I’d been soaked. I don’t live far from town and without the buses (due to an ongoing strike), I was walking home. "But because it was raining, I thought I'd go into McCooley's just to dry off and have a drink. I got up the stairs to go in, but a bouncer said I couldn’t come in. I asked why and she said I was too old. "I said ‘that’s discrimination’. She then said nothing. I just walked away, I was shell-shocked." READ MORE: Bristol fire: Windows 'blown out' and 'roof collapses' of home [REVEAL] Mr Severs said he tends to drink around Mathew Street because he often bumps into people he knows. The shocked grandfather added: “How would it make you feel? It was only when I walked away that it hit me. I thought ‘hang on - too old?’ I was shocked, I’ve been drinking around town for 60-odd years and nothing like this has ever happened before. “People might laugh - being told you're too old - it's not on." DON'T MISS: M25 CHAOS: Rush hour hell as Dartford Crossing lanes CLOSED [REVEAL]Council spends £455,000 on a £100-a-week traveller site never used [INSIGHT]Girl, 11, who drowned at water park pictured, classmates pay tribute [ANALYSIS] Mr Severs’ daughter told him to get in touch with McCooley’s to complain. After doing so, Anthony said he was then told to contact the firm the bar employs to provide security staff. He explained: "When I got my head together, I went down to McCooley’s and they said it wasn’t down to them, it was down to the security firm. “I said that I wanted a personal apology, because she kept me out personally." Express.co.uk has contacted McCooley’s for comment.