Manchester United are reconsidering a move for former transfer target Ismaila Sarr after pulling the plug on a deal for Marko Arnautovic, reports claim. The Red Devils had launched a shock move for the Austrian frontman before eventually walking away from the table following a strong backlash from supporters. United submitted a £7.2m bid that was dismissed by Bologna but negotiations have now died with the Old Trafford board set to explore other targets. According to 90min, one of those is Watford ace Sarr, who is still yet to earn a move back to the Premier League following the Hornets' relegation to the Championship. A number of clubs have shown interest but at the moment, his future remains at Vicarage Road barring any late changes. Sarr can play in multiple positions across the frontline and he does, of course, have Premier League experience following two seasons in the top flight with the Hornets. READ MORE: Man Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer United submitted a £7.2m bid that was dismissed by Bologna but negotiations have now died with the Old Trafford board set to explore other targets.  The Senegal international scored a wonder goal in Watford's 1-1 draw at West Brom on Monday night before also missing a penalty. He is a player that United are familiar with having tried to sign him in the 2020 summer transfer window. Former Watford technical director Filippo Giraldi has since revealed how close United came to agreeing a deal for the jet-heeled attacker. Giraldi told the Here We Go podcast: "We were extremely close, I was personally negotiating with them. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer "We weren't able to reach an agreement. And I think Ismaila is very young, he will arrive for sure. "He missed probably an opportunity, but I think also for his football to stay here and get 10 goals and 10 assists, he's deciding the league. I think for Watford in the condition they are at the moment it's luck he stayed. "I love Ismaila because he has the ability to affect the game every time he plays, and that's quite rare. "You see fast wingers becoming more and more important in physical leagues like the Premier League. I remember last year against Manchester United and Liverpool, he was the one with Gerard Deulofeu on the other side affecting the game and deciding the game every time. "This type of player are players you have to try to maximise and protect them as much as you can." Watford manager Rob Edwards has already made it clear the club are prepared to lose both Sarr and Emmanuel Dennis should deals be struck in the final few weeks of the transfer reason. “They’re [Ismaila Sarr and Emmanuel Dennis] both very good players who have been working hard, and while they’re at the club of course we’re going to use them, because they can help us. Why wouldn’t I use them?” Edwards told The Watford Observer. “We’re prepared for if they do move on, we’ve done our due diligence. If and when we need to recruit we’re ready and we will. Until then, I’ll have them to select.”