WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from House of the Dragon. Rhaenyra Targaryen was named heir to the Iron Throne by her father Viserys Targaryen (played by Paddy Considine) after her mother Aemma (Sian Brooke) and brother Baelon died in the first episode of the HBO series. She is comforted in her grief by friend and confidante Alicent Hightower (Emily Carey). The pair appear in several episodes of the first series before being replaced by Emma D’Arcy and Olivia Cooke. The actresses didn’t get much of a chance to speak to Emma and Olivia but Milly said she felt “protective” of Emily. Rhaenyra and Alicent are shown as firm friends to begin with but it’s not long before Otto Hightower (Rhys Ifans) sets his sights on pairing his young daughter with the widowed King. In the first episode, he pushes Alicent to visit Viserys and comfort him in a particularly uncomfortable scene. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview As Otto forces his daughter to spend more time with the King, this could become an issue for Rhaenyra, who may feel like she’s losing her father. Will Alicent try to replace Rhaenyra or even marry the King and become her stepmother? Either way, HBO has already confirmed Alicent will stand in the way of Rhaenyra sitting on the Iron Throne. Speaking about working with Emily, Milly admitted she didn’t like filming some of their scenes. “I adore Em, and I feel very protective of her and like her big sister,” she explained. “So there wasn’t a lot to perform because we created that bond within itself.” The actress added she was with Emily “a lot of the time” and “were the only two young women on set going through this major shift and change”. “Not only in our professional lives but within our personal lives,” Milly stated. DON'T MISS...Who plays Laena Velaryon in House of the Dragon? [CAST]Winds of Winter ‘worse’ after ‘troubling’ House of the Dragon retcon [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon episode 2 leak: Dangers of Sky TV piracy revealed [LATEST] “Emily was 18 at the time that we shot this, and I cannot imagine. “I was 20, so I was only two years older, but 18 to 20, you are a different person at that point. “So I felt an obligation to make sure she was okay.” Milly added to Who What Wear: “The scenes where we weren’t the best of friends were difficult because I don’t like being angry at her in real life, and I didn’t want to pretend.” While Milly never got to see co-star Emma as Rhaenyra on set, she confidently exclaimed: “I think Emma’s done a fantastic job.” “I mean, I haven’t seen any of their work or their episodes. I haven’t even read them,” she confessed. “I wasn’t allowed to read them, so I’m excited to see how they make Rhaenyra their own.” House of the Dragon continues every Sunday on HBO at 9pm ET in the US and every Monday at 9pm on Sky Atlantic in the UK.