Tottenham are hoping to finalise the signing of Destiny Udogie from Udinese while there is still cautious optimism a deal for Nicolo Zaniolo could potentially be struck in the final weeks of the transfer window. Spurs have been among the Premier League's most-active clubs this summer having already landed six new arrivals including Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison, Clement Lenglet and Djed Spence. Yet Tottenham's work in the market is not yet done with at least two more signings on the agenda for Fabio Paratici. The club are now working on tying up a deal for left-wing-back Udogie after agreeing a £17million fee with Udinese. He is expected to undergo a medical in Italy, where he will remain on loan for the 2022/23 campaign. The two clubs finally shook hands on a deal on Monday night following several days of extensive discussions. READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Udogie is deemed to be a talent for the future and a player that can compete with Ryan Sessegnon and Perisic for the left-wing-back spot. Juventus, Inter Milan and Brighton had also shown interest in the highly-rated 19-year-old. Tottenham are now working to finalise the deal with Udogie expected to become Spurs' seventh summer addition. Yet he is not the only player of interest to the Spurs hierarchy with Roma playmaker Zaniolo still very much a target. READ MOREMan Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten HagTaylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham dealMan Utd offered striker transfer solution as Javier Hernandez offers to play 'for free' It's said Tottenham have made an initial loan offer that includes a £20m option to buy the Italian. Roma simply had no interest in accepting the proposal which was rejected out of hand. Zaniolo only has two years remaining on his current Roma deal and that's why Tottenham are hopeful of striking a deal given contract talks are yet to take off between the player and Italian club. Back in February, Roma boss Jose Mourinho conceded that it was difficult to predict whether Zaniolo would be at the club next season. The two-time Champions League winner said: “As for Zaniolo, I must say that what [Tiago] Pinto said was totally normal. He’s an honest, straightforward sporting director that doesn’t hide or blow smoke. So it’s difficult say he will 100 per cent be here next season.” Tottenham are keen to sign a playmaker that would give them the luxury of switching from a 3-4-3 formation to a 3-4-1-2 system. James Maddison is another player that is widely admired at Tottenham but Leicester have already ruled that he is not for sale. Newcastle have seen two significant bids rejected this summer, the latest of which was believed to be worth in the region of £50m.