Manchester United have responded 'coolly' to being offered Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, reports say. The Gabon international only moved to the Nou Camp from Arsenal back in January. However, with the La Liga giants needing to raise money to help their financial situation, they're open to cutting him loose. Manchester United need a new forward this summer. Cristiano Ronaldo’s future remains up in the air, with the Portugal international hoping to leave for a Champions League team as he looks to finish his career at the very top. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable, having last played in January, while Edinson Cavani is now a figure of the past after leaving earlier this summer. According to The Independent, United have been offered the chance to sign Aubameyang. They’re already in talks with the Catalan giants for Frenkie de Jong, who is the club’s top transfer target with just weeks of the window to go. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag explains benching Ronaldo for Brighton clash But United, according to the publication, are ‘cool when it comes to potentially landing the forward. Aubameyang was starting to resemble a faded force towards the end of his Arsenal career back in January. However, he did flourish during the early stages of his Barcelona career - with Xavi coaxing the best from the forward. Aubameyang scored 11 goals in 17 league appearances for the Catalan giants, clocking up one assist along the way. And he was on target as the club won the Joan Gamper Trophy on Sunday, with Barcelona beating Pumas UNAM 6-0 with a scintillating display. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join  United appear to have other priorities at the current moment in time. And, in the past 24 hours, it’s emerged they’re eyeing a shock deal for Bologna striker Marko Arnautovic. The striker is familiar to both Erik ten Hag and Steve McClaren, having played under the latter in the Netherlands at FC Twente. Arnautovic returned to Europe after previously spending three years in the Chinese Super League. And he did well back in Serie A last term, scoring 14 goals from 33 appearances to help Bologna stay in the top flight. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it At a time where United have been offered Aubameyang, and are eyeing Arnautovic, Gary Neville has taken aim at their transfer policy. Speaking after Sunday’s 2-1 defeat to Brighton, Neville said: "You've got to look at every bit of the recruitment. "To rely on the Dutch league... so you've got 50-60 people working in that department and they're not being trusted because he wants to go to players he knows in Holland. "Holland has not always been a precise market for the Premier League, it just hasn't. There have been good players but it's not the market that has the biggest hit rate, so I am concerned about that. "Generally, at this moment in time, there's a bit of despair that this coach, who is an outstanding coach, has not been given the tools he needs to start the season, so he can start the season with a new, revitalised squad."