Payments for the benefit, as well as for PIP (Personal Independence Payment) and state pensions could be reduced or suspended if the correct department is not notified. This could apply even if a person is staying in hospital for just one night. Government figures show that more than 20 million people across the UK are claiming benefits or state pension. Thousands more Britons are also claiming disability benefits such as PIP and Attendance Allowance. Claimants must tell the office that pays their benefits as soon as they go into hospital for one night or longer. They will also need to notify the office if they go into a care home or rehabilitation centre, for one night or longer. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out  A person should also tell the office if they will miss a Jobcentre Plus appointment because they are in hospital or have a medical appointment. A friend or relative can contact the DWP if the claimant is not able to do so. When contacting the DWP, a person must provide their full name, date of birth, National Insurance number and their partner’s details, if they are part of the claim. People calling on behalf of a friend or relative will need to provide the person’s details too.  Details will also be needed about the hospital visit, including: READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments Universal Credit claimants can report a hospital stay of 24 hours or longer via their online account or the helpline. People on the state pension can call the pension service helpline to report a hospital stay. This also applies for people on Pension Credit and Attendance Allowance. People who only get Attendance Allowance can call the Attendance Allowance helpline. Those who receive PIP or Disability Living Allowance can contact the disability service centre. Claimants of Income Support, Jobseeker’s Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, and Housing Benefit can contact Jobcentre Plus. People on Child Benefit should tell the child benefit office if their child goes into hospital or residential care for more than 12 weeks. Those on Bereavement Allowance and Carer’s Allowance should also contact the DWP if they go into hospital. The contact numbers are available on the Government website. 