Citric acid is a powerful cleaning product that can get rid of bacteria, stubborn stains and limescale. It naturally occurs in lemon juice and has antibacterial and antiseptic properties, making it an appealing cleaning product. However, due to its acidic nature, it can damage some materials. Matthew Harrison, cleaning expert at PriceYourJob, told Express.co.uk: “Citric acid is a remarkable ingredient for those looking to make the switch to all natural cleaning methods. “It makes a great, non-toxic alternative to bleach, working superbly to remove limescale, de-grease, whiten and disinfect. When combined with bicarbonate of soda and water, it becomes an all-natural superhero of the cleaning world. “However, when citric acid - a compound originally derived from lemon juice - comes into contact with certain surfaces, it can cause deterioration and damage.” READ MORE: ‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step With citric acid becoming a staple in many people’s cleaning cupboards, it is important to know what surfaces to avoid using it on. Natural surfaces The expert said it has “corrosive properties” and can damage natural and marble surfaces if it is used on them. Matthew added: “The enzymes in citric acid will break down the delicate surface layer of these materials, corroding slowly over time. “It’s also important to avoid using citric acid to clean your wooden flooring, furniture, or any surfaces protected by wax or sealer.” DON'T MISS:‘Excellent’ way to make sure houseplants are hydrated in the heat [COMMENT]‘Effective’ natural methods to deter ants from the home [INSIGHT]'Vital' things to consider when planting to avoid causing 'havoc' [EXPLAINER] Wood surfaces The acid in citric acid can be “detrimental” to wood surfaces. This is because it causes the protective layer to break down. The cleaning expert continued: “This can result in a cloudy appearance and leave the surface susceptible to further damage.” Electronic screens Matthew said: “Another surprising surface to avoid when it comes to citric acid is electronic screens. READ MORE: Interior: Paint colours to avoid in the bedroom “Electronic screens have a protective layer to prevent smudging and scratches. “Citric acid can remove this layer, leaving your phone, TV, computer or laptop screen susceptible to abrasion from the elements. “When cleaning all of these surfaces, it’s best to go with something gentler.” Matthew recommended using a microfibre cloth, castile soap and water. Citric acid can be purchased from various retailers including Waitrose and B&Q. Dri-Pak’s citric acid can help to remove limescale from taps and appliances, including washing machines. It can also be used to clean dishwashers and kettles. The cleaning product is great at removing limescale and grime.