Nick Ferrari reacted to Labour Shadow Levelling Up Secretary Lisa Nandy’s visit at a picket line despite Kier Starmer’s ban and questioned whether the Labour leader is “leaden-footed and out of touch” in regards to rail strikes matter. Referring to Ms Nandy’s move, Mr Ferrari’s guest Political Correspondent Alexandra Rogers warned Labour’s “ambiguous line” on rail strikes and picket lines “doesn’t seem to hold”. Nick Ferrari asked: “Is it fair to say that in this instance that Kier is leaden-footed and out of touch?” Ms Rogers said: “I think so. “The whole of this summer is going to be dominated by strikes. “It’s such a fundamental issue with labour movement and also in the wider public realm at the moment. “This ambiguous line that Labour supports the strike but doesn’t want its front bench members appearing on the picket line doesn’t seem to hold. “The unions are vocal. “They’re very strong about this. “They want expressions of support from the party that are allied with and indeed fund”. READ MORE: Furious 'Irexiteers' lose patience with EU Referring to Ms Nandy’s visit at a picket line, she added: “I think this [situation] is difficult for Kier Starmer. “It looks like Lisa Nandy has forced him into a U-turn here. “It looks like the previous ban has probably lapsed with this move from her. “It just sort of brings into focus where Labour stands on the strike really, which is a confused position at the moment”. DON'T MISS: GB News: Stanley Johnson warns Boris' comeback blocked by plotters [WATCH]Yorkshire fire: Buildings evacuated as 10 fire appliances attend  [LISTEN]'Ask the peiple’ Remainers in new demand for second Brexit referendum [INSIGHT] The comments came after Ms Nandy was seen meeting striking workers at a picket line in her constituency Wigan. Ms Nandy, for instance, was pictured in a photograph tweeted by North West Regional Secretary of the Communication Workers Union Carl Webb showing Ms Nandy visiting the picket line. The post on Twitter read: “Thanks Lisa Nandy for taking the time to visit the @cwugmersey Wigan picket line this morning to speak to #TheCWU BT & Openreach members on strike and show solidarity It came after Kier Starmer warned his front bench MPs that they should not join striking workers on picket lines. The Labour leader, for instance, told his frontbenchers that Labour Party should move on from being a “party of protest” to one that can win the next general election so that they can support workers. READ NEXT: Leafy UK town shaken as 'teenage boy stabbed to death' in streetRachel Johnson demands Brits skipping GP appointment hit with £30 fineIrish CEO says there 'no catastrophic failure' in trade after BrexitRussia panics as ex-Putin ally suddenly taken ill after leaving MoscowBiden claims 'justice delivered' as US airstrike kills Al Qaeda leader