Princess Beatrice, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and their daughter Sienna have been seen flying with low-cost airline Wizz Air, HELLO! reported. The couple were spotted flying from Malaga, in Spain, to London Gatwick airport over the weekend. "I was so shocked to see Princess Beatrice flying Wizz Air. She was travelling with her family and had a child's car seat with her," the source told HELLO!. Princess Beatrice and Edoardo reportedly spent a budget-friendly family holiday in the south of Spain. Although it is believed the couple arrived at Malaga airport, it is not known if they stayed in the Andalucian city or if they headed to another Spanish destination. READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 5 common foods banned from flights  It is likely Princess Beatrice and Edoardo chose the city of Malaga or a town nearby to spend a relaxing summer holiday. Marbella and Puerto Banus are two of the most popular destinations near Malaga. In Malaga city, tourists can visit the vibrant city centre with its famous Calle Larios, the port of Malaga or the historic site Alcazaba. On Tripadvisor, traveller JnVSydney, who recently visited the city, recommended heading to Calle Larios for shopping, food and drinks.  He explained: "This lovely walkway ticks all the boxes, immaculately clean and not packed. "In our opinion the perfect place to shop and enjoy the moment." In Puerto Banus, visitor Hermes_NL recommended the main beach saying: "The beach straight east of that Marina is quite pleasant with a number of relaxed beach clubs and clean sand." Marbella has a charming old town that according to a holidaymaker, "must be visited". READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip VeljaPeja explained on Tripadvisor: "Fantastic and authentic. This is the place which must be visited if you are going to stay in Marbella. Cosy, traditional and beautiful." Another one, Grantos77, added: "Really enjoyed spending a few hours here. There were plenty of people around enjoying the sights. "Very pretty courtyard setting in which to have lunch as well as other lovely bars and restaurants amongst the little cobbled lanes. Nice individual boutique shops too." Holidaymakers can travel to Malaga this month for just £18 with Wizz Air. Princess Beatrice and Edoardo were spotted earlier this year enjoying a ski holiday in Verbier with Sarah Ferguson, sister Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank. Beatrice married Edoardo at the Royal Chapel of All Saints at Royal Lodge, in Windsor, in July 2020. Their daughter Sienna was born a year after and was christened in April 2022. The couple started dating in 2018 after a friend introduced them and soon got engaged in Italy in 2019.