The Rings of Power forms part of the Lord of the Rings franchise and the Prime Video series makes its debut on September 1. The prequel series will be streamed globally with the first two episodes airing on the same day. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time it airs. Viewers will be transported back to Middle-earth for the upcoming series based on J R R Tolkien's books. The fantasy drama is made up of eight episodes for the first season, with episodes one and two airing together. Fans in America, Canada and Latin America will be able to watch the premiere from 6pm PT and 9pm ET on September 1. For those in the UK, they will have access to the first two episodes from 2am on September 2. For viewers in other locations, they can watch on September 2 from 11am in Australia, 3am in Europe, 6.30am in India, 10am in Japan, 5am in the Middle East and 1pm in New Zealand. READ MORE: How to watch The Rings Of Power for FREE on Prime New episodes will continue to air weekly on Fridays at the same time. The full episode schedule is as follows: Episode one – Thursday, September 1/Friday, September 2 Episode two – Thursday, September 1/Friday, September 2 Episode three – Friday, September 9 Episode four – Friday, September 16 Episode five – Friday, September 23 Episode six – Friday, September 30 Episode seven – Friday, October 7 Episode eight – Friday, October 14 The latest trailer has been revealed and it shows Galadriel (played by Morfydd Clark) speaking of how her brother gave his life hunting the enemy. She says: "His task is now mine. Stand with me. Ours was no chance meeting. Not fate, nor destiny. Ours was the work of something greater." Every living soul is forced to decide who they shall be, a hero or someone full of fear for what is to come. Galadriel asks: "Choose not the path of fear, but that of faith." DON'T MISS... Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT] Lord of the Rings trailer: Rings of Power promo teases 'end of man' [VIDEO] Lord of the Rings series: Amazon boss drops update on Rings of Power [INSIGHT] Jeff Bezos, the executive chairman of Amazon, made a surprise appearance at the global premiere for the series. He paid tribute to showrunners Patrick McKay and J.D. Payne, saying: "Every showrunners’ dream is to get notes and early scripts and cuts from the Executive Chairman, they just love that. "I want to thank you both for listening whenever it helped but mostly I need to thank you for ignoring me at exactly the right times. “My kid is a huge Tolkien fan and after Amazon got involved he came up to me, looked me in the eye and said ‘Dad, please don’t f*ck this up’.” The series is set thousands of years before the events of Tolkien's The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. The Rings of Power follows both familiar and new characters as they face the re-emergence of evil in Middle-earth. The synopsis reads: "From the darkest depths of the Misty Mountains to the majestic forests of Lindon, to the breathtaking island kingdom of Númenor, to the furthest reaches of the map, these kingdoms and characters will carve out legacies that live on long after they are gone."  Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power airs on Amazon Prime Video from Thursday, September 1 at 6pm PT and 9pm ET. Fans in the UK will be able to watch from 2am the following morning.