Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress, said: “Most of us enjoyed the heatwave but while we were making the most of the sun, a storm was brewing. There is no specific day for flying ant day, it’s usually around mid to late August and it typically happens after a heatwave. The reason for this being that ants prefer humid weather and they use this time to get on the lookout for a new home and whilst that’s all well and good, it becomes a real nuisance for those of us who enjoy spending time in our gardens and outdoors. “Ants in the UK aren’t dangerous but they can be extremely irritating. “We’ve put together some ways to get rid of ants in your garden before they’ve even become a problem.” One way Britons can get rid of ants is to place them on top of the ants’ soil mounds. The expert said the ants will move their eggs into the tins during the day as they heat up. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Chris added: “Slide a card under the tin in the afternoon, and you can then dispose of the next generation of ants before they’ve even had a chance to become a nuisance. “If you don’t mind using a traditional chemical treatment,  dust this around doors, patios or other dry areas where any pathways are spotted. “These powders also work on other crawling insects and wasps too. “But it’s worth being extra careful how and where you use them, especially if you have young children around.” DON'T MISS:Clean guttering now to avoid damage to your home amid heavy rain [COMMENT]How to prune all plants ‘effectively’ to ‘encourage’ growth [EXPERT]‘Effective’ homemade mulches which ‘won’t cost you anything to make’ [EXPLAINER] Spices can also help to keep ants at bay. This includes sprinkling cayenne pepper and cinnamon around the plants as it can to deter them. Chris recommended mint and garlic too as “they hate the smell”. The expert added: “Similar to the washing up liquid trick, simply fill a spray bottle with a mixture of water and white vinegar and get spraying. READ MORE: ‘Quick and inexpensive’ kitchen updates to ‘add value’ to your home “If you find you need something stronger you can ditch the water and spray affected areas with white vinegar alone.” One free way to get rid of ants is to use boiling water. This can be used on cracks in paving, or nests in lawns where any activity is spotted. Chris explained: “Simply pour boiling water onto the area and this should not only get rid of any ants you can see, but any pupae it touches as far as it penetrates the ground. “Try to avoid your flower beds and borders, or any planters, as you don’t want to steam your coleus in the process.” Washing up liquid can also be used in a spray bottle filled with water. The expert said this homemade spray is often used to get rid of aphids. He added: “[Use artificial sweetener]. This is one to put you off using the stuff yourself, as it is deadly to insects. “You’ll need to mix it with something like apple juice to make it palatable to the ants, but this then creates a paste that is toxic to them. “Simply pour a bit near to nesting sites and the ants will carry it back to the colony, meaning masses of them will consume the poisonous paste and knock back the population.”