NCIS Los Angeles' cast has had some major changes in recent years with the departure of Eric Beale (played by Barrett Foa) and Nell Jones (Renee Felice Smith), as well as the introduction of a few new faces. The CBS police procedural will be back for season 14 in a few months' time with more investigations for the iconic team to crack. There is one original star though that fans are desperate to see make a comeback for this upcoming series. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. For the past couple of seasons, Operations Manager Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt) has only made sporadic appearances in NCIS LA. She popped in to say farewell to Eric and Nell before leaving the drama for good and has visited the office a few times to update the team on cases. But due to the coronavirus pandemic and her vulnerability as a 77-year-old woman, actress Linda Hunt has been purposefully kept at arms' length during filming. She was actually supposed to make a full return in season 13 but the ongoing global situation meant this had to be postponed. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 Thankfully, the end is in sight as showrunner R Scott Gemmill has confirmed Hetty will be back for season 14. He has even explained how he wants to work the operations manager into the upcoming wedding of Agent G Callen (Chris O'Donnell) and Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly). Speaking to TV Line, Gemmill said: "[Callen] realises he has unfinished business, and wouldn't want to get married without Hetty present. "The plan is to go and rescue her at some point, find out what she's gotten herself into." The plan is still in the development stage though with NCIS LA's production company still acting on the side of caution. Gemmill continued: "We're just trying to figure out schedule-wise when we can pull that off. "That was the plan last year, too, but it didn’t come to fruition. We had a bit of a [Covid variant] surge, but things seem to be settling down a bit. "Hopefully, nothing new comes along and we can make the happen this year." DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [REACTION]NCIS fans think Gary Cole will beat co-stars in season 20 credits  [EXPLAINER]NCIS fans in meltdown as star confirms Ducky's season 20 return [CAST] At the end of season 13, Callen finally took action, getting down on one knee to propose to Ana. The couple has been dating on and off for several years now so their engagement was long overdue. The last time there was a wedding on NCIS LA, Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) had Hetty ordained to hold the ceremony. So could Hetty be welcomed back especially to unite Callen and Ana in matrimony? Elsewhere in the NCIS universe, NCIS and NCIS Hawaii are also returning to CBS for seasons 20 and two respectively. It has been confirmed that NCIS' premiere will be a crossover event with NCIS Hawaii for a second time. The plot has so far remained under wraps but it is going to be exciting to see the two teams reunite. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 premieres on Sunday, October 9, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.