Tyson Fury has called out Oleksandr Usyk for an undisputed unification bout, a week after re-retiring. 'The Gypsy King' took to social media to send a stern warning to the Ukrainian following his split decision victory over Anthony Joshua last night in Saudi Arabia. "Hi, guys, Tyson Fury here aka The Gypsy King. I've just seen Joshua lose for a second time to Usyk. However, England has been relieved of its belts yet again as usual but there is a remedy and a solution that I can suggest. If you want those belts back, then send in the gypsy barbarian of England, come on!" bellowed Fury during a video posted online. "Send me in I will relieve the Ukrainian dosser of his belts like I did the last Ukrainian dosser. But it's not going to be cheap, if you want the best then you've got to pay. It's going to be very expensive so get your f***ing cheque book out and I will relieve that Ukraine dosser of them belts. Get up!" His message comes after Fury told boxing fans that he would once again be stepping away from the sport following a very brief retirement U-turn. The Mancunian had originally called it quits after a stoppage victory over Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium in April but later stated that he would return to face Derek Chisora for a third time in December.  However, days later, he announced that the fight was off due to Chisora 'pricing himself out' of the showdown and once again affirmed he would never box again. Most believed Fury would return despite his insistence and that appears to be the case once more (at least for now). Luckily for boxing fans, the bout shouldn't be hard to make with Usyk also very keen to take the fight. 'The Cat' claimed after his points victory in Jeddah that he would retire from the sport if he wasn't given the Fury bout next. "I'm convinced Tyson Fury is not retired. I want to fight Tyson Fury, if I'm not fighting Tyson Fury then I'm not fighting at all," said the Ukrainian during his post-fight interview. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua and Usyk fears raised as ref fails to sort out 'issue' Joshua trainer Garcia ‘to blame’ if Usyk pulls off victory again Joshua 'unfocused' theory backed ahead of Saudi showdown with Usyk Should the fight take place then it will be the first heavyweight undisputed unification clash of the four-belt era with Fury putting up his WBC belt and Usyk his WBA (super), IBF, and WBO straps. Fury has been given until August 26 to provide his final decision to the WBC sanctioning body as to whether he wishes to vacate the green strap. It appears at least from this video that Fury will choose to keep it and challenge the pound-for-pound king next.   