Piers Morgan, 57, has shared his distaste for current Prime Minister Boris Johnson, 58, as he launches his farewell tour whilst children are being "subjected to such humiliation and hunger". The former Good Morning Britain presenter was responding to a video from a fellow journalist where a dinner lady admitted she cries going to work most mornings as she has to deny 10-15 children food every shift. Political correspondent Ava-Santina shared a clip on Twitter of an interview with a school dinner lady. The dinner lady admitted she has been reduced to tears as she has been left having to deny children food as they don't have the money on their prepaid cards. She claimed the situation had gotten worse since the cost-of-living crisis and feels sorry for the children as they are being "humiliated" in front of their peers. Watching the video, Piers couldn't help but tell his 7.9 million Twitter followers his view on the situation and Boris Johnson. READ MORE: Edith Bowman left 'speechless' after being 'edged out' of Radio 1 Piers exclaimed: "This shames Britain. No child should be subjected to such humiliation & hunger. "How dare Boris Johnson go on some absurd ‘victory lap’ tour when this is happening on his watch?" Social media users rushed to the comments to share their view on Piers' strong opinion and what they think needs to be done. TimJackson said: "Looking at the replies it’s sad how many people don’t understand both the causes of and consequences of poverty. "I wish to understand more that many people work hard and still are stuck in poverty. Have they not noticed the cost of living crisis?" DanielleSpur added: "I work in a school, I buy my own bread and cereals for those who come to school that haven’t been fed or are hungry. "The school doesn’t pay for this, I do. Because children cannot learn if they’re hungry or worried about if they’re going to eat today. This shouldn’t be the case! "What will make things worse this year is that teacher pay raises aren't being funded by the government, but by the schools which will decrease budgets even more." DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [OPINION] Lord Sugar defends Meghan Markle as he blasts critic over interview [COMMENT] Madonna aims dig at Sean Penn and Guy Ritchie with marriage 'regret' [HOLLYWOOD] During the tour, Boris is expected to take a boastful tone, claiming the government has made progress in recruiting police officers, a manifesto pledge. He also intends to highlight his successes with nuclear power and wind energy The Tory leader has previously noted his top achievements as getting Brexit done and steering the country through Covid lockdowns. However, the PM's time in power has been far from plain sailing with the Partygate scandal, the refurbishment of his Downing Street flat as well as his recent response to the Owen Paterson lobbying scandal. Boris also received criticism when he admitted that he was aware of the allegation about MP Chris Pincher when he appointed him deputy chief whip. His initial denial led to around 60 ministers resigning, subsequently forcing Boris out of office. There are rumours he is planning to re-enter politics at a later date after he refused to rule out a political comeback yesterday. When questioned on a possible future in politics, he replied: "I think on the whole people in this country are more interested in their gigabit broadband than they are in the fate of this or that politician." The tour will continue across other parts of the UK this week as Mr Johnson says his final goodbyes.