Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is confident about signing Sergino Dest from Barcelona before the summer transfer window slams shut, according to reports. The Red Devils have spent the last few months chasing Frenkie de Jong. And, with the clock ticking down, an end to that saga is finally in sight. Manchester United want a new right-back this summer. Aaron Wan-Bissaka has never been able to achieve consistency since arriving from Crystal Palace three years ago, while the same can be said for Diogo Dalot as well. Now, according to Sport, United boss Ten Hag is ‘confident’ about signing Dest from Barcelona as he eyes upgrades at Old Trafford. It’s claimed that, in recent hours, the Red Devils have moved to accelerate Wan-Bissaka’s departure so they can use the funds towards fresh reinforcements. Ten Hag previously managed Dest at Ajax and he believes the USA international can be a vital asset for him in the Premier League. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything The United boss also feels the Barcelona star will be willing to move, having blown hot and cold since moving two years ago. Barcelona want a fee in the region of £17million in order to let Dest go as they look to balance their finances after a big summer of investment. Or they may even loan the 21-year-old out, providing United agree to a mandatory purchase as part of any agreement. Barcelona want to strengthen at right-back this summer, with the next few days ‘decisive’ when it comes to Dest and his future. Thomas Meunier appears to be on their radar right now, having long played at the top with the likes of Borussia Dortmund and Paris Saint-Germain in the past. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already Both Dalot and Wan-Bissaka have also been linked with Barcelona, but it’s hard to see United letting the pair leave at the same time. And, amid the Red Devils’ pursuit of Dest, De Jong remains a player they’re eager to sign. Over the weekend, it was reported the Netherlands international had told team-mates at Barcelona that he could end up moving to Old Trafford. And that will be welcome news to United, who are short on midfielders following the summer departures of Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. If both Dest and De Jong do join the Red Devils, they’ll become the sixth and seventh signings from La Liga since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Under Louis van Gaal, the club recruited the likes of Ander Herrera, Victor Valdes and Angel Di Maria. When Jose Mourinho ruled the roost, the Portuguese raided Villarreal for Eric Bailly - who remains at the club. And United snapped up Raphael Varane under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer 12 months ago, a decade after Ferguson had failed to lure him to England. Speaking before Brentford battered Ten Hag’s side on Saturday, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted he was hoping for more reinforcements. “When Manchester United is not performing, not winning, that’s normal,” he said. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I would be more in panic when there wasn’t panic because we have to win. “That is the demand. Still, I would say panic isn’t the right word. It’s more like, ‘Come on, we have to act’. We have to think bright and do the right things. “Of course it would be my preference because we could be starting the process earlier [making these signings], that’s quite clear but the season is long and you have to get in the right players.” United are next in action against Liverpool next Monday. And they’ll be hoping to avoid a repeat of the two chastening defeats they suffered to the Reds last term, where they lost 5-0 and 4-0 at Old Trafford and Anfield respectively. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here