The Russian aviation sector saw itself cut off by western partners as American and European sanctions prevent Moscow to receive assistance from abroad. According to Russian daily Izvestia, flagship carrier Aeroflot has started dismantling some of its aircraft to recycle parts to fix other planes. The newspaper reported that the transport ministry is looking into issuing new rules to regulate how carriers use parts of existing planes to replace broken ones. It comes as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he had discussed "Russia's nuclear terrorism" at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in southern Ukraine during a call on Tuesday with French President Emmanuel Macron. Mr Zelensky, writing on Twitter, gave no further details of their discussions on the plant, which Russia seized in March following its invasion of Ukraine on February 24. On Monday, the Ukranian leader urged the world to show "strength and decisiveness" to defend the nuclear power station, Europe's largest, following shelling in the vicinity of the plant which Kyiv and Moscow blame on each other. He wrote: "Continued dialogue with French President @emmanuelmacron. "Informed about the situation at the front, Russia's nuclear terrorism at the ZNPP (Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant). "Thanked (him) for France's tangible defence aid. READ MORE: Russia forces British aircraft out of airspace "Discussed macro-financial aid to Ukraine & food security challenges. "We must increase sanctions on Russia." But Russian state gas company Gazprom said on Tuesday that European gas prices could spike by 60 percent to more than $4,000 per 1,000 cubic metres this winter, as the company's own export and production continues to fall amid Western sanctions. Gas flows from Russia, Europe's top supplier, are running at reduced levels this year, after one route was shut when Moscow sent troops into Ukraine in February and after sanctions triggered a dispute about the Nord Stream 1 pipeline's equipment. DON'T MISS:Russian army mutiny: Troops take commander prisoner [INSIGHT]Russia uprising as anti-Putin protesters deface giant 'Z' [ANALYSIS]Taiwan officials warned by China for supporting independence [VIDEO] Gas prices have surged as a result. "European spot gas prices have reached $2,500 (per 1,000 cubic metres). According to conservative estimates, if such a tendency persists, prices will exceed $4,000 per 1,000 cubic metres this winter," Gazprom said. Dutch wholesale gas prices hit an all-time high of nearly 335 euros per megawatt hour (MWh) in spring. They have dipped since then to around 226.00 euros per MWh on Tuesday but remain far higher than a year ago when they were about 46 euros per MWh.