Marco Pierre White Jr, 27, has been sentenced to 18 months in jail after being charged with a string of offences, including stealing from a shop and racially abusing a Tesco security guard. The former Big Brother star is the son of British celebrity chef Marco Pierre White, 60. White pleaded guilty to a total of 14 offences committed in Bath between January 2021 and April 2022. The star’s offences included possessing a knife, possessing heroin, shoplifting and a racially aggravated public order. White is already struggling to cope in jail while on remand, according to his defence lawyer Catherine Flint. She told MailOnline: “His dad is well-known and known to be wealthy. [White] has suffered bullying, intimidation, extortion, threats of violence and actual violence.  “He is finding it incredibly difficult in prison. He is terrified at the thought of ever having to go back.” Today, Judge Mark Horton at Bristol Crown Court sentenced White to 11 months in jail, with an additional 32 weeks of a previously suspended sentence to run consecutively. The prosecution’s Ieuan Callaghan described to the court how White stole £2,496 worth of clothes from Wadswick Country Store. He went on to tell the court that police had found the reality star counting money in a car in Bath, with not all of the clothes present. He is also said to have stolen a credit card holder from the luxury Mulberry store, Ray Ban sunglasses from Jollies and some alcohol from Waitrose, a credit card holder from the luxury Mulberry store and Ray Ban sunglasses from Jollies. Another guilty plea related to an incident involving a security guard at a Tesco Express in Bath. White admitted that he had racially abused the guard, prompting the store to ban him. The star has been battling heroin addiction since he got into a car accident at the age of 18, his solicitor has stated. Miss Flint went on to insist that, while he was offered drugs in jail, White has chosen to detox from substances so far. She went on to describe him as “deeply ashamed” of his actions, which included saying racist slurs. The lawyer added that White has been offered a chef position at his father’s restaurant upon his release. “He would very much like an opportunity from this court for another chance to try and get his life back on track,” she said. Meanwhile, the judge noted: “It is addiction that causes intelligent people, from good backgrounds, who had every prospect, to cheat, lie and steal on a regular basis with a complete incapacity to stop doing so.” White competed on the reality series Big Brother in 2016 before being the first contestant to be evicted on day 11. He was previously engaged to Kim Melville-Smith but stated that the engagement had been called off after he appeared in the Big Brother house. Jason Burrill went on to win the series, with Hughie Maughan placing second.