Manchester United players were embroiled in a huge dressing room argument just two days before their 4-0 defeat to Brentford, according to reports. Erik ten Hag's side were blown away at the Gtech Community Stadium as Thomas Frank's team ran riot. And it seems like the turbulence of last season is continuing over at Old Trafford. Manchester United entered their match with Brentford looking to bounce back after losing 2-1 to Brighton on the opening day of the new Premier League season. But Ten Hag’s side endured yet another horrendous afternoon, losing 4-0 with Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo all on target for the home side. And, now, the Manchester Evening News say United players were involved in a huge dressing room row just 48 hours before that contest. It’s claimed sources close to some of the firs-steam players say this happened at Carrington, with players ‘quarrelling’ in the aftermath of the Brighton defeat. Hannibal Mejbri and Alex Telles clashed back in May after another loss to the same team. But it’s unclear who the individuals involved in this row are at this stage, in yet another issue for Ten Hag to contend with. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything It’s said the cliques that plagued Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term still exist within the squad. And there are certain players who want to leave who are still there, much to their dismay. Cristiano Ronaldo is one individual who is eager to quit United, with the 37-year-old eager to play in the Champions League as he enters the twilight years of his career. But the club have responded furiously to claims they may terminate his contract. United could still sell Ronaldo before the transfer window slams shut on August 1, however, with Ten Hag pondering that after two abject performances on his watch so far. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already There are members of the United squad who don’t support the 52-year-old’s stance on Harry Maguire, either. The England international has been able to retain the captaincy this term, despite struggling under both Solskjaer and Rangnick last term. Some believe Maguire shouldn’t be afforded such a rank. And they also think it would be wise to drop the England international, who was one of the worst players on the pitch during the Brentford defeat. Ronaldo has indiscreetly criticised Maguire in the past, according to the publication, so it’ll be interesting to see how Ten Hag reacts. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team On Sunday, United players were meant to have the day off. But Ten Hag decided to drag them in as punishment for the Brentford debacle, making them run over 13kilometres in the extreme heat. This, it’s stated, left members of his squad in ‘ruins’. And United will now be aiming to bounce back when they face off against Liverpool at Old Trafford next Monday. Their odds of winning appear slim, however, after losing both games against Jurgen Klopp’s side last term. Speaking after the defeat at the Gtech Community Stadium, meanwhile, Ten Hag apologised for his team’s performance. “It is difficult for me,” he said. “It is always a surprise when you start a game like this. “After 35 minutes we conceded four goals. This is not possible. The team has to take the responsibility, I feel really sorry for the fans who did everything to support us, we let them down.” And he added: “They are good players, and have to take responsibility on the pitch, as a team and as individuals, and that’s what we didn’t do. I asked them to play with belief and take responsibility for their performance, and that’s what they didn’t do. “It’s only when we stick together and work hard that we will overcome that. You have to take belief on to the pitch for yourself and the team. “Don’t get me wrong, the manager is responsible as well, he has the main responsibility, and I take that. And I will work on that. I have to give them belief, but they have to give it by themselves.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here