Raising Kanan is back on Starz and the second outing of the Power spin-off has gone down a huge hit with fans. Plenty of new faces have offered a breath of fresh air this season, with LeToya Luckett causing a stir. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the singer and actress is. In the new season of Raising Kanan, viewers learned how Kenya used to date Marvin Thomas (London Brown). She left the family when Jukebox was very young and tried to make it in LA as a singer. However, she ended up settling in Harlem, where church is a big part of her life. LeToya is perhaps best known for her music as one of the founding members of the '90s girl band Destiny's Child. By the 2000's she had started her solo career, releasing her first solo album in 2006. READ MORE: Where are the Last of the Summer Wine cast now? The star is now 41 years old and she was born on March 11, 1981. At the peak of Destiny's Child's fame, she would have been in her early 20s. Becoming one of the world's best-selling groups of all time was a huge achievement for someone of her age. Although she is still a singer, she has turned her attention to acting, landing a huge role in the film Preacher's Kid. She is also recognised for her roles in Treme, Single Ladies and Greenleaf. READ MORE: Marriage star Nicola Walker's past co-stars labelled her 'laziest' After a stint in acting she returned to music in 2017, releasing her third studio album. In terms of her personal life, she has two children with her ex-husband, Tommicus Walker. Their daughter, Gianna Iman Walker, was born in January 2019 and their son Tysun Wolf Walker was born in September 2020. In July 2021, LeToya confirmed she was no longer married to Tommicus. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Faye speaks out on being 'horrible' to co-star [INSIGHT] Raising Kanan's Raq star pays touching tribute to ‘talented’ crew [DISCUSSION] Raising Kanan's Raq star speaks out on character's fate [INTERVIEW] The star has been in the spotlight since the 1990s when she joined Beyoncé Knowles, LaTavia Roberson, and Kelly Rowland as part of Destiny's Child. The group began their career as Girl's Tyme but did not have much success to begin with. In 1997 they were signed to Columbia Records as Destiny's Child and they had a number of hit singles. The singer is on Instagram and she shared some snaps of herself at the Raising Kanan launch party. READ MORE: 'Not a good lesson' Amanda Owen breaks down after tragic loss at farm Wearing a silk blazer dress, the star wrote: "The other night was a VIBE. "Shout out to the beautiful cast & crew of @raisingkananstarz love you guys so much! "Who’s ready for season 2?!? It’s gonna be one for the books! Meet #Kenya August 14th on @starz." Her fans said she looked "beautiful" and "gorgeous" in the snap.  Raising Kanan airs on Starz at 9pm on Sundays. Fans in the UK can watch via STARZPlay.