Painting is a common DIY job done by homeowners to improve their property. While it may seem simple, it can be tricky to get professional looking results. Michael Rolland, interior expert and MD of The Paint Shed, has shared top tips to make painting less stressful. The expert explained: “It may seem obvious but ensuring your walls are pristine before you start painting will make for a smoother finish and application. “Use a damp cloth over the surface of the wall, you can also use sugar soap or a mixture of washing up liquid and water if you need a more thorough clean of high traffic areas or those that have been exposed to grease. “Don’t forget to check hidden areas such as behind the radiators to keep your paintwork as clean as possible. Although you don’t necessarily need to paint this spot, the dust that lingers could make its way out into your paint.” The expert also recommended washing all the paint brushes you intend to use. This will help to remove any loose bristles which can ruin the finish on the walls. READ MORE: 'Instant money-saver' Swap your oven for popular kitchen appliance It is recommended to wash them in a mixture of diluted washing up liquid and fabric softener. Michael continued: “A general rule to remember when it comes to painting any room, is to paint in the correct order. You should always start at the top and work your way down. This means ceilings before walls and walls come before skirting boards. “Start by mixing your paint and then on a ladder cut in along the ceiling with a brush. Then using a roller attached to an extension pole you can paint the rest of the ceiling. Repeat this process when painting the walls, use a brush for edges then a roller before working your way down. “Keep a clean damp cloth handy to remove any mistakes quickly, if a drop of paint is heading for the floor over the woodwork you can quickly wipe it away before it dries.” DON'T MISS:‘Simple’ guide to pruning wisteria - job to do now [COMMENT]Top 10 gardening jobs for August - from pruning to mowing lawn [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares job to ‘do now’ to ‘extend’ tomato harvesting period [EXPLAINER] To save time later, DIYers can also cover their paint trays using liners or tinfoil. The expert said: “This hack will not only save you a huge amount of time washing up but also a money-saver if you find yourself buying a new tray after every paint job. You can use thin plastic liners or simply use tin-foil to line your paint trays. “Once you’re done painting you can simply take off the liner or foil and throw it away. “There is nothing worse than having a messy paint can with paint dripping all around the edges. To avoid this, place a rubber band around your paint can before you begin painting. READ MORE: Five turn-offs that could make your home harder to sell “This will give you something to remove excess paint on without the paint collecting in the ridge of the opening and getting onto the lid or dripping down the sides of the tin.” Clingfilm can also be used to protect the paint if not using it all at once. It will help to prevent dust, dirt and flaky paint from falling into the paint as well as keeping it fresh. If using tape around walls and skirting boards, it is essential this is removed while the paint is still wet. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to the expert, this will get a “professional finish”. Micheal said: “If you’re finding it tricky to remove painter’s/masking tape, especially if it has been left on for too long, then this hack will be a lifesaver. Grab your hair dryer and blow hot air onto the tape, doing so will reactivate the adhesive making it easier to remove! “Take your time lifting up the painter's tape, pull it back on itself, removing it at a 45 degree angle.” Painting walls should always be done in natural daylight. According to the expert, this will expose the need for another coat or any missed sections. Michael added: “You might not realise it but lighting can have a huge effect on the look of paint therefore you should avoid painting interior surfaces in dim light. The painted surface may look fine at first, but when you uncover the windows or turn on bright lights you’ll likely see thin patches and other imperfections. “Exterior painting projects should not be carried out in direct sunlight. This will cause the paint to dry too quickly which means that lap marks, drips and imperfections are impossible to avoid. “Make sure you chase the shade, know roughly where the sun is going to be throughout the day, remember it rises in the east and sets in the west. If your garden is a sun trap then make sure to start painting early in the morning and later in the afternoon/early evening when the sun isn’t at its highest.”