Peter O’Toole, had three children, two daughters from his ex-wife and following his divorce had a son with his girlfriend at the time. He was a much-loved actor, rising to fame in the 1960s and remaining in the entertainment industry until barely a year before his death. The actor sadly passed away in 2013 aged 81 after a long battle with stomach cancer, but revelations on where his estate went saw O’Toole making news headlines months after his death. Part of his stomach, as well as his pancreas, had already been removed in 1976 which left him insulin-dependent and the star almost died in 1979 from a blood disorder. According to Celebrity Net Worth, he had an estimated net worth of $50million (£40million) at the time of his death. O’Toole’s will described a long list of beneficiaries, including £200,000 being left for his personal assistant. For his family, O’Toole left an estimated £760,000 to his son Lorcan and £4million to his eldest daughter, Kate. READ MORE: 'Get a job' Danny Baker blasts 'toff' Prince William after taking Lionesses' Euro glory However, O’Toole’s younger daughter Patricia received not a single penny. The public was shocked at this revelation, especially when it was revealed Patricia’s daughter Jessica had reportedly received £360,000 and the actor’s Mini Cooper. Jessica was just 14 at the time her grandfather died and would only be able to receive her hefty inheritance when she turned 18. Kate and Patricia were both born out of O’Toole’s marriage with actress Sian Phillips. The marriage lasted two decades, ending in divorce in 1979, with Phillips reportedly leaving O’Toole for a younger man. O’Toole then met his girlfriend, Karen Brown, and the pair welcomed Lorcan O’Toole into the world when the actor was 50. The Daily Mail reported O’Toole’s will stated he was making “no provision” for Patricia. The father and daughter had been estranged for a few years, another surprise revelation to fans and closer acquaintances of the actor. They had kept their estrangement private, with the reasons for their parting seemingly unknown. O’Toole himself had not spoken, or even hinted, at being estranged from his daughter during his life. In December 2013, O’Toole’s two daughters, Kate and Patricia, put on a heartwarming and memorable display at the actor's funeral as the sisters waltzed down the aisle. When the revelation of their estrangement and O’Toole’s apparent snubbing of Patricia in his will became public, fans flocked to the actor's daughter for answers. She responded in 2014: “I appreciate it is interesting to the public, but it is a personal and family matter. I do not wish to make any comment.” In O’Toole’s will, it was highlighted that years before his death O’Toole had given Patricia a 25 percent share in his company Keep Films Ltd. The will added that she should get “substantial financial benefit” from these shares after his death. Many of O’Toole’s possessions, including his artworks, books and some luxury accessories were left to Kate, who also shared O’Toole’s remaining chattels with Lorcan.