Game of Thrones may be done and dusted with but Westeros has been brought back to life in the shape of its prequel House of the Dragon. Set 200 years before the HBO fantasy drama, it tells the tale of the civil war known as the Dance of the Dragons. In the series, the focus is on Daenerys Targaryen's (played by Emilia Clarke) ancestors who are all fighting for the Iron Throne. House of the Dragon premiered last week on Sunday, August 21 and will now return for its second instalment on Sunday, August 28. This will be for those living in the States as HBO is only available for those in America and is also going to come out on its streaming service HBO Max. For these fans, House of the Dragon episode two is going to come out at 9pm ET/PT. It's a slightly different story for UK viewers since they'll have to wait a day later for the show's next instalment. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda jokes Clive 'shouldn't have' let her in House of the Dragon episode two will be ready to watch at 9pm on Monday, August 29, on Sky Atlantic. The same episode is also going to be dropped on Sky's popular streaming service NOW. However, there is an alternative if you really can't wait that long to see what latest action those in America have been treated to. As House of the Dragon is airing on HBO, UK viewers can watch it on Sky Atlantic at 2am BST. So while the time itself is different, due to the globe being split into a number of time zones, US and UK fans can technically catch up on the prequel at the same moment. House of the Dragon is made up of 10 episodes in total, each one coming out in the same time slot every week. This second episode is entitled The Rogue Prince and is bound to focus on the aftermath of King Viserys’ (Paddy Considine) decision. After his wife Aemma (Sian Brooke) and son die in childbirth, he must choose who his next heir must be. It is between his daughter Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D'Arcy) or his brother Prince Daemon (Matt Smith). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' exit twist for Kerry Wyatt [EXIT]House of the Dragon fans 'expose' Otto as Aemma Targaryen's killer [REACTION]Milly Alcock age: How old is the House of the Dragon star? [CAST] After hearing the latter speak ill of his deceased child, Viserys names Rhaenyra as the next in line to the throne. They aren't the only ones gunning for the throne though as The Hand of the King, Otto Hightower (Rhys Ifans) has got his own plan. He is hoping for his daughter Alicent (Emily Carey) to take over the throne so starts working on trying to push a romance between them. So is the king going to fall for this trick or will he stick to his original choice of his daughter? Talking about his character Daemon to GQ, actor Smith said: "I think there's a sort of inner fragility to him that I was very interested in. "Yes, I do think he is a man that sort of instinctually, naturally, is quite a violent person. "But I think there's a weird sense of morality, and it's warped, but it is, nevertheless, a sense of morality to him. "And sometimes he thinks he's doing the right thing, however violent and obtuse his behaviour may appear." House of the Dragon continues every Sunday at 9pm ET/PT on HBO and every Monday on Sky Atlantic at 9pm in the UK.