To support households with rocketing living costs, the Government has been distributing cost of living payments out to those in need over the summer. More instalments are due to be made over the upcoming months, but a lot of the payment dates have yet to be confirmed. However, those expecting a disability cost of living payment should see funds very soon, the Government has announced today. To be eligible for the disability cost of living payment of a one-off £150, individuals must have been claiming any of the following benefits on May 25, 2022: The payment is in place to help disabled people with the rising cost of living, acknowledging the higher disability-related costs they often face, such as care and mobility needs. READ MORE: Universal Credit: When you can expect second cost of living payment   Those qualifying for the disability cost of living payment, which amounts to around six million people in the UK, will see the payment land in accounts from September 20, 2022. This will take place automatically, with the vast majority of those eligible expected to receive the one-off payment within a couple of weeks by the beginning of October. For disabled people on a low income, this payment comes in addition to the other Cost of Living payments of £650, £400 for all households to help with energy bills and the extra £150 for properties in Council Tax bands A-D in England. Over eight million eligible households in receipt of a means-tested benefit received the first of two automatic Cost of Living payments of £326 from July 14, while the second means-tested payment of £324 is due to be issued later this year.  Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work Chloe Smith said: “We know disabled people can face additional costs, which is why we are acting to help reduce the financial pressures on the most vulnerable. “This £150 disability payment is on top of the £1,200 most low-income benefit claimants will also receive and alongside wider support targeted at disabled people, including help with transport and prescription costs. “We know it’s a worrying time for some people and I’d urge them to check they are getting all the support on offer by searching Help for Households.” The cost of living payments from the Government comes as part of a £37 billion package of support, which will see millions of households receive at least £1,200 this year to help cover rising costs. DON'T MISS:National Insurance: How payment affects other DWP benefits [ANALYSIS]PIP: Other benefits that can be claimed [INSIGHT]‘Real difference!’ Pensioner, 67, boosts income by over £80 a week [EXPLAINED]   The package includes an additional £421 million to the Household Support Fund in England – which helps people with food and energy bills – for October 22 to March 23. As well as a top-up of funding by £79 million for devolved nations, with the total value of support now amounting to £1.5 billion. This also comes in addition to the changes to the Universal Credit taper rate and work allowances worth £1,000 a year on average for 1.7 million working claimants, a rise in the National Living Wage to £9.50 an hour, and a tax cut for around 30 million workers through an increase in National Insurance contribution thresholds. UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Nadhim Zahawi said: “We know that rising prices faced by many countries around the world are a significant worry for many people here in the UK, especially those most vulnerable to additional costs” “Today’s announcement that disabled people will begin to receive an additional £150 payment from the end of September reinforces our commitment to help UK households through the challenging times ahead.” “This payment is in addition to further help households can expect over the coming months – including a second cost of living payment of £324 for households on means-tested benefits, £300 for pensioners this winter and £400 discount on energy bills for every household. “This is all part of our significant £37 billion support package.”   Dame Clare Moriarty, chief executive at Citizens Advice, said: "We see day in day out that disabled people are some of those struggling most with rising costs. “That’s why we’re glad to see concrete plans on how they can access this vital cash. In particular, it’s good these payments are automatic and should reach bank accounts fast. “But the support announced so far is rapidly being gobbled up by spiralling prices. More must be done to prevent desperate situations this winter, like people turning off vital equipment or wrapping themselves in blankets to keep warm. “The Government doesn’t have any time to waste. It must build on its existing measures before disaster hits.”  