Ridley is an upcoming crime drama on ITV, welcoming Northern Irish actor Adrian Dunbar back to the small screen. Best known for portraying AC-12's Ted Hastings in Line of Duty, Dunbar's fans couldn't be more excited to see him in this new role. Here's everything you need to know to watch Ridley. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Ridley. Ridley has almost arrived, making its grand debut on Sunday, August 28, on ITV at 8pm. ­ The police drama is going to consist of four episodes in total with a new instalment airing in the same time slot every Sunday night. As long as there are no shake-ups in the TV schedule, Ridley will reach its conclusion on Sunday, September 18. What's even more exciting is that Ridley is essentially going to be four TV movies. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda jokes Clive 'shouldn't have' let her in Each episode of Ridley will have a feature-length running time of two hours. So there is going to be plenty of time to delve into the cases that are at the heart of every instalment. Of course, if you do miss an episode of Ridley on a Sunday night, there is no need to worry. Once the first episode airs on ITV, the entire boxset will be released on the channel's free streaming service ITV Hub. Charming Detective Inspector Alex Ridley (played by Adrian Dunbar) is retired from the police after years of dedicated service. He is replaced by his former protégée, DI Carol Farman (Bronagh Waugh), who he has helped guide throughout her career so far. When a complicated murder case crops up, Carol asks for her ex-mentor's help, this time in the role as a police consultant. Together, the duo are hoping to crack the case and get the culprit behind bars before any more damage is done. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle's podcast slammed by Piers Morgan 'Exploiting status'  [ROYAL]Emmerdale spoilers: Nicola's attacker confirmed as star speaks out  [SPOILER]Why did Douglas Henshall leave Primeval as Nick Cutter? [CAST] The first episode of Ridley is called The Peaceful Garden and will be the case that reunites Ridley and Farman in the first place. Its description reads: "When a local farmer is found dead, Ridley is called on to assist on an unsolved missing person's case, which leads to a shocking secret." Alongside Dunbar is actress Bronagh Waugh as DI Carol Farman who is best known for The Fall, Unforgotten, Hollyoaks and Derry Girls. She is joined by Time actor Terence Maynard as DCI Paul Goodwin and Years and Years actor George Bukhari as DC Darren Lakhan. Opening up about playing Line of Duty's Hastings and Ridley to BT, Dunbar said: "Ted's office-bound, uniform-bound, but once I see Ridley out of character he's completely different. He's complicated. "He's a bit gruff. You don't feel a pile of warmth off him from the start. "He's [Ridley] a character who can progress throughout the series. It wasn't a problem to play another cop!" Ridley premieres on Sunday, August 28, at 8pm on ITV.