GB News’ Nigel Farage took a massive hit at the Tory party – and most specifically outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Conservative contenders Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss– for failing to address the upcoming energy crisis. Whilst Boris Johnson acknowledged his Government’s £400 energy rebate is not enough to help struggling households with skyrocketing energy bills, Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have failed to give specifics about their respective plans if elected Prime Minister. Nigel Farage slammed the three Conservative politicians for turning a blind eye to the issue. Speaking to GB News viewers, Nigel Farage slashed: "Whilst Boris Johnson holds summits in Downing Street, they reach no conclusion whatsoever and he then goes away on holiday yet again. "And whilst Liz Truss and rishi Sunak tear their heads out of each other, actually nobody on the Conservative side is offering any real answers. "I would criticise all of them for barely talking about supply at all. All anyone's talking about are prices. They appear to be unconcerned that the lights might go out in February. "But I put it to you that in terms of political initiative, Keir Starmer has seized the advantage at a moment when this government looks completely and utterly ravenous. "And I think in political terms alone for now Keir Starmer has got this right."  Boris Johnson, Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak has been called upon to act decisively and come up with an emergency budget to help most vulnerable households ahead of a potentially disastrous winter. Analysts at Cornwall Insight have predicted energy regulator Ofgem could hike the price cap on energy bills to £3,582 per year from October and to £4,266 in the three months from the beginning of January. To prevent that nightmare scenario, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has set out a pan to freeze the energy price cap. READ MORE: BBC 'don't want to question anything' as Sue Cook slams broadcaster In a major policy announcement, the Labour leader said the plan would mean people would not pay a "penny more" on their energy bills later this year under the plans, after forecasts predicted the average bill could rise to £3,500 in October and to as much as £4,200 in January. The £29billion package the Labour party propose would guarantee an immediate freeze on the energy cap at its current level of £1,971 for the next six months. The 15 million domestic energy customs who pay their energy by direct debit would see their bills frozen at their current level, while the estimated 4 million households who pay for energy through pre-payment meters would see their cap, which is often higher than other households, brought down to the same level. DON'T MISS:GB News: Farage claims FBI raid at Trump's Mar-A-Lago home [REPORT]Farage delivers brutal verdict on Gordon Brown’s intervention [REPORT]Nigel Farage speaks at US rally in Texas to get rid of Nancy Pelosi [REPORT] "Millions of families are really struggling to make ends meet, to pay their bills, and the price cap is going to go from just under £2,000 per household to £3,500 in October, then to £4,200 in January," Mr Starmer told BBC Breakfast on Monday. "There will be millions of people watching this who say: 'I just can't afford that increase'." He added: "Instead of allowing the prices to go up and then trying to rebate people, we are going to cut the problem at source and stop those price increases." READ NEXT:Farage issues migration warning if 'weather stays warm'Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM Nigel Farage warns terror leader death ‘doesn't solve anything’ ‘Don’t be so offended!’ Spitting Image star blasts censored comedyPrince Charles blasted amid donation row 'No judgement at all!'