Louise Redknapp, 47, was married to Jamie Redknapp, 49, for almost 20 years but the couple called it quits in 2017. The former Eternal bandmate has spoken for the first time about her ex-husband getting remarried to Swedish model Frida Andersson in October last year. The newlyweds welcomed their first child together, son Raphael Anders Redknapp in November. The couple also have six children between them from their former marriages, making them a blended family of nine. Louise, who shares two sons, Charley, 18, and Beau, 13, with Jamie, has explained she has tried to be a "staple" after their kids lives had "changed". The singer admitted she is not "averse to dating" but her main focus had been raising her children following her split from the former professional footballer. READ MORE: Kate Garraway on break from GMB amid Derek's 'life-threatening' sepsis She decided against jumping back into the dating scene soon after her divorce for the sake of her family. "I've felt this as a mum and, to say this in the most sort of respectful way, my boys' lives changed dramatically and then it changed again when obviously Jamie got married and had a family," the mum-of-two explained. "Their life changed and I felt like I needed to be their one staple. That's just something I think a lot of mums would feel." Louise continued to HELLO! magazine that her sons are open to their mum dating but admitted she does not spend her time "trawling" through dating apps.  The Sweat singer said she is not too phased if "Mr Right" comes along or if he doesn't as she confessed to being happy as a single woman. She added to the same publication: "I'm not averse to dating or meeting somebody. My boys will be absolutely fine if I'm dating or if I'm going out with anyone, they will be my biggest supporters as long as I'm happy. Like they're like, 'Yeah mum, you should.' "If Mr. Right, turns up then great and if he doesn't I just carry on doing me." Louise said she refuses to put pressure on herself when it comes to dating and added she feels it is important for men and women to feel comfortable on their own. DON'T MISS... Denise Dowse dead: Beverly Hills 90210 star dies at 64[LATEST]Kate Garraway on break from GMB amid Derek's 'life-threatening' sepsis[TV]Sophia Loren stunned in rare insight of royal encounter with the Queen[PICTURES] In 2020, Jamie and Frida went public with their romance and announced they were expecting a child together just 10 months later. They wed shortly before the arrival of their son Raphael, now eight months old. Reports later suggested Louise had been left shocked by her former husband's whirlwind romance but the singer has since shut down those claims. The mum-of-two was forced to address her "secret despair". Taking to Instagram in December 2021, Louise explained she was in a "positive headspace". She wrote: "I try not to read or respond to these things but sometimes they are unavoidable. I’d really love to clarify that 'Louise' is not in despair or anything like it!! "I have my two gorgeous boys that I adore more than anything in the world, the best family around me and I’m having the time of my life with my career and with the most wonderful friends that a girl could hope for. "I’d like to make it clear that I’m in the most positive of headspace and loving my life. Here’s to all the ladies out there that are in control of their lives and living their very best lives!" 