Barcelona could potentially be helped in their efforts to finally register their new summer signings by Celtic, who are preparing to raid the Catalan giants for the services of midfielder Alex Collado this summer, according to reports. No less than five high-profile additions have been made by Barcelona since the end of last season but the club's desperate financial situation has prevented them from being officially registered with La Liga, meaning they will not be able to feature in this weekend's opening match against Rayo Vallecano as things stand. Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Franck Kessie, Andreas Christensen and Jules Kounde have all joined Barcelona over the course of this summer but have not yet been cleared to play in La Liga, while the new deals recently given to Ousmane Dembele and Sergi Roberto are also yet to be ratified. The club's hierarchy are now believed to be desperately trying to sell a number of their existing players in order to generate some much-needed funds and free up space on their wage bill with the aim of facilitating their new arrivals.It seems as though Celtic could be set to offer a helping hand in the not-too-distant future, with the Scottish champions eager to bring Collado to Glasgow this summer, according to Sky Sports. The 23-year-old has struggled to break into the first-team picture at the Nou Camp over the last few years and spent the entirety of last season on loan at Granada, where he made 17 appearances in La Liga over the course of the campaign.He has reportedly emerged as a target for Celtic, who are looking to improve their midfield ranks in order to boost their hopes of pipping Rangers to yet another Scottish title between now and the end of the season. It is said that an enquiry has already been launched by those at Parkhead and any move for Collado, whether a loan or a permanent deal, would seemingly result in Barcelona receiving a decent fee in exchange for his services. JUST IN: Man Utd stars' view on Cristiano Ronaldo transfer saga leaked Celtic are unlikely to be the only club in the hunt to land Collado, though, with a number of European sides including Olympiacos also believed to be keeping tabs on the playmaker's situation at Barcelona. It remains to be seen how the situation regarding Celtic's interest in a move will develop over the coming days and weeks, with the summer transfer window finally set to close in less than a month's time.Barcelona will be hoping to engineer Collado's departure as a matter of priority in order to alleviate their dangerous financial situation, which could leave them red-faced if they are unable to register their new signings before the La Liga campaign gets underway. They are said to be in talks with a number of their existing stars in an attempt to convince them to lower their current salaries, with Gerard Pique even reportedly offering to play for free until Barcelona's in-house crisis is resolved. A selection of commercial deals have also been struck by Barcelona over the last few months as they desperately seek to raise funds despite spending close to £100m on new players over the course of this summer. Club president Joan Laporta recently explained that plenty of work is being done to aid their hopes of registering their new signings before this weekend's match against Rayo Vallecano but insisted that he is not expecting any further issues to arise over the next few days."With La Liga, nobody knows, but we are trying to do things with full respect for the rule," Laporta told CBS Sports. "Sometimes there are different interpretations. We will see what happens."But we have put in huge effort to increase our revenue. We have brought in over €600m [£506m] in around 45 days. I think La Liga will understand our effort and our intent to follow the rules and I hope there won't be any problems." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here