Law and Order, the original drama which kicked off the famous legal franchise, was axed 13 years ago. So when NBC revealed it would be making a comeback earlier this year, life-long fans couldn't have been more excited. Now, it seems like Law and Order is here to stay as there is a season 22 on the horizon. NBC revealed its fall 2022/23 line-up back in June, which featured the return of the beloved legal drama. Law and Order season 22 will premiere on Thursday, September 22, at 8pm ET/PT on NBC. The drama which kick-started the franchise will be the start of Law and Order Thursdays when it does return, followed by its spin-offs Special Victims Unit and Organized Crime. So far, a UK release date for series 22 hasn't been announced with its 21st outing still not available to watch. But it does seem likely Law and Order will at some point air on Sky TV, much like SVU. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring Two of Law and Order's original stars Sam Waterson as Jack McCoy and Camryn Manheim as Kate Dixon will be back for season 22. Apart from the legal series, Waterson has been in The Newsroom, Serial Mom and Grace and Frankie, whereas Manheim has featured in The Practice, Person of Interest and Stumptown, just to name a few. They will be joined again by newcomers Jeffrey Donovan, Odelya Halevi and Hugh Dancy. Grimm actress Claire Coffee is going to be introduced as an attorney in the next season but it isn't known how long she will appear on Law and Order for as of yet. Sadly, it was announced that actor Anthony Anderson would not be reprising his role as Kevin Bernard for the next series. Anderson hasn't officially stated why he left the legal drama but it is believed it could be down to his busy work schedule. He has a number of projects on the go, including ABC's Black-ish which he both stars in and is an executive producer of. Anderson is also working with NBCUniversal on the new comedy travel show, Anthony Anderson and Mom: European Vacation. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery [THEORY]Law and Order SVU season 24 release date, cast: All we know  [RELEASE DATE]Law and Order SVU’s Ice-T exposes real meaning behind stage name [EXPLAINER] Anderson's departure does mean that there will be a new face in town to replace him as Frank Cosgrove (Jeffrey Donovan) will be in need of a new partner. The Black-ish star is going to be replaced by actor Mehcad Brooks who is best known for playing James Olsen in Supergirl. So far, no character details have been announced for Brooks but he will play a detective. An official synopsis for the series as a whole though has also not come out. President of Scripted Programming, NBCU Entertainment and Streaming, Lisa Katz said: “The iconic Law & Order brand has long been synonymous with NBC, and we couldn’t be more excited to bring back all three of these dramas for the 2022-23 season. “It’s a testament to the brilliance of Dick Wolf’s storytelling that audiences remain compelled by these unforgettable characters week after week, year after year.” Law and Order SVU will return for season 24 and Organized Crime for its third outing. Law and Order season 22 will premiere on Thursday, September 22, at 8pm ET/PT on NBC in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.