A woman in her 70s has said she has "no intention" of paying a penalty notice that was issued to her for making a slight typographical error. Jill Allen, 73, said she was told by a parking attendant that the penalty notice was given to her as she put the number '0' for part of her car's registration plate instead of the letter 'O'. The fine was given to Ms Allen, from Lincoln, on Thursday, August 18 at Bridge Street Car Park in Gainsborough after she had been charity shopping with a friend. She said she purchased a £1.60 three-hour-parking ticket at 12.11pm, and returned to the car at 2.45pm. She is now facing a £25 fine, which will turn to £50 if the issue is not resolved. Ms Allen told LincolnshireLive: "We went off and came back 20 minutes before the ticket had expired and was astonished to see a yellow thing on the windscreen. READ MORE: Drivers urged not to use popular air con fuel-saving trick "We couldn't work out why because we were well within time. The attendant reappeared and said you've put a 0 instead of a letter O. "I just expressed disbelief and said don’t you think it’s ridiculous and he said he’s just obeying the rules. I said that’s fine but I won’t be paying it." She added: "In a way, it’s hilarious and absolutely ludicrous, I have no intention of paying it. “I don’t know what penalty they can put on me but if I get a criminal record it doesn’t matter to me these days. DON'T MISS Mum with two babies fined after being trapped in car park [SHOCKING] Furious neighbour bombarded with angry messages over visitor parking [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge fines for swearing behind the wheel [WARNING] "If I had done something wrong or was late then fair enough." Ms Allen added that she has already called for a review of the appeal process. This is because her original appeal was rejected after she was told that she hadn't displayed the valid ticket. Ms Allen said: "When I appealed it sounded like a person had written the letter because they’d looked at my claim. READ MORE: Caravan owners warned of huge 30 percent fuel economy drop when towing “That’s when you think they would say it’s ridiculous, it was at that point I thought I couldn’t blame the attendant." A spokesperson for West Lindsey District Council said: "Penalty charge notices are issued to all vehicles who have entered their vehicle registration incorrectly. “Penalty charge notices issued in our council-owned car parks are dealt with by an external partner. "What should happen in instances such as this one is that they contact us to carry out a verification process. “Unfortunately, on this occasion, this step was missed and we have raised this issue to avoid a reoccurrence. "Once the individual contacts the council, we will be able to cancel the penalty charge notice and apologise for failure to carry out our usual process on this occasion."