Jason Butterfield says he feels "on edge" every time he takes his remaining dogs on a walk following the incident. On August 5, his Miniature Schnauzer, Marcello, was hit by a car while on a walk in Manchester city centre - something he believes would not have happened if drivers were forced to be more cautious on the narrow roads. It comes as residents in nearby Ancoats have spoken out over poor driving including rat racing and cars mounting pavements, with fears that another fatal accident could take place if conditions are not improved. Manchester City Council say they are "aware" of the issues, and have recently installed new signage and road markings in the area, reports Manchester Evening News (MEN). Jason, who moved to Ancoats four months ago, said he had taken his three dogs out for an evening walk along New Islington Marina, and was heading home along Murray Street, when the incident took place. He said that Marcello was on the edge of the road close to the pavement when he was hit by a speeding car and killed instantly. The driver failed to stop, and Jason said the incident happened so quickly he could not get a glimpse at the number plate. He was forced to carry his beloved dog's body back to his Ancoats apartment in shock. "The driver hit Marcello, and he died instantly," he said. "The car just carried on driving, it didn’t stop at all. I had to carry him back to the apartment. There was blood all over my clothes and the pavement." Jason reported the incident to Greater Manchester Police (GMP) and contacted Manchester City Council to see if they had CCTV footage that could help identify the driver. But said they were unable to investigate without a number plate, and his attempts to locate any footage of the incident proved unsuccessful. He said the loss of Marcello was still "raw", and had had a big impact on his family. Jason said: "We’re trying to get used to life without him. "We miss him, we’ve had him for eight years. The other dogs miss him, they didn’t eat for weeks." And he now feels "on edge" when he takes his other dogs out for walks in the neighbourhood, fearing that a similar incident could happen again. "It has had an impact on me," he added. "There are absolutely loads of dogs in Ancoats. I can imagine it happening again.” Jason said he would support any measures aimed at slowing cars in the area down and marking roads more effectively. Since the incident, Manchester City Council has put increased signage and road markings in place. However, some residents previosuly told how they were concerned this would not be enough to make real changes in the neighbourhood. "I'd love to see old Ancoats pedestrianised," Henrietta Rowlatt said. "During the pandemic they closed off Blossom Street to traffic, that was a game changer. "I wish Manchester Council had the guts to pedestrianise squares completely." Speaking to the MEN previously, Councillor Tracey Rawlins, Executive Member for Environment and Transport said: "We're aware of the issues which are affecting residents around this part of Ancoats. "New signage has been ordered which we hope will mitigate some of the poor driving which residents have witnessed, and the Council is also exploring a wider pedestrianisation of the area."