Ferrari chief Mattia Binotto has been bizarrely accused of overseeing a conspiracy to mask the team's tactical woes. Despite having the pace to match any car on the grid this season, the Scuderia have been guilty of a series of strategic errors that have derailed the title bids of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. Leclerc won two of the opening three races in Bahrain and then Australia, raising the prospect that the Italian giants could recapture a drivers' title for the first time since 2007. However, he's won just once in 10 races since, and now trails Max Verstappen by 80 points in the drivers' standings with the race all but over. The Monegasque man was on pole for his home Grand Prix, but a decision to pit him earlier than planned backfired as he ended up fourth. A similar tactical error cost him at Silverstone whilst at the French Grand Prix, he was in command after 18 laps before a driver error saw him career off the track. He has also had to retire with power unit failures in Spain and Azerbaijan. But now former F1 driver Hans-Joachim Stuck has not only cast doubt on the future of Team Principal Binotto, but also accused Ferrari of ssentially ordering Leclerc to crash at the Paul Ricard cicuit. JUST IN: F1 fallouts including Michael Schumacher and Lewis Hamilton as Oscar Piastri saga rolls on Stuck, 78, was asked on Eurosport how long Binotto can hold his position following their latest disaster at Hungary: "I don't know how much longer Ferrari will give him credit," he replied. "For me, however, something else is still a mystery: Charles Leclerc's departure from Le Castellet." When asked to explain himself further, Stuck added: "If you look at the accident a hundred times: the oversteering didn't come from him. I can imagine that he was instructed by the team to claim that he made a mistake even though there was a problem with the car. I wouldn't rule that out. There is enormous pressure there." DON'T MISS:Toto Wolff breaks silence on Sergio Perez replacing Lewis Hamilton at MercedesToto Wolff makes FIA confession after accusations from Red Bull chief Christian HornerToto Wolff explains Man Utd plight after studying them to avoid same fate at Mercedes Binotto, 52, has been at Ferrari since 1995, and was promoted to his current role in 2019. And he's recently staunchly defended his team, and chief strategist Inaki Rueda, amid the series of blunders. "Sometimes you make a mistake, sometimes the others are doing mistakes; maybe we are not on the line so much. It's not only Inaki, the entire team is great," he said. "I am fully supporting them, because I trust them."