Lewis Hamilton has claimed Mercedes are “closing the gap” to the frontrunners in a massive warning to Ferrari and Red Bull. The seven-time champion predicted Mercedes could even “start fighting with the guys in front” after the summer break. He admitted Ferrari and Red Bull still had “an edge” but predicted the gap could completely shrink over the remaining races. It comes after the Silver Arrows picked up their second double podium finish at the Hungarian Grand Prix just a week after their first in France. George Russell secured a shock pole position on Saturday while Hamilton had pace towards the end of the race to storm through the field. Hamilton explained: "I really want to acknowledge my team, who have continued to push [and] never give up through this tough year that we've had so far," he continued. "For us to [have] both cars on the podium twice is pretty special for us. [It was] really unlucky for George today. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton confused as Max Verstappen laughs at Ferrari's woes "The other guys still have a bit of an edge, but we're clearly closing the gap, and this is just an amazing way to go into the [summer] break, knowing that we have this performance. Hopefully, we'll bring some more into the second part of the season and start fighting with the guys in front." Hamilton suffered a DRS issue in qualifying which hampered his chances to fight for the pole. The problem left the Mercedes driver down in seventh which restricted his chances to battle for the win. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff claims without the setbacks Hamilton could have gone on to win the team’s first Grand Prix of the season. He said: “Where Lewis came from is unbelievable. He was a little bit in the shadow, nobody really looked at him and suddenly he was banging in times quicker than the leaders. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton perplexed as Coulthard spots something after Hungary HP [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton regret shared by Toto Wolff despite finishing second [ANALYSIS]George Russell makes honest admission after first F1 win evades him [COMMENT] “In qualifying, if we hadn't failed the DRS yesterday, who knows I think we would have had a fun fight at the front for the victory.” Russell also praised the team after picking up his fifth podium of the campaign. The former Williams star highlighted the progress the team had made over the first half of the season and revealed they would “be in the hunt” for wins towards the end of the year. He commented: “There's no doubt we're making progress. "We were almost a minute behind the race win at the start of the season and it's been 10 seconds in the last couple of races. If we can continue on that path we will definitely be in the hunt."