Meghan Markle was joined by Mariah Carey for the second episode of her new podcast Archetypes to discuss the term 'diva' and the positive and negative connotations behind it. Much like the first episode with Serena Williams, the second episode has received high amounts of criticism. Speaking on Sky News Australia, Australian columnist Justin Smith slammed the pair as being "disconnected from reality". Mr Smith told Sky News Australia: "I couldn't imagine two more disconnected from reality people, you know, trying to discuss what life is like. "It's like watching two cats argue about what mice like. "There's just absolutely no connection." He said: "I couldn't relate to a single word. READ MORE: Meghan 'over dramatising' Archie fire after comparison William's injury, expert claims "I still don't know what they were talking about, to be frank." Sky News Australia's host Chris Kenny replied: "Yeah, they were talking about each other. He said that they were talking about "how beautiful they are", before adding, "why not, because they're both very attractive women and they're lucky just to hold that over the rest of the world. "We're rich and we're famous, and we're giggling together and why don't you listen." READ MORE: 'Not serious': Meghan's White House dream torn apart as Pelosi's team 'laughs' at plan Archetypes, which is only available on Spotify, is set to have a dozen episodes. In the first episode, which was released on August 23, Meghan was joined by tennis professional and friend, Serena Williams. The pair discussed the double standards associated with the word 'Ambition' when it is applied to women. DON'T MISS Shortly after their royal exit, Meghan and Prince Harry signed a multi-million pound deal with Netflix. Included in their Netflix deal, the couple are reportedly filming a "fly-on-the-wall" docuseries. Harry also has his own project, an "intimate and heartfelt" memoir, set for release later this year. No official date for the memoir has been revealed. READ NEXT: