Manchester United football director John Murtough is travelling to meet Adrien Rabiot's mother and agent Veronique in a bid to get the club's fourth summer signing over the line, reports claim. The Red Devils are understood to have struck a £15million agreement with Juventus for the Frenchman and there is optimism a transfer is now on the verge of completion. Yet the final hurdle appears to involve agreeing personal terms with the player and Veronique Rabiot, who is a notoriously tricky negotiator. She has been at the centre of several public fall-outs - not least with Paris Saint-Germain, who sold the midfielder to Juventus in 2019. According to The Telegraph, Murtough is now travelling with the mission of personally securing United's fourth summer deal after Tyrell Malaca, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen. Erik ten Hag is believed to have given his own personal backing over a deal for Rabiot, who is said to be open to the move. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag told four reasons why Rabiot is wrong signing The Dutchman simply needs reinforcements after being handed a sobering reality check on Sunday when Brighton left Old Trafford with all three points. The Seagulls ran out 2-1 winners in their opening game of the season to pile misery on the new United boss, who now knows the size of the task at hand. Ten Hag is said to have told Rabiot that he wants the player to join his United project ahead of a potential transfer. Rabiot has been keen to test himself on English shores having previously been linked with moves to Everton and Arsenal, respectively. READ MORE:Frenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer  United have now pulled the plug on a move to sign Bologna forward Marko Arnautovic despite making an opening offer worth £7.2m. The club's interest in the Austrian international has received bundles of criticism, prompting United to walk away from the deal. Ten Hag confirmed after the Brighton defeat that new signings were very much on the agenda following the concerning performance. “We need more players. We have multiple targets," he said. "We are working on it. But we should have done better today with this team. “It’s all about results. We all know that we are in a process. There are still many things that need to be improved. We have to learn from this and then continue.” United are also pursuing additional attacking reinforcements with Cody Gakpo among the names of interest. The Red Devils had been working on a deal for Salzburg's Benjamin Sesko before RB Leipzig beat them to a deal for the highly-rated Slovenian. The club are now also exploring alternative midfield targets with Frenkie de Jong still seemingly out of reach.