Pointing to evidence of abuse and threats the couple have received, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s unofficial biographer, Omid Scobie, has urged the Government to provide the couple with the security they need. Mr Scobie revealed the couple faced a slew of threats when they visited the UK during the Platinum Jubilee weekend in June, many of which he had also experienced due to his relationship with the couple. However, he added that the issue is “no different today”. Writing an op-ed for Yahoo news, Mr Scobie said: “Sources tell me that during the Sussex family’s visit for the Platinum Jubilee (which they were given state security for as it was an official royal event), a number of credible threats were intercepted by authorities. “I witness a lot myself, too. Thanks to a never-ending stream of false tabloid tales calling me the couple’s ‘close friend’ or ‘spokesman’, I regularly receive an extension of their online threats. “The messages range from extreme racism to disturbingly violent scenes involving the likes of dismemberment, car accidents and rape. READ MORE: Backlash grows as Harry denied UK access after 'privileges lost' “They always get forwarded to the police.” Mr Scobie’s comments come after Meghan and Harry won a bid to challenge security decisions which would have left the couple without the “same degree” of protection as they had while working as full-time working members of the Royal Family whenever the couple visit the UK. Should Prince Harry win the appeal, it would allow the future King’s son to pay for police protection for himself and his family while visiting from the US. Meghan and Harry departed for the States less than two years after their 2018 wedding, where they have now carved out a new life with their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding was more popular than Diana's The Duke and Duchess’s current security detail, which according to Forbes could cost as much as £2.45million a year, covers not just the cost of physical guards but also cyber-security, personnel to scout locations prior to their arrival should they choose to travel, vehicles and potential decoys to throw off the paparazzi. However, their high-tech fortress in Montecito may in the coming years have served its purpose as one of Diana’s former police protection officers who worked with Harry and William when they were boys has predicted Harry could leave California to rejoin the Firm when his father ascends to the throne. Speaking on an upcoming episode of the Mirror's Pod Save the Queen podcast, Ken Wharfe, said there may yet be a new role for Harry should he return, but those plans may not involve Meghan. When asked if the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would ever return to live in the UK, Mr Wharfe said: “Personally I do and I base that on gut reaction really. DON'T MISS: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as wrong title used [REVEAL]Royal Family LIVE: Sussex Squad lauds 'Princess Meghan' - new honour [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'wants a clear-out' after latest 'big comeback' fail [SPOTLIGHT] “I just cannot see them forever more living in California. “It's clear to me that Harry is not quite a fish out of sea - I mean he is getting involved in charitable work and he has these attachments to Netflix and other companies but quite where they'll end up we don't know. “But I just think his involvement with his military charities - quite how he runs that on the other side of the Atlantic, I don't know. “But I just have this feeling that he could well be back in a new role, with or without Meghan - I honestly don't know.” READ NEXT: Harry and William kept in the dark over bombshell royal documentaryPrince Harry memoir pivotal to finances 'Spending money like water!'Meghan Markle was 'set up for an incredible amount of abuse'Kate and William charity LEAPS by £13.7m after Sussex splitMeghan’s wedding left Serena Williams up all night