Energy bills are already at an all-time high, but they are set to increase in the upcoming winter months, with forecasts for January meaning a typical household is predicted to pay the equivalent of £4,266 a year for gas and electricity from 2023. Here is a breakdown of what it costs to run each household appliance. Many households are looking for ways to reduce energy consumption and save money in the process. But do you know which appliance is costing you the most money? Financial Educator lookingafteryourpennies.com who used CSE’s appliance consumption figure, with 28p as the average unit rate to reflect the most recent price cap increase, revealed which household appliance costs the most to use. You may or may not be surprised to find out that an electric shower is the costliest appliance in the house. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow simple tip to save money on fuel Express.co.uk recently revealed that a shower uses 10 litres of water every minute, so if you stand there for 10 minutes, you’re using 100 litres of water. As for how much that would cost, experts said between 33p and 49p, based on the cost per hour which is £1.96 - £2.94. To reduce usage, set a timer - even if you spend one minute less in the shower, it all adds up. Purchasing a water-efficient showerhead can also cut down on costs. DON'T MISS...Diet: Ingredient you need to consume daily to lose weight [EXCLUSIVE]Princess Beatrice not as 'rebellious' as fellow royal Leo [COMMENT]Leave windows ‘streak-free & shining’ with simple cleaning solution [VIDEO] The kettle is the second most expensive appliance to run - with an average power rating of 3000w, which is the same as a tumble dryer. While it doesn’t boil for hours, so the cost per use is less, if you drink lots of tea and coffee, it can add up throughout the day. A full kettle has a per hour use of 84p, so try boiling only as much as you need. If you do boil too much, store the excess in a flask to use later instead of re-boiling. It’s also advisable to descale your kettle regularly, as clean appliances don’t have to work as hard. READ MORE: Savvy trick to slash energy bill: Change two settings on your boiler save money The tumble dryer is the third most expensive appliance, but during this heatwave, it’s likely not many households will be using it. But, looking ahead to the autumn and winter, 10 minutes will cost you 9p - 14p, and a whole hour of drying clothes will cost 56p - 84p. The average family of four completes eight to 10 loads of washing a week, and if the tumble dryer is used every time, the usage and cost can quickly add up. To reduce your tumble dry use, dry your clothes outside where possible. You can also put a dry towel inside the tumble dryer to absorb some of the moisture from wet clothes. Remember to clean the lint and filter regularly, and don’t overfill the drum - large loads take longer to try. You can also try hanging small delicate items to air dry instead. Electric Shower - £1.96-£2.94 Kettle - 84p Tumble dryer - 56p-84p Washing machine - 34p-84p Plasma TV - 8p-13p Oven - 56p-62p Grill/hob - 28p-56p Dishwasher - 29p-42p Fridge freezer - 6p-11p Microwave - 17p-42p With the price cap set to increase again in October and January 2023, the above costs per hour are only accurate for the current price cap.