Via an astonishing unearthed clip, Express.co.uk can reveal that Will Smith has hit out previously - at a different comedian. The actor saw red during a 2012 promotional event for his third Men in Black movie when he received an unwelcome kiss on the lips. "I think there's a surprise at the end of this movie that's really gonna shock people," Will told a member of the press earnestly at the red carpet conference. However, it turned out not to be Men In Black III that caused the biggest surprise. When the Ukrainian reporter Vitalii Sediuk caught his eye, the pair embraced and he received a kiss on the cheek. However, his face contorted in horror when his admirer suddenly attempted to plant a smacker on his lips too. READ NOW: Demi Rose bares all as she reclines topless narrowly covering modest The fuming movie star pushed him away, exclaiming: "Hey! What the hell is your problem, buddy?" Then he slapped his humiliated admirer across the face with the back of his hand. Onlookers' jaws were agape watching the awkward moment, while security guards and paparazzi photographers looked on. The whole episode was captured on camera, but no action was taken for what was believed to be a prank on Vitalii's part.  Meanwhile, Vitalii had been working at Ukrainian TV station 1+1, explaining why he had been attending a press event as a reporter. However, a pattern has since emerged of encounters with celebrities against their will, which have resulted on multiple occasions in his arrest. Two years after the Will Smith encounter, Vitalii rushed Leonardo DiCaprio at a film festival and buried his face in his groin, leading to his ejection from the venue by security. He also crawled underneath America Ferrera's gown at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival. The film star, who had been attending a photo call at the premiere of How To Train Your Dragon 2, was left shaken up - and the episode led to Vitalii being fired from his job. Also, in 2014, Brad Pitt was granted an emergency restraining order he rushed toward the Fight Club star, breaking the actor's glasses. The ex-husband of Angelina Jolie opted to cut his autograph signing session short. On two separate occasions, Vitalii has both shoved Kim Kardashian to the ground and attempted to kiss her on the bottom - and some of his exploits have seen him spend time locked up in a Los Angeles jail. Meanwhile, Will Smith wouldn't be seen slapping anyone again for a decade, until his infamous 2022 Oscars episode with Chris Rock.