Stu (played by Bill Fellows) was starting to get his life back together when his ex-wife Lucy Woodrow (Lynda Rooke) revealed he had previously admitted to the murder of 19-year-old Charlie Walter. His secret was exposed to the Weatherfield community when a journalist made him the front page of the Gazette. Stu has since been re-arrested and is protesting his innocence with the help of Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) and Zeedan Nazir (Qasim Akhtar). After Monday night's episode, fans took to their social media adamant they had "worked out" the truth behind who the real murderer was. Alya and Zeedan were determined to find new evidence which would exonerate Stu from the crimes he is being accused of. After Adam Barlow (Samuel Roberston) handed over all the previous court papers and evidence presented, they began working their way through. They soon came across some interview tapes and were stunned to hear how blunt Stu's confession was, re-thinking if they had the right idea about him. However, Adam soon pointed out Stu had been interviewed for over 10 hours which is against the rules and there was a tape missing. READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on Alya and Zeedan presented their findings to their grandmother Yasmeen Metcalfe (Shelley King) but were met with a disappointing rant. She told them: "You knew that was not what I wanted, this is all down to you! I would like you to leave." Alya revealed she was going to visit Stu in the prison and asked for Yasmeen to accompany her to hear his side of the story. Whilst speaking to Alya, Stu spotted Yasmeen appear from the doorway and begged for her to give him a chance.  Stu told her: "I couldn't prove the affair and we made all our plans while we were working. Seems like you had your mind made up before you got here." Yasmeen explained she wanted Stu to "set the truth free" and confess in order for them to both move on with their lives. As the visiting time came to an end, Stu begged Yasmeen to open her mind to what he had told her and advised her to speak to his old solicitor to change her mind. Zeedan managed to get in contact with Norman and asked whether he could pay them a visit, however, the solicitor was shocked to find out Stu had been arrested once again for the crime. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family [INSIGHT]Rob Rinder blasted by GMB viewers for 'blaming' GP's during NHS crisis [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest makes history with valuation of funeral effigy [WATCH] He admitted to Yasmeen, Alya and Zeedan he never believed Stu was guilty and regretted letting him get away, not being able to fight harder. Fans were quick to point out it's likely Stu thought his daughter Bridget had killed Charlie and is covering for her. However, in a surprise twist, it's actually his ex Lucy, who killed the young girl, which is why she refuses to let Stu visit Bridget. Ryan Glendenning theorised on Twitter: "I can't believe Stu was framed like this. I reckon Stu's ex-wife and daughter teamed up to frame him? Maybe they both killed that young girl together." @chippytea_ added: "I bet Stu's ex is the real murderer." @LunaLocoJewles theorised: "Maybe it's Stu's ex that killed the girl. He thinks it was his daughter, she thinks it was him and her mum's happy to let her think it was him to keep them apart and stop them finding out the truth." Georgia Bowring asked: "Does anyone else think it was Stu's ex-wife who killed that girl?" @Mishybabez_ claimed: "I'm calling it Stu's ex-wife or Bridget killed Charlie and framed Stu for it #Corrie" (sic) Lucy's sudden arrival on the street was prompted by Stu trying to get back in contact with his daughter Bridget Woodrow (Beth Vyse). If Lucy is the real killer, could she be trying to keep Stu away from Bridget to stop her own secret getting exposed and losing her daughter forever? Stu struggled to make contact with Bridget after she refused to reply to any of his calls or cards sent over the years. It wasn't until Yasmeen managed to track her down, that Stu turned up unannounced at her home. Bridget may already know that Lucy is the real killer of Charlie, but teamed up with her to frame continue to frame Stu for breaking up their family. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.