Nearly seven million people are awaiting treatment. Patients are stranded for hours in the back of ambulances because there is no room inside hospitals. And junior doctors, together with nurses, are now talking about going on strike. Oh, and the extra £12billion the Government pumped into the NHS's already gargantuan budget has been swallowed up into a black hole (did we not always know it would be?) with no one knowing quite what it is been used for. Well, we know what some of it has been used for - to employ Diversity and Inclusion officers at £76,000 a pop, which the Government has expressly told the NHS not to do. But they are doing it anyway because no one is accountable - not for anything. And certainly not to the millions of patients who are let down day after day - cancelled appointments, postponed operations, bungled treatments. Yet we are not allowed to complain or be angry because it is the NHS and it is "doing its best". Well, actually it is not. And we are not allowed to say that either, unless we preface it by saying all the doctors and nurses are wonderful and doing a fantastic job. And yes, many of them are. But we are not allowed to criticise the institution because we have put it on a pedestal where no one can touch it, which means it never gets any better. It has become a sacred cow that cannot be blamed or challenged, and is entirely immune to criticism or change. I talked about this on a TV show this week and predictably, within minutes, my Twitter feed was alive with insults from people screaming: "How dare you?" Well, I dare because the NHS is one of the biggest sectors of the state and it is not working - the proof of which is there for all to see. But more money will not fix it. Only root and branch reform can do that. And the reason neither Rishi Sunak nor Liz Truss is talking about this in the hustings is because both know they will never get elected if they tell the truth about our ailing health service. So, like all politicians, they praise it and dance around its failings.  Yes, we all have uplifting stories about how devoted doctors and nurses cared for people we loved. But those are not the people responsible for the chaos, the waste, the busted budgets and the missed targets. These medics are also being let down by our broken NHS. But all that happens when it gets to crisis point - as it is now - is that the army of useless bureaucrats running the show shove out their begging bowls, Oliver Twist-like and say: "We want more." And usually they get it. So what the hell is happening to that new money? Not much is going on patient care, that is for sure. Or nurses' wages. No, it is going on management consultants, diversity officers, sky-high running costs, legal bills, drugs that are prescribed but not taken and equipment that is used once then thrown away. Planned spending for the Department of Health and Social Care in England for 21-22 was a whopping £190.3billion. Yes, the doctors and nurses are under pressure so let us get more of them - not more diversity officers. If ambulances are not able to get to sick people we need more ambulances and faster A&E turnarounds. During Covid the cry was "Let's protect the NHS" when the fact of the matter is the NHS exists to protect US. The NHS must not remain an untouchable deity that cannot be criticised. It is the one state service we all use. Our lives literally depend upon it, so it is time we had a sensible conversation about how to change it. Let us stop the pretence that it is doing a wonderful job and make changes which will allow that claim to become a reality. The NHS mantra is "improving lives". Well, ask the people who are now going to die unnecessarily with cancer, ask those who have lived in agony for years because of cancelled operations, ask those who have lain in hospital corridors for hours. Is the NHS improving their lives?  Author Sara Nixon vigorously defends Fergie over questions of how she was able to afford a £7million pad in Mayfair when she is always pleading poverty. Says Nixon: "Quite frankly, I wouldn't care if the money for her new home was raised through trafficking cocaine," which says more about Nixon's moral compass than it does about Fergie's. She justifies her stance by saying the Duchess of York was demonised by the Press and drew life's short straw by marrying a man who surrounded himself with young women. So was the Press responsible for Fergie running up a multimillion debt by living a lifestyle she could not afford? Was it also responsible for her demanding £500,000 for access to Prince Andrew? So yes Ms Nixon, the rest of us DO care where this money came from.  Jerry Hall, 66, says she is very sad about the way her six-year marriage to Rupert Murdoch ended - he emailed her saying it was over. I want to believe her, really I do. But there is part of me asking how brokenhearted is she really about the end of a marriage to a 91-year-old bloke who was capable of dumping her in such a brutal way and whose kids, she says, drove a wedge between them. I am sure an out-of-court settlement worth nearly £72million with two mansions will ease any pain Jerry's currently feeling. And knowing her, it will not be long before she is "in love" again - only this time, with all that cash behind her, it will be on her terms. Prince Andrew will continue to have round-the-clock police protection after a security review by the Metropolitan Police and the Home Office. Why is that then? We are told Harry was denied it because he is no longer a working royal. But then neither is Andrew (not sure he ever was). No one knows now what he does every day but it sure as hell is not work - so why are we paying for him?   Snidey Nicola Sturgeon claims Liz Truss once asked her how she could get her picture in Vogue. Sturgeon says when she told Truss she'd twice been in the fashion bible, she looked like "she'd swallowed a wasp" (maybe they were doing a feature on bad hairdos and crazy coloured stilettos that month). But how very bitchy of Ms Sturgeon to reveal this conversation. I am guessing it is in retaliation for Truss saying that if she got to be PM she would just ignore the "attention seeking" First Minister because she is "always moaning". Not sure why Mrs Crankie's upset at that. It is what we all think. It is what a helluva lot of people in Scotland think too.  Vegans are demanding that the Leicester roundabout Pork Pie Island be renamed to "inspire people to make healthier food choices". How very patronising of them. Look, vegans can eat whatever they want, but they cannot demand the rest of us sign up to their ideology. More importantly, they have no business interfering in Leicester's historic landmarks because they are offended by them. "This change would help the environment and prevent animal suffering," says Kate Warner of the animal rights organisation Peta. No, it would not you silly woman! It would just irritate and insult the people of Leicester who have made it abundantly clear that they want Pork Pie Island to stay. Wokies 0. Sensible Majority: 1. 