Manchester United icon Paul Scholes left former teammate Rio Ferdinand in stitches during BT Sport's build-up coverage at Southampton on Sunday. Scholes produced a jesting remark as the pundits discussed United's ongoing pursuit of Ajax winger Antony. He joined Ferdinand and Peter Crouch as guests ahead of the Red Devils' fourth Premier League game of the season against Southampton at St. Mary's. And the panel unsurprisingly discussed Antony, who was the subject of a rejected £76million bid on Friday as Erik ten Hag scrambles for late attacking reinforcements. While focusing on the 22-year-old's attempts to force a move through, most recently with an interview publicly declared his desire to leave Ajax before the September 1 deadline, the conversation turned to Scholes. And he believes he would rather sacrifice Champions League football with a team unlikely to win it to represent a club of United's magnitude in the Europa League. He said: "I think the only difference is Champions League football. Do you want to play Champions League football for Ajax, who, realistically, probably won't win it. Or do you want to come to Manchester United, a massive club, and play Europa League football?" JUST IN: Man Utd 'launch first bid for Memphis Depay transfer' Scholes was then asked whether every player strived to face teams like Omonoia Nicosia, United's Europa League Group E opponents. And the ex-midfielder's response, asking whether it was an 'illness' prompted Ferdinand to lose all composure. "Of course they do. It's an illness isn't it?" Real Sociedad and Sheriff Tiraspol make up United's group in a competition that presents one of the best chances of silverware in Ten Hag's first season as manager. And Antony is his priority target in the final days of the summer window after enjoying a successful relationship at Ajax. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag explains leaving Casemiro on the bench for Soton United are understood to be weighing up their options after having the second offer worth £76m debunked by the Dutch Eredivisie champions. It may take more than £85m to lure Antony away from Amsterdam, despite his and the Red Devils' best efforts to complete the transfer. United's front line is unchanged from the 2-1 win against Liverpool on Monday against Southampton, with Anthony Elanga and Jadon Sancho starting on either side of Marcus Rashford. But Anthony Martial's absence through injury has further intensified the need for reinforcements, so there could be hope of third time lucky with another bid in the coming days. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here