WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from House of the Dragon episode two. After losing his wife in childbirth, King Viserys Targaryen (played by Paddy Considine) gave in to his council’s demands and revealed he planned to marry again. At the end of The Rogue Prince, he shocked the Small Council by announcing he would be wed to Alicent Hightower (Emily Carey) by Spring. As House of the Dragon picks up pace, episode three will see Princess Rhaenyra’s (Milly Alcock) succession to the throne threatened. In a first look at the new instalment, Alicent is told by her father Otto Hightower (Rhys Ifans): “The road ahead is uncertain but the end is clear. “Aegon will be King. He’s the first born son of the King.” Viserys is then seen throwing a young boy up in the air as he and his pregnant wife are greeted by their subjects. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview The King tells his daughter Rhaenyra: “You will be with your own child sooner than late.” But the princess is not so keen, shouting back: “I do not wish to marry.” Unfortunately that doesn’t go down well with her father or snaps: “Even I am not above tradition and duty.” It becomes clear there’s a divide between Alicent and Rhaenyra when the pair argue with one another. “It need not be this way,” Alicent pleads before her former friend, and now step-daughter, rides off. With Viserys know father to a son, Aegon, how long will it be before he renounces Rhaenyra as his heir? Even if he does not, it’s unlikely everyone in the Seven Kingdoms will be happy to see a Queen on the throne instead of Aegon. Fans are already buzzing about what the next instalment has in store with Marquice commenting: “This show just gets better and better.” DON'T MISS...Who plays Lord Corlys Velaryon in House of the Dragon? [EXPLAINER]House of the Dragon: Alicent Hightower have kids in Fire and Blood? [INSIGHT]Who is the Crabfeeder? House of the Dragon villain explained [EXPLAINER] “Otto Hightower is clearly manipulating the fool Viserys, Daemon was right!” Wes posted. “This show is getting better and better, how it has to be.” “Omg I’m freaking out. This is the perfect balance of political intrigue from the first half of Game Of Thrones yet has the visuals and spectacle of the later half,” Joshua Adams commented. LastOfUsClips was shocked by the time jump, writing: “Alicent and viserys already with a son. the story's moving along pretty decently quick.” Steve McMillen shared: “There seems to be quite big time-jumps between episodes! Very interesting to see how the show will handle this in future episodes!” Actress Milly has opened up on shooting fighting scenes with co-star Emily, stating she didn’t enjoy them. As their characters go head-to-head in coming episodes, she told Who What Wear: “The scenes where we weren’t the best of friends were difficult because I don’t like being angry at her in real life, and I didn’t want to pretend.” House of the Dragon continues every Sunday on HBO at 9pm ET in the US and every Monday at 9pm on Sky Atlantic in the UK.