Storms broke the latest heatwave with a bang yesterday, causing the mercury to plummet from 30C on Monday to just 22C today. The explosive forecast will see people living in England, Wales, and parts of Scotland experience further rain over the next few days. The Met Office has warned some Britons to expect widespread flooding caused by torrential downpours to cause trouble. Weather forecasts show rainfall will spread unevenly across the UK this morning, primarily over the south coast. Maps from WXCharts detected showers depositing light rain of 0.2mm to 2mm per hour off the coast of Cornwall, Dorset, Southampton, the Isle of Wight, and South Wales around 9am. Those showers will cluster around other parts of southern England from 12pm, with similarly light rain around London, Cardiff, the coast of Norwich and the Yorkshire Dales. READ MORE: Roads turn to rivers in Cornwall as flash flooding hits UK - VIDEO Scottish coastal and inland eastern areas such as Aberdeen, Edinburgh and Inverness should see similar rainfall. Southerners will see the rain intensify mid-afternoon, with most of England and Wales covered by a large band at 3pm. The heaviest rain should fall around the tip of Cornwall at Land's End, Dorset, and London, where showers should deposit up to 2.5mm per hour. Peterborough and several nearby areas can expect the day's most severe rainfall. Maps from WXCharts show a broad band of rain encompassing Peterborough, Cambridge, and smaller areas like Grantham could tip out between 5mm and 10mm per hour. The rain should move further north throughout the evening, making its way to the Midlands by 6pm. People can expect between 5mm and 15mm of rain per hour to fall around Sheffield, Lincoln and out to the coast via Skegness. Steady rainfall will remain there into the night, with 3mm to 5mm per hour in the same areas and Birmingham. The rain comes with warnings of significant disruption from the Met Office and flood warnings from the Environment Agency. In its warning for England and Wales today, the forecasters warned of coming lightning damaging property, "danger to life" from floodwaters and potential power cuts. The forecasters also warned that some areas could see between 20 to 30mm of rain, potentially 50mm in three hours, where systems move slower. The Environment Agency has responded to the forecast with a selection of flood warnings across the UK. As of this morning, the agency has prepared 16 flood "alerts" warning people that heavy rain could cause rivers to overflow into nearby communities. The alerts are in place for the following areas: Beverley Brook area in Merton, Sutton Bottle Brook in Derbyshire Loughborough urban watercourses and River Soar tributaries Ravensbourne area in Lewisham, Bromley, Greenwich and Croydon River Erewash Tributaries in Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire River Hogsmill area from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames River Leen, Day Brook and Tottle Brook in Nottinghamshire River Maun in Nottinghamshire River Rythe from Oxshott to Thames Ditton River Trent Tributaries in Nottinghamshire River Wandle area in Wandsworth, Merton, Lambeth, Croydon and Sutton Shuttle and Cray The north Norfolk coast from East Cley to Kelling Hard, including Salthouse The north Norfolk coast from Old Hunstanton to and including Cley Tributaries in North Derbyshire Tributaries in South Derbyshire