Liverpool could still have the opportunity to move for RB Leipzig midfielder Konrad Laimer after it was reported that the Austrian will not be joining Bayern Munich. The German champions were initially believed to be in negotiations with their Bundesliga rivals for the player but the deal is now off, opening the door for Jurgen Klopp to add to his midfield. Liverpool are currently experiencing severe injury problems in central midfield forcing the club back into the transfer market for reinforcements. James Milner, Jordan Henderson, Fabinho and Harvey Elliott are currently the only options that the club can rely on in the middle of the park. Laimer has emerged as a possible target for the Reds per 90min, with the club looking to take advantage of the positive working relationship they have with the German side. The Austria international would become the third player to make the move from Leipzig to Merseyside in recent years following in the footsteps of Naby Keita and Ibrahima Konate. The 25-year-old would give Klopp an extra element of versatility as he is capable of filling in at right back. He could be available for a knockdown price as his contract expires next season. The German club could be tempted to sell the player now in order to avoid losing him for free next summer. JUST IN: Liverpool 'bid' for Frenkie de Jong 'not recorded' by Barcelona Now the club have received a boost with the news that he will not be joining the Bundesliga champions. That is according to Sky Sports Germany reporter Florian Plettenburg who initially reported the clubs were in talks. Klopp has confirmed he is now looking to sign another midfielder despite announcing that the club’s transfer business was complete earlier in the window. The German is keen to bring in reinforcements following injuries to Thiago, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Naby Keita and Curtis Jones. “We are looking at it,” the 55-year-old explained. “If it is the right player, we need him. If it is not the right player, we don't need him. I know we have had this discussion since it all started and I am the one who said we don't need a midfielder and you were all right and I was wrong. That's the situation.” DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'reach transfer agreement' for Conte's eighth summer signingErik ten Hag replies to Cristiano Ronaldo transfer question with vowChelsea 'make intentions clear' to duo's agents amid Aubameyang talks “But the specific point doesn't change - we will do something but it has to be right.” It remains to be seen whether or not Laimer will be the new midfield addition that Klopp is targeting; however, it appears increasingly likely another player will arrive before September 1st. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here