Manchester United may have snapped up Casemiro from Real Madrid, but Frenkie de Jong remains a dream target for Erik ten Hag. At the current moment in time, the 25-year-old looks likely to stay at Barcelona. Yet with the player struggling for regular game time in Catalonia, the Red Devils have encouragement to make one last push for his signature… Manchester United have spent big this summer, with their £84million deal for Antony set to take their spending to past the £220m mark. In addition to the Brazil international, who is set to undergo a medical with the Red Devils on Monday, the club have also recruited Casemiro, Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia. United are, however, believed to be open to signing another midfielder if the right opportunity arises before Thursday’s deadline of 11pm. So with De Jong barely getting any game time at Barcelona, the Red Devils certainly have encouragement to make one last push for the Netherlands international - who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax. Since the beginning of pre-season, the Netherlands international has mostly found himself out in the cold. Xavi only gave De Jong 45 minutes in matches against Inter Miami, Real Madrid, Juventus, New York Red Bulls and Club Universidad Nacional ahead of the La Liga season. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers The Dutchman had to make do with a place on the bench for those figures, with a midfield trio of Sergio Busquets, Pedri and Gavi preferred instead. And, since the beginning of the La Liga season, it’s been a similar story. De Jong has been left on the bench for matches against Rayo Vallecano and Real Valladolid, only being introduced around the hour mark of both fixtures. And the 84 minutes he was given in their 4-1 win over Real Sociedad was his longest time on the pitch since the Netherlands beat Wales in the Nations League back in June. Barcelona are always going to prioritise their academy graduates, with Pedri and Gavi seen as potential superstars for the future. And with De Jong struggling for regular game time in a World Cup year, United can be forgiven for pondering a late transfer swoop. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Of course, the 25-year-old still wants to stay at Barcelona. They’re the club of his dreams, the team he’s always dreamed of playing for ever since he was a small child. Yet in a World Cup year, being stuck on the bench won’t do the midfielder any good at all. Louis van Gaal has made it clear he’ll only pick players who are regulars for their clubs - which was one of the reasons Jurrien Timber turned down United’s interest earlier in the summer. So while a deal for De Jong looks difficult to broker, it’s still worth one last attempt. If he continues to drift at Barcelona, there’s a real threat the 25-year-old will spend most the current season watching on from afar. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. At United, however, he’d be a regular in Ten Hag’s team. De Jong would feasibly be deployed alongside Casemiro, taking Christian Eriksen’s spot in the starting XI in the process. And Bruno Fernandes would then play further ahead in the No 10 position, with the Portugal international starting to get back to his blockbuster best. Speaking before United beat Southampton on Saturday, meanwhile, Ten Hag was asked about potentially adding another midfielder to his squad. Casemiro, Fernandes, Eriksen, James Garner, Donny van de Beek, Fred and Scott McTominay are all presently on the club’s books. But Ten Hag hinted he was open to making another signing providing the right opportunity comes up. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I think when you want to be I know in this moment we are not the world’s top, that is clear,” he said. “But the intention always has to be for United to look for better. So, good is not good enough, always go for better.” And, after United’s 1-0 win over the Saints, Ten Hag confirmed the club were ready to take action if the right players were to become available. “If a good player is available we will strike. We will be alert until the last second of the window,” he said. United agreed a huge overall fee of £72m for De Jong earlier in the summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here