Jeremy Clarkson’s local council has decided to investigate his new Diddly Squat Farm restaurant. It comes after the star claimed he found a “delightful little loophole” which enabled him to open it. The Diddly Squat Eatery had been obstructed by tough planning laws. However, the former Top Gear host stunned his fans last month after announcing he had “found a loophole” and could open up the business. West Oxfordshire District Council say they will look into the restaurant after councillors rejected the initial planning application in January. The WODC spokesperson said: “The council was made aware of the restaurant opening at Diddly Squat Farm. READ MORE: ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' “As part of our standard operating procedure, we have been looking into the operation to ensure it is compliant with local and national planning law and policies, as well as licensing and food hygiene regulations. They added, as reported by MailOnline, that they "comment on any ongoing investigations". Seven out of 10 councillors voted against the initial restaurant plans. Tweeting the news, Clarkson said in July: “I’m thrilled to announce that you now have a chance to try the amazing food we grow and rear on my farm at the brand new (but quite rustic) Diddly Squat restaurant.” Jeremy’s restaurant is available for booking at his Diddly Squat Farmshop in Chadlington, Oxfordshire. Items on the menu are all locally sourced. It includes snacks like sticky beef croquettes with aioli and pickled chilli, and mains such as Roasted topside of beef with vegetables. On the online restaurant booking service, information for Diddly Squat was posted to keep customers up to date. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury [HEALTH] Brad Pitt, 58, looks dapper in green suit amid retirement claims [HOLLYWOOD] Tess Daly puts on sultry display in red swimsuit flashing toned legs [PICS] It reads: “Before making your booking, you should know it's small, mostly outdoors and very rustic. “Ordering a beer or going to the lavatory isn't as easy as in your local pub and we don't cater to the faddy. “We've done our best to keep you warm and dry, but this is England. “On the upside, the view is enormous and almost everything you eat was grown or reared on our farm, so it's fresh with minimal food miles. It continued, explaining there was no menu, and that they choose dishes based on what is best on the day. The post reminded potential customers to “worry not”, as a table will be given a selection of snacks and starters followed by a roast and a pudding. It went on: “Our bread, made with Hawkstone lager, is absolutely brilliant. "We even have a tiny VIP room housed in an old shepherd's hut. This seats four (just) but it is dry and warmer than outside.”