Pauley Perrette, best known for her long-running portrayal of NCIS Forensic Scientist Abby Sciuto, has divided her followers with her latest social media post. Taking to Twitter, Pauley launched an angry tirade against a new Wayfair advert featuring an unfavourable portrayal of a rescue dog, but some of her followers thought her reaction went too far. The former NCIS star has aimed a biting take-down at homeware company Wayfair’s new commercial which blames a rescue dog for destroying furniture. In her outraged post, she wrote: “I'm SO mad @Wayfair new ad: 'You rescued him' – see ADORABLE RESCUE DOG – 'but who rescues you?' – see A HOUSE COMPLETELY TORN UP blamed on #RescueDog? “HOW DARE YOU! SHAME #RescueDogs to sell FURNITURE? #boycottWayfair HOW DARE YOU! @petfinder @amandafnd @Dogs4Rescue @MillDogRescue.” Outside her TV work, Pauley is well-known for her animal rights activism and supports a number of animal rescue organisations. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold She continued: “(And) @wayfair BREEDERS SELL puppies #puppymills. Dog rescuers place dogs who are past chew age. “WE Need ADOPTERS & You slam #RescueDogs TO SELL FURNITURE? #RescuePets RULE! FO' SHAME #WAYFAIR. “Dead dog blood on YOUR hands #BoycottWayfair Retweet @aspca @petfinder @americanhumane.” (sic) Her impassioned plea was met with divided reactions from her followers, many of whom thought her criticisms were unfair. Twitter user @tabender67 replied: “Wow I didn’t take it as a bad commercial at all. Actually thought it was pretty cute. You are over-dramatizing it.” @SheilaMehok argued: “I think it was meant to be a joke. I joke about my rescue dog all the time and how ornery he is. “He tears up stuff all the time! (And he’s going through training). All you can do is laugh and replace it. Stuff is replaceable, but my Archie is not!” “Noone is ‘shaming’ rescue dogs,” Michael Wyant said. “Dogs of ALL ages DO get in trouble for doing things like that. DON'T MISS:Anne Hegerty addresses possibility of new Chasers 'Hope not!' [EXCLUSIVE]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon announces next project [LATEST]P-Valley’s Mercedes star shares struggles away from Starz drama [INTERVIEW] “I would assume you own at least one dog so it's sad you know so little about an animal you own.” And @MrsRJHurt added: “Ok, clearly no one broke in & framed the dog. Commercial actually shows that ‘stuff’ is replaceable.” Although, @susanannthrift agreed with Pauley, saying: “A great way to put people off adopting a rescue!” While @SeriBarr exclaimed: “Ugh! Disgusting! Why discourage the rescue movement?” (sic) In response to Pauley’s rant, Wayfair reached out and said: “Thank you for bringing this to our attention, Pauley. “It was never our intention to harm or represent rescues in a negative light. We sincerely appreciate your concerns and have passed this feedback along to our team.” However, a number of fans were quick to respond to the company’s Twitter page to assure them they thought there was nothing wrong with the commercial and that it should remain on the airwaves. NCIS season 20 premieres Monday, September 19 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.