  Didi Conn, the actress who played Frenchy in Grease, has revealed the conversation she had with her friend Olivia Newton-John a month before she died of breast cancer at the age of 73. Didi, 71, detailed the heartfelt exchange as she reflected on how she would “always love” Olivia.     During an appearance on Good Morning America, Didi revealed Olivia opened up to her about her ailing health. The Grease star explained that the pair had spoken “a couple of weeks ago”, ahead of Olivia’s tragic death. “She told me that her health was, you know, she wasn't walking anymore and she had full-time care,” she said. “But her husband John and her daughter Chloe were there all the time, and she told me that they were just so hopelessly devoted.”      The phrase was a nod to Olivia’s Grease character Sandy, who sings the heartfelt ballad Hopelessly Devoted To You during the film. In another interview, Didi revealed: “Last time I was in contact with Olivia was by text and I said, 'I hope you know you're in my heart, always'. “And she wrote back, ‘And you are in mine.’ That was our last message on July 5th. “Olivia's death feels so personal to me and so many other people because she cared so much. Her heart was so big,” she remembered.    “I think that's how I'll always remember her - this big heart who just cared so much for everybody. And we will honestly always love her too,” she added in her interview with The Mirror. Olivia died peacefully surrounded by loved ones at her home in Southern California on Monday, according to her devoted husband John Easterling. John shared the devastating news in a Facebook post, which then sparked tributes from fans and friends all over the world. The post read: “Dame Olivia Newton-John (73) passed away peacefully at her Ranch in Southern California this morning, surrounded by family and friends.      “'We ask that everyone please respect the family's privacy during this very difficult time. “Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer. “Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer.” Olivia’s other “Pink Lady” co-star Stockard Channing also paid tribute to the late icon.      “I don't know if I've known a lovelier human being,” she began. “Olivia was the essence of summer – her sunniness, her warmth and her grace are what always come to mind when I think of her. “I will miss her enormously,” she added in her tear-jerking statement to People. John Travolta, who played Sandy’s love interest Danny Zuko, also penned: “My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. “Your impact was incredible. I love you so much. We will see you down the road and we will all be together again. “Yours from the first moment I saw you and forever! Your Danny, your John!”   