Scottish cop drama Shetland will make a return next week with a brand-new BBC series. Leading detective Jimmy Perez (played by Douglas Henshall) and his sidekick Tosh (Alison O’Donnell) will also be back to solve a number of mysterious murders. However, speaking in a new interview ahead of season seven, Alison opened up about how she landed the role of Tosh to what it’s like working alongside Douglas. The actress explained when she auditioned for the role, she wrote it off as an “absurd fantasy” as she didn’t believe she’d get it. Recalling her first audition, Alison said she had to read the script for the first scene of series one. Fans will remember watching Tosh’s first encounter with Jimmy, where she ended up throwing up at the murder scene. She said: “DI Perez asks if it’s her first body and she replies, ‘It’s not that, it’s the Dutch chocolate vodka from last night.’ I had to do that on the hop.” READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history The Tosh star went on to add that she got offered the role two weeks after her first audition. Just like her character, Alison had to learn on the job, admitting: “It was terrifying. “There were 100 people moving at 100 miles an hour, cables and equipment everywhere, and people using words I’d never heard before.” However, despite her initial fears, her co-star soon helped her settle in on set. “Dougie was totally amazing,” she continued to the Radio Times. “He’s such an aware person. “He came into the series understanding that he was the lead, and he led. “He knew how to help everyone with their particular set of problems. “One of the things I love most about Dougie — and I love many things — is that he gets the best out of people.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Another double pregnancy rocks the village [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little refused to watch BBC series [INSIGHT]TalkTV viewers slam Kate McCann's 'car crash' Rebekah Vardy interview [REACTION] The ending of series six left a lot of viewers in tears after it dropped a huge cliffhanger. The final moments of the episode saw the detective and Duncan Hunter (Mark Bonnar) arrested for the death of Donna Killick (Fiona Bell). After convincing Duncan to help her die earlier in the series, it was revealed that Donna had left a note blaming her death on Duncan. She also said in the letter that Duncan’s pal Jimmy was involved in her death. There was also another bombshell at the end of the episode as Tosh discovered she was pregnant It is unclear where series seven will pick up, but fans hope both Jimmy and Duncan will clear their names. Last month, leading actor Douglas also shocked fans after he announced he was leaving his role on Shetland. The actor felt his story as Jimmy Perez had been told and felt it was the right time to leave. Shetland begins on August 10 at 9pm on BBC One.