Brenda Blethyn is currently filming scenes for season 12 of the ITV detective drama Vera. The actress was snapped at an old police station in Blyth and happily obliged when a serving police officer asked for a photograph with the iconic fictional detective.    Northumbria Police’s official Twitter page shared the image with its followers. The caption read: “PC Steve West was out on patrol when he spotted a familiar face in #Blyth. “None other than Brenda Blethyn, the actress who plays famous TV detective Vera, stopped for a photo & a chat. “If you want to make your fave TV show a reality then visit our careers page today.” (sic) Read more: Vera star pays tribute to Brenda Blethyn as he 'wraps' up on series    Brenda and her co-stars have been spotted filming in Newcastle and Northumberland for the newest series. It's not yet known when filming for the series will come to an end. However, director Khurrum M. Sultan recently shared a sweet tribute to Brenda when one episode wrapped up. The director tweeted a picture of some members of the cast and a clapperboard.    He wrote: “And that’s a wrap. What an incredible journey. “Thank you to my entire cast and crew. “And of course thank you to the legendary @BrendaBlethyn and @kennydoughty.” “I can’t wait to share the episode,” he added. DON'T MISSVera: Buffy star ‘begs’ for role in ITV drama with Brenda Blethyn [INTERVIEW]Vera’s Brenda Blethyn appears worried as she films tense scene [INSIGHT]Vera’s Brenda Blethyn left ‘stunned’ by location for ITV drama [INSIGHT]   Brenda shared the picture to Twitter followers with the caption: “A pleasure to work with you Khurrum.” Fans of the actress from around the world were thrilled with the filming update. @EileenCurley6 commented: “Fab photos.  Looking forward to seeing the results of all your hard work.” “Brilliant series! Can’t wait! Meanwhile, I’ll re-binge on 11 seasons!” @sellerhbc said.    @NUMBERONELFCFAN added: “Can’t wait for the new episodes Vera just gets better and better!” “Can’t wait, I’ve rewatched every episode of Vera, I’m particularly word perfect,” @DianeDutton shared. @mis_round tweeted: “Congratulations on another series, can't wait for release in Australia. Vera has amazing scripts and a wonderful selection of talented actors, absolutely enjoy every episode, so thank you to you all.”   