With many worried about how much their energy bills will be come October, it is important to try and keep costs down wherever possible. Energy experts at Radiators Online looked at five of the worst energy-guzzling appliances in the home and calculated how expensive they are to run. 1. Air conditioning and heating The experts said: “Your HVAC system is the biggest consumer of energy in your home. “Most HVAC systems run 24 hours a day; therefore, depending on the efficiency of your unit, on average, it may use 72kWh in a day, costing you a staggering £4,967.65 a year and £13.61 every day. “To save money, invest in a programmable thermostat. If you assumed the energy costs of running a fan are minimal, you’d be right. “Consider direct current fans. They use so little energy that operating one at full speed for 24 hours a day would cost between £24.83 and £164.25 a year.” READ MORE: Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ 2. Water heating According to the experts, water heaters come next on the list, costing around £828.55 if used daily for a year. This is a huge amount of money to be paying just for water. However, homeowners don’t have to break the bank to heat water in their homes. The experts recommended heat pumps which use electricity to transfer heat using only around 500 watts. DON'T MISS:Homes Under the Hammer buyers renovate two flats in 3 months [VIDEO]How to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat without watering [INSIGHT]‘Best time’ to prune lavender for growth year-after-year [EXPLAINER] 3. Fridge The experts said: “A refrigerator must run 24 hours a day to keep your food fresh. “This appliance needs 180 watts per hour to run, which means it requires 4.32 kWh to run for 24 hours. “Multiplying this by 365 days at the average price per kWh, we find that your fridge is costing you £299.30 per year.” Fridge’s are essential but paying for it with expensive electricity isn’t. The Radiators Online experts recommended purchasing a less-expensive appliance to lower the cost, such as propane fridges. READ MORE: Three things to avoid cleaning with ‘corrosive’ citric acid 4. Dishwasher Many people use dishwashers for convenience, but they cost a fortune to run. It takes around 1800 watts for a dishwasher to run for one hour, and the average washer runs for about two hours. The experts added: “This means it uses 3.6 kWh per average, costing you about £240.20 if used daily for a year.” 5. Oven While the oven is not the most expensive appliance to run, opening and closing the door can be costly. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to the experts, this can affect how much electricity the oven uses. They added: “We estimated that an oven is used, on average, for about an hour a day. “It takes about 2400 watts for an average oven to run. Therefore, it requires 2.4 kWh for one hour of use and costs about £164.25 to use daily for a year.” A spokesperson for Radiators Online said: “The cheapest household product on our list is the washing machine. “This appliance is a widely used Energy Star model and only needs 500 watts per hour to run. “This is because your washing machine uses more energy heating water than it does doing anything else during a wash cycle. “So, washing machines are more energy efficient by using cold water, which most people prefer to use when doing their laundry. “Hence, if used every day for a year, a washing machine’s electricity costs £18.25. “Overall, refrain from using your energy-intensive appliances as much as possible, opt for energy star®-rated models and consider cheaper alternatives.”