Manchester United don’t plan on giving up on Frenkie de Jong despite failing to sign the Barcelona star this summer, according to reports. The Netherlands international was Erik ten Hag’s priority target earlier in the transfer window. However, since landing Casemiro from Real Madrid, the Red Devils have abandoned their pursuit. Manchester United spent a quarter of a year chasing De Jong until earlier this month, when they then decided to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid instead. Yet Goal say the Red Devils haven’t abandoned their pursuit entirely, with the fallen Premier League giants already eyeing the 25-year-old for future transfer windows. Upon taking over from Ralf Rangnick, Ten Hag identified his fellow Dutchman as a priority. He believes there’s no player like him the whole of world football, which is why interest has been so intense. The Red Devils have used up most of their budget this summer now, particularly with Antony poised to follow Casemiro to Old Trafford in a massive £84m deal. But they’ll have big money to spend in the future and De Jong is poised to remain on their radar. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all This summer, the Barcelona star has been reluctant to leave the Nou Camp for a variety of different reasons - at a time where Chelsea have also been keen. De Jong is happy playing for the La Liga giants, having dreamed of wearing their famous red and blue colours ever since he was a young child. He believes that, after a few inconsistent years, Barcelona also now have a team capable of challenging for the world’s biggest prizes. The Catalan giants have been active in the window this summer, recruiting the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen. And Barcelona are daring to dream big as a result. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him De Jong and his partner are also settled in the city, having lived there ever since the player’s move from Ajax back in 2019. And the fact Barcelona are playing in the Champions League this summer, instead of the Europa League like United, is another factor in the player’s thinking. Ten Hag had been hoping his close relationship with De Jong would be another to lure the midfielder to the Premier League. And whether United are successful in signing him in the future remains to be seen. Speaking recently, meanwhile, Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher ripped into the Red Devils for signing Casemiro when it was common knowledge they wanted De Jong instead. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “As for United? Well, just look at the Adrien Rabiot deal, which collapsed this week due to the player’s wage demands” Carragher wrote in his Daily Telegraph column. “If you are a club like United, you should not be pulling out of transfers — after agreeing a fee with the selling team — due to wage demands. “Someone at the club should already know what sort of salary the player wants, long before it reaches this point. “They have also spent weeks chasing Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong, and now they are running around trying to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid. “From De Jong, to Rabiot, to Casemiro. They are all different players with different styles and ages. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “What is the plan here? Where is the strategy? It is embarrassing.” Ten Hag has confirmed United are unlikely to add to their squad before the summer transfer window closes at 11pm on Thursday. “I think so, for this window it will be the end,” Ten Hag said. “But when there is opportunity you have to be always alert. “Aaron will stay in. "This squad we will go from September to minimum January.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here