About two hectares of shrubland were on fire on Woolwich Common, according to London Fire Brigade (LFB). It warned residents nearby to keep their windows and doors shut due to the smoke.   The brigade received 48 calls about the fire and was first alerted at 4.18pm today. Crews from Plumstead, Eltham, Lee Green and other surrounding fire stations are at the scene, according to a statement issued by the LFB. It said the cause of the fire is not known at this stage. The fire was under control by 5.44pm, according to LFB. In Seaford near Brighton, firefighters from East Sussex Fire and Rescue Service are tackling a blaze at Seaford Head Golf Course which started at around 3.30pm today. The fire covered an area roughly 100m by 200m, according to the service. The cause of the fire is unknown at this stage.   A large fire also broke out in a field in Swanley, Kent, near the M25 on Thursday. Firefighters from Kent Fire and Rescue Service fought the flames said to have covered 12 acres. LFB has previously identified burning cigarettes and barbecues as "the worst offenders" for starting grass fires. The blaze at Woolwich Common comes less than three weeks after the LFB declared a major incident as firefighters battled fires across the capital during July's record-breaking heatwave. On July 19 alone firefighters were dealing with a number of fires across London, including 30 in Upminster, Wennington, Pinner, Southgate, Croydon, Dagenham, Wembley, Hendon and Eltham. The LFB called for a total ban on disposable barbecues last week in the wake of one if its busiest periods in history.  READ MORE ABOUT AMAZON WORKERS STRIKING OVER A 35P PER HOUR PAY RISE   Fire service chiefs on Wednesday welcomed a move from Marks & Spencer to stop selling disposable barbecues amid the rise in wildfire incidents linked to the hot weather and climate change. The retail giant had already stopped selling the product near national parks and in London in an effort to protect open spaces and reduce the risk of fires. LFB hailed the action by Marks & Spencer as "good news". Co-op announced in June last year it would no longer sell disposable barbecues in 130 shops situated in or within a one-mile radius of national parks. In March this year Aldi said it would no longer sell the items in any of its UK supermarkets in a bid to protect the nation's forests and wildlife. LFB said in the week of July 18 - during which a record-breaking temperature of 40.3C was reached in Coningsby, Lincolnshire - it received 8,302 calls and attended 3,231 incidents.  DON'T MISS: 'Double hit for us!' Brexit row with EU threatens Northern Ireland [REPORT] Warning as Royal Mail sets date millions of stamps become worthless [LATEST] Meghan’s ‘comforting’ hand gesture on Harry offers a glimpse [REVEALED]   It said in that period the number of 999 calls received was more than double taken for the same period last year and 34 grass fires required an attendance of four fire engines or more. As of Monday (August 1), firefighters attended 533 wildfires across the country, according to the National Fire Chiefs Council. This compares to 247 for the whole of 2021. LFB has said dry weather has left grassland like a tinderbox and increases the chances of a fire caused by a disposable barbecue. It added despite the temperature not being as high, grasslands will still be extremely dry. People have been urged not to barbecue in parks and to ensure cigarettes, rubbish and glass are properly disposed of.   A petition to Parliament has been launched, calling for a total ban on the sale and use of disposable barbecues in the UK. It has been backed by LFB.  