Former Manchester City defender Danny Mills has slammed Dean Henderson for his comments since leaving Manchester United on loan for Nottingham Forest. The goalkeeper believed that promises were broken last season when he returned to Old Trafford and was allegedly promised the No 1 jersey but was below David de Gea in the pecking order for the majority of the year. "I turned so many good loans down last summer for that reason [being told he would be No 1], and they wouldn't let me go,” Henderson told talkSPORT. “It was frustrating. To sit there and waste 12 months is criminal really, at my age. I was fuming. I tried to join Forest all before [Erik Ten Hag joined] — I told the hierarchy I need to play football. I don't want to be here playing second fiddle. I was almost gone before the manager came in and I haven't spoke to him since.” Henderson claimed that he didn’t ask Ten Hag about moving out on loan. “I didn't really want the manager to come in and be able to see me in training,” the 25-year-old said. “Because I knew he'd probably want to keep me." Mills was not happy with the comments Henderson made, and claimed they “annoyed” him. “Boo hoo, woe is me,” Mills told talkSPORT. “Welcome to the real world of football Dean. This is what happens in football. JUST IN: Ronaldo 'has second Saudi offer' as Man Utd ace given food for thought “David de Gea, didn’t he get Player of the Season? Therefore you were rightly number two behind him. No one ever gets promised ‘You are going to be No 1 all season long’, it’s impossible, doesn’t happen. You may start that way, but he got Covid. He was out of the team, David de Gea came in, played well, he stays in. That’s what happens in football, players get injured, they get ill, someone else gets an opportunity and you can’t get back in. Tough. You have to deal with it, that’s football. “He wasn’t that bothered when he signed a six-year deal. It doesn’t matter what you get told, there are so many things that really annoy me about those statements, ‘I didn’t even speak to the manager’, so if you think you’re good enough to be number one, you think you’re better than David de Gea, then speak to Erik ten Hag and say ‘I think I am better than you [De Gea] am I going to play?’. DON'T MISS...Man Utd view on Chelsea's Frenkie de Jong interest emergesMan Utd joined by six clubs in Sesko race as Salzburg price revealedMan Utd 'still convinced Frenkie de Jong wants transfer' “If Ten Hag says no, then okay you have got decisions to make. Then he goes on about he turned down so many good loan deals, but Manchester United wouldn’t let him go. Well in that case you didn’t turn down a single thing, because if Man United wasn’t prepared to let you go there was never a loan deal on the table. “Don’t sign a six-year deal. Football isn’t that easy, no one can ever be promised ‘You are coming in to start, you are going to play every single week’, because if you are out of form or you get injured, someone else gets in and takes your place, tough. “There are squads of 25 players, look what Pep [Guardiola] did to Joe Hart. I didn’t hear Joe Hart come out bleating like this, complaining, he just went ‘Okay, I didn’t like it, deal with it and move on’. Simple as that. He is 25, he is not a kid anymore.”