"I've got a body bag waiting for you, you grass," threatened Robert Cockerline, after serious long-running problems with a fellow neighbour escalated out of control. Hull Crown Court heard that Cockerline also played music loudly, slammed doors and banged on the other man's door during a frightening revenge campaign after his neighbour complained about his antisocial antics to the police. Cockerline, 55, of King Street, Cottingham, admitted to stalking a neighbour, reports HullLive. However, he denied a charge of witness intimidation and that matter was dropped on the day of a scheduled trial. Andrew Stranex, prosecuting, said that Cockerline and the other man were neighbours in flats with a shared communal entrance and staircase. In October, the man complained to the police about Cockerline's behaviour and Cockerline was arrested. When he was released from custody, he returned to his flat and, after a gap of two or three weeks without any problems, Cockerline banged on the man's door and shouted: "I've seen the f****** statement, you grass." The abuse and harassment continued and Cockerline played loud music, slammed doors, banged on the man's door and shouted abuse when he met the neighbour. "The noise was intrusive due to the thin walls," said Mr Stranex. "He installed a camera inside his flat in fear of Cockerline coming into his flat. He does not say that Cockerline has harmed him, he fears that he might." On February 5, the man was woken by loud music at 7am. Cockerline banged on his door and shouted: "I've got a body bag waiting for you, you grass. It will take me 10 seconds to deal with you. Come on, big man, let's see what you are made of." Cockerline made further allegations against the man. "This is persistent behaviour and there was significant psychological harm and he had to make significant changes to his lifestyle," said Mr Stranex. The police were alerted and, after they arrived, Cockerline shouted and was aggressive. He was "very angry and abusive" but later denied making any threats or that he would carry out any threats. Cockerline had convictions for 44 previous offences, including many for harassment. David Godfrey, mitigating, said that Cockerline had been in custody for several months from March 30 until being released on July 8. "He doesn't want to have any form of relationship with the complainant," said Mr Godfrey. "They are still living in very close proximity to each other. They are neighbours." Recorder Peter Makepeace QC said that the other man had worked with the police to try to help Cockerline by agreeing to a lesser charge being accepted. "That speaks extraordinary volumes for him," said Recorder Makepeace. "It was clearly persistent. The harm and distress you caused was very serious." Cockerline made verbal threats about a person giving evidence and making a statement.   "It strikes at the very heart of the justice system," said Recorder Makepeace. Cockerline had already served the equivalent of a six-month prison sentence because of his time on remand in custody. "It would be quite wrong for me to pass a further custodial sentence today," said Recorder Makepeace. Cockerline had made progress and, because of help he had received, was now a "very different person". He was given 25 days' rehabilitation and a five-year restraining order. 