The Advocate General has submitted the UK Government's argument that constitutional matters are reserved for Westminster and a referendum on Scotland's future cannot be held without the consent of Westminster. It comes after the SNP-led Holyrood Government claimed last month that its plans for IndyRef2 fall within the scope of its powers as the ballot would be "advisory" and have no legal effect on the union. A full hearing on the case is set to be heard by the Supreme Court in October. UK law officers have argued that the constitution is reserved to Westminster. Last month, the Scottish government published its case, stating the referendum is "advisory" and would have no legal effect on the union.  "On the question of legislative competence, the UK government's clear view remains that a Bill legislating for a referendum on independence would be outside the legislative competence of the Scottish parliament." Scotland's law officer Lord Advocate Dorothy Bain QC referred a prospective referendum Bill to the Supreme Court last month to ascertain if it was within the powers of the Scottish Parliament. It is understood the UK government has asked for the Court's permission to publish the submission by the Advocate General for Scotland Lord Stewart QC. The hearing is set to take place on October 11 and 12 in London.  In the submission last month, the Scottish government said any referendum would not be "self-executing", meaning it would be advisory and only used as a way to discover the views of the Scottish people. The SNP have also attempted to intervene, arguing that it would be "fair, just and reasonable" for the party to make arguments to the court. The 15-page submission was presented by lawyers Claire Mitchell QC and David Welsh. The rules of the court, the submission says, allow for "any official body or non-governmental organisation seeking to make submissions in the public interest" to apply to intervene. DON'T MISS:Sturgeon accused of 'betraying' Scottish students as exam grades FALL [REACTION]'No one's left' Russian officer tells of mass troop desertions [COMMENT]Putin’s grip on power undermined as Russia becoming ‘vassal state’ [ANALYSIS] First Minister Nicola Sturgeon hopes to hold an independence vote on October 19 2023. She is currently pushing for an agreement with the UK government to allow this. But with UK minister opposed to this, she wants the Supreme Court to rule on whether Holyrood alone has the power to hold a vote. The Supreme Court want to hear both sides before making a decision.