Kate Middleton’s appearance hasn’t changed much since she first rocketed to fame after marrying Prince William in 2011. The Duchess’ slim frame is thanks to a balanced diet and plenty of exercise. Kate has always been active and participated in a number of sports at university in St Andrew’s, where she met William. There are pictures of her rowing, running, and playing tennis. Kate ensures to stay fit now too, and does plenty of home exercises to keep her energy levels up, enabling her to be healthy enough to take part in sporty royal engagements. Just last week, Kate joined Great Britain’s rowing team in a friendly race against New Zealand during the Commonwealth Games. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton’s training plan which burns thousands of calories Dr Charlotte Norton, a Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic, spoke to Express.co.uk about the likely exercise and diet regime Kate follows now to maintain her ideal weight. She said: “The Duchess of Cambridge is well-known for being naturally athletic and a huge admirer of spending time in nature and keeping fit. “Also, considering her senior royal rank, you’d imagine she eats quite well too, which makes it not so hard to wonder why she looks so great at 40. “We all know that Kate’s ability to look great in any dress, skirt, or pair of trousers is obviously a result of her incredibly toned figure, even if she also has an impeccable sense of style. DON'T MISS: Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] “Of course, Kate’s naturally slender frame is partly down to genetics, but it’s no secret that the royal mother-of-three enjoys all things athletic and is reported to appreciate a good workout. “Whether it’s cross country, tennis or walking, she has been known to enjoy sports.” Although the Duchess’ exact diet is not known, Kate has reportedly followed the Dukan diet in the past. Made popular by Dr Pierre Dukan, a French general practitioner, the diet claims to produce “rapid, permanent weight loss without hunger”, according to Healthline. The diet involves eating foods that are high in protein and low in carbohydrates – not unlike the Mediterranean diet, which has been called the “healthiest diet on the planet” by acclaimed nutritionists, such as Dr Michael Mosley. According to reports, Kate followed the Dukan diet in the run up to her wedding, but she has continued to eat plenty of fruit and vegetables since. But Kate isn’t always strict with what she eats, Dr Norton told Express.co.uk – her “secret” is consistency. The doctor said: “There hasn’t been a moment in history so far where she has had a dramatic change in appearance, even post-pregnancy and I think that’s due to being consistent with diet and exercise. “I think another secret is that she allows herself to have the odd sweet snack and carb-filled meal, which isn’t a crime.” Dr Norton added that diet and weight loss are “all about a balance, which I think Kate has perfected”. According to the nutrition expert, Kate “is known to be an avid cook and doesn’t shy away from pizzas, pasta, and curries”. This suggests that Kate enjoys her food and, because she doesn’t restrict herself, she is more likely not to binge eat.