Dream on, I’d retort. The monarchy has survived for more than a thousand years. You think it’s going to end now just because you want it to? It’s got another few centuries in it yet. But now I’m not sure. In fact, I have massive doubts. Yes, Prince Charles will become King. But then what?  I fear the monarchy will become a huge political football, like it already is in Australia and elsewhere. I fear it will be threatened in a way that it hasn’t been since 1649, when the king had his head chopped off and Britain became a republic for 11 years. I fear that King Charles (or whatever name he takes) will try his best but fail to inspire anything like the love and respect given to his mother. Most of all, I fear that the end is in sight, and that the monarchy’s days are numbered. Just look at the figures. In the second half of the 20th century, the monarchy consistently attracted overwhelming support. Through ups and downs, failed marriages and the death of Diana, support remained at a whopping 75 percent of the population, easily drowning out the 17 percent who wanted a republic and the handful of others who couldn’t care less.But then, a decade ago, something remarkable happened. Support started dropping. And it’s headed south ever since. According to the most recent poll, just 57 percent of people support the monarchy, with close to 30 percent now demanding its abolition. And the younger you are, the less likely you are to be a royalist. In fact, as many 18–24-year-olds want an elected head of state as support the monarchy. So, what’s caused this sudden, calamitous, historic decline? First, we can attach zero blame to the Queen. As we saw during the Jubilee, the nation’s love for her both as a person and head of state remains undiminished. She is incredible. Her personal approval ratings are sky-high. Long may she live and reign over us. No, it’s other Royals we must examine. And two in particular, who need no introduction. Yup, Andrew and Harry have turned the monarchy into a media freak show. In fact, if either of them had actually set out, with positive intent, to destroy their own family, they could hardly have done a better job. Let’s start with Andrew. It is no coincidence that the decline in support for the monarchy began at exactly the time that the BBC first reported his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein – just over a decade ago. We British do not expect our Royals to be saints. But nor do we expect them to be quite so objectionable. And by maintaining his friendship with Epstein, refusing to apologise, failing to empathise with victims, giving the world’s worst ever crisis interview, then rushing himself back into a public role about 30 years ahead of time, Andrew has proved himself a disgraceful, arrogant liability. The damage he has caused is incalculable. And then there’s Harry. I have some sympathy with him, but his behaviour since he rushed off to America has been beyond egocentric. Why he believes anyone should listen to his views on anything at all, now he’s left the Royal Family, is unfathomable. Anything he says, or writes, can only have one result: to damage the institution he spent his life representing. Perhaps he craves revenge. Perhaps Meghan has led him astray. Regardless, his every act and word worsen the outcome. The damage done by this witless duo looks beyond repair. And the rest of the Royals, who work hard year after year to fulfil their duties, are damned by association. It is now unthinkable, I’d say impossible, that support for the monarchy will climb back to the 75 percent of just a decade ago. Far more likely it will continue downwards, with a further big dive after the Queen dies. Look into history, and we see once-great and seemingly indestructible institutions that became fat and complacent before finally collapsing. It happened to mighty companies like Enron and Lehman Brothers, and massive empires like the Soviet Union. Nothing is guaranteed to survive. Not even the Royal Family.And if the monarchy does crumble in the next few decades, we’ll know who to blame. We will point the finger firmly at our freakish pair. They started the slide. That will be their legacy.