The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, both 40, are set to move to Windsor, with their three children, next month. Despite their move, it has been reported that the couple are keeping their "expensively refurbished" London-based home, Kensington Palace. The couple are often praised for doing the "right things" when it comes to "big PR moves", but according to the Daily Mail's editor-at-large Richard Kay, the couple have potentially failed to "read the room, amid the country's ongoing recession. Mr Kay said: "The royals are very sensitive to how they're perceived by the public. "It just looks slightly extravagant, slightly over-the-top [and] what's slightly surprising, in my view, about it is that William and Kate have been very good at, sort of, recognising public reading, reading the rooms, and on this occasion, I felt they didn't." Palace Confidential's host Jo Elvin then asked Mr Kay's fellow guest, the Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden about his views on if the Cambridge's "misjudged this one". Mr Eden said: "Look for me, life is more than public relations. READ MORE: Meghan Markle puts Royal family on alert AGAIN as Duchess' new podcast released - DETAILS "What's more important is for them as a family, and this is a move that very much works for them." He added that the family-of-five will be living "pretty close" to the three children's new school, and that the public would understand that "he's [William] putting family first". Mr Eden noted that the couple need to keep Kensington Palace as "their base" because they have "meetings there" and they've "got their offices". He added: "I think, sort of, going down the route of 'we're suffering', 'we're poor too', it would never work." After referring to the couple's holiday home, Tam-Na-Ghar Cottage, he added: "So, I think it's better to be open about that, and yes, they've got three home". READ MORE: 'Exasperated': Harry complains about having to 'fix' £12m mansion in chat with Meghan The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and their three children, are moving into Adelaide Cottage. The four-bedroom property is, according to reports, a "modest" home and is located a short walk away from the Queen's full-time residence, Windsor Castle. According to the Daily Mail royal correspondent Rebecca English, William and Kate have been planning a move to Berkshire since 2021. Earlier this month, it was confirmed that the couple's three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis will all be starting at Lambrook School. DON'T MISS Queen issues 'deeply saddening' news as she carries on working [REVEAL]Give poor Harry and Meghan a break and let them live their lives WHALE [COMMENT]Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well' [INSIGHT] According to 9honey's royal expert Natalie Oliveri, who recently spoke on Australia's Today Show, the couple's new Windsor home will offer more "privacy away from the cameras", compared to their London home. She claimed that Kensington Palace has been described as "glorious prison". Ms Oliveri added: "So this is going to be a very big change for the Cambridges." READ NEXT: