Water companies have announced that a hosepipe ban will be imposed on people across Kent and Sussex. South East Water said it “had no choice” after the driest July on record, in which the UK experienced the hottest day ever. The measures will come into force on August 12 and will affect at least one million people. Because of this, drivers are being warned for doing regular activities which may lead them to be fined, including cleaning their car. People will no longer be allowed to use a hosepipe to clean their cars and risk fines of up to £1,000 for breaking the rules. To keep their cars looking at their best, drivers can do a number of things to prevent them from being fined. READ MORE: Morrisons slashes petrol and diesel prices at all UK fuel stations The first option that motorists could use to clean their car is a bucket of grey water and a sponge. A hosepipe uses between 400 and 480 litres of water when washing a car from start to finish. Drivers can instead use grey water, which is water from bathroom and kitchen sinks. This only uses around 32 litres of water, making it more eco-friendly and will stop drivers from being fined. DON'T MISSAngry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING]British expats in Spain given major update after driving licence ban [INSIGHT]'Absolutely crucial!': Hypermiling tips can help drivers slash costs [IMPORTANT] However, Britons are being warned to regularly check the sponge for harmful objects caught on it which could damage the car’s bodywork. After cleaning a car, motorists should try and park the car out of direct sunlight, ideally in a garage. This will stop the water and soap from drying too quickly, leaving watermarks on the paint. People are also recommended to try using a watering can with nozzle attachment full of cold water to rinse the body panels down after soaping. HAVE YOUR SAY: Would you grass up your neighbours for using their hosepipe in a ban? [JOIN THE READER DEBATE HERE] Just one watering can is sufficient to rinse away any soap after the cleaning process. Afterwards, leave to drip dry in a cool space, or use a microfibre cloth to wipe clean. Ollie Green, car maintenance expert at Collect Service Go, urged drivers to look at alternative ways of cleaning their vehicle. He said: “Always wash the car from top to bottom. “Most of the dirt on your car is on the lower sections, so washing from top to bottom avoids dirt being transferred to cleaner areas. “Helping you to be more quick and efficient when cleaning your vehicle. “Plan ahead and apply a polish, wax, or any other appropriate car care products. “Adding these help to not only add a shine to your car, but also improves the overall protection from dirt by forming a protective layer and barrier between the paint and any debris.” Experts have predicted that more parts of the UK may have to deal with a hosepipe ban throughout the year. Thames Water has said a hosepipe ban is possible in London, which would affect millions. The supplier said the recent heatwave had led to "extremely high demand". It has been estimated that it had seen the highest demand for 25 years.