Just over a week out from his rematch against Anthony Joshua in Jeddah, and Oleksandr Usyk looks like he's already checked one 'dream' off his wish list. 'The Cat' will face off against 'AJ' for a second time on August 20 when he'll put his WBA (Super), IBF, WBO, and IBO heavyweight titles on the line for the first time. The first act against Joshua (24-2) was the heaviest Usyk has ever been, having stepped up in class at the back end of 2019. He weighed in at 15 stone, 11 pounds ahead of the bout at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, more than a stone lighter than his opponent (17st 2lbs). The extra advantage in speed and stamina ultimately told, and Usyk saw out a unanimous-decision win over Britain's Olympic hero. But despite that result, he's hoped to pack on even more mass in an effort to hit his ideal 16-stone target. Usyk (19-0) intimated as much after beating Derek Chisora via unanimous decision in October 2020. The 35-year-old was just 15st 7lbs for that clash, but it's not been for a lack of trying as he looks to feel more at home among his fellow heavyweights. READ MORE Oleksandr Usyk won't rule out 'freak fight' vs Canelo Alvarez after Anthony Joshua rematch  “I feel more powerful, since moving up from cruiserweight," said the ex-king of the 200lb division following victory over Chisora. “I put extra weight on my body when I train in the gym and I don’t feel as flexible or sharp as I should but that is only because of the hard work. “When it comes to sparring and boxing, me and my team will decide on the optimum weight for me to fight at. I will stay at that weight and it will be ideal for my movement because that is my main skill.” Fans previously warned Joshua after Usyk released new training footage earlier in August, looking more comfortable with his enhanced frame. However, trainer Dave Coldwell told Express Sport he's concerned about Usyk's growth and believes the changes may mean he sacrifices some speed and mobility. DON'T MISS Conor Benn outlines dad Nigel's role in do-or-die fight vs British rival Chris Eubank Jr Anthony Joshua names reason he axed trainer Rob McCracken after Oleksandr Usyk loss Eddie Hearn snubs Anthony Joshua by claiming Tyson Fury is world's 'best heavyweight'    "It’s going to slow him down," said Coldwell. "If you’re losing speed, you’re giving more options to be hit and not only that I believe that AJ really needs to focus on going to Usyk’s body to take away his legs." It would play into Joshua's hands if that were the case, though it's difficult to quantify the impact of Usyk's added pounds at present. Many might question his desire to change anything given the first fight panned out exactly as hoped, but it's that determination to never be content that may also be his key to a second straight victory over Joshua.