Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, announced they were stepping down as senior working royals in 2020. The couple have visited the UK since their exit, including attending the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebratory weekend in June. Since 2020, it has been long been speculated whether, whilst the Sussexes now live in the US, they will ever make a return to the UK. Speaking on a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean has suggested the couple are in different minds about a potential return. Mr Sean said: "Apparently, according to a good source, Harry has been told in no uncertain terms, that Meghan doesn't want to return to the United Kingdom. "As ever we have to say allegedly, full time and more importantly, doesn't really see her life, or indeed her children's life there, full time." He added: "Harry, apparently, he's seemingly not giving up, and, at some point, does see his life, at some stage, returning back here to the United Kingdom". In regards to Meghan, Mr Sean added: "Why would she want to return to a country, which she believes is, and ever we have to say allegedly, racist, don't like her and simply, didn't welcome her." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Desperate' Harry and Meghan spark fierce backlash announcing UK return He continued: "I think she thought that by getting Harry over to California, her life could simply just start again, as it was. "[or] this time, with a lot more fame, a lot more jewels and a lot more recognition worldwide." He concluded by asking if the "bigger question on that is", will Harry's return "be alone". Meghan and Harry's spokesperson has announced that the couple will be returning to the UK next month. READ MORE: Poll result: Meghan Markle should not run for US President in 2024 – YOU VOTED One of their representatives stated that they will be "visiting charities and associations close to their hearts". The Sussexes' spokesperson announced: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." This will be the couple's first visit back to the UK since their return for the Jubilee in June. DON'T MISS 'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL] Since their official royal exit in early 2020, the couple reside in the US, along with their two children, three-year-old son Archie Harrison and one-year-old daughter Lilibet Diana. It is not known whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be accompanied by their two children. READ NEXT: