Richard Fitzwilliams said the Firm would be bracing for more shockwaves after the Duchess of Sussex revealed she hasn’t signed anything that keeps her quiet in her latest bombshell interview. The royal commentator said Meghan’s latest chat with US magazine The Cut underlined “a deep rift between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family”. He told Express.co.uk: “Meghan is speaking out again and threatening to speak out more. “She says she can say anything as she has signed nothing. It is a threat and, oddly, part of a ‘healing process’ apparently. “The Royal Family will find this extremely concerning. She has rowed back on the quote from Harry about losing his father. Nonetheless, it is an extremely embarrassing mistake. “So is the mention of Nelson Mandela in this article.”  Mr Fitzwilliams’s warning comes after the Duchess, 41, hinted she could make more bombshell revelations about her husband’s family when she revealed she had not signed anything that “restricts” her from talking. She told journalist Alisson P. Davis: “It’s interesting, I’ve never had to sign anything that restricts me from talking. “I can talk about my whole experience and make a choice not to.” When asked why she doesn’t talk, she replied: “Still healing.”  READ MORE: Meghan Markle's private staff could speak out against her Meghan was also asked whether she can forgive members of the Firm and her own family. She said: “I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive. “But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything. “I have a lot to say until I don’t. Do you like that? Sometimes, as they say, the silent part is still part of the song.”  DON'T MISS'Watch their backs'—Royal Family warned after Meghan's new interview [WARNING]Meghan 'bolted into house' as car pulled up in dash to see Archie [INSIGHT]Archie's adorable name for Meghan and Harry [REVEALED] The Firm is also bracing for Harry’s tell-all memoir, which is expected to lift the lid on the inner workings of the Firm as the duke vows to give an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life. The pair have had a fraught relationship with the Firm ever since their decision to move across the pond in 2020. A few months later, the couple signed a lucrative deal with Netflix, and are currently filming content for their upcoming docu-series with the streaming giant. The couple made headlines with a bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview in March last year when Meghan, who is biracial, accused an unnamed royal of racism and Harry said his family had cut them off financially. The series of bombshell claims made by the duo saw them being accused of severely damaging the Royal Family’s international reputation, while others questioned the accuracy of their allegations. They accused an unnamed royal - not the Queen or Prince Philip - of making a racist comment about their son Archie. In the interview, the couple claimed there had been "concerns and conversations" raised by a member of the family about what colour Archie's skin would be. Following his wife’s allegation, Harry said: "That conversation, I am never going to share.  “At the time, it was awkward, I was a bit shocked.” They also claimed that a rift had arisen between Harry and Prince Charles, with the Duke claiming that at one point his father had "stopped taking my calls". Meghan also claimed Kate made her cry ahead of her royal wedding, following previous reports it was the other way around. The claims sparked a backlash and prompted the Royal Family to issue a rare statement, noting that they remain loved members of the family but recollections about their experience "may vary”. And now Harry’s upcoming tell-all memoir hangs over the Windsors.