According to a new study by security services company ADT, the safest coastal town in the UK is Aberystwyth, in Wales. Aberystwyth is a beautiful seaside town and according to the study, the safest place to live or visit in the UK. The market town features a beautiful pier and promenade, and a lot of beaches to enjoy in the summer months. With the lowest crime rate in the UK, this coastal town is the perfect option for those who want to enjoy a peaceful and safe summer holiday with their family. On Tripadvisor, traveller DQShaw who recently visited Aberystwyth said the town has a "beautiful beach". READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade  He explained: "You can go for a nice relaxing stroll along the promenade right up the castle and war memorial. "If you walk on the beach then it is best to wear sandals or flip-flops. "The beach and surrounding area are clean, well maintained and family-friendly." Another visitor, Robert C, recommended the Bwlch Nant yr Arian Forest Visitor Centre in Aberystwyth.  He said: "Must see place to visit. We are currently enjoying a week's holiday in Wales and just happened to stumble across this attraction and I am so glad that we did. "The cafe area is very clean and well laid out the food was absolutely lovely and the staff were very pleasant. "So if you're in the area take the time to call in and enjoy the spectacular setting." Aberdeen, in Scotland, came second as the safest seaside city. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip Visitors will find stunning scenery and beautiful seascapes when visiting the Scottish coastal town this summer. Aberdeen was followed by Plymouth, in Devon, as one of the safest big cities. The seaside town is also a pretty holiday destination with 16 beaches to visit, lots of bars, restaurants and shops. Brighton and Hove was also named one of the safest coastal cities and towns to visit or settle in. Brighton has the iconic pier and pavilion, a busy beach and a vibrant town centre while Hove offers the peace and tranquillity many Britons looks for in the summer months. Swansea, in Wales, has a really low crime rate and golden beaches, making it another great seaside destination to visit. Travellers can enjoy the beautiful coastline or explore the gardens and medieval ruins. 1. Aberystwyth 2. Aberdeen 3. Plymouth 4. Brighton and Hove 5. Swansea