Want to find out how to watch Man Utd vs Southampton online and on your TV? We’ve got all of the details on the hotly-anticipated Premier League clash in St Mary’s Stadium. Kick-off is scheduled at 12.30pm today (Saturday August 27, 2022) with coverage starting from 11:30am on BT Sport 1 and BT Sport Ultimate in the UK. For those watching abroad, the rights to Man Utd vs Southampton have been secured by NBC Sports, which can be streamed online via Sling.TV. Highlights of the Premier League match will be available to watch via BT Sports YouTube channel and on Match of the Day on BBC later on Saturday. BT Sport 1 (Sky TV channel 413, Virgin TV 360 channel 527, BT TV channel 430) and BT Sport Ultimate (Virgin TV 360 channel 531, BT TV channel 433) have the exclusive rights to the fixture in the UK. You can also watch BT Sport Ultimate on iPhone, iPad, Android, and other compatible devices if you have the app add-on. Events will be broadcast in HDR, 4K Ultra HD, 4K HDR with Dolby Atmos depending on the event and the maximum resolution capable from your gadget. For a limited time, BT Sport has dropped to just £16 per month. This blockbuster offer includes every BT Sport channel and BoxNation on the BT TV box and from mobile apps. Broadband is not included, but you will need an internet connection to stream content from BT Sport. If you're already subscribed to BT Sport, but you won't be back home in time to watch Man Utd vs Southampton this afternoon, it's possible to livestream the Premier League fixture from your Android, iPhone, iPad or laptop using the BT Sport app. You can login to BT Sport Go as soon as you've placed an order for the subscription service – so even if you signed up for the package today and haven't received confirmation that your BT TV set-top box has been dispatched, you'll still be able to stream from BT Sport mobile apps. Outside of the UK? If you’re currently abroad on holiday or a work trip, you’ll need to use a VPN to stream the game as if you’re on the sofa at home. In our opinion, the best VPN for streaming is ExpressVPN. For a limited time, you’ll get three months free when you sign-up for the top-rated VPN to catch all of the action from St Mary’s Stadium. If you're living in Spain, the rights to Man Utd vs Southampton fall to sport streaming service DAZN. From August 1, DAZN shook-up its subscription tiers in Spain. First up, DAZN Essential costs €12.99 per month (or €129.99 per year) and includes access to everything on DAZN (Boxing, Basketball, Premier League, Golf) except LaLiga. If you want to stream LaLiga on DAZN, you'll need to pay €18.99 per month, with no option to pay annually. A combined offering, DAZN Total, will cost €24.99 per month or €19.99 per month if you commit to an annual plan. Following Manchester United’s victorious win against Liverpool, the Reds head to St Mary’s Stadium to face Southampton in the next round of this season’s Premier League. The win against Liverpool showed that Erik ten Hag’s has turned United’s luck around after losing to both Brentford and Brighton in the opening games, and was headed towards their worst start for any season since 1986/1987. This match is the perfect chance for United to clench another three points to climb up the table, however Southampton may prove to be a tough competitor after the team finally ending their winless streak with a 2-1 win against Leicester City last weekend. At Monday’s game, fans turned heads as it was announced that Casemiro has joined Manchester United and Saturday’s game could be the Brazilian's debut for the team. He is predicted to join David De Gea, Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen, Anthony Martial, Bruno Fernandes, Jadon Sancho and Marchus Rashford, who both scored goals against Liverpool, and more. Ralph Hasenhüttl will be intent on putting out his best team against the Reds and Che Adams is expected to play after scoring both goals in their last win. Others predicted to play include Kyle Walker-Peters, Gavin Bazunu, Armel Bella-Kotchap, Mohammed Salisu and more. Both teams are desperate to continue their winning streak and will make for undoubtedly a tough match this season.