Chelsea will make a fresh £45million offer for Everton starlet Anthony Gordon after having an initial bid rejected by the Toffees, according to reports. The Blues are keen to test Everton’s transfer resolve over Gordon, who has apparently told Stamford Bridge icon Frank Lampard that he would be interested in moving to the London club. Chelsea had a £40m proposal knocked back by Everton over the weekend. Gordon is on the West Londoners’ radar as they seek to build a young and dynamic team for Thomas Tuchel. Everton insist they will not sell their prized asset, who is loved by the Goodison Park faithful having impressed under Lampard. Gordon was handed the prestigious No 10 shirt by Everton ahead of the 2022-23 Premier League season and is held in high regard. However, Gordon’s representatives have apparently told Everton that their client will not sign the new contract that was offered three weeks ago. The 21-year-old has also told Lampard that he would be interested in moving to Chelsea. JUST IN: Chelsea receive two-word response from Everton as Gordon bid refuted That is according to the Mirror, who claim that a second, £45m bid will be made by Chelsea. It will not be enough to meet Everton’s minimum valuation of £50m, but the Stamford Bridge hierarchy are getting closer to prompting formal discussions. Chairman Bill Kenwright has already dismissed attempts from Chelsea, Tottenham and Newcastle to make approaches. Spurs were interested in a double deal for Gordon and Richarlison earlier in the transfer window, with only the latter being allowed to make the move. Newcastle made a speculative offer for Gordon several weeks ago, and it always seemed unlikely that they would get their target. Chelsea might have better luck, though, given that they can offer regular Champions League football. DON'T MISS...Chelsea target Gordon comments on James post amid transfer interestThiago Silva's wife sends angry message to Chelsea after snubSimon Jordan and Piers Morgan wade into Souness 'men's game' row Tuchel is rebuilding a youthful team at Stamford Bridge and has been backed by new co-owner Todd Boehly this summer. Chelsea have signed experience in Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly, but have acquired players under the age of 25 in Marc Cucurella (24) and Carney Chukwuemeka (18). Some of their other targets fit that profile, while the academy ranks have been strengthened. Alongside their pursuit of Gordon, the Blues remain keen on a deal for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. N’Golo Kante’s injury might make a transfer for De Jong a more pressing priority for Boehly in the coming weeks. Manchester United are believed to have pulled out of a deal for the Dutchman, with their accepted £72m bid expiring on Monday. De Jong has no interest in joining the Red Devils and would prefer a move to Chelsea.