Some 460 - the most on a single day in 2022 - were brought into Ramsgate, Kent, rather than Dover, amid fears of congestion as British families head away for the summer. It comes as a Government deal to send migrants to Africa continues to be mired in controversy and red tape.  Boris Johnson said those bidding to reach the UK by small boat were mostly young men "not directly fleeing imminent peril" when the plan to ship them to Rwanda was announced in April. It was hoped tens of thousands would be flown to the central African state. It is estimated each departing migrant costs taxpayers £30,000. The number of people who made the treacherous passage last year was three times the total for 2020. Some 28,431 migrants crossed the Channel in 2021, despite figures obtained exclusively by the Daily Express showing that since 2010/11 British taxpayers have forked out at least £590million to beef up security at the ports of Calais and Dunkirk and the Eurotunnel terminal in Coquelles. The astronomical outlay includes reinforcing fencing, lighting and CCTV, X-ray and heat scanners at port entrances, secure parking for British trucks, patrols along the northern French coast and the construction of a 13ft concrete barrier. Taxpayers' cash has also been spent on extra Border Force and Royal Navy patrols in the Channel. In addition, a bilateral arrangement between the UK and France reached in 2020 saw the Government pledge a further £54million.  Tory leadership hopeful Rishi Sunak has attacked Priti Patel's Home Office, branding the UK's asylum system "chaotic and broken". Speaking about the Rwanda deal, Mr Sunak said Britain cannot "waste large sums of taxpayers' money" on the policy, only to fall at the first legal hurdle. He promised: "I will make the policy work and will do whatever it takes to implement it and pursue additional similar partnerships." Mr Sunak has also vowed to curb the power of the European Court of Human Rights, withhold aid money if countries refuse to take back failed asylum seekers and criminals, and use cruise ships to house illegal migrants as part of a 10-point plan. He said: "The ECHR cannot inhibit our ability to properly control our borders and we shouldn't let it. We need to inject a healthy dose of common sense into the system, and that is what my plan does." He added: "Numbers [of refugees] should be determined by need. Our Parliament will be given control of the number of refugees we accept." 