The attack happened on Poland Street in Soho, with emergency services being alerted to the stabbing at 11.40am today. Police and paramedics arrived at the scene and found a man who had sustained stab wounds.  Despite the best efforts of the paramedics, the man was pronounced dead around 40 minutes later. A man has been arrested in connection to the incident. The road has been cordoned off by Metropolitan Police officers while an investigation into his death is carried out. The identity of the man who died has not yet been confirmed.  A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: "At 11.40am on Monday, August 15 police were called to reports of a stabbing in Poland Street, W1. Officers attended with the London Ambulance Service and London’s Air Ambulance. A man was found with stab wounds. Despite the best efforts of the emergency services he was pronounced dead at the scene at 12.40pm." The road closure is likely to cause major disruption to transport links. Police told MyLondon: "At 11:40hrs on Monday, 15 August police were called to reports of a stabbing in Poland Street, W1. "Officers attended with the London Ambulance Service and London’s Air Ambulance. A man was found with stab wounds. READ MORE: Grant Shapps calls for £2 bus fare cap  "Despite the best efforts of the emergency services he was pronounced dead at the scene at 12:20hrs. His identity has yet to be confirmed. A man has been arrested in connection with the incident." London's air ambulance were also present at the scene, with a spokesperson saying: "We were called at 11.36am today (15 August) to reports of a stabbing in Poland Street, central London. "We sent an ambulance crew, a paramedic in a fast response car and an incident response officer to the scene. "We also dispatched London’s Air Ambulance. Our first paramedic arrived in less than seven minutes. Despite the best efforts of our teams, the patient sadly died at the scene." DON'T MISS:Russian retreat leaves 20,000 soldiers stranded [INSIGHT]Russia in freefall: 500k workers forced to slash hours as wages PLUMME [COMMENT]Russia detains own spy chief [ANALYSIS]   Witnesses at the scene have shared footage of the chaos following the fatal stabbing earlier today. Several police vehicles and ambulances were present at the scene on Poland Road, which is still blocked off. Poland Street is a turning off Oxford Street, which is one of the busiest shopping areas in Europe and attracts tens of thousands of visitors per day, and runs into Soho, another busy area known for its nightlife. 