Kris Marshall starred in the hit BBC One series Death in Paradise as the leading character between 2014 and 2017. Since leaving the Caribbean-based drama, he went on to star in ITV's Sanditon as Tom Parker. The actor has now spoken out about being part of a series which was cancelled and then brought back to the channel. Sanditon, which is based on an unfinished novel by Jane Austen, returned to screens for its second series in July. The romantic drama initially struggled to find an audience and was not renewed after its first season aired, but it was later reinstated. When asked about starring in series two of Sanditon, Kris told RadioTimes: "It is the first show I’ve been on that has been cancelled, then reinstated. "I’m not social media’s greatest fan, but one positive is that people can collate and organise. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe "The fans did that after it took off in America, organising an incredible campaign to bring the show back." The actors reflected on how Sandition fans even commissioned wonderful sand art on the beach where filming took place, branding them "relentless". "To be recommissioned for two new series is a real validation, and playing Tom Parker is a delight," Kris added. Kris' Saniton character is an entrepreneur who has been planning to adapt Sanditon into a stylish seaside resort.  In the first season, Tom's dream to transform Sanditon into a tourist hotspot which would rival Brighton was crushed when a fire ripped through the coastal town. When the show returned for the second series, the character became more determined than ever to continue with his grand plan. Fans will be thrilled to know the third series is definitely on its way as it was commissioned last summer, however, it will be the final season of Sanditon. The upcoming season will explore the blossoming romance between Charlotte Heywood (Rose Williams) and Alexander Colbourne (Ben Lloyd-Hughes) following their kiss in season two. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Kris Marshall shares 'exciting' spin-off update [INTERVIEW]Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [EXPLAINER]Who will star in the Death in Paradise spin-off? [INSIGHT] In the meantime, Kris is currently working on a spin-off of Death in Paradise called Beyond Paradise. Kris will be reprising his role as Humphrey but the programme is based in Cornwall rather than the Caribbean. The series is set to follow the detective's relationship with Martha Lloyd (sally Bretton) after his move back to the UK. He recently revealed filming is set to start "within the next couple of weeks", but he has kept other details close to his chest.  However, during an interview on The One Show, he explained: “We’re basically following Humphrey and his girlfriend Martha’s journey as they move in with the mother-in-law down in the South West. "His new role is as the detective inspector of the local constabulary and it's lots of fun.” Death in Paradise fans will remember Martha made her first appearance in the drama during season five when she bumped into her old friend Humphrey. Death in Paradise episodes are available to stream on BBC iPlayer and Sanditon episodes can be viewed on ITV Hub. 