Viewers will know Dan Brady (played by Ben Hollingsworth) has had a few tough seasons on the Netflix romance drama Virgin River and it looks as though things could get worse for the ex-Marine. According to the actor, things will get tense in the upcoming fifth season and express.co.uk predicts a murder could be on the cards.  With Brady’s animosity towards Jack being public knowledge, he was the first suspect on the list when Jack was shot and left for dead. Although Brady proclaimed his innocence, he was eventually arrested as a person of interest after police found the gun used in his car. Brady was adamant he was being set up and his innocence was eventually proved in season four with the help of Jack’s sister Brie Sheridan (Zibby Allen). With all the charges dropped, things began looking up for him as he began dating Brie, however his life could take a turn for the worse in the upcoming season. READ MORE: Strictly backlash as BBC announce seventh 2022 contestant: 'Who!'   Speaking on season five, Brady star Ben teased: “I think it’s bigger and better than any of the seasons we’ve done yet, we’re doing some really ambitious stuff that you’ve never seen on Virgin River before. “There’s a really big episode for Brady that’s gonna be a lot of fun for me to play." The actor added: “I imagine there’s gonna be some friction between Mike and Brady as it seems like Brie and Mike have become closer and closer. “I would expect there’s gonna be some sort of reconciliation possibly between Jack and Brady now that he’s exonerated, but you’ll have to wait and see,” he told TV Insider.  Speaking on season five, Brady star Ben teased: “I think it’s bigger and better than any of the seasons we’ve done yet, we’re doing some really ambitious stuff that you’ve never seen on Virgin River before. “There’s a really big episode for Brady that’s gonna be a lot of fun for me to play." The actor added: “I imagine there’s gonna be some friction between Mike and Brady as it seems like Brie and Mike have become closer and closer. “I would expect there’s gonna be some sort of reconciliation possibly between Jack and Brady now that he’s exonerated, but you’ll have to wait and see,” he told TV Insider. DON'T MISS...BBC backlash as fans slam Countryfile and Springwatch [INSIGHT]Martin Henderson nationality: Where was the Virgin River star born? [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Jack Sheridan was almost replaced by co-star [INSIGHT]  Fans got a sense there was something sinister about Mike Valenzuela (Marco Grazzini), the officer who arrested Brady. As a friend of Jack and a former Marine, Mike arrived in town as a favour to help speed up the case and it made clear he and Brady had history. Revealing there was animosity between them both, it was also revealed Brady had been hiding a dark secret. To make matters worse, Mike had approached Brie with romantic interests on multiple occasions.    Even though she turned him down, Mike was disgusted she had fallen for Brady. After arresting her boyfriend, he hung around to gloat and said: “Brie, if you wanna stick around, it’s your call.” “But if you want my opinion, you’re wasting your time. You could do a whole lot better.” With this in mind plus the added friction in season five, tensions could boil over, and Brady could become angry enough to murder Mike. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available on Netflix