Economic and fiscal policy has rightly led the debate, this being the biggest issue facing voters across the country. There has also been a lot of discussion on foreign policy credentials, levelling up plans, housing policy, approach to the EU, and more. I have watched these discussions play out with interest. But a key priority for me, and a real worry for many of our Conservative party members and the wider public, is immigration - particularly illegal immigration. We have a serious problem with illegal immigration. The current set-up isn’t working. As the MP for Dover I see it firsthand. On a daily basis, small boats leave the French coast bound for these shores. Some of them make it, under-fuelled, overcrowded, too often with women and young children on board - risking their lives crossing one of the busiest shipping lanes in the world. There is nothing compassionate about incentivising this. It’s nothing short of a crisis. We need to do more to protect our borders, and protect the vulnerable people who risk their lives to try and get here. They do so on the expectation that just as long as they make it to our beaches then they will never have to leave. That’s got to change. That is why I am making my decision on who to back for the Conservative leadership and Prime Minister based on who I think has the plan, and importantly the fortitude, to tackle this issue once and for all and stop the small boats. Having assessed both candidates and their plans, I believe that Liz Truss offers the most credible plan to stop damaging illegal immigration, and can be trusted to deliver on her promises. Liz understands that deterrence is the key. This is the principle at the heart of the Government's Rwanda policy; if you come here illegally, you will not be able to stay. You will be given the chance to rebuild your life in a safe third country.  Not only will Liz sustain this policy, she will make two important changes to go further. First of all, she would ensure that with the British Bill of Rights we are legislating in a way that reinforces Britain’s legal basis to tackle illegal immigration and abuse of the system. Liz is also committed to reforming the ECHR, to stop overreach ensuring it works better for Britain. Secondly, Liz has promised to go further and explore more third-country partnerships like the arrangement we have with Rwanda, so that the deterrence factor is stronger. She has also committed to increasing our frontline border force by 20 percent, and doubling the Border Force Maritime staff numbers. This will allow many more  Channel patrols than are currently taking place. No longer will people smuggling gangs have a free ride Liz Truss would also implement the findings of the Independent Downer Report of Border Force. This includes appointing a dedicated government Minister to have oversight of Britain’s Border Force, exploring all possible turnaround tactics to deter migrant crossings, and leading on continued efforts with France and European partners to solve the problem. This is not just robust talk, but a robust plan for tackling the small boats crisis. And it is Conservative to its very core. A nation is defined, at least in part, by its borders. As Conservatives, we believe passionately in the good that sovereign nation states, who have autonomy over their borders, can do. This was a key motivation for Brexit, and the best way for us to play our role in the world. It is also compassionately Conservative. We simply cannot play host to all of the world’s migrants. It would not be right or fair. The dangerous Channel crossings have resulted in the tragic deaths of migrants and more lives are put at risk every day. They are preyed upon by organised criminal gangs who are behind this wicked trade. Liz’s plan is pragmatic, effective, and robust. I trust her ability to deliver on it, and to firmly solve our small boats crisis once and for all.