Rafael Nadal has opened up on his recent abdominal injury ahead of his comeback in Cincinnati. The world No 3 made a worrying remark as he confessed the issue was still "dangerous" with the US Open just under two weeks away, and explained how he would be managing his schedule to avoid further setbacks. Nadal has been sidelined since Wimbledon, where he was forced to pull out on the eve of his semi-final with a 7mm abdominal tear. The world No 3 was due to make his comeback earlier this week in Montreal but revealed that he was feeling "discomfort" after re-introducing serves in his practice sessions and withdrew. But just five days later things appeared positive as the Spaniard announced he had made a last minute decision to play next week's Cincinnati Masters. Now back at the Western & Southern Open for the first time in five years, the 22-time Major champion has explained that his injury still poses a big risk. Ahead of his first match in over a month, Nadal said: "The main thing is to stay healthy and play the events that I want to play. I will not play more than what I believe works well for my body." JUST IN: Brazil icon Pele sends heartfelt message to Haddad Maia ahead of final  While Nadal was happy to be back in Cincinnati for the first time since 2017 - where he reached the quarter-final before losing to Nick Kyrgios - he was still weary about the impact of his recent injury. "I am happy to be back in Cincinnati after a couple of years without the chance of being able to be here. I had a small tear in the abdomen, so it is dangerous," he admitted. "The abdominal is a place that is dangerous because on every serve you put a lot of effort there. I am trying to do things properly, trying to be a bit more conservative. I hope I can be ready for the action here. I want to play tennis again on the Tour. I am having a good season and I am enjoying it. I want to enjoy this week in Cincinnati." DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu gives verdict on 'last opportunity' to face WilliamsRoger Federer parties with Calvin Harris in Ibiza as icon enjoys breakEmma Raducanu to partner Wimbledon champion Rybakina in Cincinnati   The 2013 champion will begin his campaign against either Borna Coric or a qualifier in the second round, receiving a bye as the second seed. And Western & Southern Open organisers have already confirmed that the Spaniard will be playing his opening match in Wednesday's night session. Nadal also has the chance to walk away with the world No 1 ranking this week - needing current top-ranked player Daniil Medvedev to lose before the quarters while also needing to pick up the title.