They said naming the gunman did not make them a "snitch or a grass" but would help them find "who took our baby away from us". Olivia, nine, was shot dead by a masked attacker while inside her home in the Dovecot area of Liverpool on Monday night. The gunman was chasing 35-year-old convicted burglar Joseph Nee, who ran into the terraced house to get away from the shooter. In a heartbreaking plea, the family said: "If anyone knows anything, now is the time to speak up. It is not about being a 'snitch' or a 'grass', it is about finding out who took our baby away from us. Please do the right thing." They added: "We as a family are heartbroken and have lost a huge part of our life." Kindness "Liv was a unique chatty, nosey little girl who broke the mould when she was born. She loved life and all it had to offer." They went on: "Although her life was short, her personality certainly wasn't and she lived it to the most. She could and would blow people away with her wit and kindness." "We as a family are eternally grateful for the help and support we have received from people across the world." Detectives probing the schoolgirl's murder earlier warned the gunman that "we will not rest until we find you - and we will find you". Det Chief Supt Mark Kameen said his officers were pursuing "a number of very positive lines of inquiry". Terrified Olivia was cowering behind her mum Cheryl Korbel, 46, when she was blasted in the chest. Nee received several gunshot wounds but was picked up by friends in a black Audi and rushed to hospital - leaving behind a dying Olivia. Nee - described as a "trusted foot soldier" for drug gangs - will be sent back to prison following his release from hospital after having his parole licence revoked. Mum Cheryl was shot in the hand but has now been discharged from hospital. DCS Kameen revealed police had now spoken to a second man seen with Nee. He added: "In my previous appeal, I asked for the man responsible for this brutal, callous, thoughtless attack to surrender himself to the police." "Unfortunately, that individual has failed to do that. But my message to him remains the same: We will not rest until we find you - and we will find you." Mr Kameen said organised crime gangs and any ongoing feuds were being looked at as part of the investigation. He said the level of support from the community was "phenomenal". Friends and family continued to leave floral tributes and teddies close to the scene of the atrocity and a GoFundMe page set up to help Olivia's family has raised more than £23,000. The little girl's death was one of three fatal shootings in Merseyside in a week. Ashley Dale, 28, was shot dead in her own home in the early hours of Sunday. Police say the council worker was a victim of mistaken identity. And Sam Rimmer, 22, was killed in a driveby shooting on August 16.