In fact, cruise companies use very sneaky tactics to make their passengers spend more money on board. Travellers choose to embark on a cruise holiday to enjoy a relaxing time at an all-inclusive resort but the truth is that a lot of services are not included. Passengers will probably want to explore some of the dreamy destinations, but the excursions arranged by the cruise come with an extra charge. To avoid these, people can always visit the city on their own. Alternatively, they can join some of the tours from local operators they will find as soon as they disembark the ship, which are normally more affordable. Cruise passengers will also find fees, which are imposed by the countries the ship visits, included in their final bill. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade Taxes and fees are not included in the base price and travellers will find them on the final invoice, which can considerably increase the total cost of the holiday. Tips are also not included and some cruises automatically charge a daily gratuity to the passengers' onboard bill. Some UK lines charge £6pp per day on gratuities but others can be as high as £19 per day. Room service can also be expensive but guests can avoid the cost by booking select suites that include the service.  Cruise ships charge a surprising amount for Wi-Fi on board but to avoid this charge, passengers can always find free Wi-Fi in the port. Spa treatments are not included and are usually quite expensive. On top of that, cruise workers will always try to sell the products they have used and a tip is normally expected. The same happens with onboard attractions and exclusive deck areas, which come with an extra charge. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip The food and drinks may be included in the restaurants, but there are often dishes and drinks that come with a supplement. On many ships, fizzy drinks and bottles of water come with an extra charge, as well as some spirits. If travellers are big drinkers, it is recommended they consider a drinks package. Travel operators usually offer packages of around £40 for guests to personalise with their preferences. This could be selected drinks, Wi-Fi and gratuities. Sarah Bolton, a cruise specialist for Travel Counsellors explained: “Around 90 percent of my customers opt for these packages. “People want to know what they’re paying upfront and prefer an all-inclusive package so they’re clear about what’s covered. "Then it just leaves other extras such as spa treatments, excursions and speciality dining, which are optional.”