Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly set to drop Cristiano Ronaldo to the bench for tonight's crunch meeting with Liverpool at Old Trafford. Ronaldo remains keen to leave the Red Devils in search of Champions League football between now and next month's transfer deadline but has featured for United in the Premier League since the beginning of the season. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner was introduced as a substitute against Brighton and Hove Albion on the opening day of the season before starting in last weekend's heavy defeat at the hands of Brentford. He will seemingly be forced to settle for a spot on the bench once again for this evening's visit of Liverpool, with Anthony Martial set to lead the line for United at the top of the pitch, according to Sky Sports. It is said that Martial has been picked ahead of Ronaldo by Ten Hag after recovering from a hamstring injury in pre-season, with the Frenchman poised to displace his Portuguese team-mate in United's starting side. Harry Maguire is also expected to be dropped to the bench in favour of Raphael Varane, who was reportedly paired with Lisandro Martinez in the club's training sessions over the course of last week. Maguire has received no shortage of criticism from all directions over the last few months but, until now, had managed to retain his place at the heart of United's back four. His expected absence from the Red Devils side against Liverpool will represent another brave selection call from Erik ten Hag, who has been stamping his authority since replacing Ralf Rangnick in the dugout at the end of the previous campaign. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp told two changes he ‘must’ make for Man Utd clash  Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether United will miss the presence of Ronaldo in attack when faced with the challenge posed by Liverpool, who will be desperate to condemn their bitter rivals to yet another Premier League defeat by claiming the spoils this evening. Ronaldo struggled to make an impact on proceedings against Brentford in United's last outing but will be determined to make amends if he comes on as a substitute before the final whistle blows at Old Trafford tonight. United legend Wayne Rooney recently urged Ten Hag to drop Ronaldo for the visit of Liverpool in order to maximise energy levels on the pitch, with the 37-year-old still lacking in match fitness after missing a large chunk of the club's pre-season preparations. "I wouldn’t play Cristiano Ronaldo, and I wouldn’t play Marcus Rashford," said Rooney, as reported by The Times. "If I was in Ten Hag’s position my main concern would be getting energy on the pitch, and United’s failure to recruit a number nine means they relied on Ronaldo against Brentford, even though he hadn’t trained a lot with the team. "He looked like he needs time to get match fit. Ten Hag needs energy from his side and that may mean dropping Ronaldo." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here