The UK’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation soared to 10.1 percent in the year to July 2022, figures released yesterday show. As a result of rising inflation, the Bank of England has increased interest rates. However, traders now believe that the central bank will hike rates by a further 200 basis points by May which could cause a “deeper recession”. Recently, the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) raised the nation’s base rate to 1.75 percent. This represents the six consecutive rate hikes within the space of a year and officials are preparing for another 0.5 percent increase in September. While savers have slightly benefited from this decision, mortgage holders and those with debt payments are among the groups detrimentally affected by the interest rate rise. With the central bank warning that inflation will reach 13 percent by the end of the year, traders are sounding the alarm over more interventions. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Over a six-month period, experts are now wagering on a 175 basis point rate rise by February. In comparison, previous forecasts two weeks ago predicted a 125 basis point interest rate hike by the Bank of England. Within the past year, the British pound has fallen 11 percent against the US dollar as concerns over a prolonged economic downturn grow. Upon its last inflation announcements, the UK’s central bank issued a warning over a potential recession with unemployment to rise to six percent.  Speaking to Bloomberg, Jamie Niven, a senior fund manager at Candriam, discussed the difficulties faced by the Bank of England. Mr Niven said: “The central bank is really stuck between a rock and a hard place as further tightening is almost certainly set to cause a deeper recession.” Concerns about inflation and rising interest rates come as the energy price cap is expected to exceed £3,600 this October. Under current forecasts, the average yearly energy bills for households is set to hit £4,266 in the New Year which will likely worsen the pending recession. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments Experts are also warning that the Bank of England’s consecutive rate hikes are not being successfully passed down to savers via high street banks and building societies. Simon Jones, the CEO of InvestingReviews.co.uk, shared why savings accounts are being “denied” this financial boost to beat inflation. Mr Jones explained: “Savers are being denied the full benefit of interest rate rises despite borrowing costs climbing sharply and without delay. “This is a double-edged sword hurting those with money on deposit. Mortgage and credit costs are rising while stubbornly low rates of return on savings are the sting in the tail.” However, the financial expert shared what savers can do to navigate this tricky economic situation. He added: “Mortgage rates keep going up within minutes of the latest Bank of England hike while the savings landscape seems to improve at a snail’s pace. “Providers need to do more to reward savers, who have suffered underwhelming returns for over a decade. “Savers also need to be more proactive themselves by shopping around and refusing to leave their money in accounts that don’t pay a proper return. There are accounts out there that will give you more protection against inflation.”