The UK Government is encouraging drivers to stop using petrol and diesel vehicles to help meet net-zero emissions targets. The sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles will be phased out by 2030 and hybrid vehicle sales will also cease in 2035. Electric vehicles run off batteries which require external charging while a hybrid is powered by a smaller self-generating battery alongside a petrol or diesel engine. READ MORE: Drivers urged to choose hybrids over EVs – ‘No need to worry about charging points' In a poll that ran from 5pm on Wednesday, July 29, to 2pm on Tuesday, August 9, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Would you choose an EV or a hybrid car for now?” Overall, some 3,375 people responded with the vast majority, 75 percent (2,524 people) answering “no” they would not switch to an EV or hybrid car. A further 23 percent (762 people) said “yes” they would, while just three percent (89 people) said they did not know either way. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed the benefits and drawbacks of switching from a petrol or diesel vehicle. Most readers were against replacing their vehicles with electric models. One reader, username The taxilady wrote: “NEVER. Diesel until I die.” Username Elsie forever said: “I will never own a disposable electric car. Batteries that last a short time. The cost of these vehicles is astronomical. The plan will never work.” While others argued that making the change was too expensive, with username Norfolk Boy commenting: “They are only for the wealthy as status symbols.” Username patsyann68 said: “There is no way I can afford an EV. I'll stick with what I've got.” And username Monkeytunes1 said: “I can’t afford either of them so no, still far too expensive and local charging points are not convenient enough as yet.” Some readers thought that hybrid vehicles offered a suitable compromise. Username stephenL wrote: “It has to be hybrid at the moment as there are not enough public chargers around to have an electric. At this time maybe hybrid is the only game in town.” However, username gbr963 said: “To me, hybrids are pointless because of the low powered electrical contribution and EVs cause more pollution in production and have massive battery stability and lifespan problems. “Trading up to EVs is not the solution. We need hydrogen fuel-cell cars.” Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, suggested that hybrid vehicles may be a better choice for drivers now. He told Express.co.uk last month: “Hybrid vehicles offer motorists the flexibility of both a combustion engine and also an electric vehicle, so should you be a driver who mixes short journeys with extended trips along the motorway, then hybrid vehicles may be for you.” DON'T MISS: Yet other readers thought fully-electric vehicles were the way forward, with username evb writing: “EV driver for five years, no issues.” And username PLM said: “Horses for courses. I have an EV for local use. Free charging at work and home from Solar. No road tax. Cheap as chips. But I also have petrol for longer journeys.” Quentin Willson, founder of FairCharge and a former TopGear presenter, urged drivers to swap electric vehicles, in July telling Express.co.uk: “Hybrid cars are not as good as an electric car. This is simply because your electric range in real-life driving is between 20-30 miles. And the rest of the time you spend using a combustion engine. “There is that feeling that I’ve always got the engine to back me up if I ran out of electricity but in practice, you don’t need that for EVs. To be honest, the ranges of EVs are getting so good. “My car does 270 miles easily on one charge. If I had a hybrid I’d kind of be thinking why didn’t I go for a fully electric car.”