There are a number of airport security restrictions that determine what you can and can't take onboard a flight. However, one of the most well-known of these is the liquids ban. Under the rules, liquids in containers of 100ml or more are banned from being carried in hand luggage and taken onto flights. The rule applies at all UK airports and many others around the world, though Gov.uk states "countries outside the EU might have different rules on carrying liquid as a transit or transfer passenger". For travel though, Gov.uk explained: "Liquids in containers larger than 100ml generally cannot go through security even if the container is only part full. There are some exemptions." READ MORE: Warning as two beaches closed by sewage pollution Certain liquids measuring more than 100ml actually can go through security, despite the stringent rules. Gov.uk said: "You can take liquid containers larger than 100ml through security if they are for essential medical purposes, are for special dietary requirements or contain baby food or baby milk. "You can also take liquids bought at an airport or on a plane (such as duty-free) through security if the items are sealed inside a security bag when you buy them and the receipt for the items is sealed in the security bag and visible." Essential medicines of more than 100ml, including liquid food for specialist health-related diets and inhalers are permitted in your hand luggage Medical equipment which contains liquids is also permitted if it is "essential for your journey". Under this rule, tablets and capsules, essential liquid medicines, hypodermic syringes, inhalers, cooling gel packs, medical equipment and special food and liquids needed for medical reasons are all permitted. However, to travel with such items you will need a supporting document from a relevant medical professional, such as a letter from your doctor or a copy of your prescription. In some cases, airport security staff may need to open the containers and screen liquids at the security point. Medical equipment is likely to be scanned separately.  Liquids for special dietary requirements fall under the same regulations as those for essential medical purposes. You are required to carry documentation from a relevant medical professional and, in some cases, airport security staff may be required to open the containers and screen liquids a the security point. When travelling with a baby you’re allowed to take enough baby food, baby milk and sterilised water for the journey. There is no legal limit to how much you can take however check with your airport before you travel. Gov.uk added: "You can carry breast milk in hand luggage even if you’re not travelling with a baby. You cannot carry frozen breast milk in hand luggage." However, individual containers of breast milk must hold no more than 2,000ml. Each container will need to be screened by security staff at the checkpoint, and staff may also need to open each container during this process. If travelling with a baby, parents or guardians may also carry formula or cow's milk, sterilised water for the baby, soya milk for the baby, baby food or cooling gel packs. All will be subject to security checks. DON'T MISSPilot share top packing item - ‘your best friend’ [REVEALED]Hand luggage rules: 'Cheeky' trick to travel with extra items [COMMENT]Mum banned from Ryanair flight over passport accepted on Jet2 [REPORT] Liquids for special dietary requirements Liquids for special dietary requirements fall under the same regulations as those for essential medical purposes. You are required to carry documentation from a relevant medical professional and, in some cases, airport security staff may be required to open the containers and screen liquids a the security point.  If you purchased items at duty-free, they can only be carried through security if they remain sealed inside of a security bag which was given at purchase. Passengers must also ensure the receipt is in the sealed bag along with the item. Airport staff may need to open the items to screen the liquid at the security point. Gov.uk added: "You must not open the security bag until you reach your final destination."