The Beatles were discovered by Brian Epstein back in 1961 in Liverpool, UK. His tutelage kickstarted the Fab Four's incredible career that spanned the globe and decades of success. But Epstein, who died 55 years ago this week on August 27, 1967, reportedly held a strong infatuation with one of the band's biggest stars: John Lennon. Epstein was gay. A trait that - in the 1960s - was not well-received by society. But it didn't bother The Beatles, who appreciated his work as their dutiful manager. On April 28, 1963, Epstein took Lennon on a 12-day holiday to Barcelona, Spain, where their connection grew deeper than ever. Looking back on their time together, Lennon confessed their relationship reached unexpected lengths. He said: "It was almost a love affair, but not quite. It was never consummated. But it was a pretty intense relationship." Lennon spoke of an untold romance between the pair, that eventually led to a brief sexual relationship. But Paul McCartney had a differing opinion. He felt that Lennon was trying to one-up the rest of the band. McCartney said: "John was a smart cookie. Brian was gay, and John saw his opportunity to impress upon Mr Epstein who was the boss of the group." But another account came from Pete Shotton, one of Lennon's childhood friends, who wrote the 1983 book John Lennon: In My Life. In this book, Shotton recalled Lennon told him: "Something did happen with [Epstein] one night."  Shotton wrote an intense situation that ended up with the pair getting physical. He penned: "What happened is that Eppy just kept on and on at me ... Until one night I finally just pulled me trousers down." He added that Lennon "offered Epstein sex" but, instead, he wanted to engage in a less intense activity. Lennon later confessed that he felt "sorry" for Epstein. DON'T MISS...Elvis movie: Austin Butler got acting advice from Beatles star [NEWS]John Lennon saved Paul McCartney from ruining a Beatles song [INFO]John Lennon's vicious handwritten letter to Paul McCartney [FEUD] Shotton claimed Lennon said: "What harm did it do, then? No harm at all. The poor f*****g b*****d, he can’t help the way he is." Years after Lennon's death, on December 8, 1980, his wife, Yoko Ono, spoke candidly about his sexuality. She alluded to the star having been secretly bisexual. On having sex with another man, Ono said he wanted to, but wouldn't. Ono said: "I think he had a desire to [sleep with a man], but I think he was too inhibited." She added: "No, not inhibited. He said: ‘I don’t mind if there’s an incredibly attractive guy.’ It’s very difficult: They would have to be not just physically attractive, but mentally very advanced too. And you can’t find people like that.” Ono also said: "The beginning of the year he was killed, he said to me: ‘I could have done it, but I can’t because I just never found somebody that was that attractive.’ Both John and I were into attractiveness - you know, beauty."