Now, however, they face a nightmare scenario. Inflation and soaring energy bills have pushed up costs for employers just as they have for households. Unlike domestic customers, businesses don’t even have the protection of a cap on the cost of gas and electricity. It means that many could be facing collapse unless the Government steps in, according to top economist Jonathan Portes. In normal circumstances, there will always be firms that fail. But the current situation is far from normal. The long-term impact of the Covid pandemic on the world’s economy and the conflict in Ukraine have led to an unprecedented increase in costs which even the most successful employer will struggle to cope with. Many will be forced to hike up prices, lose staff or close entirely. When a firm goes under, the effects are felt far beyond the high street or business park where they are located. Businesses not only sell products or services but also buthem from others. Meanwhile, staff left without a job will have to cut spending in their communities, or avoid employing local tradesmen, making local economic conditions even worse. Employers have set out measures the Government can take to help. They include freezing business rates, cutting VAT and fuel duty, or directly helping firms in the sameway the Treasury is helping households. The Chancellor, and the two candidates vying to become the country’s next Prime Minister, must listen. The UK needs our small businesses. ------------------------------ Never has a football match ending in a 0-0 draw been more important. That was the score in the first game of the season for Ukraine’s Premier League. It’s remarkable that the match took place at all, as Russian dictator Vladimir Putin continues his brutal attempted invasion. But it illustrates very well the continued resilience and defiance of the Ukrainian people. ------------------------------ Sylvester Stallone has replaced a tattoo of his wife with the image of a dog that appeared alongside him in the Rocky movies, raising a few eyebrows. His publicist insists he merely intended to “refresh” the picture of his wife, but the results went horribly wrong. Far be it from us to suggest that sounds a bit like a shaggy dog story. However it came about, the Hollywood legend will be forever known as the man who replaced his wife with a canine companion. Perhaps next time a friend should advise him to think before you ink.