Tom Hardy is arguably one of Britain's most well known actors, having starred in huge blockbuster films and TV programmes over the course of his successful career. And what adds to his talent is his ability to transform his body to suit whatever character he is playing. His most prominent transformation that is still being talked about today is his appearance as Bane in 2012's The Dark Knight Rises. The actor managed to gain over 30lb (two stone) for the role as Batman's arch-nemesis. But how did he bulk up in a short space of time? He is said to have used a range of body weight exercises to build muscle on his chest, arms and shoulders. Hardy hit a four-round circuit, going from 10 reps in the first round, to seven, to five, then to three. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake According to Men's Health, the workout is as follows: Position hands so they’re ‘square’ with the shoulders. Keep elbows tucked in, moving alongside the torso to detonate the triceps. Set hands wide apart, so that a rectangle is formed by the chest, arms and the floor Set hands wide apart and spread fingers while lowering the body and turn them outwards. Assume a press-up position on the knuckles, with arms kept at shoulder-width. Lower chest to the floor, letting the elbows bend back like a grasshopper’s legs. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] While this workout alongside a food-laden diet did the trick for Hardy, he admitted previously that he was actually "overweight", weighing in at a hefty 14 stone (90kg) during filming. But the transformation is not one that will be forgotten lightly, especially by the actor himself. He said at the time: "If you really study the photographs [of Bane], I was really overweight, actually. "I ate a lot and I wasn't much heavier than I am now, but I just ate more pizza. "They shoot from low to make you look big." READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim He continued: "That's the magic of lighting and three or four months of lifting and training and eating lots of pizza. "It wasn't great for my heart. The point was to look as big as possible," he said. He also told the Daily Beast that morphing his body for roles has taken a toll on him over the years. "I think you pay the price with any drastic physical changes," he said. “It was alright when I was younger, but I think as you get into your 40s you have to be more mindful of the rapid training, packing on a lot of weight and getting physical, and then not having enough time to keep training because you’re busy filming, so your body is swimming in two different directions at the same time. "I haven’t damaged my body, but I’m certainly a bit achier than I used to be! I certainly have joints that click that probably shouldn’t click." He added: "And carrying my children is a little bit harder than it used to be - but don’t tell them."