Earlier this month, Prince Harry filed a second lawsuit in his ongoing security row against the Home Office as the Duke of Sussex aims to have greater protection whenever he visits the UK. Speaking on a recent episode of Royally Us, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed how the fact that Prince Andrew has kept his security, depite stepping back from duties, could "raise more questions" in Harry's security row. Speaking of the decision to keep on Prince Andrew's protection, Ms Ross said: "It's a very strange decision for this committee to make, if they have indeed, made this decision. "I mean, it just raises more questions and everything with Andrew, sort of, keeping his tie to the Royal Family." She added that it makes you want to say ask "why" it was made. Ms Garibaldi also asks whether this was a decision made by Andrew, himself, or the Queen's decision, because she has "always been in Andrew's corner" and "always had his back". READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'didn't feel the negative connotation' for 'ambition' until she dated Harry She continued: "It is, kind of, a double standard in some way. "[This is] because, why should he receive this protection and Harry, not." Prince Harry has previously stated his fears, over security, numerous times. He previously claimed it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without having police protection officers in attendance. READ MORE: 'Did not sit well with me!' Young Meghan's anger after 'women washing dishes' advert In March, Prince Harry and Meghan chose to not attend the memorial service for Harry's late grandfather, Prince Philip. The memorial took place almost a year to the day after the late Duke's death in April 2021. Neither Meghan or Harry released any statement ahead of the service. DON'T MISS Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] Despite no official statement, experts believe the reason noted as to why Prince Harry chose for his family to not attend was over his security concerns. His concern led him to file a case with the UK Home Office. Speaking in March, following the service, veteran royal photographer Arthur Edwards said that Harry "should be here" before adding that the security on the day was "incredible". READ NEXT: