This left the average house price at £293,221, down £365 from the previous month’s record. Halifax also said the rate of annual inflation eased slightly, although house prices remain more than £30,000 higher than this time last year. Wales showed the strongest annual growth in the UK. Russell Galley, Managing Director, Halifax, said: “We shouldn’t read too much into any single month, especially as the fall is only fractional, a slowdown in annual house price growth has been expected for some time. “Leading indicators of the housing market have recently shown a softening of activity, while rising borrowing costs are adding to the squeeze on household budgets against a backdrop of exceptionally high house price-to-income ratios. “That said, some of the drivers of the buoyant market we’ve seen over recent years – such as extra funds saved during the pandemic, fundamental changes in how people use their homes, and investment demand, still remain evident. “The extremely short supply of homes for sale is also a significant long-term challenge but serves to underpin high property prices. READ MORE: Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant “Looking ahead, house prices are likely to come under more pressure as those market tailwinds fade further and the headwinds of rising interest rates and increased living costs take a firmer hold. Therefore a slowing of annual house price inflation still seems the most likely scenario.” Halifax found that first-time buyer annual inflation dropped noticeably to 10.7 percent in July, from 12.4 percent in June. Mr Galley added: “It remains the case that price gains for bigger houses are noticeable outpacing those for smaller homes. “The price of a detached house has leapt by £60,860 (+15.1 percent) over the last year, compared to £11,962 (+7.7 percent) for flats.” DON'T MISS:Kitchen upgrades which can 'boost the appeal and value' of your home [COMMENT]Kate Winslet’s quiet life in £4million West Sussex property [INSIGHT]Peace lily: ‘Vital’ care tips for ‘difficult’ plant [EXPLAINER] Wales moved back to the top of the table for annual house price inflation, up by +14.7 percent, with an average property price of £222,639. It was closely followed by the South West of England, which also continues to record a strong rate of annual growth, up by +14.3 percent, with an average home costing £310,846. In Northern Ireland, a typical home now costs £187,102. Halifax found that Scotland saw a slight slowdown in the rate of annual house price inflation to +9.6 percent from +9.9 percent. READ MORE: ‘Wow factor’ flowers to plant in August Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A Scottish home now costs an average of £203,677, another record high for the nation. While London continues to record a slower annual house price inflation than other UK regions, the rate of +7.9 percent is the highest in almost five years. The average property price now costs £551,777, up by £40,361 over the last year. It remains by the far the most expensive place in the country to buy a home. Richard Davies, MD of Chestertons, says: “We have seen a clear uplift in the number of viewings and the number of buyers registering with our branches in July. This increase in market activity suggests that, despite economic challenges and the changes to mortgage rules, buyer appetite remains on an upwards trend. “One driving factor behind house hunters wanting to move sooner rather than later are interest rates. With the Bank of England putting up rates more than once this year, many buyers have established a stronger sense of urgency. “Another reason that drives buyer enquiries is that the market is seeing a post-pandemic reshuffle. After many house hunters put their search on hold or changed priorities over the past two years, we have since been registering enquiries from families wanting to finally make their move a reality as well as international students, international buyers and office workers who require a pied-à-terre closer to work again. “Although demand still outweighs supply, there have been eight percent more properties available for sale in July compared to June. Looking ahead, and in the event of more properties coming onto the market, buyers may benefit from less drastic increases in property prices." Gary Wright, co-CEO of flatfair, said: “Prices continuing to climb – even after the red-hot market during the pandemic – is a devastating blow for renters hopeful to get on the ladder. Unfortunately, many will have discarded this pipe dream already. "As the cost of living continues to bite, Tory leadership hopefuls’ rhetoric on scrapping housebuilding targets and protecting the green belt does nothing to help renters who are struggling in the here and now. They would do well to encourage alternatives to the punishing traditional deposit system, which in the capital requires the average renter to stump up more than £2,000.”