Andy Murray has been left in the dark over his cramping issues ahead of the US Open. The two-times Wimbledon champion underwent sweat testing to see if a cause for the problem could be found. Murray appeared to struggle with cramping at the Cincinnati Open, where he was beaten by fellow Brit Cameron Norrie in the last-32. He was hoping that a sweat test would reveal what was causing the problem. However, Murray has now explained that the test was ‘all good’ and showed no cause for his cramping. A blood test has also left the Scot in the dark. "It was all good," a bewildered Murray said. "Sweat test was good. Blood test was good. No illnesses." Murray now believes his problem is caused by a conditioning or hydration deficiency, even though he has never usually been deterred by hot weather. The 35-year-old explained that it is ‘nice’ to know it is not a serious biological problem. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic US Open exemption addressed by organisers' email  "I think it would be nice if you were one thing, you were deficient in something, maybe it is because of that," he said. "But at least I know now it is more down to either conditioning or hydration or food-related. That is something I can obviously control a little bit as well. "But I feel like I am in decent shape so that it is why it is concerning. I don't really know why it has happened. Last few days in practice I have actually felt a bit better in the conditions and everything so hopefully I will be all right on Monday." Murray had struggled with cramping in three of his matches over the last few weeks, including in his defeat by Norrie. The battle of the Brits saw Norrie come out on top in a 3-6 6-3 6-3 triumph. DON'T MISS...Murray claims US Open retirement isn't 'part of Williams' storyline'Murray backing Emma Raducanu ahead of US Open title due to two reasonsFederer and co learn final Laver Cup opponents as Team World complete  He said he will monitor his food and drink intake while participating at Flushing Meadows, adding: "Usually I am pretty precise and good with it, but it is a fine balance to make sure you're getting the right fluids when you're on court. "I take litre-and-a-half bottles on to the court to make sure I'm drinking enough at the appropriate times. In these conditions I always try to drink a litre and a half of my sports drink in 40 minutes. "But if you have two games which last for 15 or 20 minutes then it is difficult to make sure you're drinking enough. If you take on too much you can feel bloated. "The last few days in practice I have actually felt a bit better in the conditions, so hopefully I will be all right on Monday."