Experts fear Russia's attack on Ukraine shows that war in Europe is once again conceivable. With tensions between Turkey and Greece growing, the EU must now reduce its dependencies on Erdogan, a German economist has warned. In recent weeks, German government officials have visited Greece in what appears to be an act of support for the nation. Chancellor Olaf Scholz visited Thessaloniki in June, while Finance Minister Christian Lindner visited Athens shortly after - which marked the first time a German finance minister visited the country in eight years. More recently, Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock visited Greece and Turkey after Turkish jets were spotted flying low over the Greek island in defiance of Greece's airspace. Baerbock sent clear signals during her visit by condemning Turkey's threatening military gestures and praising Greece's willingness to engage in dialogue.  Alexander S. Kritikos, a German economist and member of the Executive Board at DIW Berlin, said: "The visits highlight Greece's new strategic importance within the EU. "Greece is becoming an increasingly important outpost for the protection of the EU's external border. "What was previously considered to fall under civilian protection aspects is increasingly turning into a military threat in view of Turkey's increasingly aggressive tones and the provocations of its autocratically ruling president Recep Tayyip Erdogan." Mr Kritikos said a large part of the Greek population views President Erdogan as similar to Russian leader Vladimir Putin as fears of a military attack by Turkey grow in Europe. READ MORE: Sunak and Truss clash on how to deal with the cost of living Erdogan recently warned Athens, in a televised speech, to stop sending armed forces to islands with non-military status and abide by international agreements. Experts fear the comments are likely to fuel a renewal of long-running tensions between the neighbours. The Turkish President said: “I warn Greece to avoid dreams, acts and statements that will result in regret. Come to your senses." The warning appears to be a new escalation in tensions between the NATO allies that have a history of disputes over a range of issues such as mineral exploration in the eastern Mediterranean and rival claims in the Aegean Sea.  Germany, which has so far acted as a neutral mediator likely due to its close economic ties to Turkey, has shown its support to Athens. The German Finance Minister also recently claimed it is time to open a "new chapter" in its relationship with Greece, which had fallen significantly through the Greek economic crisis. Mr Kritikos said Germany has recently increased its investment in Greece - including in its renewable energy and IT sector. He added: "Greece could currently become a new hub for energy distribution, especially when it comes to electricity and gas supply in the region, where electricity will soon arrive via a submarine cable and LNG gas from Egypt and Israel". 