Around 25,000 British households are expected to withdraw from the Ukrainian refugee housing scheme over concerns over the cost of living crisis. The refugee minister, Lord Harrington, has requested the payment to refugee hosts should raise from £350 a month to £700. Since the invasion of Ukraine began in February, over 10,000 Ukrainian refugees have arrived in the UK. Households across the country signed up to home Ukrainians, but refugee minister Lord Harrington fears hosts will drop out of the scheme over cost concerns. Lord Harrington said that British households that have signed up for the scheme were sent a letter asking if they would continue to be hosts after the initial six-month period is over. According to reports, 25 percent of households have said no, which means Ukrainian refugees will have to be relocated by the Government. According to the Office of National Statistics, 23 percent of hosts have said the rising cost of living and lack of affordability is their reason for not wanting to continue the refugee scheme.  On Monday, Europe gas prices reached record-breaking levels as Russia announced plans to close an essential pipeline. This winter, there are fears the UK could face power blackouts due to high energy prices and supply issues due to the current Russian invasion of Ukraine. Energy bills are also expected to rise by 80 percent during the cost of living crisis, with inflation and interest rates also expected to rise. The Government has spent £300million to fund local councils to provide services for refugees as well as fund host payments. However, councils have warned that homelessness may rise if the Government does not rehome Ukrainian refugees after the six-month refugee scheme is over.  READ MORE: Ukrainians express fears of ‘catastrophe’ at power plant  Lord Harrington spoke with the Telegraph about his plans to raise the refugee payment for British hosts. He said: "I’ve asked the Treasury for the second six months to increase the thank you payment from £350 to £700. "People are under pressure. I can’t say with hard evidence, but all my gut tells me that if they are in financial difficulty [the increased payment] will help a lot." The refugee minister said he is "optimistic" that the Treasury will agree to the pay rise. He added: "Every single person who takes part in a sponsorship saves the state the cost of renting flats for people, so I think there’s a financial reason as well as a moral and humanitarian one."  DON'T MISS: Ministry of Defence under fire over data breach that put 2,000 people  [BREAKING]Nuclear fears explode as Ukraine confirms Zaporizhzhia torture [INSIGHT]54 years since the Soviet Invasion of Czechoslovakia [REPORT] Boris Johnson has previously stated that new financial policies should be decided by Britain’s next Prime Minister, which will be either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak. A spokesperson for the Treasury did not comment if they were considering Lord Harrington’s request to raise the refugee scheme payment. The Treasury spokesperson said: "The Government cares deeply about helping those fleeing the conflict in Ukraine, and that is why we announced two new visa schemes to welcome Ukrainian refugees to the UK. "To recognise their generosity, sponsors who provide accommodation for refugees through the 'Homes for Ukraine' scheme will receive £350 per month per address for up to 12 months if the guest remains in their accommodation. "We have already acted to make sure these payments are exempt from tax and continue to monitor and review the support provided under the scheme." 