Ranvir is currently covering the ITV chat show while Lorraine Kelly is away enjoying her summer break. On Tuesday’s instalment of the show, the host told Beth Mead she “looks knackered” following England’s Euro 2022 win.  Before introducing her guest, Ranvir informed viewers this would be Beth’s first live interview after the match on Sunday. Addressing the football star, the 44-year-old said: “Wow. How are you? “I mean, I’m not gonna, you look a bit knackered to be fair.” Beth laughed before sarcastically thanking Ranvir and admitted she hasn’t had much sleep.    Although the England player didn’t seem bothered by the presenter’s comment, viewers were quick to call her out and branded her “rude” on Twitter. On Wednesday’s show, Ranvir addressed what she had said before apologising. The show went to West London to speak to Roxanne Hoyle, one half of the viral couple Lad Baby, after Beth had set her a hilarious challenge to score a goal in a bubble suit. Ranvir remarked the nation is still wrapped up in all of the excitement over England’s triumphant win.   She said: “Even people who aren't sporty like me, I can feel the energy that’s just happened. “Roxanne, you mentioned Beth Mead and we had Beth Mead on the show yesterday. “Who, by the way looked fantastic, felt knackered. Just to clear that up! “It was a slip of the tongue on my part, I apologise.”   The host also touched on the comment yesterday on Twitter after responding to a tweet. Matthew blasted: “Honestly, @ranvir01 on #lorraine @bmeado9 doesn't look knackered at all! Rude.” Ranvir tried to explain herself as she replied: “Agreed! I meant I knew she felt knackered! I think she has forgiven me.” It looks as though the football player didn’t take offence as she liked Ranvir’s comment.    Elsewhere in her interview with Ranvir, Beth admitted England’s victory over Germany hasn’t yet sunk in. She said: “I think a lot of us, a lot of the girls, we still can’t believe we have gone and won it.” Ranvir applauded the team’s calm conviction throughout the tournament with Beth paying tribute to their manager. “I think credit to Serina, our manager, she really brought a calm culture and we kind of stayed in our bubble and kept concentrated and, yeah, we did the job!” the Lioness explained.  Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.  