The politics expert warned Rishi Sunak’s latest moves to fight Liz Truss in the race to be the next prime minister “look pretty desperate”. Referring to last week’s opinion poll which reported Ms Truss being ahead of Mr Sunak in the race, he argued “it was always going to be an uphill for Rishi Sunak” and added “ I don’t think she’s done anything in particular that would make me feel that people have abandoned her”. Mr Johnson told GB News host Tom Harwood: “It was always going to be an uphill battle for Rishi Sunak. “I think now what we’re seeing from Sunak, it looks pretty desperate way he’s trying to do. “You look at the polling at the start on Conservative members, Liz Truss already began with about half of the Conservative members. “She could have very badly in the debates. “There could have been some kind of scandal that could have damaged her. “Actually, she’s done fairly well on the debates. She was ahead, she’s maintained and grown that lead.” Mr Harwood asked the expert: “We haven’t seen an opinion poll of Conservative Party members for quite some time, a week now since the last opinion poll came out. READ MORE: Stop Brexit man Steve Bray tries gatecrash Boris wedding party “Are we all relying too much on old data here? “Could it have been the case that Rishi Sunak’s new announcements might have turned things around?” Mr Johnson responded: “It’s possible, but I think it was for Liz Truss to lose. “I don’t think she’s done anything in particular that would make me feel that people have abandoned her. “If there was a huge poll of undecided voters and she had been below 50 percent at the start of this contest, I might have said ‘who knows where the undecided break’ but she would have to lose people who are already supporting here. DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak dealt killer blow after Liz Truss secures huge endorsement [WATCH]Pick up your England souvenir as Lionesses win Euro 2022 Final [LISTEN]Legoland fire: 'Massive' blaze as thick black smoke rises [INSIGHT] “I don’t think she has”. The comments followed Rishi Sunak’s proposal to fine patients £10 for missing their NHS appointments if he becomes prime minister. Mr Sunak explained patients will be given the “benefits of the doubt” on the first occasion but the subsequent skipped appointments would lead to charges of £10 each time. In addition to the no-show fine, which has been defined as being temporary, Mr Sunak said he will cut the basic rate of income tax from 20 percent to 16 percent by the end of the next parliament if he wins his leadership race against Liz Truss. The two proposals came as opponent Liz Truss revealed plans for school reform in the country, which would see students receiving top grades being automatically invited to apply to Oxford and Cambridge University. Referring to the school reform, she stressed she wants to give “every child the tools the need to succeed”. READ NEXT: Boston stabbing: Man, 22, charged with murder of nine year-old LilliaSadiq Khan's London knife crime masterplan FAILS British mum wanted over £104m cash launderingFirst pictures of ‘truly amazing’ boys killed in triple fatal crash'Euro is like the Titanic!' EU blasted as huge crisis looms