Tottenham have reportedly blocked Bryan Gil’s exit, suggesting that manager Antonio Conte has had a change of heart and wants to keep the winger in north London. Gil only joined Spurs last summer but spent the second half of last season on loan at Valencia and has been tipped to return to Spain before the transfer window closes at the start of September. Gil signed a deal to join Tottenham from Sevilla during Nuno Espirito Santo’s brief stint at the helm. But he failed to make the grade in the Premier League and was soon shipped off to Valencia after Conte had taken over as boss. The 21-year-old, who started five matches for Spurs last season and came off the bench a further 15 times, enjoyed regular starts for Valencia last term under Jose Bordalas and had reportedly been hoping to complete a deal to return to the Mestalla Stadium even though Bordalas has made way for Gennaro Gattuso. But, according to Tribuna Deportiva, Spurs have stopped the move, despite the fact there was an agreement in place between Gil and Valencia. And the Spanish giants will now turn their attentions to Lille striker Timothy Weah and Watford winger Ignacio Pussetto instead. READ MORE: Man Utd can put De Jong transfer saga to bed after £42m deal struck Conte is well-known for his intense, all-action style of football and could favour the option of having as many players as possible at his disposal as his side embark on a campaign in the Champions League. And the Italian may now believe that Gil, who has won four caps for Spain, is worth having around. Gil is contracted to Tottenham until 2026 after penning a five-year contract when he joined the club. But with wingers Dejan Kulusevski, Richarlison and Ivan Perisic moving to north London since the Spaniard arrived, the youngster could well find his first-team opportunities at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium even more limited than they have been. DON'T MISS:Newcastle boss Eddie Howe ‘makes Chelsea ace his prime target’Chelsea ‘discussing’ Anthony Gordon swap deal after failed £40m bidNeville's Man Utd U-turn and tells Ten Hag what he learned at Valencia  According to ElDesmarque, Conte no longer counts on Gil and Tottenham want to earn money through his sale. But if they are unable to sell him this summer, they would want a fee to let him go out on loan. Gil has been named in Conte’s matchday squads for Spurs’ Premier League clashes with Southampton and Chelsea. But he hasn’t made it onto the pitch yet this season as he watched his side’s 4-1 home win over the Saints and their 2-2 draw with the Blues at Stamford Bridge from the bench. 