Nevertheless, politics, whilst being guided by all that’s time honoured, must not become dominated by old arguments. Too often, debate about our future is overshadowed by the politics of the past. Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair still provide the framework for how many commentators and politicians see the world. Yet Britain’s challenges now are very different from those of the 1970s or even the ‘90s. Not for the first time, the general public, aware of this transformative difference, realised how much things had changed long before most of the political elite did so. People knew that their own lives had altered, often not for the better. The majority voted for Brexit because they recognised and embraced the need for fundamental change. Yet, this support for a fresh approach has been repeatedly frustrated by a liberal establishment wedded to the assumptions of another era. Triangulation – a strategy developed by Tony Blair and Bill Clinton – continues to be seen as the ‘smart way’ to do politics. That strategy embraced both free market economics and an expanding state. Underpinning Blair’s ‘third way’ was the assumption that globalisation, and a growing financial services industry, would pay the bills forever. The financial crisis of 2008 should have taught us that becoming too reliant on one economic sector is destabilising. In practice, Blair’s dogmatic embrace of globalisation hollowed-out our economy, our communities, and, ultimately, most people’s lives. Importing cheap goods from countries, such as China, which lack even basic standards of workers’ rights, did much more damage to our manufacturing base than the necessary reforms of the 1980s. Actually, manufacturing declined at a far greater rate in the Blair years than during Mrs Thatcher’s premiership. The greatest tragedy was that many of these jobs could have been saved. Businesses went to the wall, not because they were inefficient, but because they were not allowed to compete on anything like a level playing field. After all, it is impossible to compete with reckless, soulless, and heartless third world tyrannies. In the end, Blair’s policies failed because triangulation is based on a lazy acceptance of the existing permeators of debate. Politics has become dominated by past problems and personalities of the past, in a way that would have been unthinkable forty years ago, precisely because the ’third way’ starved politics of new ideas. What is most relevant to the current Conservative leadership debate about the legacy of Margaret Thatcher is how her ideas were genuinely radical and innovative in their time. Much of the agenda that became known as ‘Thatcherism’ was formulated by Sir Keith Joseph, who perceived that the obsession with ‘the middle ground’ – ‘the lowest common denominator’, defined ‘by splitting the difference between Labour and the Conservatives’ - had a corrosive effect. What really matters to people is their shared values, hopes, and fears. Joseph called this the ‘common ground’. In the 1980s ‘Thatcherism’ reinvigorated our politics and our economy because it was founded on the commonly held values and aspirations of the people. Yet simply returning to the politics of the 1980s is no solution to the challenges we face today. Unabashed free trade may have been in our interest at a time when we routinely competed with highly developed democratic nations with similar standards to our own. It makes much less sense now in a world economy increasingly dominated by dictatorships, where labour is ruthlessly exploited. Moreover, the pandemic and the war in the Ukraine have demonstrated the folly of relying on ever longer, insecure supply chains to provide essential goods and services. Domestically, Margaret Thatcher and Keith Joseph would have recognised that the great challenges we now face today are as much social as economic. Rampant careless individualism and identity politics are undermining social solidarity. Yet, Conservatives are often reluctant to engage with social issues, fearing the wrath of the progressive establishment when pointing out that children benefit greatly from married parents or that community cohesion is undermined by high levels of immigration. We will not successfully challenge the orthodoxy of selfish individualism so long as we remain tied to a foreign court through the European Convention on Human Rights. It is little wonder people are losing faith in politics when the Government is unable to control our borders to keep (oft made!) promises to reduce immigration. As the Attorney General, Suella Braverman, has made clear, the recent decision of the Strasbourg Court to block deportations of illegal immigrants to Rwanda demonstrates the urgent need for radical reform. Boris Johnson rightly recognised that people crave government that understand the importance of a sense of place and community. Conservatives must not abandon his agenda in the name of laissez-faire. As long experience makes clear, the market alone cannot deliver a rebalanced, more resilient economy. Recent polling shows that the public strongly support policies to ‘level up’ growth and spread opportunity across the UK. As Liz Truss recognises, Brexit presents us with an exciting opportunity - but it is only a chance to change, not an answer in itself. If, as I hope, Liz becomes our new Prime Minister, she must begin her stewardship of the nation knowing that the politics of the past are no answer to the challenges of the future. The British people instinctively know that fundamental change is necessary - no less than a paradigm shift towards a post-liberal future is needed. As Sir Keith Joseph appreciated, pragmatism is not enough. Statesmanship, vision, and decisiveness are required for us to re-connect politics to our core values and so unite the British people on the ‘common ground’. To fail would let down those who hope for more, whether or they voted to leave the European Union or not.