Motorists across the UK will be planning to go on road trips over the next couple of days. However, with fuel prices remaining high, many of them will be cautious about traveling far and unnecessarily wasting fuel. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that drivers will still have to pay 170.40p per litre of unleaded on average. The situation is even worse for diesel car owners who can expect to fork out 182.70p per litre. However, according to experts, drivers can still enjoy road trips while being mindful of their car’s fuel consumption. There are several fuel-saving tricks that drivers can follow and one of them involves wearing sensible shoes when driving. READ MORE: Elderly driver fined £50 after making a typo – ‘I won’t be paying it!’ Wearing bigger shoes takes away the sensitivity needed with the throttle. The best way to hypermile is to feel how the car is responding to the pressure from the driver. Nick Zapolski, the founder of ChooseMyCar.com, advised drivers to try different fuel-saving tips. He previously told Express.co.uk: “The cost of living is already so high, but fuel prices are absolutely staggering. DON'T MISS Elderly drivers warned of £1,000 fines for not renewing licence [WARNING] Drivers urged to use a little-known speed bump technique to save fuel [ADVICE] Electric car users warned as charging more expensive than PETROL [INSIGHT] “It’s going to force some people to stop using their vehicles, which sadly isn’t practical for many. “We already know that more than 50 percent of people are using hypermiling techniques in order to be more economical. “But despite their best efforts, our recent studies show that the impact on Brit drivers of fuel costs is already severe. “How much more can people afford to pay?" READ MORE: Electric car owners 'left confused' after major charging law update Hypermiling can improve efficiency by around 40 percent, with some experts estimating that it could be as high as 70 percent in a newer car. By using hypermiling techniques, some road users have seen their miles per gallon increase by between 35 and 40 percent. However, drivers have also been urged to be careful when using the shoe method. This is because the Highway Code tells drivers to ensure their clothing and footwear do not prevent them from using the controls in the correct manner. Some flimsy shoes like flip-flops or sandals could see drivers' feet slipping off the pedals. On the other hand, heavier shoes like boots could cause drivers to incorrectly judge how much throttle is needed, potentially wasting fuel. The RAC advises drivers not to have a sole thicker than 10mm, also suggesting that it should not be too thin or soft. The footwear should be able to provide enough grip to stop the feet from slipping off the pedals. Larger shoes can also result in slow ankle movements, reduced reaction time, and if they are too wide, could result in two pedals being pressed down at once accidentally. Other popular hypermiling tips include removing excess weight, ensuring tyre pressure is correct and keeping the air conditioning off.