Meghan Markle and Prince Harry appeared only twice during the four-day Platinum Jubilee celebrations; once through the windows of the Buckingham Palace balcony for Trooping of Colour, and second at the Service for Thanksgiving when they made a more public entrance and exit. During a previous episode of the Apple podcast Royally Us, body language expert Elaine Swann discussed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s appearance and how they put on “brave faces” when in public. Elaine said she enjoyed seeing the couple “truly lean on one another for that equal support”, and she noted how “gracious” and “attentive” Harry was toward Meghan. “There were gestures and holding her hand, giving her little glances to let her know that he’s there for one another and they certainly had this united front with one another,” the expert added. “It’s very clear that, as far as the dynamic is concerned for this family, it really is them together collectively.” Elaine claimed there was “definitely a divide” between Meghan and Harry and “the monarchy and the working royals in the family”. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘highlights’ herself at public events - body language She also said the couple put on “brave faces” for their appearance. “But I believe, behind the scenes, you know, this is still a family. “This is still a family and they’re going to tread through these waters in the best way that they can. “But they certainly put on the bravest face that they could and moved forward with their focus being, ‘We’re here to celebrate this Jubilee and focus on this.’” She added. DON'T MISS...City with the cheapest pints in the UK named - just £3 [LIST]‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXCLUSIVE]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [EXPERT] Elaine said she felt the couple “did a good job” and “understood the purpose” of their appearance and the event as a whole. “They went there, they did what they were supposed to do. “They sat where they were supposed to sit, whether it was on the other side of the aisle or not,” she added. Harry and Meghan were seated on the left of the aisle, and in the middle of the second row past Harry’s cousins; Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice and their respective husbands. READ MORE: Charlotte's 'best type of uncle and auntie' but it's not the Sussexes This was the opposite side to where Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate Middleton were sitting. The senior working members of the Royal Family were positioned on the right side, and on the front row. The experts said this was the “first visual reminder that we had of their change in not only rank, but social standing in the Royal Family”. Since Harry and Meghan chose to step back as working members of the Royal Family, they now have to “sit with the other non-working members of the Royal Family”. They said this was “interesting” because Harry is “still sixth in line” to the throne. Elaine added: “[Harry and Meghan] said, ‘You know what, this is a moment in time, we’re going to get on the other side of this’ and live the rest of their lives.” She then mentioned the “very, very warm welcome reception” the couple recieves back in the US.