This came after Meghan Markle opened up about her and Prince Harry's decision to step back from the Royal Family in her most recent interview. Speaking to The Cut magazine, she said: "Harry said to me, 'I lost my dad in this process.'" She added: "It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision." While there was some speculation that Meghan was referring to Prince Harry's relationship with his father, Sussex biographer Mr Scobie denied this. He said: "There seems to be confusion in some headlines about this quote in The Cut interview. "I understand that Prince Harry is actually referring to Meghan's loss of her own father, and Meghan is saying she doesn't want Harry to lose his." Meghan has become estranged from her father in the last few years. Prince Harry has also reportedly had a difficult relationship with his own father. During the couple’s March 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey, Prince Harry claimed that Prince Charles "stopped taking [his] calls". He also claimed the Royal Family "literally cut [him] off financially" following Megxit. Earlier this month, royal author Catherine Mayer claimed that Prince Charles was in "deep, deep pain" after Prince Harry and Meghan decided to step back from royal duties. READ MORE: 'Not about personal ambition' Meghan 'misunderstood the Royal Family' Ms Mayer said that Prince Harry himself was "floored" by the "breach with his family". In an extract from her biography, published in The Observer, Ms Mayer wrote: "Meghan, like Diana, has not gone quietly, but the remaining royals appear not to comprehend the scale of the fallout from the Sussexes' departure, instead still squabbling over recollections that do indeed differ. "In writing a substantial new section of my biography of Charles, it seemed important to unpick the claims and counterclaims of this conflict, but not at the expense of the bigger picture. "Whosesoever truth you come to believe, the damage, personal and institutional, is profound." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REVEAL] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [REACTION] Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE] She added: "People who know Harry report that the breach with his family has floored him, and he is not the only one hurting. "His brother, William, is wound tight, says one of these sources, his distress expressing itself, as it has done since the loss of his mother, as fury. "Another source speaks of Charles's 'deep, deep pain'". In Meghan's interview with The Cut, she also spoke about forgiveness, saying: "I think forgiveness is really important. "It takes a lot more energy to not forgive. "But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. "I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything." Meghan and Harry stepped back from royal duties in March 2020, when they moved to the United States. They have returned to the UK just twice as a couple since their move to the US. They are due to return for a third time next week in order to visit charities "close to their hearts".