Illinois State Police said that they had responded to a call on Sunday night from Six Flags Great America in Gurnee of a reported shooting. A source told FOX 32 Chicago that three people were shot outside the front entrance gates to the park.  Their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening. It was also reported that the situation does not sound like an active-shooter incident, but instead a drive-by shooting. Videos have been posted on social media showing large groups of people leaving the park surrounded by police or sheltering from the shooter.  There are no suspects in custody at time of writing. Six Flags Great America is an amusement park within the northern Chicago metropolitan area. According to a park spokesperson, shots were fired from a single car parked outside which then drove away immediately READ MORE: China ‘escalates tensions’ as more US politicians visit Taiwan  Fox 32 reported that three people were wounded, with two being taken to hospital for treatment and a third declining. Six Flags security, Gurnee police and emergency services arrived on the scene almost immediately. The park spokesperson added: "The park closed early with guests and team members departing under direction of the Gurnee Police Department. Law enforcement is investigating." A Six Flags employee claimed he saw a man get shot in the leg and another person on the ground.  DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson house-hunting for post-No10 home in London suburbia [REVEAL]Russia in freefall: 500k workers forced to slash hours as wages PLUMME [SPOTLIGHT]Joe Biden told to 'show some respect and stop undermining Britain' [INSIGHT] Illinois State Police say they responded to Six Flags to assist with the incident. The only details available so far are that a shooting occurred and there are "numerous police departments on location clearing out the park", according to Gurnee police. Some videos posted to Twitter claim that multiple people were shot and said some people ran between rollercoasters and jumped over fences to escape the park. In other videos people can be seen running and screaming. 