And – in particular - criticised the UK Australia trade deal for letting down British farmers by encouraging cheaper imports of meat and other produce made in the UK. His comments show that he does not understand the type and quantity of products that can be grown in the UK, the size of UK domestic demand, the nature of the recently-concluded Australian trade deal, our current agricultural trading arrangements with the EU, and possibly not even the point of international trade. Some of Mr Sunak’s ill-informed comments even have a whiff of communist central planning to them, such as creating a statutory duty to report the proportion of imports and setting targets to increase self-sufficiency. Increasing self-sufficiency is a noble and compelling aspiration. However, it fails at the first hurdle. Why? Put simply, UK farmers do not have the capacity to make a significant difference in the amount of food produced domestically. And, this can be changed very little even over the long-term. Some of the UK’s largest food imports are beef, butter and cheddar cheese, despite similar products being made in the UK. How can this be? The answer is that the UK population has outgrown the country’s ability to produce the food that the population likes to eat. UK farmers simply do not have spare paddocks they could bring into production and protecting farmers from competition is not going to change this. It is just going to push up prices for everyone. Even if UK beef and sheep producers were able to expand capacity, they would still remain uncompetitive with the scale of international producers having access to massive grassy plains non-existent in the UK. Similarly, Mr Sunak may want to boost fruit and vegetable production, but the UK is unlikely to be growing bananas, oranges, or mangoes any time soon nor will it suddenly be able to grow avocados, chickpeas or summer vegetables out of season. Even under a statutory government target! Here, Mr Sunak displays an alarming lack of knowledge about the point of international trade – i.e, encouraging cheaper imports for consumers in return for exports where the UK has a competitive advantage. Mr Sunak claims he will make farmers a priority in trade deals. Here it becomes obvious that he has does not understand the Australian trade deal: the only industry it protects is agriculture. If anything, it is overly protective of UK farmers to the detriment of UK consumers. Trade liberation for goods is covered in Chapter two of the FTA, with items where trade barriers have not been removed fully, listed in Annex 2A and Annex 2B.  There are only one and a half pages covering Australian protections. Only the following protections are included: Reducing existing five per cent tariffs on various UK steel products, such as coils and pipes, only over five years. Reducing their $1220 (£700) per tonne tariffs on UK cheese over six years, with the exception of Stilton and goat cheeses, which - like all of the other products - will see trade protections eliminated in full. In contrast, the UK’s protections run to 14 pages and all have to do with agricultural products: UK beef tariffs of 12 per cent plus £1180 to £2530 per tonne will be removed only over 11 years with tariff free quotas and "safeguard" import limits in place for 15 years. After 15 years the UK will be able to buy as much Australian beef, tariff free, as the UK presently imports from Ireland (tariff free). UK sheep meat tariffs of 12 per cent plus £750 to £2600 per tonne will be removed only over 11 years, tariff free quotas and "safeguard" import limits will be in place for 15 years. After 15 years the UK will be able to buy as much lamb from Australia as the UK could presently buy from New Zealand, (but does not). UK dairy products tariffs ranging from £100 per tonne on milk, up to £1850 per tonne on cheese and as high as £1930 per tonne on butter will only be removed only over six years.  UK Wheat tariffs of £79 per tonne, which presently adds 33 per cent to the price of imported wheat, will be reduced over five years with a tariff free quota of 80,000 tonnes in place for four years. To put this in context, 80,000 tonnes is about four per cent of the UK’s wheat imports in 2021. This continued tariff protection is going to look particularly stupid if Russia’s invasion of Ukraine continues into next year (Sunak cannot pretend to be worried about food security if he is willing to limit the countries from whom the UK can buy tariff free produce.) UK Barley tariffs of £77 per tonne will be reduced over five years and a tariff free quota of only 7,000 tonnes in place for four years. UK Sugar tariffs of £280 and £350 per tonne, which presently add 90 per cent and 110 per cent to the price of imported sugar, will be reduced over nine years and quotas will be in pace for eight years. Various vegetables, fruit and processed foods tariffs on will be reduced over four or eight years. Moreover, the FTA completely excludes pork, chicken, and eggs and all products made with them. All these retained tariffs and product exclusions are designed to protect UK farmers. However - unlike Australia or New Zealand – the EU was granted completely free access to UK markets in the Trade and Cooperation Agreement: no tariffs, no quotas and no protection for UK farmers.  Because UK farmers cannot produce sufficient food to feed the population, food must be imported from somewhere. Consequently, EU farmers take up the slack and benefit far more than UK farmers. It is incomprehensible why the NFU (and Sunak) take such great exception to imports from Australia but turn a blind eye to imports of the same products from the EU that have completely free access to the UK market. Indeed, the UK Australia trade deal has let down (some) UK farmers - but not for the reasons Sunak claims. It has delayed the UK’s efficient dairy farmers from selling their cheese into Australia tariff free for six years, purely as a tit-for-tat for the extensive 15 years of protections that the UK has given to its inefficient beef and sheep producers, who on average make a loss on their agricultural income despite their tariff protections from international competition. Ideally, the UK should be selling cheese to Australia and buying Australian beef. Protecting a bad business model (UK grazing) to the detriment of a good business (UK dairy farming) is economic madness. But, that is how protectionism usually plays out. Mr Sunak may just be courting rural Conservative Party member votes, but he should be wary of aligning his future with trade protectionism. Catherine McBride is an Economist on the Trade and Agriculture Commission and Centre for Brexit Studies. 