Mikel Arteta and Arsenal have three remaining priorities for the final month of the transfer window - sales and the signings of a winger and central midfielder. The Gunners boss made it clear that his side will remain strongly active as they look to tick off some important objectives within the next few weeks, despite the return of Premier League football. It's already been a hugely productive summer for Arsenal following the signings of Marquinhos, Fabio Vieira, Matt Turner, Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko but the Gunners still have more to give. Arteta made that clear when issuing a statement of intent ahead of his side's visit to Crystal Palace in the Premier League open at Selhurst Park on Friday. He said: "Everything is still open, it’s a long window, a lot has happened, it’s incredible how much business the clubs have done across the Premier League and it shows how competitive it is and this season is not going to stop that. "Players are going to have the need to leave, some others to move and everything is open still." READ MORE: Arsenal defender Pablo Mari in exit talks as four departures edge closer to completion In recent weeks, Arsenal have shifted the focus from new signings to outgoings as work continues on clearing the decks in north London. Matteo Guendouzi, Bernd Leno, Konstantinos Mavropanos and Alexandre Lacazette have all moved onto pastures new via permanent deals. Nuno Tavares (Marseille), Folarin Balogun (Stade Reims) and Charlie Patino (Blackpool) have also departed on loan for the upcoming campaign. There are several other exits in the works though with Pablo Mari and Lucas Torreira among those expected to depart. Italian outfit Monza are looking to sign Mari on loan with a view for a permanent deal - an option that will be automatically triggered if they survive next season. As revealed by Express Sport, Galatasaray have also had an offer accepted for Lucas Torreira but the player has stalled on the move. DON'T MISSTottenham 'strike £20m verbal agreement' over seventh signing for Antonio ConteMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredLeicester 'immediately reply' to eye-watering £63m Chelsea transfer bid for Wesley Fofana The Uruguayan international wants to see if any last-gasp offers arrive from Italy or Spain before committing to the decision. Galatasaray are determined to entice him into the move after scheduling another meeting to discuss personal terms. Ainsley Maitland-Niles could also move on, providing a suitable offer arrives for the versatile defender. Hector Bellerin, meanwhile, is keen to return to Real Betis, who are struggling to find the cash to fund a move. Arsenal are yet to discuss the proposition of mutually terminating his contract but it's an avenue that could be explored later in the window. Arteta highlighted the importance of clearing the decks and refreshing his ranks when speaking to the media. "It’s always been my team," Arteta said. "It’s true that obviously we have trimmed the squad and changed the squad massively in the last two windows especially and you feel that now the players we have are more specific and better for the way we want to play." A new winger is also firmly on the agenda for Arsenal but the identify of their targets remains unknown. Cody Gakpo is one that has been admired but the Gunners are yet to firm up their interest in the PSV forward. In midfield, Youri Tielemans still has his admirers at Arsenal, while Ruben Neves was previously targeted by Arsenal in the summer of 2021.