Lewis Hamilton or George Russell could win the Belgian Grand Prix after Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen were handed grid penalties. Leclerc and Verstappen will start at the back of the field on Sunday after exceeding their engine component limits. Mercedes have only finished behind Verstappen in the last two races with the team having picked up back-to-back double podium finishes. The FIA’s new technical directive calling for a minimum oscillation test to reduce porpoising also comes into effect this weekend which could have an impact on the running order. When asked if the penalties to Verstappen and Leclerc were a big opportunity for Mercedes, Sky Sports host Naomi Schiff replied: “Certainly.” She added: “Let's also not forget that in Hungary George scored his very first pole position. “That Mercedes has come a long way this season so far. This new technical directive, which doesn’t necessarily change much for Mercedes but it might change more for the other teams and bring Mercedes closer to them for that reason. “From what I hear it won't make the world of difference but Mercedes has got a load of other updates coming this weekend so it will be interesting. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton drops fresh hint on retirement decision “Especially given the fact they don’t have any penalties so far this weekend.” Earlier today, Paul di Resta hinted Mercedes would be rubbing their hands together at the chance of challenging for a win this weekend. Hamilton said he “definitely” feels Mercedes’ first win of the season was getting closer. He said the team had been “improving” and believes the Silver Arrows could “close the gap” to Red Bull and Ferrari over the coming races. Schiff admitted she had spoken to Hamilton ahead of the weekend and revealed the seven-time champion had targeted podiums. She explained: “He sounded very positive, he had a very relaxed demeanour about himself. Very confident. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton lists 'pros and cons' after Daniel Ricciardo axed [INSIGHT]FIA announce Lewis Hamilton's car was investigated for three things [ANALYSIS]'The penalty is high' Lewis Hamilton picks out scary Belgian GP aspect [COMMENT] “I asked him what would be a successful part two of the season for him and he said nine podiums.” Despite Hamilton struggling early on in the season, he has since turned things around and picked up five consecutive podium finishes since Canada. The upturn in performance has also allowed him to close the gap to team-mate Russell to just 12 points. Johnny Herbert added: “You get those Mercedes in the mix with the Ferrari and the Red Bull and you never know what can happen with the points lead Max has at the present time.”