Manchester United could still make a bonus signing before the transfer window slams shut. Though there’s been talk the Red Devils’ business being done for the summer, reports in Spain claim Memphis Depay is ‘evaluating an offer’ to return to Old Trafford, five-and-a-half years on from his departure. And with Erik ten Hag looking to further bolster his side, and with Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure still a possibility, a blockbuster late return can’t be ruled out… Manchester United have landed five players so far this summer. Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with the Netherlands international touching down from Feyenoord. Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen then followed from Ajax and Brentford respectively, while Casemiro and Antony have now also made moves to the Premier League. Many have now suggested United’s business is done for the summer. Having spent £200million already, the Glazers may feel they’ve backed Ten Hag enough. However, there’s still noise over Depay with reports in Catalonia claiming the 28-year-old is ‘evaluating an offer’ to make a blockbuster return to Old Trafford. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers The Netherlands international has been deemed surplus to requirements at Barcelona as they look to raise funds to help out with their financial situation. And with Ten Hag reportedly still keen on a No 9, it’s possible a blockbuster return to Old Trafford will take place. Depay, of course, was at United before. He previously joined back in the summer transfer window of 2015, with Louis van Gaal landing his compatriot ahead of rivals Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain. At the time, many thought United were signing a player with the potential to become one of the world’s best. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Depay had been devastating for PSV Eindhoven during his final season at the club, netting 22 goals and clocking up five assists in his last 30 matches for the club. And United managed to fend off interest from their domestic and European rivals by securing a £26m deal. Depay started off well enough, scoring twice in a 3-1 Champions League win over Club Brugge with the club’s famous No 7 shirt emblazoned across his back. However, he suffered an alarming dip in form afterwards and was never able to recover. Van Gaal left him out of the squad for United’s FA Cup final win over Crystal Palace in 2016, shortly before the Dutchman cut him loose. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Jose Mourinho eventually offloaded Depay to Lyon, having deemed the current Barcelona star to be not good enough. Since then, though, he’s rebuilt his career. Depay was impressive during his time at Lyon, scoring 76 goals from 178 games and regaining his swagger and mojo in the process. And he’s always been impressive at international level, netting 42 goals in 80 appearances in the colours of his country. Now, a move back to United could be on the cards. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Although, while that’s the case, it does seem any potential transfer is likely to hinge on what happens with Ronaldo. Ronaldo wants out of Old Trafford, with the Portugal international still hoping a Champions League team will rescue him before the deadline. And with United appearing to have presented an offer to Depay, his signing could be a bonus one they make before Thursday’s deadline. Any deal would allow Anthony Elanga to go out on loan, too, amid a sense the Sweden international still has much to learn in order to become a world-beater. So it’ll certainly be interesting to see what unfolds in the next 24 hours or so. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here