Jennifer Lopez, 53, shared a stunning first look of her bridal attire as she took to Instagram and shared a close up selfie wearing her veil. The superstar has been absent from social media this month, having spent July on her honeymoon alongside Ben Affleck, 50, and their five children - from previous relationships - travelled to Paris, France and Capri. It comes after the happy couple first tied the knot in a quiet Las Vegas ceremony. Over the weekend, the couple dubbed Bennifer, exchanged their vows in a wedding held at the actor's home in Savannah, Georgia. Taking to the picture-sharing site today, the first photo captures a close-up look at the songstress' make-up and veil for the wedding. The Wedding Planner actress looked sensational as she unveiled her flawless makeup which featured a striking cat eye, nude lips and accentuated her cheekbones with a bronze highlight. READ MORE: Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi Other details included the pearl and diamond earrings she accessorised with, a high neckline with a feather trim, and she has a white tulle veil covering her face. The Let's Get Loud hitmaker was flooded with comments as fans flocked to comment on her gorgeous wedding attire. Jennifer, who boasts 220 million followers, captioned the snapshot: "First peek at my wedding looks at OnTheJLo.com," and racked up 300,000 likes in under one hour. Fan account J.Love gushed: "Love you Mrs Affleck." Debby Lo remarked: "Te amo, Jennifer," while Theodora commented: "Gorgeous." According to reports, there were 135 people in attendance at their "old Hollywood-themed" wedding, which was revealed in pictures obtained by Daily Mail. Both their mothers Guadalupe and Chris, her sister Lynda and his best pals Matt Damon and Kevin Smith were there. Jen and Ben tied the knot at his $8.9 million Georgia mansion, an 87-acre compound on Hampton Island Preserve. DON'T MISS... Janette Manrara shows off toned legs in sequinned dress[LATEST]Fiona Bruce insisted she’s not a 'career monster' amid motherhood[TV]Sylvester Stallone addresses rumours after covering up tattoo of wife[INSTAGRAM] Photographs from the big day showed the wedding layout which included a massive white carpet, as Jen was seen walking down the aisle in a white Ralph Lauren couture gown complete with a long train and veil, while Ben wore a black and white tuxedo. The pair could be seen in a sweet embrace hugging at a waterside jetty at the mansion, with a fireworks display from a lake on the property. Their children also took part in the ceremony as they too were a part of the wedding party. Jen's twins Max and Emme, 14, who she shares with ex-husband Marc Anthony and also Ben's three children Violet, 16, Seraphina, 13, and Sam, 10, who he shares with his ex-wife Jennifer Garner. Meanwhile, Ben's brother Casey Affleck decided to skip the couple's nuptials, according to reports. Ben's younger brother was missing from the event, despite reportedly sharing an extra close bond with him. A source close to the fellow actor cited "parental commitments at home" in LA as the reason why Casey skipped the wedding, according to a report in People magazine. Casey shares two sons, 18-year-old Indiana and 14-year-old Atticus, with his ex-wife Summer Phoenix and is reportedly keen to be a hands-on father.