Nicco Annan is best known as the owner and legendary host of Chucalissa’s popular strip club The Pynk, Uncle Clifford. In his latest Instagram post, the Starz breakout paid tribute to his hair and makeup team who work tirelessly to ensure the club host is serving her best looks each and every week. Nicco danced with Department Head J Denelle and makeup artist Janine Carthone in his new video from behind the scenes of P-Valley. He paid tribute to the team whilst he got in character as The Pynk’s iconic non-binary proprietor, Uncle Clifford. “If you wanna know why Uncle Clifford looks so good, it’s because it’s the black Queens that painted her!” he exclaimed. Chaka Khan’s I Feel For You played over the video as Nicco and his makeup team relaxed between shoots. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed He sang for his followers: “I feel for you… do you feel for me too?” “Give me that Vitamin D! That Vitamin D for the VIP up in the P-Valley,” Nicco said as another clip started. Head of Makeup Janine put on a raunchy display while Nicco cheered her on. They both laughed manically as Nicco sprayed her with a perfume bottle. “You saw that s**t!” he screamed. “Get up in her DMs. That’s the Head of Makeup, she’s trying to get us in trouble, know what I’m saying?” Nicco delighted his 530k followers with some rude double entendres as he plugged Janine’s Instagram handle, @9shadesbyj. In the caption for his new clip, he wrote: “Here’s some Vitamin D for the VIP." "While shooting season two of @pvalleystarz the improv to prepare as #UncleClifford for the scene leads to some candid #BTS." Crediting his team, he continued: “Here in make-up trailer with Department Head @jdenelle as my makeup artist @9shadesbyj finishes last touches before we head to set. “@9shadesbyj did all #UncleClifford make-up for the season. These nails were clawed by @danieb_didit.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul fans in meltdown as Kim meets Breaking Bad legend [REACTION]Flight Lieutenant takes no rubbish from BBC hosts in epic interview [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast guest told ‘put it away’ after wardrobe mishap [BLUNDER] Signing off with a beaming emoji, he added: “LIVE, You’re worth it.” Fans were thrilled to see Nicco letting loose behind the scenes in the run-up to what will undoubtedly be an epic finale to P-Valley’s second season. @taesmithofficial replied: “Nicco, you are a national treasure baby love!” @iamqueen_xo said: “Uncle Clifford is one of my favorite characters! And he dresses TOO fab!! Great job Nicco.” “Beautiful black Queens and I love me some of you, Uncle Cliff,” queenie_galore added. @__mingthing commented: “I definitely would love to see you in more shows and movies.” “Your looks are serving each week,” @lovely.lez17 said. “But when you came out on this scene my daughter yelled YES, PONYTAIL.” And @arielle70s agreed: “That hairstyle uncle Clifford has was everything yasss gorgeous.” (sic) P-Valley season 2 concludes Sunday, August 14 on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.