Manchester United football director John Murtough will be left ruing three January transfer decisions as a dismal run continued in Saturday's 4-0 humiliation at Brentford. The Red Devils suffered their second defeat in as many games under Erik ten Hag, who inherited a squad with a blatant lack of attacking firepower. United have frustrated Ten Hag and supporters with their snail-paced summer transfer business, entering the new season with just four established senior attackers. Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho are joined by Anthony Elanga, who broke into the first team last season, Alejandro Garnacho, Amad Diallo and Facundo Pellistri. United were expected to sign a forward in January after Mason Greenwood's untimely suspension. However, the club didn't back Ralf Rangnick, who later publicly named three options Murtough and the recruitment team passed on before telling him there were no viable options on the market. He said: "The answer at the time was, 'no, there is no player on the market that would really help us'. Well, there were a few, there were a few. [Luis] Diaz, who is now at Liverpool, [Julian] Alvarez, who will be at Manchester City in the summer, [and Dusan] Vlahovic, who at the time was still with Fiorentina. So, those are just three of them that come across my mind now." JUST IN: Redknapp rages 'look at me' at Neville as tempers boil after Man Utd  Speculation suggested United were hesitant to move in the winter window because they wanted any new signings to fit into Ten Hag's vision. But eight months on, and four months since the Dutchman's appointment, they are yet to provide him with attacking reinforcements. And the torrid showing at Brentford extended the run of games in which United have failed to score a goal themselves to four. They ended last season with 4-0 and 1-0 defeats to Brighton & Hove Albion and Crystal Palace, respectively, before Alexis Mac Allister netted an own goal in their opening-weekend 2-1 loss to the Seagulls. READ MORE: David de Gea requests Sky Sports interview after dismal Man Utd match  Ten Hag had identified Darwin Nunez and Antony as two leading summer targets at the start of the window. But United lagged for Nunez, allowing Liverpool to steal a march and seal an £85m deal. And Ajax have priced Antony out of a switch to Old Trafford, demanding a similar fee, which the club aren't willing to pay. Ten Hag will be desperate for fresh attacking faces in the final weeks of the summer window at the dawn of a hectic campaign featuring a congested schedule due to Europa League football and the winter World Cup. And United's continued struggles before goal in their opening two fixtures have only proved he needs them just as much as he wants them. Click HERE to buy the new Man Utd home shirt