Sunrise host Natalie Barr claimed that she could not even stomach reading the whole article, and said she found it too hard. Ms Barr did not hold back on Ms Markle and called her "a tosser" after questioning her claims supporters had compared her wedding to Prince Harry to the freeing of Nelson Mandela from prison. The Duchess of Sussex latest profile in The Cut about her new Spotify podcast Archetypes is the latest bombshell thrown at the Royal Family since the royal couple departed in March 2020. Sunrise host Natalie Barr said: "I couldn't even stomach getting through the whole article. "It's just too... I just find her too hard to... She's just... I think an Australian would say she's just full of it. "She's a tosser, she's a total tosser! That's how we would describe her. "I just can't, the way she speaks..." JUST IN: 'Security win!' Scholz calls for common EU air defence system to counter Russian threat     The term "tosser" is Australian slang for someone seen to be behaving obnoxiously. There have been many criticisms waged at Meghan Markle for her latest interview, in which she further discussed her and Prince Harry's decision to step down from their royal roles. This month has also seen the release of her highly anticipated Archetypes podcast, which also caused a stir due to claims about a heater catching fire during a royal trip to South Africa with her husband Prince Harry, and son Archie, in 2019. Discussing Royal protocol and social media, the Duchess of Sussex explained that she did not want to give her children's photos to the press due to her strained relationship with certain publications in the UK. READMORE: Channel migrant crisis could END after diplomatic ‘breakthrough’ between Libya and US     The procedure of releasing photos to the press before posting them on social media was one Meghan was not used to. In the Cut interview, Meghan outlined the reasons for not wanting to follow this protocol: “Why would I give the very people that are calling my children the N-word a photo of my child before I can share it with the people that love my child?” Royal author Angela Levin dismissed Meghan Markle's interview in the Cut as “too shocking.”  DON’T MISS: GB News: Dan Wootton fumes as June rail strike to 'wipe out small businesses'[INSIGHT]Brits to brace for recession until 2024 as cost of living crisis intensifies [REVEAL]House price crash: Homes to be empty ‘for very long time’ as recession hits – new forecast [SPOTLIGHT]     She added: “It’s breathtaking, her arrogance and her rudeness and her taking everything for granted and not giving anything back attitude.” The evolution of #MeghanMarkle is nothing short of inspiring. Princess Diana would be proud.