Gil Banks reportedly suffered fatal injuries after attempting to scale the Rucu Pichincha volcano, near Quito, on Sunday, August 14. It is understood that Gil had been travelling around South America after finishing his army service in an elite unit. Gil was originally from Newton Mearns, before emigrating with his family to Israel, the Daily Record reports. Heartbroken friends have taken to social media to pay their respects to the 25-year-old athlete. Eduardo Finkelstein trained Gil for a triathlon years ago and said he was at "extraordinary runner". He added: "No words to describe and my condolences to the family. Gil Banks started out in triathlon at The Buttons (Caesarea) where I was the Triathlon Head Coach and I remember with his wild red hair, great smile and an extraordinary runner. "Gil and I had something a lot in common at the time, neither of us spoke Hebrew very well and we always managed to find a funny and interesting way to understand each other. (He also helped me with my English.)  "My sincerest condolences for the family at this time. You have my deepest sympathy and unwavering support. Wishing you peace, comfort, courage, and lots of love at this time of sorrow. My heart goes out to you at this difficult time. "May his memory be a blessing ." Michael Sapir posted: "Such sad news. Gil Banks was a neighbour and a friend. A remarkable young man. An incredible athlete. Smart and ambitious. "Warm and generous with a big friendly heart to all who knew him. May his memory be a blessing. My sincere condolences to Shelley, Steven, Gabi, Lior and Tali." Gil's death was confirmed by the Israeli Embassy in Ecuador on Twitter on Tuesday, August 16.  They wrote: "The Embassy of Israel in Ecuador laments the death of young Israeli Gil Banks, who suffered a fall while attempting to scale the Rucu Pichincha volcano, located in Quito-Ecuador, on Sunday, August 14. "The embassy is carrying out the corresponding process following the death of the 25-year-old Israeli. "We express our solidarity for this profound loss and extend our most sincere condolences to family and friends."  Born in London, Gil grew up in Glasgow and attended Mearns Castle High School in Newton Mearns. With a Glaswegian father and English mother, the family then emigrated to Caesarea in Israel. His Facebook page has now been changed to 'Remembering Gil Banks'. 