Both American and Taiwanese officials have suggested as much, although there has yet to be official confirmation. It is expected that Pelosi will meet Taiwan’s President Tsai Ing-wen and perhaps stay overnight in Taipei. A touchdown in Taiwan – seen as a renegade province by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) – would represent the most significant visit by a US politician since Newt Gingrich visited in 1997, while himself House Speaker. China has publicly threatened “strong measures” if Pelosi proceeds with the trip, while the US Defense Department is monitoring Chinese military movements in the region. There are fears the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) could respond directly if Pelosi’s visit goes ahead. Yesterday, China’s foreign ministry warned against the “egregious political impact” of the trip, and said the army “won’t sit by idly” if Beijing feels its “sovereignty and territorial integrity” is threatened. On Monday, the PLA Eastern Theatre Command also warned it would “bury incoming enemies”. In Washington on Monday John Kirby – Coordinator for Strategic Communications at the US National Security Council – said there was “no reason” for Beijing to turn any visit into a “pretext to increase aggressive military activity”. Kirby warned “China appears to be positioning itself to potentially take further steps”, which “could include military provocations, such as firing missiles in the Taiwan Strait. “We shouldn't be intimidated by that rhetoric or those potential actions. This is an important trip for the Speaker to be on and we’re going to do whatever we can to support her.” Whatever actions either side now takes could signal intent and resolve over Taiwan. Amid growing threats of a Chinese invasion of Taiwan, tensions have been rising anyway, with Chinese leader Xi Jinping warning US President Joe Biden “those who play with fire will perish by it”. This rhetoric is nothing new, however there are fears that with Pelosi, China is really not bluffing. China has ramped up its military capabilities of late, while Beijing has talked up the possibility of moving on Taiwan. However, not only can the CCP ill afford to back down over Pelosi - given the potential loss of face - but it has increasingly backed itself into a corner over making a move on Taiwan. In the midst of the Pelosi drama, Chinese air force spokesman Shen Jinke said Beijing will “resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity”, a direct reference to Taiwan. Meanwhile, a PLA unit has warned on the microblogging site, Weibo: “Prepare for war”.  (10.30am update: Taiwan scrambles fighter jets as Pelosi enters airspace after China threat to GUN her down)  Over the weekend, the PLA conducted military exercises off China’s coast opposite Taiwan, with further exercises expected today. While it is unlikely that China would try to shoot Pelosi’s plane down, fighter jets could attempt to intercept it or block it from landing, which would prompt a US response. Of course, loss of face is not just an issue for Beijing. Although the White House insists the decision to visit is Pelosi’s alone, should she not go it would send a message – especially to America’s allies – that China’s intimidation works. Little wonder Democrats and Republicans are rallying behind her. Right now, this is a test of wills. Apart from its major role in the global semiconductor industry, Taiwan is part of the ‘first island chain’, which effectively blocks China’s direct access to, and dominance of, the Pacific. Take Taiwan and the US could be pushed out of the region, with huge ramifications. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine adds pressure. For many Chinese nationalists, if Russia can get some kind of victory out of Ukraine, then what is China waiting for. A strong showing by China would demonstrate intent and resolve over taking Taiwan, while a Pelosi visit and any response to Chinese aggression by the US would signal intent and resolve to defend Taiwan. Who will blink first? We may be about to find out. 