Dramatic pictures show thick plumes of black smoke billowing across the sky in Minster on Sea, a town on the north coast of the Isle of Sheppey.  Four fire enginers were scrambled to a caravan alight in Greyhound Road.  A crew spokesman said: "Kent Fire and Rescue Service has been called to reports of a caravan alight in Greyhound Road, in Minster on Sea, Sheerness. "Four fire engines are in attendance and crews are using hose reel jets and main jets to extinguish the flames. "All persons have been accounted for.  "Thank you to everyone who called to make us aware of the incident." Kent has been hit with a number of wildfires, with at least six fires tearing through the fields and land across the county since the beginning of July due to the hot weather. Dr Rajindra Puri, senior lecturer in Environmental Anthropology for the University of Kent, warned the "fire danger" has increased. He told Kent Live: "What’s really changed now is the fire danger, the likelihood that an ignition event is going to lead to a wildfire. The fire danger is something we need to focus on because that is what climate change is causing. “It’s causing a greater number of days every year where we have a very high risk of fire spreading and it’s about the fuel loading; the amount of material that is available to be burnt, how distributed it is and how dry it is. If we have continuously dry days then all of that material gets very friable and up it goes in flames very easily.  READ MORE: Met Office issues highest warning with 'exceptional' risk to southeast “We always get fires, but since the last decade or so, the number of days of fire danger has increased and the likelihood of fires is increasing - we’ve had fires in 2011, 2018, 2019, 2021 and 2022 to now." It comes as Met Office maps today revealed large swathes of the UK would suffer "severely" if wildfires break out over a three day period amid the second heatwave. Forecasters released interactive maps, which show the risk of fires is high, largely due to the fact there is barely any rainfall predicted and temperatures are peaking at around the mid to late 20s for large parts of England. On Thursday, August 11 parts of the south coast, including Kent, Sussex and Hampshire begin to illuminate red - which indicates an exceptional risk.  DON'T MISS Met Office issues rare FOUR-DAY amber weather alert for 36C scorcher [INFO]M4 traffic chaos as motorway SHUT after lorry bursts into flames [VIDEO]Horror as thick black smoke billows from behind houses in London [PICTURES] This only spreads as time goes on, with the entire south-east covered by Friday, August 12, and stretching to the midlands by Saturday. On Sunday, August 14 this is scaled back with large parts of the east still under the highest level, but the majority of the south coast will return to level 4, which is dubbed "very high" by the Met Office. Climate scientist for the Met Office, Professor Richard Betts, warned of the risk of wildfires.  He posted on Twitter: "With UK temperatures rising and very little rain, the landscape will dry out more, further increasing risks of wildfire. "The Fire Severity Index is already Very High across wide areas By Friday, exceptional in many places, please be careful not to start fires." Meanwhile, Met Office forecasters also issued a four-day amber warning for extreme temperatures in parts of England and Wales as a new heatwave looms. The warning, for Thursday to Sunday, comes as the forecaster predicted 35C in places - below last month's record temperatures, which peaked above 40C in some spots MORE TO FOLLOW