P-Valley fans were delighted to see the stripper drama return after two years away. The Starz series has been going full throttle with sexier scenes, shocking plot twists and unexpected deaths. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch the second to last episode of P-Valley season two. P-Valley returned for series two on Sunday, June 3, on Starz in America and Starzplay in the UK. Since then, a new instalment has come out every week in the same timeslot - with the exception of a week-long delay in July - and episode nine will be no different. For those living in the US, P-Valley season two, episode nine will air on Sunday, August 7, at 10pm ET. But if you're a UK fan, then it is a slightly different story thanks to the country being in an alternative time zone. READ MORE: POLL: What do you think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup? What time will P-Valley season 2, episode 9 come out?P-Valley returned for series two on Sunday, June 3, on Starz in America and Starzplay in the UK.Since then, a new instalment has come out every week in the same timeslot - with the exception of a week-long delay in July - and episode nine will be no different.For those living in the US, P-Valley season two, episode nine will air on Sunday, August 7, at 10pm ET.But if you're a UK fan, then it is a slightly different story thanks to the country being in an alternative time zone.  Episode nine will be dropping on Amazon Prime Video's Starzplay at the same moment as it will on Starz in America. It is just that the time will differ so while US subscribers will have episode nine at 10pm ET, UK viewers are going to be able to watch it from 3am BST. As the rest of Europe runs roughly one hour ahead of the UK, P-Valley will return on Starzplay for them at around 9am. Following the gripping developments in episode eight, this next instalment won't be one to miss. Last week, Lil Murda (played by J Alphonse Nicholson) was still struggling with his grief for his friend and former lover Big Teak (John Clarence Stewart). His funeral was held and Pico (Zachariah Rogers) decided to claim that he murdered Big Teak which Lil Murda knew very well wasn't true, seeing as he was there when he died by suicide. But for trying to benefit from his ex-boyfriend's death, the rapper killed Pico. There could be major trouble ahead for Lil Murda before the series is over if any of Pico's associates find out what he had done. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry 'scared' of 'Diana replacement' Meghan, claims Levin [ROYAL]Outlander prequel: Jamie’s family explored in Starz spin-off [EXPLAINER]Outlander season 7 release: Show EP drops promising update  [UPDATE] Elsewhere, Hailey (Elarica Johnson) was eager to sell The Pynk and demanded $10million for the club. Even when she was offered $5million, Hailey turned it down in the hope of getting a better offer. Episode nine will be called Snow and according to the synopsis: "The Pynk family shows up and shows out, giving folks a night they won’t ever forget." A clip teasing what's to come has shown it could be the end of the line for Mercedes (Brandee Evans). In the video, Mercedes storms out of The Pynk with Uncle Clifford (Nico Annan) following behind her. She says that she can't "bust it" like she used to and fears it's her time to retire for good. Keyshawn (Shannon Thornton), better known as Miss Mississippi, has been wowing the crowds as of late as well so it could be time to hand over the headline spot to the next generation of The Pynk's dancers. P-Valley continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.