Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William are reportedly moving to Windsor with their family this summer. And this relocation, it has been claimed, will also prompt Prince George and Princess Charlotte to leave Thomas's Battersea School in London for one closer to their new house. The young Cambridges have been widely tipped to be attending from September Lambrook, a preparatory school distancing only a 15-minute drive away from Windsor Castle. The reports alone of the possible arrival of the little royals to this school have increased the interest of other parents in this institute, to the point there is now a "lengthy waiting list", the Telegraph wrote. The frenzy surrounding the potential enrollment of the young royals appears to be concerning to some of the parents of pupils currently attending Lambrook. One told the publication: "We’ll see what happens – if it gets too crazy we won’t send our second child there. We like it the way it is." Lambrook boasts acres of space for cricket, football and rugby pitches, as well as a nine-hole golf course and a 25-metre pool. Given how great advocates Kate and William are of the benefit sports and spending time outdoor have on children's wellbeing, they are likely to appreciate these perks featured at the school. Moreover, the school distances only a short drive away from the house in Berkshire the Cambridges have reportedly chosen for themselves, which would allow them to continue to do the school run while juggling with their royal duties. Following months of reports of a possible move to Windsor by Kate and William, the Cambridges are now said to be moving into Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom residence sitting on the grounds of the Windsor estate. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma This Grade-II home was built for Queen Adelaide by her husband King William IV in 1831. Among its most famous tenants in the past two centuries, it has counted Group Captain Peter Townsend, an equerry to King George VI who became romantically involved with Princess Margaret. As this residence underwent major renovations in 2015, it would not need any taxpayer-funded interventions should Kate and William truly decide to move in. Among the perks this home presents is its close distance to the Queen's castle and Carole and Michael Middleton's residence in Bucklebury. Royal author Katie Nicholl previously told OK! magazine a life in Windsor would give George, Charlotte and Prince Louis more privacy and space than the one they are enjoying in London. She said: "We know Kate and William adore the countryside, and Windsor gives the children all the freedom and space that they need. "It’s significantly more private and less overlooked – which is why all royals love the country – but is also a reasonable distance from London to commute when necessary. "They'll be closer to both the Queen and the Middletons, which is great news for everyone." Kate and William would reportedly not give up Kensington Palace following their relocation to Windsor but, rather, use it as their main working office. Morever, they would also continue to use their home in Norfolk, Anmer Hall, as a countryside retreat during the school breaks and weekends. Kate and William's move to Windsor would also likely prompt a major change in Prince Louis's life. The tot currently attends Willcocks Nursery School, a short walk away from Kensington Palace. But, should his parents move to Windsor, he would also likely be enrolled in a school in Berkshire. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge moved into Kensington Palace in 2013. However, given William was working as a helicopter pilot first based in Anglesey and then in Norfolk, the four-storey apartment didn't become their main home until 2017, when he quit his role at East Anglia Air Ambulance and started to dedicate himself full time to royal duties.