The Vera writer appeared on Monday's BBC Breakfast to chat about her latest book with BBC hosts Jon Kay and Sally Nugent. She went on to discuss the success of the ITV drama which stars leading lady Brenda Blethyn, who plays DCI Stanhope. Ann, who also writes books based on the BBC drama Shetland, teased fans with what she has planned in the future for Vera. Speaking about how fans in Australia love the show, she said: "They showed a new episode and it hit the top of the ratings immediately wherever I went. "I think they were a bit disappointed that I wasn't Brenda Blethyn. "There is such an affection for that character, especially among maybe women of a certain age, like me. "[Women] who are strong, competent or authoritative, don't want to be judged by what they're wearing, and not wanting to be defined by a man or by a family." READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘very worried’ he’s ‘going to be in trouble’ with memoir Discussing how Vera began, Ann continued: "Somebody picked up the first Vera book in an Oxfam shop and she was an executive for ITV studios, and that's how Vera became to be on the television. "And the rest is history," Jon chipped in as Ann repeated: "Yes, the rest is history." When asked whether she plans to write anymore Vera, the author beamed: "Absolutely. "I've just delivered a new Matthew Venn book, but I'll be thinking about a new Vera book when this one comes out." Brenda and her sidekick Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty) have been spotted filming for series 12 in Northumberland. However, when chatting about the importance of location, Ann told the hosts: "I love it. I'm not a northerner by birth, I am by adoption. "I moved there in the mid-80s and fell in love with the mad-friendliness of the people and never wanted to go. "It's a landscape really that feeds into the books and into the characters because I can't imagine Vera living anywhere but right in the Northumberland Hills." DON'T MISS...Endeavour fans devastated as boss shares disappointing update [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent forced to cut interview over 'problem' [VIDEO]BBC backlash as Arctic Monkeys 'ban' live performance from airing [REACTION] During the pandemic, Ann kept busy by writing another Vera book called Rising Tide. "I think Rising Tide really reflects being locked down because it's about facing our own mortality," she explained. "And because we were scared, weren't we right at the beginning and that feeling that we couldn't get out and everything was a bit claustrophobic. "The book is set on an island where people can't really escape from." Filming for series 12 of Vera is well underway, and while ITV hasn't confirmed when it will air, like other series, it should be shown in January. Fans may be excited to watch how the upcoming series will play out, however, they are still waiting for the final episodes of series 11 to broadcast. The first two instalments played out last year, with the following being shown in January 2022. However, it has not been confirmed when the remaining episodes will air, but fans are hopeful it'll be this year. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.