BBC Breakfast hosts Sally Nugent and Jon Kay told viewers on Monday the UK is facing a deluge of rain and thunderstorms in the coming days. However, BBC viewers have criticised Sally for asking a reporter whether there will be "too much rain". Sally, who was speaking to BBC reporter Alexis Green from a field of crops, asked her: "We know the crops need water, but are they actually going to get too much of it?" Alexis replied: "Possibly not, no Sally. The water which does fall from the skies could just run off the ground as it's very dry at the moment." She told Sally the Environment Agency has moved eight out of its 14 areas in England into drought stages. Yorkshire has had the driest period in 150 years, going back to when records started.  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos She then spoke to a Hampshire-based farmer called Matt Culley about how his crops have been seriously impacted by the drought. "We have not seen much rain since the end of May," Matt explained. "This is the driest I have ever known it on this farm. "We've had no rain at all and it's really been compounded by the dry spring." Standing in front of a field of maize, he told Alexis the crop should have been "twice the size" as it is.  Many BBC viewers took to Twitter to hit out over Sally's question, with @Rec commenting: "So light rain, showers, heavy rain, are all the wrong kind of rain. Sun is a #ClimateCrisis Anyone would think @BBCNews want to make a drama out of everything and make it negative?" Isabel added: "I take the [people] on the BBC didn’t sleep too well last night. "Their imagination is in overdrive so they’ve come up with a new crisis. Can’t wait for the flash floods I suppose I could buy a cheap dinghy." @Maninashed said: "BBC just said it's the wrong type of rain coming during a drought as it might cause floods. Can someone please tell me what kind of rain we need because I thought there's only the wet stuff?" DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood forecasts early retirement [LATEST]BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Roger Johnson  [UPDATE]BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Roger Johnson  [INSIGHT] Kevin remarked: "No more complaining about rain… It’s a blessing to have any at all." Matthew Judson penned: "Finally! Much needed. Although there is a risk of flooding because the ground is so dry." Mike Love added: “'Light rain and showers' predicted for here by BBC Weather today and it's a very nippy 18c at the moment. I’m not sure what the difference is between light rain and showers, but that just sounds like a typical British summer to me." Three yellow thunderstorm warnings have been issued by the Met Office with effect on Monday.  Conditions are due to turn with temperatures dropping up to 10C in some areas, while rainfall and thunderstorms are likely across the nation. BBC weather correspondent Carol Kirkwood said: "Through the night we can see the thundery showers pushing eastwards and we will also have some heavier and more persistent rain across eastern Scotland. "There will be more showers coming up from the east and all of these have the potential to be thundery as well." BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One. 