Heading into season five of the Kevin Costner-led Paramount Network drama Yellowstone, Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) has adoptive brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) well and truly in the palm of her hand. After blackmailing Jamie into killing his biological dad Garrett Randall (Will Patton) in retaliation for his part in the season three ambushes against the Duttons, John (Kevin Costner) has all the ammo he needs to keep Jamie on his side. Beth caught Jamie in the act of dumping Garrett’s body at the “train station” after he’d shot him to avoid the consequences of his actions. Jamie knew about his father’s involvement in the ambushes which left John, Beth, Kayce (Luke Grimes) and the rest of the clan fighting for their lives. However, he kept quiet but when Beth discovered the truth she offered him an ultimatum - either come clean to law enforcement and risk jail time, tell John and Rip (Cole Hauser) and risk death, or kill his father. Jamie opted for the latter and Beth photographed him in the act, meaning John could manipulate his adoptive son further - but could Jamie have gotten away with it all? READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Double exit for Laramie and Walker A number of fans have expressed their confusion at the fact that Jamie didn’t take physical action against Beth to try and stop her from taking or withholding the photographic evidence. After all, Jamie is no stranger to taking deadly action to protect his name before, killing journalist Sarah Nguyen (Michaela Conlin) when she threatened to expose John’s deadly secrets. And with Jamie and Beth’s confrontation happening at the secluded “train station”, it’s left some scratching their heads as to why he didn’t kill Beth - especially seeing as there’s no love lost between the two. Redditor @ideletedmyaccount was the first to put forward the potential plot hole in Jamie’s character, as they suggested: “Why didn't Jamie grab Beth and throw her off the cliff? “I know we can say oh Jamie is too scared of Beth. Beth has too much control. But I didn't really see that pivotal moment so quick. “So, ok, bob's your uncle. Beth just convinced Jamie to kill his biological father? Like that? Seems, I don't know, quick and Dues Ex Machina, the writers needed it so it happened.” They concluded: “Season 4 took a long time telling tales that don't matter and Beth/Jamie didn't kinda jell for me.” (Sic) It didn’t take long for fans to share their thoughts on the potential mishap, with @chyrch offering up as an explanation: “Because the writing is s**t. That's the real reason. Anything else is just making excuses.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5: Kevin Costner rules out major Beth changeYellowstone's Kevin Costner speaks out on John Dutton death rumourYellowstone season 5: John Dutton star delivers major filming update However, others had different interpretations, with @gunwok replying: “It's supposed to show how much power and control Beth has over him and also how bad he feels for what he did to her.” And @kingkonik argued: “Jaime is weak. That’s his whole thing. Easily manipulated, and a coward.” Meanwhile, @DaisyMiller8 suggested: “The whole point is that Jamie is so spineless and weak that he'll pretty much submit to anyone who tries to excercise any form of power over him: John, his bio dad and now Beth. “He's a coward, he would never hurt Beth and risk the wrath of John (and Rip).” However, it could be argued there was enough evidence to suggest Jamie could’ve taken Beth out in order to save his own skin. As mentioned before, he always operates in his own best interests so why would he let Beth keep the photo? He was also in the ideal location to dispose of the body and could easily have made a getaway or even constructed a lie to explain Beth’s disappearance. For now though, fans can expect to see them both back on screens when Yellowstone season five returns later this year. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. Seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK now.