BBC Breakfast presenters Sally Nugent and Jon Kay returned to screens on Tuesday and welcomed Les Dawson’s wife Tracy Dawson and his daughter Charlotte Dawson. Impressionist Jon Culshaw also joined the show ahead of his tour inspired by the comedian to open up about Les' life and the impact he had on him.   As Jon Culshaw prepared to go on his Les Dawson Flying High tour, he and the late comedian’s family reflected on the star’s life. After a video looking back at Les’ hit comedy acts, Charlotte shared the love she had for her father. The 29-year-old stated: “I just love seeing his face, it just makes me happy especially in the morning as well. Turning to Tracy, Charlotte added: “I just love him, I want to give him a big cuddle and a big squeeze, it breaks our hearts but it's so amazing to see him.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers   Quizzing the family, Sally asked: “Also hard maybe, to see his face, just a little bit maybe?” Charlotte responded: “I’ve got the cardboard cutout in the living room.” “Which I brought Charlotte up with, so it’s being handed over to Noah now,” Tracy added. Charlotte shared: “My little boy kisses the cardboard cut-out every morning, he says ‘Grandad’ now and it just melts our hearts.”    Presenter Jon asked the duo: “What’s it like then you’ve got Jon here who’s bringing your dad back to life on stage impersonating, playing the part of Les Dawson in this show? “We’ll talk to Jon about it but what’s that like for you guys?” Charlotte replied: “It’s just amazing honestly, Jon is just so talented and he does my dad so well, it's on point.As they laughed, she added: “It’s amazing, my dad would be buzzing.” Speaking to the impressionist Tracy stated: “You’re bringing him back on tour and bringing him back to life.” DON'T MISS...Carole Malone slams BBC over Rushdie coverage [INSIGHT]Charlie Stayt mocks Tory MP leaving Naga sniggering [INSIGHT]Louise Minchin finally returns to present BBC Breakfast after injury [INSIGHT]  Speaking on his impressions Jon explained: “I’ve always loved Les, some voices you do for a comfort you don't even think about it. “I’ve always done that with Les, it just makes you happy, I remember putting the suit on, putting the hair on, getting into that position and the smiles erupt from everybody.” “It reflects what audiences have always done, and there's a very interesting feeling once you take on that Dawson mantle.”   Paying tribute to the late comedian, Jon added: “That’s one of Les’ greatest trademarks that lugubrious, loquacious language. “Each joke that he told was a little mosaic piece in that wider story which all guided us through until, I love the description, the hobnail punch comes in, like a pie in the face. “Les built this tapestry of comedy and I think that’s why he’s so revered and stands the test of time it was so clever, so many layers and warmth,” Jon concluded. Les Dawson died of a heart attack in 1993 during treatment for a heart complaint, leaving behind his wife and four children. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 