A range of yellow thunderstorm warnings was issued by the Met Office for the UK as an "unsettled period of weather", dominated by intense rainfall, followed last week's heatwave. As the blistering heat "slipped away" from the south and east, rainfall of at least 50mm in a two or three-hour period in some places across the country came in, the weather service said. Met Office chief forecaster Dan Suri described "heavy showers, thunderstorms and torrential downpours" as the "key hazards" over the UK until mid-week. READ MORE: 'The start of it!' Warning of more extreme weather events after UK and Europe heatwave Given the exceptionally dry weather, many Britons are thought to be hoping for showers. However, Mr Suri warned that because of the recent dry conditions, rain could pose "pronounced" dangers to the environment and infrastructure. He said: "Although not all places will be affected, where thunderstorms occur there is the potential for very large rainfall totals, but when that heavy rain is falling on extremely dry ground, the risk of flash flooding is much more pronounced." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Suri added: "With no meaningful rainfall in some southern locations since June, soils in these areas have become baked by the sun turning them into hard almost impenetrable surfaces. "Any rainfall in these areas won't be able to soak away and instead it will wash off soils and other hard surfaces, creating flash flooding in some areas. "This excess water can rapidly inundate some flood-prone areas. Particular areas of caution are low-lying stretches of road and those areas adjoining sloping fields where water can quickly run off, creating fast-emerging hazards." But even as large volumes of water give the British public a respite from the blistering waves of strong sunshine and temperatures surpassing 30C, this week's rainfall is not enough, the Met Office said. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Liz Truss call an early snap general election? [VOTE] When will it rain in August? INCHES of rain to come [MAPS]Number of migrants crossing Channel doubles in 12 months [ANALYSIS] The forecaster said showers in parts of southern and central England are so far less than a quarter of what would be expected in a typical summer. With two weeks to go until the end of August, the expected rainfall cannot balance the books to produce average results, meaning that in some areas, this summer will be remembered as a severely dry one. And if the autumn and winter don't bring above-average rainfall, some parts of the country — south-east England being particularly vulnerable — could be tipped into a severe and devastating drought, experts warned. For now, the wet weather appears to be a short spell rather than what scientists say is needed, with Met Office Deputy Chief Daniel Rudman claiming rain will become "less likely" after from Thursday. He said: "After Wednesday conditions will settle down somewhat for most. "Whilst there may be some periods of rain, and it will be unsettled at times in northern and western parts, the heavy downpours associated with thunderstorms become less likely."