While the West has slapped a number of sanctions on Moscow, amid the brutal Ukraine invasion, which are crippling the Russian economy, the Ukrainian President has previously demanded that punishments need to “be ruinous enough for us to end this terrible war”. Now, Mr Zelensky is urging the West to ramp up its punishments and take a tougher stance on the Russian nuclear industry. Despite fears of nuclear conflict soaring amid the war, no sanctions are yet to be slapped down on Russia’s nuclear industry. This is despite its soldiers having taken control of power plants in Ukraine early on in the conflict. Following a meeting with European Council President Charles Michel, Mr Zelensky tweeted: “Russian nuclear terror requires a stronger response from the international community, [including] sanctions on the Russian nuclear industry and nuclear fuel.” While these sanctions have yet to be introduced, Mr Zelensky announced that progress was made during his meeting with Mr Michel, and pinpointed other areas where the bloc can provide Ukraine with assistance. Mr Zelensky added: “Positively assessed the start of grain export by sea. “Coordinated preparations for the Crimea Platform Summit and other events. “Emphasised the importance of unblocking the package of macro-financial assistance for Ukraine as soon as possible.” This comes after Ukraine reported that Russian shelling damaged three radiation sensors and injured a worker at the Zaporizhzhia power plant in the country’s south east on Saturday. It marked the second hit in consecutive days on the site. One of the reactors has shut down as a result, with the UN’s nuclear watchdog warning of a "very real risk of a nuclear disaster". Rafael Mariano Grossi, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, said he was “extremely concerned" by such reports. READ MORE: ‘Norway first!’ Panic as UK's BIGGEST importer of gas poised to cut He said: "I’m extremely concerned by the shelling yesterday at Europe’s largest nuclear power plant, which underlines the very real risk of a nuclear disaster that could threaten public health and the environment in Ukraine and beyond.” Mr Michel said he was “alarmed” by reports of the shelling, warning that the “safety (of the plant) is of the highest concern". He tweeted: In today’s call, Mr Zelensky informed me about the latest developments on the ground. "We discussed also the situation at the Zaporizhzia nuclear power plant, Europe’s largest; reports of shelling are alarming; its safety is of the highest concern. DON'T MISS UK heatwave: Expert reveals how to save your home from BOILING [REVEAL] Archaeology news: Humans and neanderthals were engaged in war [REPORT] ‘Norway first!’ Panic as UK's BIGGEST importer of gas poised to cut [INSIGHT] “Also reviewed all strands of EU’s steadfast political, military, economic, financial and humanitarian support to Ukraine.” While Ukraine clearly blames Russia for the shelling at Europe’s largest nuclear plant, pro-Russian officials are pointing the finger at the Ukrainian military. And although Mr Zelensky has raised the alarm over Russia’s “nuclear terror”, both sides have accused each other of "nuclear terrorism". The Zaporizhzhia plant has been under Russian control since early on in the conflict, and UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned that any hit on the nuclear station could be “suicidal”.