The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down as full-time working members of the Firm at the end of March 2020. They have since laid down the foundation of their new lives in California, signing deals with Netflix and Spotify to become content producers and launching their own non-profit - and already award-winning - organisation. However, former police protection officer Ken Wharfe believes Prince Harry is unlikely to spend the rest of his life Stateside. Appearing in an upcoming episode of the Mirror's Pod Save The Queen podcast, the former royal bodyguard said: "Personally I do and I base that on gut reaction really. "I just cannot see them forever more living in California. "It's clear to me that Harry is not quite a fish out of sea - I mean he is getting involved in charitable work and he has these attachments to Netflix and other companies but quite where they'll end up we don't know. "But I just think his involvement with his military charities - quite how he runs that on the other side of the Atlantic, I don't know. "But I just have this feeling that he could well be back in a new role, with or without Meghan - I honestly don't know. "But to answer your question, I do think he will be back in some form as part of his father's plan for trimming down the monarchy because within the next decade that is going to happen." Mr Wharfe, who co-authored a new book titled 'Diana: Remembering the Princess', worked as Prince Harry and Prince William's protection officer between 1986 and 1988. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as wrong title used He then became the late Princess of Wales's personal bodyguard, working for Diana until 1993. Prince Harry himself spoke about where he feels at home at the moment in a TV interview he did with US broadcaster Hoda Kotb in April. Speaking from The Hague, where he travelled to attend the Invictus Games, Harry spoke about his meeting behind closed doors with the Queen which had happened a few days prior at Windsor Castle. He said: "I had tea with her. It was really nice to catch up with her and, you know, home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States. And it feels that way as well." Prompted to further speak about his feelings for his new home, the Duke added: "We've been welcomed with open arms. "And we've got such a great community up in Santa Barbara." Remaining on the subject, Ms Kotb added: "So you feel like that's home more for you?" To which the Duke said yes, adding it doesn't feel weird to say that. After relinquishing their status as working royals in the spring of 2020, Meghan, Harry and their son Archie Harrison spent a few weeks at producer Tyler Perry's home in Los Angeles. In the summer of 2020, they moved into their new home in the star-studded neighbourhood of Montecito, in Santa Barbara. Among their neighbours, Meghan and Harry count singer Katy Perry, actor Orlando Bloom and TV presenter Oprah Winfrey. The Duke and Duchess launched their new organisation, Archewell, in late 2020. It comprises two production powerhouses - Archewell Audio and Archewell Productions - pivotal for their work with Spotify and Netflix and a non-profit branch, the Archewell Foundation. The foundation has partnered up with several associations and charities focused on a range of issues including fighting misinformation, supporting communities and providing Covid vaccine across the world. It has also financially supported organisations the Duke and Duchess of Sussex believe in through non-profit grants. Meghan and Harry's advocation for Afghan refugees in the wake of the withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan last summer and their "generous financial support" to the Human First Coalition through their foundation has recently granted Archewell the Partner Organization Award.