Kirstie Allsopp, 50, was left unimpressed when a Twitter user compared her to Hitler “if he did his own crafts” after she shared a post advocating the reduction of air conditioning. Kirstie had responded to news that Spain is limiting air conditioning in public buildings in a bid to save energy and reduce gas consumption. Spain’s tourism chief explained that the energy-saving measures will ban air conditioning from being set lower than 27C in the summer.The measures will apply to public buildings such as offices, shops, bars, restaurants and public transport.She praised the initiative and wrote: “We should have been doing this already, and it should be universal.” A user, named Frankly Speaking, seemingly did not agree and took the opportunity to give Kirstie an unflattering comparison. READ MORE:Sam Gannon dead: Emmerdale star dies suddenly at 31 They quipped: “If Hitler did his own crafts.”The tweet clearly riled Kirstie up and she later replied calling the user “ignorant”.She raged: “A comparison to Hitler only reveals the ignorance of the person who does it.  “Perhaps @FranklySpeakP might want to read Jonathan Freedland’s #TheEscapeArtist for a timely reminder of what Hitler really did.  Kirstie’s stance on reducing air conditioning also divided opinion among other users, including Doug who pointed out: “Air Con thermostats are a point of conflict in most offices already.”To which the Location Location Location presenter responded: “It should be against the law to go below 27. Simples.”Ralph raged: “First time I’ve ever completely disagreed with you. We don’t need more authoritarianism in our lives. Telling us what temperature we’re allowed to keep our buildings is insane and I’m surprised anyone thinks it’s ok.” Chris also aimed a dig at the TV star when he remarked: “Have you got your World Economic Forum membership approval yet Kirsty?” DON'T MISSUlrika Jonsson blasts ‘arrogant' Rebekah Vardy’s ‘plea for sympathy'[LATEST]Victoria Beckham ‘fears losing Brooklyn amid rift with Nicola Peltz’[INSIGHT]James Jordan says he prefers wife Ola 'when she's smaller'[NEWS] To which Kirstie sarcastically corrected his spelling: “It’s ie.”However, another user named Julian was on Kirstie’s wavelength and said: “Achieving 27 with aircon is more comfortable as the humidity will be much lower than a 27 we might have had recently.”In a separate tweet, Kirstie hit out at those criticising her and referred to her own experience visiting people’s homes.She ranted: “And PS for those throwing their toys out of the pram at the horror of heating less or cooling less, it says public buildings not homes. “The irony is that the coldest ‘home’ I’ve ever been into was Highgrove, people brought up in big houses never got used to a cosy home.”The follow-up only angered the Twittersphere more and several others took to the comments to scrutinise Kirstie.An unnamed user said: “Unfortunately, I wouldn't know the deprivation of being brought up in... Highgrove. Must have been terrible.And Halsey added: “But they do get to fly in private Jets whenever they want - while the rest of the population is told not to take planes on holiday/save the planet etc etc.”