Formula One fans were left stunned as a man was seen flying through the air just hours before qualifying. The stuntman was seen standing on a flying device as he hurtled next to famous corners such as Eau Rouge and down the Kemmel Straight.  Following below was an old F1 car as the two appeared to be having a race down the long straight. The display was conducted by French inventor Franky Zapata who started his run at the La Source corner but social media videos caught him around most of the circuit. Speaking on social media ahead of his flight, Zapata said: “I've done a lot of challenges from zero to 400 metres or with a u-turn. This is an area in which I feel comfortable with the flyboarder. “It accelerates very fast and turns very well. On the other hand, over long distances, such as here, with a very huge top speed, I don’t go beyond 200m/h. So it can be complicated. It’s always a pleasure to fly here. I love flying on F1 circuits.The view is amazing. READ MORE: F1 stewards clarify grid penalty error after Max Verstappen penalised  “Of course I don't have much time to admire the view. I have to stay focus on my turns. The flyboarder requires a lot of concentration. But the circuit is magnificent, the scenery is exceptional.” Zapata has some experience after having flown around the Spa-Francorchamps circuit in 2019. He unfurled a French flag during his trio three years ago in tribute to Anthoine Hubert who was killed in an F2 race over the Belgian GP weekend in 2019. Zapata has also flown around Paul Ricard ahead of the French Grand Prix and Le Mans ahead of the famous 24 hour race. He has also featured before Le Mans Moto GP events to thrill fans. DON'T MISSToto Wolff responds to claims Max Verstappen 'psyching everyone out' [COMMENT]McLaren boss Zak Brown fires shots at Otmar Szafnauer in Piastri row [INSIGHT]F1 stewards clarify grid penalty error after Max Verstappen penalised [ANALYSIS] The Frenchman has also made the first-ever successful Channel crossing with a jew powered flyboard back in 2018. He took off near Calais and landed in Dover just 22 minutes later, reaching speeds of up to 106mph. He had to refuel the device halfway through the crossing by switching backpacks. However, his first attempt at crossing the Channel failed after he fell into the sea. Qualifying is wide open after Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc were handed grid penalties for taking on new engine components. It hands an advantage to their teammates Sergio Perez and Carlos Sainz as well as Mercedes who have not won a race so far this season.