There looks to be some very interesting characters in this year's line-up of celebrities, we will all have our favourites but I cannot wait to see Matt Goss, Jayde Adams, Ellie Simmonds and Tony Adams. It really is the best show on TV, even just hearing the theme music gets me excited. I love everything about it. It is fantastic to see the celebrities going on a journey every Saturday night and you feel like you really get to know them. And remember, keep dancing! Here we go again, that orange ball starts to appear too often in the sky in what is called "summer" and you can guarantee a hosepipe ban, says Martin Berry from Winsford, Cheshire. What happens to the months of rain that we have in the North-West? Why is it left to go to waste? Until the water companies get their act together, individuals may treat the news of impending doom with a wry smile and just enjoy the summer while it lasts.   It certainly pays to have friends in high places. With obscene profits, energy companies were invited to Downing Street for talks, says Mike Trembeth from Plymouth. The outcome is more co-operation, whatever that means. There has never been a better time in the national interest to nationalise this industry and demonstrate that your friends do not always give you what you want.  Rishi Sunak has built his own swimming pool, which is reported will cost £13,000 a year to heat, says Keith Woods from Manchester. Near to his home, Richmond swimming pool is under threat of closure. If it does close, will he allow his Northallerton constituents to dip into his pool? Sunak does not understand the suffering of many thousands. Despite all his rhetoric, he does not give a damn.  Back in the late 1960s when I joined the Hertfordshire Constabulary, we had pages of definitions to learn on our 13-week training course, says John Hopper from Higham Ferrers, Northants. The one for Constable read, "A police constable is a citizen, locally appointed, with authority under the Crown for the protection of life and property, the maintenance of order and the prevention and detection of crime." How times have changed. 