Chelsea have reportedly offered Frenkie de Jong a £15.5million per year to join the club from Barcelona. Stamford Bridge is currently a hive of transfer activity with the club working on deals for the Dutchman, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Josko Gvardiol as Todd Boehly looks to make a huge statement before Thursday’s deadline. De Jong has been at the centre of much transfer speculation during the summer after it originally looked likely that the Netherlands international would reunite with former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag at Manchester United. However, the move eventually fell through with the 25-year-old reluctant to leave Barcelona without receiving around £17m of unpaid wages, while he also found the prospect of playing at Old Trafford unattractive given United’s on-field struggles. This opened the door for Chelsea to pursue a move for the 44-time capped international, with Thomas Tuchel keen to add to his midfield options. The club now appears to have directly approached the player with Gerard Romero reporting on his Twitch channel that the Blues have offered the player an annual salary of £15.5m. It remains to be seen whether this will be enough to convince the player to make the move to the Premier League while the west London side would also have the difficult task of agreeing a deal with Barcelona in order to bring him to Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Liverpool offer for Caicedo to be laughed off after Potter comment The development is the latest of Boehly’s big statement moves before deadline day. Chelsea are believed to be close to confirming a £70m deal for Leicester defender Wesley Fofana with the Frenchman currently in America completing a medical. Josko Gvardiol is also believed to be close, with the Blues in advanced talks with RB Leipzig for the player. The bid is believed to be around £77m however he will not join until 2023. If the deals are completed Chelsea’s summer spending will reach £239m on defenders alone with Marc Cucurella and Kalidou Koulibaly being joined by the rumoured duo. The expenditure is a clear statement of intent from new owner Boehly. DON'T MISS...Scott Parker brutally sacked by Bournemouth after 9-0 Liverpool lossAntony could renew bitter feud with Liverpool star at Man UtdLiverpool team news: Predicted XI vs Newcastle with two changes The club are still likely to spend even more too, with Tuchel still keen to be reunited with his former Borussia Dortmund star Aubameyang. It is clear the team are lacking a top-quality striker with Armando Broja the only out and out No 9 in the squad and usually left on the bench. It looks set to be a busy 48 hours at Stamford Bridge as Tuchel and Boehly work together on the final ingredients for their squad before the window slams shut at midnight on Thursday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here