Manchester United and Chelsea are said to be monitoring developments over Jamie Vardy's Leicester future - but it looks as though they're running out of time if either club wants to sign the veteran striker this summer. Brendan Rodgers has confirmed the Foxes are keen to sign Vardy to a new contract and have opened talks on the matter. The 35-year-old, who has 133 Premier League goals in 270 appearances and scored 17 times last season, sees his current contract at the King Power Stadium expire in 12 months' time. But Rodgers has said talks are underway to tie Vardy down for an extra season. The Leicester manager said of his ruthless finisher: "There's talks going on behind the scenes about Jamie. But there's nothing definite, as yet. We would love him to stay. He's still sharp. "He's still going to influence games. Hopefully, between his representatives and the club we will find a solution. If Jamie remains fit and available then I don't think he will be too far off that mark [the 17-goal tally he hit last season]. If you look at the fitness tests he's done, he's still very fit and strong. MUST READ: Man Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy transfer "If you have a look at the goals he's scored in pre-season, he's working hard. He's still got that speed and sharpness to get away. It's filling in the space around him to make sure there are people close enough to connect the game for him. But 25 yards out he's a master finisher. "When he arrives in those areas I'm pretty sure he will continue to score. He's still got that sharpness and that speed. Until then he will time those runs and it's up to us to service them. But his eyes light up when the competition starts. And I know if he stays fit, he will score goals." Rodgers' comments come after it emerged, per 90min, that both United and Chelsea had asked to be kept informed of Vardy's situation. But a deal seems unlikely if discussions between the player and Leicester are underway. DON'T MISS...Chelsea confident of signing Wesley Fofana as Boehly prepares new bidManchester United may be about to sign another Ighalo for Ten HagTottenham boss Conte dropped double transfer hint in Southampton win If either club want to sign Vardy, they will need to act extremely quick. Even an offer that would pay him more money at Leicester might be unlikely to pull him away, unless the frontman's minutes at Leicester dwindle, though he seems to remain a major player for the Foxes as it stands. Vardy turned down a £20million move to Arsenal to sign a new Leicester contract in 2016. He has played for the Midlands outfit since May 2012 when he joined from Fleetwood, then a non-league club, for £1m. Since then, the 2015-16 Premier League Player of the Year - who also shared the Golden Boot in 2019-20 - has scored 164 goals for the club and won the Championship title, the Premier League and the FA Cup. His ties to Leicester mean it is considered likely he stays, although any breakdown in talks could allow United or Chelsea to swoop.