To spell it out in terms everyone can understand: inflation last week went above 10 per cent for the first time in 40 years; energy bills will rocket by £3,000; wages are down, in real terms, by three per cent; mortgages are set to soar and become unaffordable for many; the NHS does not have enough ambulances in some parts of the country and not enough doctors in others; somehow we uniquely manage to have deluges of rain while being told we cannot use hosepipes and must watch our lawns wither; and if you're foolish enough to go swimming in the river or sea you are as likely to get a mouthful of sewage as you are seaweed. And I did not even mention the £1trillion state spending budget, record debt and the fact the nation is staring at an autumn of anguish courtesy of a welter of strikes. In short, an economic avalanche with the power to cut a devastating swathe across much of the UK appears to be building. People are rightly anxious and many are crying out for help. All of which makes the behaviour of the Government - or rather lack of it - close to criminal. It is as inexplicable as it is unforgivable that the Conservatives are locked in a seemingly endless nationwide beauty contest between two leaders, who also seem happy to knock lumps out of each other, leaving the party split by divisions that could take decades to put right and cost them the next election. Suddenly, the most successful democratic political party on the planet with an enviable track record of winning seem as impressive as Man United on a bad day. Chillingly, everyone seems to recognise this unfortunate truth - except for them. Conservative peer and retail wizard Lord Rose, who is chairman of Asda and ran Marks & Spencer in its most recent glory days, continued the nautical theme. "Nothing is happening," he said. "The captain of the ship is on shore leave. Nobody is in charge." In fairness, blaming Boris Johnson shows a lack of understanding of the situation.   While the move to force cyclists to have insurance, registration plates and abide by speed limits is laudable, it is doomed to failure. How many times have you witnessed cyclists openly flouting the rules of the road in front of police officers in their cars and vans - and yet no action being taken? Particularly if you live in a major town or city. So the idea police will go haring off after someone without a number plate is candidly, nuts. They do not even seem to bother to clamp down on illegal scooter users. This does not, however, excuse the reaction from many in the pro-cycling lobby who posted a series of pictures on social media showing bicycles with absurdly placed, wide registration plates. They need to remember, irresponsible cyclists have caused fatalities as well as many injuries to innocent pedestrians. A note of respect surely would not go amiss.  That famously publicity-shy couple Prince Harry and Meghan will be gracing us with their presence next month. Hard as it is, try to contain your excitement. They will be supporting "several charities close to their hearts" but the Sussexes have no plans to see the Cambridges, William and Kate. Apparently, the fall-out from that "interview" with Oprah Winfrey - in which any chance of a tough or follow-up question was not even remotely indulged - continues to fester. In a little over a week it will have been 25 years since their mother, Princess Diana, was tragically killed in Paris. You can only wonder at the level of distress this seemingly insoluble feud would have caused her. If for that reason alone, could they just try to broker a peace?  Many of you will not need reminding that the last few days of last week were travel write-offs as public transport strikes were mounted yet again. It was all so drearily predictable. The union leaders blamed the management, the bosses blamed the unions and the picket lines sprung up across the country. Meanwhile, we the weary passengers were left to suffer and, in this weather, simmer. Equally predictable was the response from the Government. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, right, bemoaned the "Luddite" trade unions and promised to tackle them with tough new legislation. Just as he did in June. And in July. And again last week. This "tough talking" is, in truth, posturing tosh. Disputes are settled by dialogue, not behaving like some crazed demagogue.  Recruiting at the RAF has reportedly been hit by a drive to suspend the hiring of white males and instead pursue female candidates and those from ethnic backgrounds. While there are many trades and industries where this is not only laudable but also necessary - think law, policing, finance - the military cannot be expected to indulge in this social engineering, however desirable. It is not wrong to want the person in control of a Typhoon fighter jet travelling to possible conflict at more than 1,500mph to be the best pilot and there on their abilities, rather than having ticked the right boxes.  That TV show many are talking about, Marriage, is on tonight. Most critics have hailed it as a mini marvel. Others as pure tedium.While I'm with those in the latter category, one thing is undeniable. Why does the truly ghastly music at the start and end have to be so bloody loud? That alone would break up the most loving of couples. 