Steven Gerrard believes Chelsea and Manchester United would be signing a player similar in quality to Fabinho or Rodri should they complete a deal for West Ham midfielder Declan Rice next summer. The Aston Villa boss heaped praise on Rice ahead of his side's clash with the Hammers on Sunday amid reports Chelsea and United remain keen on acquiring the England star in the near future. Rice has emerged as one of the Premier League's most revered midfielders in recent seasons and his consistently influential displays have even seen comparisons drawn to Liverpool legend Gerrard. However, ahead of Sunday's meeting with Rice's West Ham, the Villa boss played down suggestions he and the Hammers skipper are cut from the same cloth, while insisting the 23-year-old is up there with Liverpool's Fabinho and Manchester City's Rodri as one of the Premier League's "top" defensive midfielders. “Declan and I are very different midfielders," Gerrard said. “I don’t think it’s right to compare Declan to myself, Paul Scholes, Frank Lampard or blah, blah, blah. I’ll probably have a joke with Declan about this, but I think he’s got a little bit to go. “He’s defensive-minded: I obviously played that position a lot. I think he’s a real specialist as a connector, as someone who breaks up the play. JUST IN: Liverpool have 'two-man shortlist' including ace recommended to United “He’s a real specialist in that position, he’s probably right up there with the top ones at that job – your Fabinhos and Rodris – Declan Rice deserves to be in that company for sure. I was very different – very different at his age and a very different player.” Having seen his profile soar in recent seasons, Rice has been hotly tipped to depart West Ham and take the next step up in his career. The likes of Chelsea and United have been heavily linked with prising the England international away from east London, but amid talk of a transfer fee exceeding £100million, the pair's interest has stagnated somewhat this summer. However, both the Blues and the Red Devils are expected to return for Rice in 12 months' time when West Ham's asking price will likely have dropped in value given the midfield will be another year closer to the conclusion of his contract. Rice's current deal is set to expire in the summer of 2024, but West Ham hold the option of extending it by a further year. With Fabinho having asserted himself as one of the Premier League's most influential midfield enforcers in recent years, Rice will no doubt be flattered to have drawn such comparisons. It seems an epic transfer tug-of-war awaits next summer.