 Attendance Allowance is a benefit administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) for those over the state pension age which is currently 66 years. It is designed to help people with the additional costs that arise from having a long-term health condition or illness. Britons can spend the money however they choose in order to help them stay independent and in their own home for longer.     The DWP states that the support does not include or cover the cost of mobility needs. It’s paid at two different rates and how much somebody gets depends on the “severity” of their condition. Pensioners will be able to get £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. Overall, a state pensioner who is suffering from a severe health condition or illness would get a maximum of £247.40 or £369.60 each month. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out     To be eligible for the lower rate, a person should require frequent help or supervision during the day or supervision at night. For the higher rate, a person must require help or supervision for both the day and night. People who are terminally ill are automatically eligible to receive the higher rate. According to the Government department, someone is eligible for Attendance Allowance if they “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”.    On top of this, people must have required help for at least six months to be eligible for the extra money. If someone’s health condition or illness changes dramatically, claimants have a responsibility to inform the DWP as this could affect how much they get. Attendance Allowance is not means tested and is tax-free. This means that people can receive it regardless of their savings or income, and it is also exempt from the Benefit Cap so someone can’t have money taken away from any other benefits. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments      In fact, People may be able to claim further benefits if they claim Attendance Allowance. This can include help with council tax by getting "Council Tax Reduction" assistance. According to Citizen’s Advice, even if someone was already getting a reduction in their council tax, they may be able to get even more if they claim Attendance Allowance. People could also claim extra pension credit as well as Universal Credit if someone lives with a partner under the state pension age.      Citizens Advice stated that it would be worth applying even if they have been refused in the past because they have earned too much. Britons won’t be able to get Attendance Allowance if they already get Personal Independence Payment (PIP) or Disability Living Allowance (DLA) to pay for their care. As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, campaigners are reminding Britons to check what extra benefits they may be entitled to. Around £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year in the UK so people should use the Government benefits tool to check what they may be entitled to.    