Chelsea have been warned off signing Wesley Fofana in the latest of a longline of transfer setbacks this summer with Brendan Rodgers stating the central defender is not for sale. Chelsea have already missed out on Jules Kounde, Matthijs de Ligt and Raphinha this summer. Big money has been spent on Kalidou Koulibaly, Raheem Sterling and Marc Cucurella to bolster Thomas Tuchel's first-team options. But the Chelsea boss is still looking to bring in more defensive recruits with both Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger leaving. Cucurella has been tipped to fill in either as a left-sided central defender or as a back-up to Ben Chilwell as a wing-back. With both Koulibaly and Thiago Silva as the main recognised central defenders available to Tuchel, he's in need of some youthful impact in the squad. Fofana has been identified as the next top target after moves for Kounde and De Ligt failed. Chelsea have now made two offers for Fofana in their attempt to agree a fee with Leicester.  The second was reportedly said to be a world-record bid for a central defender. But Rodgers insists that it still isn't anywhere near what Leicester's owners want for the highly-rated 21-year-old. “There was two, but nowhere near what the club would consider," he said. "We’re not looking to sell. "Naturally if there’s interest from other clubs, that is looked at by the club. He’s a top young defender and there are not too many around his age.”  Reports have indicated that Chelsea will try again with a third and final bid before the transfer window closes. But Tuchel is now running out of time to bring in a defensive player with just over two weeks left of the transfer market being open. Cesar Azpilicueta played in a back three alongside Silva and Koulibaly last week with Chilwell and Reece James playing as the wing-backs. Cucurella then came on for his debut as he slotted in on the left flank and showed his attacking flair in nearly providing an assist for Sterling. But Tuchel was forced to re-jig his defensive unit in the second half with Trevoh Chalobah an unused substitute and the only other recognised centre-half on the bench. 