Queen Elizabeth, age 96, is currently on her annual summer holiday at her estate in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is tradition for the monarch to do a military inspection at Balmoral Castle to begin her summer vacation, but Buckingham Palace has revealed the welcoming ceremony will not happen this year.  Last week, it was announced that the Queen would not be holding the usual welcoming ceremony at Balmoral Castle, but will hold a small event inside the castle grounds that neither the media nor the public can attend. Buckingham Palace has said the private ceremony was “in line with adapting Her Majesty’s schedule for her comfort”. As Scotland’s Colonel-in-Chief of the Royal Regiment, she would usually attend a welcoming ceremony to inspect a Guard of Honour from the Royal Regiment of Scotland. It is tradition for the Queen to travel to Balmoral Castle for a summer vacation. The Scottish castle has been a private retreat for the royal family for over 150 years since Prince Albert purchased the castle for the Queen’s great-grandmother Queen Victoria.  Last summer was the first time the Queen had travelled and taken her holiday at Balmoral since the death of Prince Philip. The Queen also took part in the welcoming ceremony last year and was reunited with Lance Corporal Cruachan IV, a shetland pony which is the Royal Regiment’s mascot. The black shetland pony is famously known for his cheeky behaviour, as he has attempted to eat the Queen's flower bouquet before and has even tried to bite Prince Harry’s fingers when he visited Edinburgh in 2018. A royal source has told The Mirror: “The traditional welcome to Balmoral is normally cemented in the Queen’s calendar and something Her Majesty really enjoys, being able to greet locals who travel to see her. “It’s a bitter disappointment the ceremony will not take place in its traditional form.”  READ MORE: Royal Family looks back at fan favourite Platinum Jubilee moment   The Queen has missed several royal events this year, as most recently she did not attend the Commonwealth Games. Prince Charles went instead to represent the monarchy and also recently replaced the Queen at the State Opening of Parliament, the first time in 59 years that the Queen has missed the ceremony. Last month, Buckingham Palace reduced and even removed some of the Queen’s official appointments, which marked the first time in at least a decade the Palace has amended the Queen’s duties. However, the palace has said this is not a “drastic” change for the monarch but instead is a small post-Jubilee update. In June, the Queen celebrated 70 years on the throne and attended several Platinum Jubilee events. However, Her Majesty did not appear at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. At the time, Buckingham Palace said the Queen did not attend as she experienced “some discomfort” during the Jubilee celebrations.  DON'T MISS:Harry memoir to be ‘most devastating royal release’ since Diana book [REVEAL]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [REPORT]Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle [INSIGHT] Last year, Buckingham Palace said the Queen is experiencing “episodic mobility problems” in response to the Queen missing certain royal events. In February this year, the 96-year-old monarch also tested positive for Covid, which left her “very tired and exhausted”. It seems the Queen has earned a well-deserved break this summer, but unfortunately, Her Majesty will be forced to interrupt her holiday to meet Britain’s new Prime Minister. It is tradition for the Queen to hold a private meeting when a new leader is elected as they must officially ask to form a government in her name. The Queen will also meet with Boris Johnson as he must give her his resignation to step down as ongoing Prime Minister. 