The Tory leadership favourite is toying with taking the "nuclear" option by cutting the levy from 20 per cent to 15 per cent to help millions of struggling households. It comes after the announcement that the annual price cap for gas and electricity will jump to £3,549 from October for the typical user. To make matters worse there is a warning that the UK is facing the prospect of power blackouts this winter. London Energy Consulting chief executive David Cox said the pricecap mechanism was "not protecting consumers in any way". He warned of possible cuts, saying: "If we have a cold winter, colder than average, we are in serious, serious problems". Estimates show a five per cent cut in VAT, the largest ever reduction, would save the average household more than £1,300 a year. Officials believe it would also protect businesses from collapsing and could come alongside more targeted measures to help the worstoff with energy bills.  The Institute for Fiscal Studies said the move would cost the Treasury £3.2billion a month, or £38billion for a year. A source said that Ms Truss "will consider options to help people" but it is unlikely to include direct support. Rival Rishi Sunak's team criticised the plan as expensive and "incredibly regressive". A source close to Ms Truss's discussions said the Treasury had talked about then-premier Gordon Brown's approach at the time of the 2008 financial crisis when it looked as though consumer confidence was falling. They added: "They are talking about the last big economic shock that hit the whole economy and consumers in 2008, and the Treasury's response to that." Mr Brown announced a yearlong cut in VAT from 17.5 per cent to 15 per cent in December that year in response to the crisis. Foreign Secretary Ms Truss and ex-Chancellor Mr Sunak have been under growing pressure to say how they will help the millions of Britons struggling with record energy prices and inflation.  Other possibilities being considered by Ms Truss include extending the 5p cut in fuel duty beyond March. She could also resume help for businesses that was seen during the worst of the pandemic, such as a larger reduction in VAT for hospitality, tourism and agriculture. She is also said to be considering lifting the personal tax-free allowance, raising the point at which people pay the 40 per cent rate of tax, and cutting the basic tax rate below the current 20 per cent. Mr Sunak insists that help with energy bills should be directed at low-income households and pensioners, delivered through the welfare system, winter fuel and cold weather payments. The latest predictions from energy consultancy Cornwall Insight are that the price cap will breach £6,600 in April.  It prompted calls for more government help directed at the most vulnerable, but Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi warned that even those on higher salaries could struggle in the months ahead. He said those on £45,000 a year may also need support to pay their energy bills. Consultant Mr Cox said: "We're going to be short of gas in Europe for this winter. That will drive prices potentially even higher. "Not only that, we might be short of gas to the extent that we have blackouts, we don't have enough gas to burn to make electricity, and that is a serious problem the Government are glossing over at the moment." He said that the North Sea supplies about 40 per cent of the UK's gas, leaving the UK to import the remainder of its supply. However, Mr Cox said shortages in Europe meant the UK would not be able to turn there and could instead have to import supplies from countries further afield, such as the US and Qatar. The analyst said that 40 per cent of UK electricity came from gasfired generation, adding: "If we don't get that gas the lights will go out and we will have power cuts." 