Tesco shoppers have slammed the supermarket for its plans to remove the number of staffed checkouts available in some of its stores. The retailer wants to remove these with more self-checkouts, even though many customers have said they won’t be using them. Following trials of a new self-checkout designed for trolleys, Tesco will be introducing more self-checkouts to its stores. The retailer said a “lack of customer demand” for traditional checkouts meant that it will be slowly getting rid of them. IGD (Institute of Grocery Distribution) insights analyst Bryan Roberts said the closure of manned tills would enable Tesco to make space for other products in its branches. It could also save on staff costs, according to Grocery Insight chief executive Steve Dresser. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says He said: “Stores are moving to dedicated checkouts rather than manned checkouts that sit empty. “[Tesco’s decision] would make sense given Asda has done the same and we know self-service and scan as you shop has grown post-Covid.” However, some shoppers are unimpressed by the move, taking to social media to claim they will refuse to use self-checkouts if installing more of them means that existing staff will lose their jobs. Twitter user @mad_musings53 wrote: “Chef at work today was telling me he was moaning at the checkout at Tesco about all the self-checkouts now. Staff are actively asking customers to boycott them. If enough people don’t use them they will be ripped out and manned tills will replace them.” DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] User @economics21st commented: “I hate the self-checkouts; always go to a person manning a till, say “hello”, and maybe have a short conversation. And they put the shopping through efficiently.” User @pipedog21 wrote: “I was at the supermarket today and it seemed like more people were using the tills than the self serv which was great to see!” Yvonne O’Connell said: “Never used a self-checkout in any shop...don’t care how long the queue is l don’t work there so l expect to be checked out by a human.” User @suffolkroyal wrote: “I’ve never used them. I’d rather stand in a queue for ten minutes than use them. And from the amount of people who queue with me, it’s clear I’m not the only one.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare User @kharpy99 said: “I have always refused to use them, explaining to staff that I’m trying to save their jobs.” User @welsh_hero wrote: “Let’s all stand together and boycott the self service.” Annette Donnelly added: “I never use them because they rob the jobs of the workers.” User @cc56zztg4p tweeted: “Tesco are also heavily pushing the card only tills. Another reason to boycott them! Customer service is a thing of the past in their shops.” Mr Dresser of Grocery Insight said fewer manned tills may make customers “feel forced into self-service options”. However, a Tesco spokesperson said staff would “always be on hand” to help customers and would “continue to operate attended checkouts so that customers can choose the option they prefer”. The retailer added that the bagging areas in the new trolley-accessible self-service checkouts were three times as long as those in standard self-service checkouts. Therefore this would allow for up to six bags to be packed at once.