For there is no doubt that a well funded Rejoin campaign is in full swing blaming everything on Brexit. It is Project fear 2.0. Sewage in rivers has nothing to do with Brexit or the EU, holiday traffic queues were a French phenomenon, strikes are homegrown and politically motivated, the NHS is a socialist state within a state, desperately in need of reform, but not because of Brexit. Delayed by endless lockdowns, Post Brexit Britain has every opportunity now to fly given the right leadership - Liz Truss springs to mind - and the greatest danger is that people are beaten down by the endless gloom promulgated in the broadcast media and we talk ourselves into a recession. The truth is that our economy is weathering the post pandemic global storm, well compared to the EU or the USA. Germany is a basket case, its exports have collapsed, the Euro is at parity with the dollar and it is propping up a teetering EU banking system. We have signed more and better trade deals than the EU and by contrast our exports are up, those to the EU are ironically at record levels. Not surprisingly UK unemployment is very low and still we have yet to benefit from the post Brexit opportunities which Ms Truss is promising to deliver: tax cuts for people and business, deregulation, investment in infrastructure. These are all the things that will deliver economic growth, prosperity and jobs, the growth upon which everything else depends, especially our public services like police, healthcare and defence. Crucially it has at least been recognised that the cost of living crisis triggered by energy prices has largely been caused by an over jealous pursuit of Net Zero. Bills so far have been driven by green levies and taxes to fund uneconomic, high cost renewables. Bills to come at the mercy of dictators in Russia and China as we had cut off our own ample supplies of energy. At last we will start to deliver British Natural Shale gas and North Sea supplies so as to make us energy self sufficient at low cost on our journey to Net Zero. Shale gas costs less than quarter of wind and we have decades of supply, maybe a hundred years worth. Britain will be one of the best placed economies in the world. With this bright outlook we may yet avoid a recession even if others do not. Our new PM will have a big job in her first hundred days, in the teeth of opposition from Whitehall, Parliament and parts of the media. She will need to be be resilient in the face of undoubted adversity. But everything she needs to make our country great is readily available: natural resources, scientific prowess, enterprise and hard work, it just needs to be released and incentivised. The future is bright, do not be fooled by the nay sayers. John Longworth is Chairman of the Independent Business Network of family businesses. He was formerly DG of the British Chambers of Commerce and Conservative MEP. 