Eddie Hearn is keen to make Anthony Joshua vs Tyson Fury in the future and has gone on record multiple times to suggest that it would be the biggest fight in world boxing. But the Matchroom Boxing promoter is aware of how difficult fights of this magnitude can be to make and expects there to be a lot of back and forth in negotiations. During a recent appearance on the Happy Hour podcast, Hearn admitted that he anticipates both men will squabble over small things such as dressing rooms and ring walks due to their keen dislike of each other. But has revealed what he will say if it ever comes down to it. “If you asked me right now, who’s the best heavyweight in the world, I would say Tyson Fury. Pains us to say it but that’s facts,” said Hearn. “At the moment, on paper Tyson Fury’s the best heavyweight in the world. If AJ beats Usyk, it’s arguable you know, but like again, you get to a point, I think as they get older it’s easier, I think people just go ‘oh look, who cares’ AJ’s got in a position before when walk-in second and he’s actually one of them that goes ‘I don’t care, I just want to fight.’” JUST IN: Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk 'talks' emerge ahead of Anthony Joshua showdown “But, when two people don’t like each other, no one wants to give an inch and it’s so frustrating like you know, it could be the changing rooms on the night ‘I want first choice of changing room’ are you f*****g joking? You’re getting 100 mil, shut up! Get changed in the car park!” Fury recently retired from the sport in April after stopping Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium but has since teased a comeback to face the winner of Oleksandr Usyk and Joshua for the undisputed heavyweight crown. It is understood that ‘The Gypsy King’ is keener to square off against ‘AJ’ but is open to the idea of a showdown with Usyk as well. MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua tipped to get 'bashed up' by Usyk as two rivals give their take Tate makes mind-boggling offer to Paul in response to fight call-out  Anthony Joshua warned he 'won't hear final bell' as video of 'huge' Oleksandr Usyk emerges  A two-fight deal between Joshua and Fury has been agreed upon in principle since June 2020 with negotiations reportedly nearing completion in March 2021. But dreams were shattered when a judge in the US court ruled that Deontay Wilder was owed a third fight with the Mancunian while the final nail was put in the coffin when Usyk beat Joshua. However, the Watford powerhouse now has the opportunity to avenge his loss and set up the all-British showdown that boxing fans are so desperate to see. Should he overcome the odds on August 20, then he will undoubtedly face Fury for an opportunity to become the first undisputed heavyweight champion of the four-belt era – providing negotiations go smoothly that is.