Rishi Sunak’s supporter Mel Stride hit out at Liz Truss’s tax plans to tackle the current cost of living crisis and accused the leadership contender of “flying blind” with the British public. He explained that her measures to fight the current crisis have not been assessed by the Office of Budget Responsibility, an independent body interested in the production of economic forecasts, and stressed the lack of an official OBR scrutiny might lead to her measures having a “serious” impact on the UK public finances. Mr Stride told LBC host Tom Swarbrick: “Liz Truss campaign I believe that are saying that there will not be any OBR forecasts produced at that time. “That’s kind of flying blind. “That means that you do all the dramatic things on tax, but you don’t actually know what the independent forecaster believes the impact will be on the public finances. “I think that’s quite a serious situation where that to come about.” He explained: “There’s an organisation called Office of Budget Responsibility and their role is to produce forecasts based around what the Chancellor of the day comes forward with in terms of new measures. “There’s a very good reason why there’s an independent body doing that because it gives reassurance particular to the international markets that lend this country huge amounts of money ay very low rates of interests. “What we know at this stage is that Liz Truss is coming forward with an emergency budget shortly after September 5th. “There will be a number of very significant measures within that plus some spending measures as well as yet undetermined”. READ MORE: Truss handed Brexit trade war threat The comments came as Rishi Sunak’s backer Conservative MP Kevin Hollinrake criticised Liz Truss’s cost of living plans and said cutting taxes, rather than a targeted support for low income households, could see people end up homeless. Speaking with Sky News, he said: “Talking about tax cuts that would help a low income household to the tune of about £1 a week and still help a household like mine to the tune of about £30 a week is simply not right. “These people are going to be on the streets. Things are going to be that bad for some households. You've got to provide that target package of support”. Mr Stride and Mr Hollinrake’s criticism came as contender Rishi Sunak’s team accused Mr Truss of wanting “to avoid independent scrutiny” by holding a budget next month without an official economic assessment from the OBR. DON'T MISS: RAF captain refused order to overlook white male candidates [WATCH]State pension warning: Widows and widowers in 'financial shock' [LISTEN]British troops urged to get ready for war against Putin  [INSIGHT] Referring to Ms Truss, Mr Sunak warned her plan would lead the country into an “inflation spiral” as in order to be implemented it would see “dangerous” levels of borrowing. Mr Sunak’s team said: “The reality is that Truss cannot deliver a support package as well as come good on £50bn worth of unfunded, permanent tax cuts in one go”. Mr Hollinrake, on the other side, praised Mr Sunak’s cost of living plan, which sees the implementation of tax cuts only when inflation is under control, and branded his strategy as “affordable” and “targeted package of support”. READ NEXT: Train strike confirmed this week - August dates in FULLFelixstowe workers strike for eight daysRussia mutiny: Troops refuse to fight as Putin gets desperateVladimir Putin faces ‘beginning of the end’Another Russian base up in smoke after explosion – Putin reeling