For a limited time, BT is offering Sky TV channels and a Netflix subscription for under a tenner. Yes, really. The mind-blowing deal is open to new and existing broadband customers (making this one of the best BT broadband deals around!) and includes the critically-acclaimed BT TV Box Pro, which can pause and rewind live television, has enough storage for 600-hours of recorded telly, supports 4K Ultra HD and HDR picture quality, and bundles access to the biggest streamers, like BBC iPlayer, Prime Video, Netflix, and more. But this BT deal also includes a subscription to Netflix (usually £6.99 per month) and a NOW Entertainment Membership (usually £9.99 per month), which includes access to the most popular Sky TV channels such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Comedy, Sky Max, Sky Crime, Sky Documentaries, and more. Bought separately, these subscriptions would cost £16.98 per month. But BT will pay the difference, offering the bundle to customers for just £9 per month. Even better, that £9 per month price will be locked in for the full duration of your contract ...so there's no need to worry about unexpected price rises! BT has even waived the upfront and postage fee, so you won't need to pay anything to have the BT TV Box Pro sent to your address. Over the course of a 24-month contract, this BT Entertainment discount will save you £192 in total. Woah. NOW, which might remember under its previous title, NOW TV, offers access to the most popular Sky TV channels over a broadband connection – so you won't need to worry about drilling a satellite dish to the outside of your home. NOW offers apps on a huge number of popular devices, including iPhone, Android, iPad, Apple TV, Fire TV, and more. You'll even be able to watch Sky Atlantic – the home of immensely-popular US dramas like Mare Of Easttown, Euphoria, Game of Thrones: House of the Dragon, Succession, The White Lotus – which isn't available to Virgin Media TV customers who pay extra to add Sky channels to their bundle. As well as watching live, the NOW Entertainment Membership includes access to on-demand boxsets of hundreds of shows. So, if you're looking for something new to watch, this is a great place to start. Of course, you'll also have access to the complete catalogue included with a Netflix subscription, all Freeview channels via the BT TV box, and any other streaming services that you'd like to watch via the set-top box, including Prime Video, BBC iPlayer, BritBox, and Disney+. Despite paying for your subscription via BT, the NOW Entertainment Membership and Netflix subscription you'll enjoy through this bundle as indistinguishable from if you'd signed up to the streamers on your own. As such, you'll be able to sign-in to Netflix and NOW apps on other platforms, like your iPad or phone, to watch on the move. If you already have a Netflix subscription, you'll be able to cancel that direct debit. That's because BT TV's Entertainment bundle includes a subscription to Netflix too, so you'll be able to watch the blockbusters and boxsets available from the streaming service. Following a price rise earlier this year, the entry-level subscription tier to Netflix costs £6.99 a month alone, so you'll be saving 99p a month by opting for the BT TV Entertainment bundle – which includes the BT TV box and NOW membership too. The BT Entertainment package is available today for new and existing BT broadband customers. The offer expires on August 25, so you should add the bundle to your basket sooner rather than later to ensure that you're paying less for your next binge-watch. Netflix recently released the final two episodes of the new season of Stranger Things. Meanwhile, Sky TV viewers can look forward to the new season of Succession later this year, but before that, the first Game of Thrones spin-off, dubbed House of the Dragon, begins later this month. MORE LIKE THIS