Seeing outdoor plants die after the time gardeners have dedicated to growing them and taking care of them is just heartbreaking. Growing plants take a lot of hard work and passion and once they die it hurts. Whether they are edible or decorative, it is always sad seeing the hard work and passion devoted to them go in vain. Therefore, gardening experts at Gardener Know How have shared several outdoor plants you can’t kill. They explained: “These plants are tough and sturdy. They can tolerate a variety of harsh conditions including heat, wind, cold weather, drought and so on. “If you want to have a garden that survives for years, you should definitely opt for one of these plants to make sure that the time you spend on gardening is not a waste of time.” Here are seven almost indestructible garden plants to add to your outdoor space. Geraniums are very popular plants that are widely desired because they are very ornamental, beautiful and come in a large variety of colours. Cranesbill geraniums are copper-bottomed plants with bright summer flowers which will cope with the sun or shade. READ MORE: How to keep your hydrangeas blooming for ‘longer’ - ‘best’ results The gardening pros noted: “Besides being extremely attractive, Geraniums are also one of the sturdiest outdoor plants that you can’t kill, at least not easily. “These plants can tolerate heat and drought and will survive the hottest summers even if you are providing them with limited water.” Petunias are one of the most colourful flowers as they come in a different range of colours including light lemon yellow, lime green, pink and many more. These plants are beautiful bloomers. They will bloom from spring to frost creating a lovely atmosphere in gardens. Although they require regular watering, the experts said that they “won’t die” if you don’t provide them with it. DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [TIPS]How to get rid of mould: Natural way to banish 'tough mould' [COMMENT] These are one of the most versatile rough plants and they come in different sizes thus their uses are different. However, they are mostly used either as ground covers or as decorative outdoor plants. The gardening pros said: “They are low maintenance plants that don’t require much care. “Water them only when they look dry and they will survive for years.” Besides being easy to grow, hostas are extremely sturdy plants. READ MORE: Fence row boils over as woman gets ultimate revenge on neighbour They can tolerate excessive heat and many other harsh growing conditions. They also have a very unique green colour, making them a great choice to add to gardens. If gardeners wish to have a low-maintenance evergreen garden, then the experts suggest that they should “definitely” grow Coralbells. They said: “They are also very useful. They are a shield against heat and cold for flowers. “These plants can grow in both sunny spots and shady spots. They are a perfect choice if you don’t have enough time to dedicate to your garden.” This plant is highly favoured by many gardeners as it has a fancy sweet look that makes it very decorative. The gardening experts said: “Many gardeners love this plant not only because it is beautiful but also because it is easy to grow and to care for. “It will also attract hummingbirds and butterflies to your garden which will make it alive.” According to the experts, verbena is “one of the best outdoor plants that you can’t kill”. They said: “This plant is really rough. It is one of the most drought tolerant plants on earth. “It can survive weeks and even months without watering.” Besides, it is also beautiful and attractive. This adorable sturdy purple plant blooms in different colours including white, pink, and purple.