Coleen Rooney is set to tell her side of the infamous Wagatha Christie trial against Rebekah Vardy as part of a three-part Disney+ documentary series. The streaming giant confirmed the news at the Edinburgh TV Festival it had won the exclusive rights to work with Wayne Rooney's wife. The series has been given the working title of Wagatha Christie as the court case was dubbed by the public. The documentary will be produced by Lorton Entertainment, the company behind ex-England footballer Wayne's 2022 documentary, Rooney. The series will take viewers from the circumstances which led to Coleen's infamous Instagram post that "broke the Internet" about Rebekah. Disney+ added it would also follow "Coleen being a successful defendant in one of the UK’s highest-profile High Court defamation cases brought against her by Rebekah". It continued: "In a story for our times, Wagatha Christie will reveal how fiercely determined and resilient Coleen had to be in order to protect her family from the challenges presented by the traditional and social media landscapes." READ MORE: Shetland fans 'work out' Jimmy Perez replacement The battle between the footballers' wives was brought to the spotlight three years ago when Coleen conducted a sting operation where she accused Rebekah of leaking private stories about her to The Sun. Rebekah, 40, has strenuously denied she ever gave the tabloid information about Coleen, 36. In the High Court earlier this summer, the judge ruled Coleen's accusation was substantially true and she effectively won the case. The case was branded the Wagatha Christie trial because of the way Coleen shared false stories on her private Instagram account to prove Rebekah was responsible for leaking the lies to the press.  The judge wrote of Rebekah's libel action: "The claim has been dismissed. The defendant succeeded in establishing that the essence of the libel was substantially true." The judge also called Coleen an honest and reliable witness when she gave evidence to the court in May. It is understood cameras had been following Coleen during the trial but she had not decided on the streaming platform she would sign with at that time. Rebekah said following the verdict she was "extremely sad and disappointed" by the decision and did not believe it "was just". DON'T MISS...Coleen Rooney denies Photoshop claims after fan fury ‘She's floating!' [LATEST]Piers Morgan aims scathing attack on Rooney over Ronaldo criticism [UPDATE]Coleen Rooney 'flabbergasted' by Rebekah Vardy 'She'll never forgive' [INSIGHT] Rebekah, who is married to footballer Jamie Vardy, broke her silence about the trial on TalkTV in an interview with journalist Kate McCann at the start of August. The mother-of-two said: "I will say that till I'm blue in the face. I did not do it. "I feel let down by a lot of people, a lot of things, but most importantly I feel let down by the legal system." Rebekah also revealed: "Being pregnant made it worse, my emotions were stronger, I had to try to protect my baby."  She claimed doctors warned her she was going to go into pre-term labour from the stress of the case and she also revealed she needed medication as she suffered anxiety attacks. Rebekah is refusing to avoid the press in the wake of the case and thanked her family for being supportive. Coleen has not been interviewed since winning the Wagatha Christie trial. Rebekah's interview can now be watched on TalkTV's YouTube channel. 