Visiting a property in Southampton, Martin Roberts said: “What a lovely place to come looking for property.The property I’m here to see certainly sounds rather intriguing. £150,000 for a one-bedroom bungalow which is described as being to the rear of another property.” Heading down the side of a property to see the one up for auction, Martin said he didn’t like the little narrow corridor you had to go down to reach the home. The bungalow was situated in a home’s garden. Upon entering, viewers got to see the inside of the bungalow. Martin said: “It’s just as uninspiring on the inside. We’ve basically got one long kind of design really. Everything’s one room, then another room, then another room.” The property had a conservatory, living room area, a kitchen which was dated as well as a bathroom and bedroom. READ MORE: Five kitchen items you ‘need’ to give your space the ‘wow factor’ The whole home needed renovating with modern appliances and paint. Martin said the bungalow would benefit from a layout change due to the bathroom being situated off of the bedroom. Outside, the home had lovely views which Martin said was “its hidden gem”. He added: “We are right on the banks of the River Itchen, so you’ve got a riverfront.” DON'T MISS:Six interior hacks to make any room feel ‘bigger and brighter’ [EXPLAINER]How to dissolve grease and grime on oven racks for £2 [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £45k value to home [VIDEO] Who purchased the property when it went to auction? With a successful online bid of £165,000, Jason managed to purchase the property. Meeting Martin at the bungalow, Jason said: “I took one look at this property and fell in love with it. I’ve been a Southampton lad my whole life, know these waters, and places like this just don’t come up.” Jason is planning to let the property out for a few years until he’s ready to put his feet up. READ MORE: Three ways to efficiently water your garden during a hosepipe ban Inside, the homeowner had planned to change the layout as well as a complete refurb inside. He also had plans to landscape the garden to make the most of the beautiful river. With a budget of £8,000 to £10,000, Jason had planned to do the work in four to six months. Homes Under the Hammer revisited five months later to see the completed work. A brand new stylish white and grey kitchen had been fitted along with new flooring and appliances. Martin said: “Jason has done a fantastic job here. Jason and his builder have addressed the layout problems by adding a few partition walls. “The route to the bathroom is no longer through the bedroom, as a new corridor provides separate access.” Jason had also given the exterior of the property a lick of paint to freshen it up. Overall, he ended up spending £8,500 on all of the work. A local estate agent visited the property to find out how much value Jason has added to the home. The expert said: “It feels like a completely different property…If I was to bring the property to the market for sale in the current climate, I would expect it to achieve around £190,000 to £200,000.” Taking that top figure, Jason has managed to boost the home’s value by a huge £35,000.