In January, Vera fans were left gutted when ITV failed to show the final two episodes of the Brenda Blethyn drama. Due to filming delays during the pandemic, fans were treated to the first two episodes of series 11 in 2021, with the second two instalments airing in January. While fans expected the final episodes to follow, they were left disappointed when Vera was replaced by Good Karma Hospital. However, bosses have finally given fans an update on why the final instalments of series 11 haven't been shown. A spokesperson confirmed to Express.co.uk the final episodes of series 11 are currently being filmed along with series 12. They will continue to air at the same time as the four episodes of series 12. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 While no official date has been confirmed, if the series follows suit, it should air in January 2023. In an interview, ITV bosses discussed when filming for the upcoming series will come to an end. A spokesperson for ITV told The Northern Echo the cast and crew are expected to wrap up filming for series 12 in Autumn. Brenda Blethyn and her onscreen sidekick Kenny Doughty, who plays Aiden Healy, have been spotted on set filming for series 12. Kenny and his co-star Riley Jones, who plays Mark Edwards, have also been sharing some snaps from behind the scenes. In his latest post, the Aiden Healy star shared a photo of a visitor on set. Posting a photo of himself lying on the floor of his trailer with a puppy, Kenny wrote: "Had a visitor today in my trailer. I may have to steal her!" In another snap, Kenny posed with DCI Stanhope's hat on his head. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [VIDEO]Question of Sport backlash as Paddy announces change to show [REACTION]Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist [SPOILERS] "The time I stole my boss’s hat," the actor joked. Brenda has played DCI Vera Stanhope since the ITV series began in 2011, and she has become a hit with fans ever since. Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) was DCI Stanhope's original sidekick before he was replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) in 2014. The pair had remained side by side ever since, and viewers love to watch their onscreen relationship blossom. It is unclear what murders Vera and Aiden will be solving in the upcoming series. However, fans have been given a glimpse into how one episode will play out. Dressed in her iconic green hat and mack, Vera could be seen looking away as a body of a man lay on the ground in front of her. In another snap, published by the Hartlepool Mail, Brenda was spotted bending over the body of a man who was found by a river. Vera is expected to air on ITV next year.