JK Rowling, 57, has taken to the micro-blogging site to comment on the stabbing of Salman Rushie, 75, who has been left with the possibility of losing an eye and unable to speak after the attack. The Harry Potter author admitted she was "feeling very sick" after hearing about the "horrifying" attack. Rowling took to Twitter in view of her 13.9 million followers to share her reaction to Salman's stabbing. Sharing a link to a news story, Rowling wrote: "Horrifying news. Feeling very sick right now. Let him be ok." Many social media users were quick to share their sadness over the news. READ MORE: Elton John, 75, clutches onto entourage as he struggles to board yacht FlintLeela said: "Right? Words have power. He said the 'wrong' thing and got cancelled. "It didn’t happen so often back then but it's the same thing. Same tactic with different oppressors." (sic) JamesBarry1289 added: "I am worried for you. I hope you and your family have all the protection money can buy, while still being able to live a happy and normal life. "Throw all the money at it, JK. Lots of love." Rowling also shared messages from fellow journalists Stephanie Merritt and Hadley Freeman who praised Rushdie's courage. Rushdie catapulted to fame with Midnight's Children in 1981, which went on to sell over one million copies in the UK alone. But it was his fourth book, 1988's The Satanic Verses which forced him to go into hiding for nearly 10 years. DON'T MISS... Monty Don addresses struggles after garden setback [COMMENT] 'Sad day' Ellen DeGeneres pens devastated tribute as Anne Heche dies [DEATH] Blake Lively puts on leggy display in tight-fitted purple dress [PICS] The book sparked outrage among some Muslims who considered its content blasphemous, due to its insulting context and the book was even banned in some countries. The Booker Prize winner was speaking at an event at New York State Police, when it was reported a male suspect ran up onto the stage and attacked Mr Rushdie and an interviewer. An Associated Press reporter witnessed a man storm the stage and begin attacking Sir Salman as he was being introduced. He fell to the floor, and the man was restrained by security. The Midnight's Children writer was later taken by air ambulance to a nearby hospital, and the suspected attacker was arrested. In a statement, New York State Police confirmed: "Rushdie suffered an apparent stab wound to the neck, and was transported by helicopter to an area hospital. [...] The interviewer suffered a minor head injury. "A State Trooper assigned to the event immediately took the suspect into custody. The Chautauqua County Sheriff’s Office assisted at the scene." His agent has since given an update on Rushdie's current state, with the possibility of him losing an eye seeming very possible. He said: "Salman will likely lose one eye; the nerves in his arm were severed; and his liver was stabbed and damaged."