The Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport has been one of Boris Johnson's closest allies after the Prime Minister was beset on all sides following a series of scandals. She has since backed Johnson-ally Liz Truss for PM in the Tory leadership race. Ms Dorries took to Twitter to denounce what she called "the most egregious abuse of power witnessed in Westminster". She said: "If this witch hunt continues, it will be the most egregious abuse of power witnessed in Westminster. "It will cast serious doubt not only on the reputation of individual MPs sitting on the committee, but on the processes of Parliament and democracy itself." However, Twitter users fired back at the minister. One told her to "shut up" while others pointed out that the Parliamentary Committee of Privileges is meant to be impartial. One user, @eelemsti, said: "Shut up girl. You’re a show."  Author Emma Kennedy pointed to a planned Lords appointment for Ms Dorries. She said: "No. Most egregious abuse of power will be putting you in the Lords. You’re welcome." Prime Minister Boris Johnson plans to elevate two MPs to the House of Lords before his time as prime Minister ends. Nadine Dorries and Nigel Adams look set to get spots in the other place. Other users compared Ms Dorries to former US President Donald Trump. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham's wife thanks dad for 'having my back' amid struggles  User @guse_guse said: "Oh dear, so reminiscent of Donald Trump! Are you truly suggesting that the Parliamentary Committee of Privileges is corrupt & should therefore not be trusted to act in an impartial manner? "That Parliament itself therefore is untrustworthy and corrupt?" Writer Tom Bacon added: "Oh dear. How dare this committee not just be composed of Johnson loyalists. "How dare they reflect the majority opinion of the public on Johnson (given the public seem to have made up their minds). How very dare they." However some users agreed with Ms Dorries, one called the parliamentary committee a "kangaroo court". DON'T MISS:Sam Gannon dead: Emmerdale star dies suddenly at 31 [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: Portugal row sees 35,000 Brits without ID cards [LIVE]Horror warning for UK beachgoers [INSIGHT]  The user, @britishalba, said: "The kangaroo court should never have been allowed to investigate this issue. The Government should have defeated Labour's pathetic motion "Once parliament returns the government should pass a new motion terminating the witch hunt in recognition the PM has resigned and draw a line." The Privileges Committee, made up of four Tory, two Labour and one SNP MPs, is tasked with investigating whether Boris Johnson deliberately misled Parliament. The committee can recommend sanctions if it finds that the Prime Minister did intentionally mislead the House. 