The fraudsters sent an email claiming that his Barclays debit card had been blocked over a £399 payment to Argos. Twitter user Tony Doc (@auldrockdad) sent an image of the email to the bank to raise the alarm. He said: “Got this email. I don't have a Barclays or Argos account. “Looks like a scam.” The bogus email was entitled ‘Argos UK Debit Card Payment Declined’ and urged the recipient to “confirm it’s you”. The email included a link to another website. Scammers often set up fake websites where victims input personal and banking details for the fraudsters to later exploit. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out  The full message from the scammers read: “(Confirm it’s you) “We have temporarily blocked your Barclays Debit Card to prevent unusual payment activity on your Debit Card to Argos UK for £399.99 GBP. “399.99 at Argos UK “399.99 at Argos was DECLINED. “If you are not aware of this transaction, please Contact Our Fraud Prevention Team immediately on 0330 390 3573. “Your Barclays Team”  Scam messages often have odd punctuation or spelling mistakes. The bank responded to the Tony and commended him for spotting the hoax message. They said in reply: “It's great to see that you're clued up when it comes to scam emails. “Please forward this to internetsecurity@barclays.co.uk and delete it from your inbox.” Barclays recently warned that scammers are taking advantage of the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments The bank said on its website: “Fraudsters will try to take advantage of the cost of living crisis and might get in contact about a range of issues affecting us all. “They might pretend to represent local councils offering financial support, energy companies, or retailers offering too-good-to-be-true discounts, or direct you to fake loan websites or offers. “The Government has recently announced a range of measures to help families with the rising cost of living. “If someone calls you pretending to be from the council and asks for your bank details so they can give you a refund, hang up. “If they text or email you, don't click on any links. Councils will never call or email asking for your bank details.” Each UK household is to receive £400 off their energy bills, over a six month period, from October. The bank also said that scammers are seeing the rise in energy costs as an opportunity to steal money from people. The group said: “If someone gets in touch about an offer for a great energy price deal or a refund, don't click on any links or give them any personal information over the phone. “Genuine companies will understand if you want to look into the offer, or call back on a number you can find on their website. “If you're looking for retail offers and discounts, be wary of offers that seem too good to be true.”