Kaye joins a whole host of Loose Women presenters who have taken part in Strictly Come Dancing as she is going to make a bid for this year's Glitterball Trophy. The news was announced at the end of Friday's instalment of the ITV chat show which saw the panellist tease throughout the episode her appearance on the BBC dance show. As the presenter gets ready to mark a milestone birthday, she has expressed how she would have "regretted" not signing up. When the news was revealed, her co-stars congratulated her, with Nadia Sawalha saying: "Is it actually you? Oh my God, I feel emotional, honestly, I can cry. "It’s amazing you can do it because let’s face it, you can’t dance, but that’s what we like to see on Strictly - somebody learns to dance. "You’re going to be incredible, you’re so funny, you’ve got the best legs in the business. I can’t wait to get home and cha cha cha with you." Kaye replied: "Actually it’s quite funny because I’m terrified, I’m absolutely terrified because as Nadia very kindly says, as a supportive friend does - ‘Let’s face it, you can’t dance’, which is true. It’s true. "I’ll be a journey [on the show]. I’ll be honest with you, I can think of a million reasons not to do this and I can still think of a million reasons not to do this." READ MORE: John Barnes slams calls to scrap taking the knee "And when these gorgeous dancers came on, I nearly exited from both ends of my body, honestly. Sorry about that," she continued. Highlighting the regret if she didn't sign up, Kaye said: "But I thought, ‘Am I going to be thinking at the end of September I wish I’d done this?’ "I’m 59, 60 at the end of this year and I was like, ‘Well, why not?’ "I’m a really competitive person and Nadia, you know that’s true but in this, I’m not. If I enjoy myself, I’ll be so happy," she concluded. In a follow-up statement, Kaye explained: "I said I wanted to make the last year of my fifties memorable and I can’t think of a better way of doing it than showing the world my two left feet. "Pray for me," she asked of her fans and viewers have been reacting to the news of the Loose Woman's signing, with Marcela writing: "Kaye is fine, rather her than Carol [McGiffin] or Denise [Welch]." Ryan added: "Those who are saying Kaye Adams will be awful and will go out first. Look at Bill Bailey and Debbie McGee and then come back to me. Both made the final with Billy winning the show. Always keep an open mind." Carolyne posted on the social media platform: "Fab can't wait, yippee for having a go. Good luck and have lots of fun!! #keepdancing2022." Janey remarked: "Really like Kaye it was a nice surprise as I must have missed the rumours. She will be great." "Go on Kaye Adams!!!! Scotland is right behind you all the way," Stephen commented ahead of the presenter making her debut on the dance floor in September. DON'T MISS...Strictly’s Kimberley Walsh backs Anton Du Beke after judge exit [COMMENT]Strictly’s Adam Peaty opens up about ‘incredibly hard time’ [COMMENT]Strictly Come Dancing star opens up on new project 'Waited so long' [COMMENT] It was reported mere hours before Kaye was revealed as the fourth contestant that she was going to be a part of the line-up. An unnamed source explained: "Kaye is a classic Strictly signing. She ticks so many boxes. She’s been keeping it a closely guarded secret for some time. "Even her own co-stars have been kept in the dark," they told The Sun. It seems Kaye will be already trained for the long hours rehearsals entail as she has spoken out on her daily routine. The presenter explained: "Most weekday mornings I’m up at 6am to do my radio show, and then it’s pretty full on from there on in." Kaye continued: "Admin, shopping and doing things for my kids dominates most of my afternoon, then it’s prep for the next day or off on a flight to London for Loose Women. "My day does tend to be divided up into time segments, with not a lot of give to be quite honest, which is probably not ideal. "I’ve always been someone who likes to keep busy, so even though the activities I’m doing may vary, I’ve worked at a pretty consistent pace for years. "I do understand, however, that it’s extremely important to slow down every now and again," the Loose Women star added. The broadcaster also told Health and Well Being where her confidence comes from, which will come in handy in the coming months. She explained: "My mum always used to say to me 'You’re only worth the price you put on your own head,' and I think she was right. "Look at all the assets you do have rather than those you don’t, and give them value. "Downplaying your abilities can be really dangerous for your self-esteem. Although it’s hard, try to brush off any negative feedback you may get as an opportunity to improve your self-worth." There will be more announcements in the coming days about who Kaye will be competing against in the fight for the Glitterball Trophy. Strictly Come Dancing returns this Autumn on BBC One. STRICTLY COME DANCING WINNERS: A TIMELINE 2004 winner: Natasha Kaplinsky Newsreader Natasha Kaplinsky was the first celebrity to win the BBC dancing series, which originally aired in July of 2004. She was partnered with Brendan Cole. They finished 39 points ahead of competitor Christopher Parker.  2004 winner: Jill Halfpenny Jill Halfpenny was the second star to impress the judges with her dancing skills. Partnered with Darren Bennett, the pair beat off competition from Julian Clary and Denise Lewis in December of 2004.  2005 winner: Darren Gough Cricketer Darren Gough won the third series of Strictly. He and partner Lilia Kopylova wowed audiences but never once finished at the top of the leaderboard.  2006 winner: Mark Ramprakash Mark Ramprakash was the fourth star to lift the Glitterball Trophy. He was partnered with Karen Hardy and they were the first couple to restart a routine after their initial attempt saw Mark’s mic get caught in Karen’s dress.  2007 winner: Alesha Dixon Before becoming a Strictly judge, Alesha Dixon won the nation’s hearts and the Glitterball Trophy during the fifth series. She was partnered with professional dancer Matthew Cutler.  2008 winner: Tom Chambers Holby City star Tom Chambers was partnered with Camilla Dallerup when he won the sixth series. He performed the Foxtrot and Salsa in the final week.  2009 winner: Chris Hollins BBC Breakfast presenter Chris Hollins and his professional partner Ola Jordan surprised viewers when they beat Ricky Whittle and his partner Natalie Lowe in the final. They wowed with the Foxtrot, Charleston, Lindy Hop and Showdance.  2010 winner: Kara Tointon Kara Tointon was the eighth celebrity to win Strictly. She danced with Artem Chigvintsev and failed to receive 40 points throughout her time on the show.  2011 winner: Harry Judd Former McFly star Harry Judd was the ninth star to lift the Glitterball Trophy. He didn’t top the leaderboard until week seven but then scored 40 points twice in the final.  2012 winner: Louis Smith The tenth series of the BBC show was won by Olympian Louis Smith. He danced his way to victory with professional partner Flavia Cacace. He faced competition from Kimberley Walsh, Denise Van Outen and Danni Harmer in the series finale.  2013 winner: Abbey Clancy Model Abbey Clancy won series eleven of Strictly alongside partner Alijaz Skorjanec. She was called a “spectacular dancer” with “wonderful posture” by former head judge Len Goodman.  2014 winner: Caroline Flack Love Island host Caroline Flack took to the dance floor in series 12 where she scooped the Glitterball Trophy with Pasha Kovalev.  2015 winner: Jay McGuiness Jay McGuiness surprised viewers when he won the thirteenth series of the BBC dancing competition with Aliona Vilani. When he learned he’d won, he told host Tess Daly: “I feel spaced out - it’s really weird.”  2016 winner: Ore Oduba Ore Oduba won the thirteenth series of the BBC dancing competition with Joanne Clifton. The sports presenter broke down in tears after beating Danny Mac and Louise Redknapp.  2017 winner: Joe McFadden Joe McFadden was victorious with professional dance partner Katya Jones. The Holby City star beat off competition from fan favourite Debbie McGee, Gemma Atkinson and Alexandra Burke.  2018 winner: Stacey Dooley Documentary-maker Stacey fought off competition to make it to the Grand Final of Strictly Come Dancing with professional dance partner Kevin Clifton last year. When they won, Kevin described her as “the most wonderful person".  2019 winner: Kelvin Fletcher Late to the Strictly Come Dancing party, Kelvin signed up after Jamie Laing was forced to pull out with an injury. But that didn’t stop the Emmerdale actor from dancing up a storm with professional partner Oti Mabuse.  2020 winner: Bill Bailey Bill Bailey helped Oti Mabuse secure her second Strictly Come Dancing win in two consecutive years. He entertained viewers and the judges with his performances each week.  2021 winner: Rose Ayling-Ellis The EastEnders actress made history when she became the first deaf contestant to compete on the BBC series and win with Giovanni Pernice. 