Chris Eubank Jr told Conor Benn "we're both delusional motherf***ers" as the pair became embroiled in a heated face-off in the first press conference ahead of their clash on October 8. The two second generation boxing superstars will go head-to-head at the O2 Arena in London, some 29 years after their fathers fought to a famous draw at Old Trafford. And the build-up got off to an explosive start as the pair publicly traded digs. In what proved an eventful occasion, Eubank Jr, 32, called out his own promoter for lying, and told Benn the bout would be a 'public execution' if he was at 100%. Both fighters are compromising their usual weight to make the bout, with Benn, 25, usually competing at welterweight whilst Eubank Jr is more at home at middleweight or super-middleweight. But a middle-ground limit of 157 pounds has been put in place, three pounds off the middleweight maximum, with huge fines in place if either fighter misses weight. However, neither seemed perturbed once they'd finished taking questions, becoming embroiled in an intense stare-down with Eubank telling Benn: "You're taller then what I thought you would be," prompting his rival to reply: "Ain't gonna make no difference mate, you know what they say about the bigger they are don't you?" JUST IN: Tyson Fury backtracks and releases new retirement statement after 'hard conversations' The hostilities continued, with Benn telling Eubank Jr it was 'mad' for him to think he could 'walk through him', with Eubank Jr justifying his bravado with: "You got to be confident though, yeah?" only to be told he was 'delusional'. "That's it, we're both delusional motherf***ers," said 'Next Gen'. Another steely stare followed, before the pair eventually separated, with 'The Deystroyer' quipping "I love the smugness though while shaking his head." DON'T MISS:John Fury to 'pressure' son Tyson amid 'sneaky feeling' Anthony Joshua beats UsykTyson Fury flies to Iceland with dad to fight Thor Bjornsson before plan goes pear-shapedOleksandr Usyk conqueror vows to make 'video' request ahead of Anthony Joshua fight  Chris Eubank Sr and Nigel Benn met twice during their distinguished careers, with the former winning first time around before their infamous battle in Manchester. But whilst Benn has been in his son's camp this time around, it remains to be seen if his former bitter rival will feature in the build-up or on the night. Eubank Jr has revealed he has not heard from his father since the fight was finalised, despite hoping to have him in his corner: "For the biggest fight of my career, he’s gone missing," he told talkSPORT.