The winners are announced at the start of each month, including two £1million jackpot prizes. The jackpot winners for the August draw included one person from Buckinghamshire, in south east England, and one bond holder from Dorset, in the south west. Provider NS&I has clarified why it may appear to people who follow the results regularly that it’s people in the south who are mostly bagging the top prizes. The group said in a frequently asked questions section on its website: “Since we introduced the £1 million jackpot prize in 1994, we’ve seen winners in every country in the UK and every county in England, as well as five winners living outside of the UK. “It may appear that the south east wins more than any other area, but that’s because there are more Bonds held there compared with the rest of the UK.” The winning bond numbers for the £1million jackpot this month are 469BR534389 and 155HJ070561. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Another 10 people won £10,000 in August, more than half of them from the midlands or the south of England. Premium Bonds work by bond holders being entered into the monthly prize draw rather than earning interest. The draw is chosen at random, although a saver has a better chance of winning if they own more bonds. People can use the nsandi.com prize checker tool and prize checker app to see if they have won. Those who have Amazon Alexa can ask the device to tell them the latest winning numbers. Britons will need to enter their Premium Bonds holder’s number to find out if they have won a prize. People who have chosen to have prizes paid to their bank account, or have their prizes reinvested, will be informed whether they have won by email or text message. NS&I now pays out more than nine in 10 prizes straight into the winner’s bank accounts, or they are automatically reinvested into more Premium Bonds. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments  The odds of a bond winning each month are 24,500 to one for every £1 bond that a person has invested. Most of the prizes released each month are for £25. Britons are urged to check if they have won anything as there is an estimated £74million left in unclaimed Premium Bond prizes. A person must invest at least £25 in the bonds, which can be purchased online, over the phone or by post. Money to buy bonds can be paid in from another NS&I account. There are no penalties for people who need to take out cash from the Government-backed scheme. NS&I has introduced two-factor authentication to improve security when a person accesses their account. Savers logging on will be required to enter the code on the screen, follow the steps, and then that browser or device will be registered as trusted.