Ellie Simmonds OBE, 27, is best known for being a Paralympic swimmer and broadcaster. At the age of 13, she was the youngest British athlete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and won gold medals in the 100m and 400m freestyle events. She was announced on Sunday morning as the latest confirmed name to be joining the dancefloor on BBC favourite Strictly Come Dancing, which will launch next month for series 20. She commented: “Oh my gosh!! I’m literally bursting with excitement!! "It’s been soooo hard keeping this secret as I’ve wanted to tell everyone. "I’m going on Strictly Come Dancing!! I’m a tad nervous too, well more than a tad… I’m absolutely petrified! "To be asked to be part of the Strictly family is just so exciting and I cannot wait, it’s going to be so much fun." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery She added: "I’m counting down the minutes until it starts; learning to dance, meeting my partner and everyone else involved in the show. "Plus wearing the sequins and all that, It’s going to be a blast. "I’ve been watching Strictly from as far back as I can remember; it’s a traditional lead-up to Christmas with my family and it’s a genuine privilege to be part of it." In 2012, Ellie achieved gold in the 400m freestyle and the 200m Individual Medley at the Summer Paralympics in London and won a further gold in the 200m Individual Medley at Rio 2016. In addition, she has won ten gold World Championship titles. At the age of 13, Ellie won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year and a year later, at just 14, she became the youngest person ever to receive an MBE. She was elevated to OBE in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to Paralympic sport. After retiring from competitive swimming in 2020, Ellie has gone on to present for BBC Sport, most recently for the Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games, as well as making documentaries such as Ellie Simmonds: A World Without Dwarfism? for BBC One. DON'T MISS... GP opens up about Archie Battersbee case 'Science can't tell us' [VIDEO]Gary Lineker savaged by GB News host over tweet 'Brought on himself' [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Double exit as Bobby Beale and Dana elope [THEORY] She is also set to explore disability and adoption in a recently announced ITV film. Ellie joins Will Mellor, Kym Marsh, Richie Anderson, Kaye Adams and Jayde Adams to be among the famous faces announced as taking part in this year's show so far. Sharing the news on Twitter, Ellie repeated her statement and added: "I can't believe I'm writing this!" Fans have responded with excitement as the line-up gradually increases. Reply to Ellie, Twitter user @EmmaKennedy wrote: "Enjoy every second, spare nothing, embrace everything." @see75 added: "You have been positively glowing this week whilst on the commonwealth games sofa and now we know why!! This is great news Ellie! Go and be your usual sunny self and just have FUN!!!" @LauraP_71 penned: "The one thing you need to bring to the dance floor is that excitement you have that will help you a lot. "Enjoy this gift you have been given and it will be lovely to swap chlorine with sequins." "I’m so excited for you……have the best time ever," @jessica_jane96 commented. @sarah_hancock40 remarked: "Omg this news has made my day!  Can’t wait to see you with your dancing shoes on. You will be fabulous. #ellietowinstrictly." Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One in September.