Data compiled by the Office for National Statistics revealed gross domestic product fell by 11 percent in 2020. The UK, similarly to much of the world, faced the COVID-19 pandemic throughout the opening year of the new decade. However, the drop recorded by the ONS suggested the UK economy suffered its largest fall since 1709. In a contemporary context, the hit in 2020 was the largest witnessed among the Group of Seven. It was also marginally more than the drop faced in Spain. Spain registered a 10.8 percent fall in output during 2020. JUST IN: Nightmare for pubgoers as pint of beer in London 'could cost £14 within just 3 years' Despite falling short of similar countries, the ONS has cautioned against making direct comparisons. According to Reuters, it claimed most nations had not yet undertaken the same type of in-depth revisions as Britain had. The downward revision in GDP reflected lower contributions from healthcare and retailers than previously thought. ONS statistician Craig McLaren said: "The health service faced higher costs than we initially estimated, meaning its overall contribution to the economy was lower." READ MORE ABOUT LIZ TRUSS SLASHING DOWNING STREET STAFF NUMBERS The UK economy bounced back last year, reaching pre-pandemic size in November 2021. However, rising inflation has meant the Bank of England expects the economy will enter into a recession this year. Inflation is set to hit its highest level in nearly 50 years at 18.6 percent. Investment bank Citi said inflation was "entering the stratosphere" and could rise to 18.6 percent, in line with separate predictions from the Resolution Foundation of 18.3 percent. DON'T MISS: FSB breaks silence on car bomb that killed daughter of 'Putin's Brain' [LATEST] William warned as rift with Sussexes risks new royal crisis [REVEALED] Fury erupts as Meghan and Harry's summit tickets priced at £3,000 [REPORT] Benjamin Nabarro, Citi's chief UK economist, warned affordability concerns were "growing more deafening by the day". He said: "The question now is what policy may do to offset the impact on both inflation and the real economy."