One camper said she was left "sleep deprived" after being woken by loud screams from a neighbouring tent throughout the night. In a lengthy rant on parenting forum Mumsnet, the tourist described the youngster as the "spawn of Satan" but her grumble divided opinion online. The tourist posted: "AIBU [Am I being unreasonable] to think the parents are selfish? Fourth night in a row. Toddler screams from 10.30pm till 11.30pm - every night and then periodically every couple of hours. Not sad baby crying but toddler tantrum screaming and shouting. "I am beginning to think it is the spawn of satan. Why would you go camping if your child doesn’t sleep, and why wouldn’t you go home out of consideration for others after a couple of nights? "They are quiet now but I’m awake since the last screams at 3.30am. Should I go and shake their tent in sleep deprived, demented revenge?" As Edinburgh Live reports, the majority of the Mumsnet users criticised the mother's views. One brutal reply read: "When your walls are made of plastic it's unreasonable to expect to not hear conversations, drunks, laughing, sex, and babies crying. Next time take some ear plugs!" Another user stated: "I'm on holiday currently - not camping though! And my toddler has been very unsettled - it wasn't expected at all though - they sleep fine at home! So it's a bit unfair of you - no one really knows how young children are going to be when taking them away for the first time. "That being said if it was that bad I'd have put them in the car and sat with with them to try and minimise the disruption."   Some were more sympathetic with the tourist. "I feel for you, can you move tents," one Mumsnet user wrote. "I always think this when I see the threads about people taking babies camping. I'd have to go and say something. If it was my child I'd put them in the car and get off the site. No way would I subject others to that night after night," another said. Another simply replied: "Why would anyone go camping in the first place is the question that puzzles me." 