Arsenal can help cover the blow of losing Mohamed Elneny to injury by signing Austria international Florian Grillitsch. The Gunners were reportedly interested in the 27-year-old earlier this year and now could reignite a potential move. Elneny is set for a sustained period on the sidelines after suffering a significant hamstring injury in Saturday's 2-1 win over Fulham. The Egyptian only came into the side to fill in for Thomas Partey, who missed the match due to a thigh problem picked up in training. Partey is only expected to miss a couple of weeks but has a poor injury record since joining the club from Atletico Madrid in 2020. Elneny was a reliable back-up option to the Ghana star so his absence will be a major blow to Mikel Arteta. But in Grillitsch, there could be a perfect opportunity to recruit in an area of the pitch where Arsenal are now light. The Telegraph claimed in April that the Gunners had added Grillitsch's name to their list of targets this summer. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Osimhen plan, Arsenal new target, Chelsea medical  The versatile star left German side Hoffenheim at the end of his contract and is currently without a club. Grillitsch can play at centre-back but is predominantly a midfielder. He has experience playing in a deeper-lying role, which is what Arsenal will need in Elneny and Partey's absence. Grillitsch made over 150 appearances in a five-year spell at Hoffenheim after joining from Werder Bremen in 2017. He has won 33 caps for Austria since making his debut in the same year. Signing Grillitsch on a free transfer could enable other funds to be released for Arsenal to sign a winger. DON'T MISSArsenal may have another Saliba already after Edu nailed negotiationsAntony could renew bitter feud with Liverpool star after signing for Man UtdMan Utd think they have Ronaldo replacement who can save them millions A wide player has been the priority for Mikel Arteta. Pedro Neto is the top target but Wolves' asking price has made that deal difficult in this window. Following Nicolas Pepe's loan to Nice, Arteta confirmed last week he has planned to sign a winger all summer. He said: "If we can implement the plan that we have, we will try to do that. "In the plan, that [Pepe’s loan move] was something that could happen - now it’s a reality and we’ve been preparing the last two months in order to achieve what we want. Whether that’s possible or not, we will see."  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here