Manchester United chief John Murtough is finalising a contract for Adrien Rabiot as he looks to sign the Juventus star, reports say. The Red Devils are hoping to make the France international their fourth signing of the transfer window, despite also refusing to give up on Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong. And a new right-back is being eyed, too, with Celtic’s Josip Juranovic admired. Manchester United would love to sign De Jong from Barcelona. However, with Chelsea also in the race for the Netherlands international, Murtough and Erik ten Hag are ready to move on to alternatives to ensure they’re not left short over the course of the Premier League campaign. Over the past 48 hours, it’s emerged United are pursuing Rabiot. Juventus are open to letting the France international go, especially having snapped up the likes of Denis Zakaria, Manuel Locatelli and Paul Pogba over the past year. And the Daily Mail claim Murtough is now ‘finalising a contract’ for Rabiot as he looks to get this deal over the line. United believe the 27-year-old, who started his career at Manchester City, can offer them a dynamism in the middle of the park that Scott McTominay and Fred cannot. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Rabiot is set to become the club’s third signing from Juventus over the past decade, too, following in the footsteps of Pogba and Cristiano Ronaldo. And he’s not the only player United are eyeing as they look to give Ten Hag more transfer backing. The Red Devils are refusing to throw in the towel when it comes to De Jong, despite the numerous complexities involved. De Jong wants to stay at Barcelona, having dreamed of wearing their red and blue colours ever since he was a child. Yet the 25-year-old is also being pursued by Chelsea, who have the added advantage of Champions League football. That’s something United can’t provide for the Netherlands international, having finished sixth in the Premier League table last time out. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already And the publication says the Red Devils have ‘shown an interest’ in Celtic right-back Juranovic as they seek reinforcements in that area. United are willing to cut ties with Aaron Wan-Bissaka, just three years after paying £50million for the former Crystal Palace star. And they know they need better than Diogo Dalot if they’re to challenge the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City for the Premier League title. Whether United are able to get deals for Rabiot, De Jong and Juranovic is something only time will tell. But the clock is ticking down and the Red Devils, especially after their 2-1 defeat to Brighton last weekend, are crying out for more additions. With the mood around United one of doom and gloom, meanwhile, many have been calling on the Glazers to go. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And Michael Knighton, who came close to purchasing the club back in 1989 for just £10m, has revealed he’s eager to oust the Americans. "We are a club in crisis and we all know the reason why," Knighton told Man Utd The Religion. "We have an inept and frankly useless ownership who know little about this game of football. “Everyone knows that we need new ownership of this football club and that is my aim and those are my objectives. "I am making good progress, continuing to talk to the people, I have got some good pledges and good finance. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “We are now working on the offer document. Remember, it is a hostile bid - that simply means that the club isn't officially for sale. "But my intention is to present these owners with a legitimate, potent and commercial offer to say: 'You have run out of road, it's time go, because your time is up'. "And frankly, the fans worldwide have had enough of this regime. “The exciting feeling of a new season, which we all have, and that balloon of excitement that is there, it was all burst when we quickly saw the performance against Brighton. “The club is in crisis and it will remain in crisis while we have this current ownership." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here