Fees charged by organised crime gangs smuggling people into the UK have been advertised with a 40 percent “discount” for the bank holiday weekend, according to the Telegraph. This “reduced” price comes in at around £3,000 per person for a Channel crossing. One advert appearing on Monday urged, "Hurry up. Only £3,500," according to the publication. The advert coincided with a record 1,295 Channel crossings at the start of this week - the highest number in a single day registered since records began. Another said: “Trips to the UK every 2-3 days. £3.5 K. "Do not waste your time with middlemen who leave you in the streets." The so-called deals popped up on social media as Home Secretary Priti Patel called on TikTok to stop posts as part of the company's "moral responsibility". Ms Patel added that they should intercede to remove posts that “deliberately glamorise illegal and deadly routes to the UK which put people’s lives at risk”. The Home Secretary said earlier this week that Albanian police could be drafted in to help UK border authorities. Albanian forces would pass on intelligence to UK authorities and assist with processing. READ MORE: Mum-of-12 fears family will never afford holiday again as bills soar Albania's interior minister, Bledi Cuci, added that removing Albanian national who arrive illegally in the UK would be sped up. Mr Cuci said the conversations with the Home Secretary involved "mid-term solutions to provide better opportunities for young people" in Albania. He added they had discussed means of "legal migration that enables skilled professionals and labour access to the UK". The measures are part of a new agreement brokered between the UK and Albania. DON'T MISS: House price crash MAPPED: New forecast 12% to be wiped out [MAP] POLL: Should British holiday destinations bring in a tourist tax? [VOTE] Brexit LIVE: Truss gives EU just TEN days in final ultimatum [LIVE] It has not yet been confirmed when the new partnership bringing Albanian authorities to the Kent coastline could take effect. The Government has said it believes around three in five migrants undertaking Channel crossing are of Albanian origin. It is understood that people arriving from across the Channel through these means would be fast-tracked into checks if believed to be Albanian. The Home Office has also launched a social media campaign in Albanian against Channel crossings on Instagram and Facebook. Ms Patel said: "Large numbers of Albanians are being sold lies by ruthless people smugglers and vicious organised crime gangs, leading them to take treacherous journeys in flimsy boats to the UK. "This abuse of our immigration system and people risking their lives cannot go on." The Home Office added: "The Albanian government has also offered senior law enforcement support to the UK to provide UK authorities with vital intelligence and to support processing." TikTok has been approached for comment.