Chloe Lattanzi, the daughter of Grease star Olivia Newton-John, believes her mother is with her dogs and horses, “making the sun shine”. In a voicemail which has been played on television, Chloe said Olivia is “free from pain now” after her death on Monday. Olivia died from breast cancer aged 73, sparking an outpouring of grief from her friends and fans. Australian TV host Richard Wilkins paid tribute to the Sandy actress, and it was noticed by her daughter Chloe, 36. On The Today Show, Richard fought back tears as he explained: “'Chloe Lattanzi, Olivia's daughter, sent me a beautiful message earlier today, which I played and cried again. “And I said to her, ‘I would never do it without your permission. Would you like me to share your beautiful message with her many friends and fans on-air?’  “And she said, ‘Yes, please. Tell them how much their love is helping me cope. I want to be a link for them. Give light, give thanks, gratitude. I'm holding you in my heart.’” Richard then played the voicemail out to viewers. In it, Chloe said: “'Hi Richard, this is Chloe, I just saw your beautiful tribute to my mummy. “I just wanted to hold you. I saw how much you loved her and I just want you to know she's free now and out of pain and all the family is here together. “She's making the sun shine and the dogs are running around and smiling and the horses are galloping “I just want you to know that she's free from pain now and she fought so hard and I was with her every step of the way “I just felt your love, mummy and I both care about you, care about you so much.” She signed off: “I love you my friend, thank you for doing that.” DON'T MISS...Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [TV] 'Nipple popped out' Love Island star Ekin-Su's 'wardrobe malfunction' [PICTURES] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] When news of Olivia’s death first broke, Richard had broken down crying on air. “I didn't want to do this,” he said. “It's our loss. The world has lost a beautiful human being today.” Olivia had been battling cancer for the last 30 years and spent 14 of those years married to husband John Easterling, who stayed by her side and helped her fight her illness through alternative methods. In May 2017, it was announced Olivia’s cancer had returned and metastasized to her lower back, spreading to her bones and progressing to stage four. Her back pains had initially been misdiagnosed as sciatica. The star later revealed this was actually her third bout with breast cancer, as she had privately battled a recurrence of the disease in 2013, in addition to her initial 1992 battle. She had explained how she used cannabis to help ease the pain her illness caused her, advocating for the use of the drug medicinally.