WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from House of the Dragon. The Game of Thrones spin-off has introduced several new characters including the powerful, high-ranking family of Corlys Velaryon (played by Steve Toussaint). Corlys has two children, Laenor and Laena. In the George R.R Martin novels, Laena plays a crucial role but who stars as the young girl in the HBO series? Laena is firstly played by Nova Foueillis-Mosé in the first and second episode of House of the Dragon. She is just one of three actresses who have taken on the role of the high-born Lady. Portraying a young Laena, perhaps later in the series, is Savannah Steyn. Savannah has already made a name for herself in Sky series Intergalactic and A Discovery of Witches. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview Nanna Blondell is set to play an older Laena, and is likely to appear towards the end of season one. Her full name is Oriana but is known professionally as Nanna and is a Swedish actress and director. Nanna has had several TV roles before House of the Dragon including The Inner Circle and Twin. She also starred in TV series Partisan as Mildred earlier this year. Laena is the daughter of Corlys and Rhaenys Targaryen (Eve Best), also known as the Queen Who Never Was. The young girl has so far only been sighted in the HBO series a handful of times alongside her parents and brother. However, judging by Martin’s novels, it’s likely she will play a much bigger role in the episodes to come. DON'T MISS...House of the Dragon episode 2 leak: Dangers of Sky TV piracy revealed [LATEST]House of the Dragon slammed over lack of warning in graphic scene [UPDATE]House of the Dragon episode 2: What time is The Rogue Prince out? [INSIGHT] Laena was seen in episode one of House of the Dragon at the Heir’s Tournament with her family. When the combatants broke out in violence, the young girl was visibly shocked and grabbed onto her older brother. In the novels by George R.R Martin, Laena plays a major role in the future of the Targaryen family. It is said by the age of 12, the young Lady was fiery and had inherited the beauty of her mother. She was also said to be adventurous and courageous like her father, the famed Sea Snake. By 22, she is described as “tall, slender and beautiful” and “almost as beautiful as her brother”. Laena is said to enjoy flying and have more interest in dragons than boys. Whether or not she will become a dragonrider in the HBO series remains to be seen. House of the Dragon continues every Sunday on HBO at 9pm ET in the US and every Monday at 9pm on Sky Atlantic in the UK.