Outlander’s universe is growing after US broadcaster Starz shared new details about its planned prequel series Blood of My Blood, which is just the start of the network’s plans to build on the success of the Diana Gabaldon adaptation. Details of the forthcoming show remain under wraps with Starz drip-feeding information about Blood of My Blood amid much fan excitement. Blood of My Blood doesn’t have a release date as yet with Starz simply confirming the writers’ room for the show has only just been assembled. However, the show will be focusing on Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) parents: a young Brian Fraser and Ellen MacKenzie. Outlander has previously revealed some details about the forbidden love affair between Ellen and Brian with the pair having to hide their romance. Ellen was the sister of Colum (Gary Lewis) and Dougal Mackenzie (Graham McTavish), with whom she was close. READ MORE: Outlander explained: Why was Jamie Fraser called Sawny? She was also much-loved by her father Jacob, who refused to set up an arranged marriage for her which was fairly common at the time. Following Jacob’s death, Colum and Dougal wanted to marry Ellen off to Malcolm Grant in a bid to ease tensions between the two clans. Instead, Ellen apparently made a heinous comment to Malcolm, which led him to leave Castle Leoch during a gathering in 1716 after being mortally offended. Ellen eloped with Brian and the pair hid away from Colum and Dougal until they were pregnant. She only returned to Castle Leoch after she was heavily pregnant and her brothers were unable to marry her off to another man, reluctantly accepting the union. Brian and Ellen lives at Lallybroch and had four children: William, Jenny (Laura Donnelly), Jamie, and Robert. Sadly, William died from smallpox at the age of 11, leaving his younger brother Jamie devastated and now the reluctant heir of Lallybroch. Ellen later died in childbirth with Robert also perishing with her. In the Outlander novels, a portrait of Ellen hangs in Lallybroch in pride of place, while Jamie presents Claire Fraser (Caitriona Bale) with his mother’s pearls as a wedding present - something which is passed on to Brianna MacKenzie (Sophie Skelton) later. READ MORE: Outlander star opens up on gruelling 12-hour day battle scene filming As the scripts are in the early stages at the moment, there’s been no news of casting, however, Heughan and Balfe are not expected to be involved because the timeline of Blood of My Blood predates Outlander. Heughan has spoken about Blood of My Blood prior to the announcement, telling Insider: "I wanna see that story myself and I'm like, 'Am I in this? Am I not in this? Do I have to play a young version of myself?'" He added: "I can't wait to see it" and joked: "It just better not be better than our show." Blood of My Blood is going to be written by Outlander’s showrunner Matthew B. Roberts, who will be helming the writers’ room. DON'T MISS...Outlander: Why did Andrew Whipp leave Outlander as Brian Fraser? [EXPLAINER]Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [ANALYSIS]Outlander prequel: Star weighs in on Bonnie Prince Charlie series [INTERVIEW] Maril Davis and Ronald D. Moore will serve as executive producers and author Gabaldon is also going to be involved. Gabaldon is reportedly on writing duties, working on a novel serving as the basis for Blood of My Blood, which focuses on Brian and Ellen. Ellen is described as bearing a strong resemblance to her granddaughter Brianna with both women being tall, red reds with fair skin. Therefore, Blood of My Blood’s casting team are going to be looking for an actress who fits this description. Brian made an appearance in Outlander season one and was portrayed by Shetland and Cursed star Andrew Whipp. As the show is before Outlander, Blood of My Blood is likely to hire a younger actor to portray the part. Fans will also see younger versions of Dougal and Colum in the series as well with fresh faces expected to join the cast. Outlander prequel series Blood of My Blood is in development at Starz Outlander season 7 is in production and season 6 is streaming on STARZPLAY now