Audrey Whitebrook loves sitting next to the small tranquil pond that her son built for her in the garden of their rented flat. The 67-year-old, who suffers with anxiety, says it makes "all of my troubles just go away". After the pond was finished, there were complaints from neighbours, and she was told to fill it in by social housing firm Trent and Dove, which owns the flat in Tutbury, Staffordshire. They said it had to be filled in for safety reasons as it was a shared garden which young children have access to. She even received a solicitor's letter about it. The mother-of-two, who has mobility issues so can only go out with her mobility scooter, says the pond replaced a "dangerous" broken old shed. But a spokesman for Trent and Dove said the pond was built without permission so they had to step in, reports Staffordshire Live. She said: "My son built me a pond in my garden to allow me to sit down there when I have anxiety. "Once it was finished our neighbours complained about it and now we've got to fill it in. It's caused a lot of trouble. "It's only a small pond as I'm disabled so it's somewhere I can sit. "There was an old shed there before and that was falling down and dangerous so we got rid of it. "When it [the pond] was completely done the neighbours complained to Trent and Dove and they came down and said we have to completely fill it in. "I'm really upset by it. I was devastated, I was hysterical when they told me. I've said I'm not going to fill it in - it's not even that big. Now I've got a bad mark against my tenancy. I'm living on a knife edge at the moment. "I don't know what to do next. I feel like I'm being victimised. I've had a solicitor's letter asking me not to make any alterations to the property or additions to the home without written consent. "I feel terrible. I've got some little fishes and frogs in there. All that effort my son made. It really is nice and it's right down the garden where no one can see it. "I sit there and watch the fish and I don't want to have to get rid of the fish. This has been going on for three months and everyone I speak to thinks it's ridiculous. "I feel wonderful sitting next to it, everything floats away, all of my troubles just go away. I look into the pond and there's nobody bothering me. "My friends have got ponds and it all seems ridiculous - a solicitor's letter over a pond. I think I've been treated rather unfairly, to tell the truth. "I've had enough in my life to put up with and now I'm coming to the end of it, it should be peaceful and tranquil but it's more like a war zone. "I love this flat more than anything with all the trees around it and most of the neighbours are brilliant."  Audrey, who has been a widow for 17 years, has lived in the village all her life and said the flats each have half of the garden. She has lived in the flat for five years without any problems and lives with son Ashley, who is her carer. She admits there have been arguments over the pond. Martyn Hale, neighbourhoods director at Trent and Dove, said: "We know how important outside space and making a place your own is to customers. "So, our approach is very often to encourage that and allow people to enjoy their space as they wish. "However, we do occasionally have to step in when there is a risk, however small, to the customer or others. "Unfortunately, Ms Whitebrook has installed a pond, without permission, in a shared garden. Others, including very young children, have legal equal access to this garden. "As there are no solid fences or agreement with neighbours about this change, we have had to listen to the concerns of other residents and the impact of their enjoyment of the space. "On average, according to water safety professionals, five under-6s drown every year in garden ponds. "Although the pond is small, we must prioritise the safety of others on this occasion and ensure they have a safe outdoor space. "Unfortunately, Ms Whitebrook ignored our informal request to fill in the pond, and so we have had to legally write to request that she does this. "This letter also asks that Ms Whitebrook, anyone living with her or any visitors to her home avoid any repeat of alleged anti-social behaviour which is clearly not acceptable regardless of emotion around the use of a shared garden."