Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down from their role as senior royals in 2020. According to many royal fans, Harry has seemingly been appearing "unhappy" during his recent public appearances. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer claims that the Duke "will miss the UK more and more" as he continues to settle more into life in the US. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "I suspect, over time, Harry will miss the UK more and more." However, he added that "maybe he will get used to" life in the US. Referring to the Duke's recent appearance at the UN headquarters, Mr Palmer said Harry appeared "uncomfortable at times". He added: "They [Meghan and Harry] don't look that happy when they are in public to me". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as Duchess friend uses wrong royal title Ms Forsyth claimed the couple "seem to be going down this very, sort of, serious route". She added: "Everything's always got a political message." During the United Nations visit, Harry delivered a keynote speech. In his speech, Harry used his time on stage to talk about climate change, the war in Ukraine, global assault on democracy and freedom, and, controversially, the Roe vs Wade court case. READ MORE: 'Want something else in my life!' Princess Beatrice in staggering admission on future role The UN appearance was the first time that the couple had been seen publicly since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Last month, Daily Mail Diary Editor Richard Eden spoke on Palace Confidential about the Duke. Mr Eden said: "He [Harry] does often look unhappy. Referring to how Harry appears now to past photographs with Prince William, he said: "He was always the one who was smiling, joking, and laughing." DON'T MISS Mr Eden added: "It really has been a transformation since he got married." Prince Harry currently lives in California with Meghan, their three-year-old son Archie and their one-year-old daughter Lilibet. READ NEXT: