Multiple explosions caused serious damage at a key aircraft base called Sumi in Crimea last week, while today, an ammunition depot exploded on the northern side of the peninsula. Ukraine has not officially confirmed or denied responsibility for the explosions. However, NATO allies including the UK have supplied Ukraine with heavy artillery that would enable such missile strikes. As a means of psychological operation (PsyOp), Ukrainians have now placed big leaflets around key locations declaring the next target for a strike. PsyOp (psychological operations) is a military strategy used to weaken the morale of the opponent and has been used multiple times and in various forms in the past. Photos of the big commanding leaflets hung on walls and columns in the streets circulated the web over the past few days. The leaflets have a graphic of an explosion on a totally black background, with the name of a potential next target for striking written above, including its coordinates. leaflets seen in the streets declare the following targets: Heliport Dzhankoy, Airfield Guards, International airport Sevastopol (Belbek), HF to Sevastopol, Kacha Air Base, and the Airbase Oktyabrskoe. Viktor Kovalenko, a Ukrainian journalist, reported about the leaflets on Twitter, saying: "After the strike on #Saki, the #Ukrainian partisans launched a PsyOp to scare occupiers in the #Crimea. "They disseminate leaflets with exact coordinates of next targets. "On this one, you see the coordinates of the Oktiabrske airfield (abandoned, but used again from Feb 2022)." READ MORE: Russian misery laid bare as soldier’s mum worries about his iPhone The post included a picture of one of the leaflets as well as two photos of the Oktyabrskoe airbase. Following today’s airstrikes, Ukrainian Presidential advisor Mykhailo Podolyak tweeted: "A reminder: Crimea of normal country is about the Black Sea, mountains, recreation and tourism, but Crimea occupied by Russians is about warehouses explosions and high risk of death for invaders and thieves." Britain said on Tuesday that Russia's Black Sea Fleet is currently struggling to exercise effective sea control, with patrols generally limited to the waters within sight of the Crimean coast. The Black Sea Fleet continues to use long-range cruise missiles to support ground offensives but is keeping a defensive posture, the British Defence Ministry said in its daily intelligence bulletin on Twitter. The Black Fleet's currently limited effectiveness undermines Russia's overall invasion strategy, in part because the amphibious threat to Odesa has now been largely neutralised, the intelligence update added. Meanwhile, fresh shelling nearby the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant in southern Ukraine, which is the biggest plant in Europe, highlighted a looming catastrophe. Kyiv called on Western leaders to impose new sanctions on Russia due to the risks posed as the area becomes a battlefield. Ukrainian and Russian-installed officials have traded accusations over who is responsible for the attacks. President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has warned Russian soldiers that if they attack the site in the now Russian-controlled city of Enerhodar, or use it as a base to shoot from, then they will become a "special target". READ MORE: UK sends devastating rocket launchers to Ukraine