Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag was given a transfer budget of £100million before sales at the start of the summer, according to reports. The Red Devils are still hoping to add to their squad before the window slams shut on September 1. And a defeat to Brighton today could force more action, with the fallen Premier League giants hoping for a winning start to their season. It’s been a slow transfer window for United, who have signed just three players so far despite losing the likes of Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Paul Pogba, Lee Grant and Nemanja Matic earlier in the year. Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez have all touched down from Feyenoord, Brentford and Ajax respectively. But United have still been unable to add a new right-back, midfielder and forward to their squad as they seek a first title triumph since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Now, according to Goal, Ten Hag was given a budget of £100m at the start of the summer. And while they want both Frenkie de Jong and Benjamin Sesko before the deadline, it appears they’ve already spent most of that cash. Malacia cost them £12.78million upon joining in July, having previously looked set to join Ligue 1 side Lyon. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative United did manage to get Eriksen on a free, just over a year after he suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships while playing for Denmark against Finland. But Martinez was a costly acquisition, with the Argentina international moving to Old Trafford for a fee of £57m. United have agreed to pay Barcelona a huge £63m for De Jong, which will make him their fifth most-expensive signing of all time behind Paul Pogba, Romelu Lukaku, Harry Maguire and Jadon Sancho. And that means there’s little left in the pot in order to land Sesko, who is now their top transfer target when it comes to their attack. United are determined to add a new marksman to their squad at a time where Cavani has already gone, with the 35-year-old now being linked with Boca Juniors and Villarreal. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Cristiano Ronaldo wants out, with the Portugal international determined to play in the Champions League as he enters the twilight years of his career. And Mason Greenwood’s future remains up in the air, having last played for the club back in January. If United do finish the season without any more reinforcements, it could be yet another tricky campaign over at Old Trafford. But that’s a risk Ten Hag is willing to take, with the Dutchman recently saying, when quizzed on if he’d have expected more signings by this point: "It would be a good situation, but I have a squad and I'm happy with the current squad. “We make good progress, I'm happy with the signings until now. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "You don't need any player, you need the right player, that's what we're working for. If it's not the right player, no (we would not sign another player). We need the right players. "We said it before, the squad is still searching to strengthen the squad." When quizzed on De Jong specifically, he then added: "We want Frenkie? "It's about the right players and I cannot give comments on a player under contract at another club. "You work with the current squad and develop players in your current squad. In this moment we have players in that position and perform really well." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United have sold just Andreas Pereira so far, with the Brazil international joining Fulham after two years on loan in his homeland. And several could still leave the club before the transfer window slams shut. Defenders Eric Bailly, Axel Tuanzebe and Phil Jones are all facing uncertain futures - while full-back Brandon Williams may also be jettisoned. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is available, with Diogo Dalot poised to start most matches ahead of the former Crystal Palace star this term. And United may loan out Alejandro Garnacho, who has attracted interest from more than 20 teams - including those in England, Spain, Germany, Italy and France. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here