Toto Wolff has hinted Lewis Hamilton may not leave F1 for at least another three seasons and could help Mercedes to a trio of titles. Wolff claimed Hamilton could secure a tenth drivers’ title before hanging up his helmet if the Silver Arrows solved their issues. Hamilton’s current deal expires at the end of next season but Wolff’s comment suggested a two-year extension could be on the cards. The Austrian made the comment when he was asked how important an eighth F1 title was to Hamilton. Speaking to Motorsport.com Italy, he said: “Of course, he would have been the only [driver] to hold this record, but I think he can be equally proud of having seven titles like Michael [Schumacher], I think this milestone is also very historic and important. But the goal is to get back to having the right performance soon, and if we return to providing Lewis with a good car, why just think of eight world titles? Why not ten?". Another three seasons would see Hamilton competing in F1 until the age of 40, the time when the Mercedes star has previously revealed he will walk away from the sport. Last season, the seven-time champion told Corriere della Serra he “honestly hoped” that he wasn’t still racing at 40. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell face long-term back damage He stressed there were “so many things I want to do” after F1 that staying in the sport past this age “would be difficult”. However, Hamilton could be on the verge of a major u-turn as he recently suggested he could be enticed into a new deal. It comes after he missed out on his eighth F1 crown in controversial circumstances at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix last year. He is also desperate to get Mercedes back to the front after the German manufacturer dropped to the third-fastest car this season. Speaking to Vogue, Hamilton commented: “I’ll be lying if I said that I hadn’t thought about extending. DON'T MISSHamilton backup blasted a 'f***ing idiot' as F1 teams told to snub him [INSIGHT]Wolff called out as 'too powerful' as Hamilton's boss under fire [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen close to major F1 grid penalties [COMMENT] “I’m still on the mission, I’m still loving driving, I’m still being challenged by it. So I don’t really feel like I have to give it up anytime soon.” Hamilton also expressed his desire to stay at Mercedes despite the frustrations of being uncompetitive. He announced he was “100 per cent committed” to the Silver Arrows and stressed it wasn’t in his DNA to walk away at the sign of a rough patch.