Liverpool look set to miss out on landing Sporting midfielder Matheus Nunes as their Premier League rivals Wolves are reportedly closing in on a club-record £42million deal to sign him. The Reds have already signed three new players this summer but have been tipped to bolster their squad further before the transfer window closes at the start of next month. Liverpool have suffered a slow start to the new season as they have stuttered to draws with Fulham and Crystal Palace. And manager Jurgen Klopp could be concerned about the depth of his midfield after losing Thiago, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Curtis Jones to injury. The Reds have been linked with a mega-money move for Nunes, who made 33 league appearances for Sporting last season. But, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, Wolves could be about to sign the ace for £38m plus over £4m in add-ons - £6m more than they paid for current record signing Fabio Silva two years ago. The Black Country side’s talks with the player are ongoing and progressing and the club are hoping to complete every detail of the transfer this week. READ MORE: Chelsea make 'fresh' Gordon bid as chat with Lampard comes to light    Nunes joined Sporting from Estoril Praia at the start of 2019 and has gone on to make 101 appearances for his current team. The 23-year-old, who still has four years remaining on his contract, has bagged eight goals and nine assists for Sporting and can play in an attacking or defensive midfield role. The ace, who was born in Brazil, was handed his Portugal debut in a friendly against Qatar last autumn and has gone on to win eight caps for his national side. And he will be hoping to secure a place in Portugal’s World Cup squad later this year. DON'T MISS Gary Neville leaves studio in stitches with comment on Ten Hag Newcastle boss Eddie Howe ‘makes Chelsea ace his prime target’ Chelsea ‘discussing’ Anthony Gordon swap deal after failed £40m bid    If Nunes does agree terms with Wolves and moves to the Molineux, it could come as a bitter blow to Klopp. The Reds have looked well off the pace during their opening two matches of the season and are already playing catch-up on their Premier League rivals. Last weekend they were forced to come from behind on two occasions at Craven Cottage as they drew 2-2 with Fulham. And on Monday night they could only muster a 1-1 draw at home to Crystal Palace. Klopp’s team went behind to the Eagles in the first half as Wilfried Zaha opened the scoring for the visitors. And the Reds were then dealt a huge blow as summer signing Darwin Nunez was sent off for flooring Joachim Andersen with a headbutt just before the hour-mark. Luis Diaz then rescued a point for the hosts as he lashed an effort beyond Vicente Guaita moments after Nunez’s dismissal. 