Jane McDonald got in touch with her highland roots for the Channel 5 documentary Jane McDonald: Cruising Scotland. As she joined six other passengers for a boat tour around the Inner Hebrides, the former cruise ship singer shared a career first with viewers.  While approaching the vessel she would be sleeping on, Jane admitted it was the smallest cruise ship she had ever sailed on, adding: "I've never tried a cruise quite like this." "This will be completely different for me because it's for about 13 people tops," she revealed. "It is completely different from anything I have done as [I've been on ships] with 2,000 to 3,000 to 4,000 capacity which I am used to." Getting distracted mid-sentence, Jane said: "I love that music in the background, can you hear that? There is a piper in the background, we are definitely in Scotland." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter   "So yes, this will be completely [different] and very intimate, I think this will be very intimate," she added. Jane admitted she had no idea what to expect when entering her cabin onboard. "As long as it's got a nice bed and a comfy pillow I will be happy," Jane said. "Oh and maybe, a shower, and a bath, and maybe a hairdryer and a kettle." The singer then met with some of the other passengers who were equally excited about the experience.  However, the cruise quite literally got off to a bumpy start as Jane had to take a motion sickness tablet as she struggled with the choppy waters. She wanted to show viewers just how rough the weather was outside her cabin and bravely stepped outside onto the deck. "This is pretty rough out here, and I feel a bit like a pea on a drum at the minute," she exclaimed. "It's wet, it's windy and it's fabulous." As she stepped back inside her cosy cabin she told the camera crew she was soaked from the water but felt the experience was quite the "adventure". DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald emotional as she pays tribute to father  [VIDEO]Vernon Kay hits back This Morning guest over Jane McDonald swipe [MUST SEE]Jane McDonald issues warning about her tour while hitting milestone [LATEST]  Once Jane got used to the sea, she started to relax and was excited to visit some wild puffins. Jane got as close to the adorable birds as she could to take photographs of them in their natural habitat. Elsewhere in the documentary, Jane travelled to Tobermory to take part in Cèilidh, a traditional form of Scottish dancing. As she was on the dance floor, she made an admission about her late father who taught her to dance many years ago.   "I just realised how fit I was as a child dancing with my father," Jane told the camera. "I used to go every week ballroom dancing with my dad, and you don't know how special that is until they are gone." The Channel 5 star got emotional as she watched people dancing, before adding: "Don't make me cry." Jane McDonald: Cruising Scotland is available to watch on My5. 