The Queen Mother was devastated following the death of her husband, King George VI in 1952 - aged just 56. After his death, she had to navigate her new life, as well as preparing their eldest daughter, Elizabeth, for the path to becoming Queen Elizabeth II. It has been reported that after his death, the Queen Mother was "left alone" to deal with the loss. Speaking on Us Weekly, author of Do Let's have Another Drink, Gareth Russell discussed how the Queen's mother dealt with the life-changing loss of her husband of almost three decades. Mr Russell said: "Her husband passed away thanks to cancer and she was shocked initially. "But it was a few months later, where she suddenly felt lost and confused." He added: "Grief is a bit like a bomb, it goes off and then there's the after effect. "Sometimes the aftereffect can be worse." READ MORE: Queen’s soldiers told to put sock in it as locals 'don't enjoy waking to bagpipes' He added: "I think she cherished both her daughters but the Queen was very aware that her grief was being slightly lessened, or softened, by having so much to do. "The Queen was very aware that she had the coronation to prepare for. "She inherited the country, whereas the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret were, sort of, left alone to deal with their grief. "It was a very painful time for her, both in terms of processing her grief, but also in trying to find a new role for herself." He claimed that it was Winston Churchill who flew to Scotland, where the Queen Mother retired after her loss, to speak to her when she "retreated into this bubble of sorrow". READ MORE: Meghan hit by another shock claim: Duchess struggled in wedding dress 'after being rude' He continued: "Winston Churchill went up there and said your country still needs you, you're so popular with the people that actually you can still serve Britain and serve the monarchy if you come back." Mr Russell also noted how the Queen was protective of her mother and her younger sister. He added that her protective strike came, in particular, from "that time when she became Queen" and they "had to deal with their grief at George's death in a different way." DON'T MISS Princess Charlotte is adorable in latest video with Prince William [VIDEO]Charles 'iced' Harry after Duke of Sussex 'refused' to discuss memoir [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Charlotte's close bond with proud dad Prince William [ANALYSIS] A close friend of Princess Margaret previously reported that the princess had a "strained" relationship with her mother. According to royal biographer Christopher Warwick, the Queen Mother was “jealous” of Elizabeth’s superior position to her, when she became Queen after the death of King George VI. The Queen Mother lived as a popular member of the royal family until 2002, when she died aged 101. READ NEXT: