Footage of the brutal attack in London involving a watch robbery at knifepoint, has begun circulating on social media. The incident is understood to have taken place in broad daylight on Monday in the upmarket city area of Knightbridge. The news comes as the capital is paralysed by a wave of serious crime and London Mayor Sadiq Khan comes under fierce criticism for failing to protect the population.    The beginning of the clip captures the harrowing screams of a woman as she is held down in a doorway by one of the attackers, who was wearing a black balaclava and gloves. A man in a pink shirt attempts to fight back another masked attacker in an effort to reach the woman and free her. The pair of thugs quickly switch positions as one launches towards the man in the pink shirt, grabbing him and repeatedly hitting him, although the victim does manage to land a couple of punches in self defence. An unidentified witness recording the incident called out to the attackers: “Let her go or I’ll call the police!”    The two attackers, shaken by the growing number of witnesses and warnings that the police would be called, rush to escape the scene. The woman is left on the floor as the man in the pink shirt tries to help her up, clearly reeling from the punches he had received. The masked assailants are filmed bundling into a waiting silver Mitsubishi 4x4 car which quickly darts off down the street. Read more: 'You're blaming the weather?' Sadiq Khan blames killing surge on heat The Met Police confirmed calls were made at approximately 2:30 in the afternoon on Monday to report a robbery at Pond Place. A police statement said: "A man in his 40s and a woman in her 30s are reported to have been walking when a car pulled up. Two occupants got out and and robbed them of their watches at knifepoint before making off. "There have been no arrests at this time. Enquiries are ongoing." Chief Superintendent Owain Richard said: "This is an appalling incident; no-one should be subjected to such unacceptable violence. "Our dedicated Robbery team are investigating and trawling CCTV. We have seen a rise in watch robberies, and are focusing our resources in the hot spots." Police confirmed they were aware of the video circulating on social media and urged anyone with information to call 101 with the referecne CAD 2968/22 Aug.    Journalist Omid Scobie posted the clip of the Knightsbridge attack to his Twitter account, adding: “Another day, another watch mugging in London. “Sadiq Khan doing [nothing] as criminals continue to take over the city. “After recently getting jumped in Mayfair, I’ll never wear a watch out again and suggest you do the same.” Don't miss: 'Long arm of law has become shrug of indifference', says LEO McKINSTRY [COMMENT]Sadiq Khan must ‘lean in hard’ says Kit Malthouse as knife crime rises [INSIGHT]Greenford stabbing: Man charged with murder after 87-year-old killed [REPORT] The incident comes as the city has been rocked by a spate of violent attacks, with Londoners growing increasingly frustrated at Sadiq Khan’s failure to tackle serious crime. The day before the attack, an attempted watch theft was captured near Hyde Park Corner. An attacker dressed as a Deliveroo driver pulled up alongside a Bugatti Chiron armed with a hammer and attempted to smash the window of the £3 million car. The victim is believed to have been targeted for his Rolex watch, worth an estimated £110,000. Last week, another man was hospitalised with head injuries following a violent attack in Fulham, during which his watch was stolen. Detective Inspector James Griffin who is leading the Fulham investigation described the incident as an “absolutely abhorrent attack.” Read more: Thugs carrying a knife should be jailed for a long time EAMONN HOLMESMenacing neighbour warns 'I've got a body bag waiting' after being repGirl, 9, killed in Liverpool shooting named by Merseyside PoliceThreat to women as traders cash in on 'revenge porn' from ex-partnersMcDonald's CHAOS as mob of 50 youths storms and loots restaurant