Strictly Come Dancing star Giovanni Pernice expertly side-stepped a fan's question about who he was dating today, instead reeling off a vast list of names. He invited fans on Instagram to ask him "anything" - and when the tricky topic of who he might be dating arose, the 31-year-old Italian knew exactly how to answer. Instead of giving too much away, he cheekily name-checked no less than nine men who are professionally involved with him on the BBC show. The Sicilian star referenced male dancer Kai Widdrington, who is renowned for his epic Strictly 2021 performances with AJ Odudu, first of all. Kai had been a front-runner to win the 2021 show with her, before AJ was forced to pull out due to a devastating foot injury. Next, he referenced Italian-Norwegian Marco Lissoni, an assistant TV producer at the BBC. He also named Ben McElligott, a producer and director who worked on Strictly between 2017 and 2021. He included Christopher Mead on his list, a professionally trained dancer who had also been a runner on the show for just three months back in 2015. Then there was production manager Ross Flynn, dancer Gorka Marquez, who is in a relationship with Gemma Atkinson, another producer who works under the brand name Just Joe Creative and David Bishop, a BAFTA Award-winning lighting designer. Finally, he wrote in larger letters at the end of the post "@markosborne54", name checking someone who appeared on Strictly Come Dancing spin-off show It Takes Two. Meanwhile, although the list of names detailed only males, in real-life Giovanni seems to prefer the ladies - and he seems to have had luck with them, too. He was linked to Emily Atack earlier this year, while he has dated an impressive list of dance partners and TV stars in the past. Between 2015 and 2016, chemistry sparked between him and his celebrity dance partner Georgia May Foote, who had a five year stint on Corrie as Katy Armstrong. Yet they denied any suggestion that they were engaged, and the romance fizzled out after nine months. DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [DRAMA] Will Smith exposed for public slap years before Oscars in rare video [UNEARTHED FOOTAGE] Clint Eastwood's frank admission about his eight 'vulnerable' childre [FAMILY]  His next high profile romance was with TOWIE's Jess Wright, which also lasted a matter of months after the pair publicly announced their fling at the start of 2018. That year, he was paired with Steps performer Faye Tozer on Strictly, but seemed only to have eyes for his rival Pasha Kovalev's partner, Ashley Roberts. Ashley famously performed alongside frontwoman Nicole Scherzinger as part of the Pussycat Dolls. That relationship kept Giovanni committed for a little longer, with the pair even spending Christmas together at her family's home in Miami, USA. However by 2020, that relationship had also ended, with the former couple telling the world they were better as friends. Nevertheless, the Italian dancer hasn't made every Strictly partner one of his conquests. Rumours that he was dating his 2020 partner, ITV news anchor Ranvir Singh, were not confirmed. Instead, by 2021, he had announced his romance with Love Island star Maura Higgins, who is well known for her collaborations with saucy lingerie brand Ann Summers. Four months later, their relationship ended, and he had a new dance partner in the shape of Eastenders star Rose Ayling-Ellis. That remained a purely platonic partnership, as she maintained a romance with her real-life partner Sam Arnold. The last confirmed famous partner Giovanni had was Maura - and he gave fans a telling-off for speculating too much why that had ended. "Whilst I respect and understand interest in my personal life, wouldn't it be fantastic to instead use this space to raise awareness of subjects and issues which need the attention?" he quizzed. Meanwhile, Giovanni also stated today via Instagram, in response to a fan's question, that he would consider a same-sex partnership on Strictly, writing: "Hell yes!"