Having had no experience of this in the UK for 40-odd years, anybody under the age of 50 has no active memory of budgeting in such a climate and expects the Government to wave a wand and sort it all out or employers to make up the difference in wages. Nanny, make it better. The solution to inflation is to keep wage rises below price rises and, of course, that is not something the unions want to have to tell their members but it is in everybody's interest that they face reality. Being worse off of course means different levels of deprivation for different families. For some, it will be a matter of switching off the swimming pool or cancelling the second holiday, for others turning down the heating and digging out cardigans and rugs before pruning the weekly shop and for others still turning off the heating altogether and missing meals. It is that last group which the Government should heed in the welter of public complaint and to which it should bend all its efforts to help. Others must just get on with it, but they cannot. There is simply no fat left to cut. In those circumstances offering relief to everybody is a scandalous and immoral waste of resources.  "So, do you still think Brexit a good thing?" asked a diehard Remainer guest to my house recently, before adding sarcastically "visited any airports recently?" I pointed out that Amsterdam and Dublin were all chaos while in Sweden police were actually turning people away from the airport. Had those countries left the EU? Was there no impact from the pandemic when airlines had sacked rather than furloughed people and then tried to re-engage them on lesser terms? In that context of course it is no great surprise that Sweden should have suffered so badly. Having eschewed lockdowns, that country left its citizens able to choose any jobs in the economy except those connected with air travel which was subject to international restrictions. The idea that former employees were going to flock back and that normality would be immediately restored was always risible. For remoaners whatever goes wrong is always down to Brexit. The words heads and sand come to mind.  In 2018, I wrote here of a young man who applied to St Andrews to read Classics. At 13, he won an academic scholarship to a rigorous public school, where he fell in love with Latin and Greek. He achieved 13 GCSEs, including ten at A*. He was one of only 200 students in the whole country who took Greek at A level but St Andrews rejected him because he missed an A in that exam by one mark, having got As in his other subjects. That student has just graduated with a first from Exeter and won an award for the strongest performance in Classics. I wonder how many of those who were preferred to him by St Andrews did as well? Charlie Gard, Alfie Evans, Tafida Raqeeb, Ashya King and now Archie Battersbee, below, were all in different ways the subjects of dispute between parents and doctors. Tafida Raqeeb has defied medical predictions to breathe unaided and is making progress in Italy. Ashya King was successfully treated in Prague after his parents removed him without consent and went on the run and that treatment is now available on the NHS. But despite offers of treatment in other countries, the courts here would not allow Charlie or Alfie to be moved. All I know is that if I had a very sick child there are countries in which I would feel more confident than this one, whose courts seem predisposed towards a culture of death.   On Monday, my colleague James Whale wrote about a video showing the arrest of a man for retweeting a post by Laurence Fox, who was present but left alone by the boys in blue. I too have seen that video, and while the first to admit that the suspect adopted a very challenging tone towards the police, I just cannot believe officers occupy their time policing thought when burglaries, rapes and assaults are commonplace. Rishi Sunak, left, says that tax cuts will not help families in crisis, but he is missing the point. Cuts drive growth, which in turn makes for a stronger economy and conditions in which workers and families can flourish. They are not intended as sticking plaster on a wound but as an engine of economic recovery. Surely a former Chancellor knows that? Why on earth is there such sudden outrage that 40 per cent of channel crossers come from Albania, a perfectly safe country? Did nobody realise that the people coming from France are those who would stand no chance of winning asylum in that country but who want a better way of life than that offered in a poor one? 