Manchester United aren’t planning a follow-up meeting with Adrien Rabiot’s agent and mother, according to reports. Confidence is growing John Murtough will be able to make the Juventus star the club’s fourth signing of the summer transfer window. And more reinforcements are certainly needed in the aftermath of the club’s 4-0 defeat at the hands of Brentford on Saturday night. Manchester United’s pursuit of Rabiot became public last week, with the Juventus star being eyed regardless of Frenkie de Jong being their priority. And The Telegraph say that though Murtough had a ‘positive’ conversation with Veronique Rabiot on Friday, they’re not planning a follow-up meeting. It’s stated United outlined their proposal to the midfielder’s mother and agent, with the club now hopeful he’ll arrive in time for their showdown with Liverpool next Monday. The Rabiots, for their part, are said to be ‘awaiting developments’ as the 27-year-old’s future remains in limbo. Juventus only signed the France international on a free transfer from Paris Saint-Germain back in the summer of 2019. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Yet with the Old Lady strengthening their midfield with swoops for Paul Pogba and Denis Zakaria this year, Rabiot has now been deemed surplus to requirements. The report says agents are also suggesting players to United, too, amid their desperate need to strengthen the squad. One player being put forward is Stuttgart striker Sasa Kalajdzic. The 25-year-old scored six Bundesliga goals from 15 appearances last term, having struck 16 goals from 33 league games the previous year. United need a new forward to replace Edinson Cavani, who left for free earlier in the summer, while Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection. DON’T MISS:Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already  There’s still a possibility Cristiano Ronaldo may leave, too, though the club are adamant they won’t be terminating the Portugal international’s contract despite concerns over his attitude. And a second player United have been recommended by intermediaries is Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. The Lazio star will be familiar to fans of the Red Devils, having been linked with a move to Old Trafford every summer for the past few years. They do, however, still want De Jong from Barcelona. And whether United are able to add some new recruits to their squad, by the time the transfer window slams shut on September 1, remains to be seen. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Speaking after United’s defeat to Brentford, meanwhile, manager Erik ten Hag admitted his players had let supporters down at the Gtech Community Stadium. Goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo gave the home side all three points, making it a horrendous afternoon at the office for the Red Devils. And Ten Hag said: “It is difficult for me. “It is always a surprise when you start a game like this. “After 35 minutes we conceded four goals. This is not possible. The team has to take the responsibility, I feel really sorry for the fans who did everything to support us, we let them down.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team And he added: “They are good players, and have to take responsibility on the pitch, as a team and as individuals, and that’s what we didn’t do. “I asked them to play with belief and take responsibility for their performance, and that’s what they didn’t do. “It’s only when we stick together and work hard that we will overcome that. You have to take belief on to the pitch for yourself and the team. “Don’t get me wrong, the manager is responsible as well, he has the main responsibility, and I take that. "And I will work on that. I have to give them belief, but they have to give it by themselves.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here