The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are known to be hands-on parents who, despite having a trusted nanny and aides, want to take care of their children's needs first-hand as much as possible. Among parenting duties they have been spotted personally dealing with over the years is shopping ahead of a school year. Four years ago, Kate was seen taking Prince George and Princess Charlotte to a shop to stock up on school shoes. However, a source claimed to Hello! the royal didn't arrive at the shop fully prepared, as she didn't bring spare pairs of socks for the tots. Given it was late summer, her children were still wearing sandals, which forced the Duchess to borrow a pair of socks from the shop in order to try on the new shoes. This year, Kate and William will have some major school shopping to do given all their children are starting a new school. Following weeks of speculations regarding a possible move to Windsor by the Cambridge family, Kensington Palace announced the Duke and Duchess' three children will start attending in September Lambrook School. The statement read: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have today announced that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will attend Lambrook School in Berkshire from September 2022. "Their Royal Highnesses are hugely grateful to Thomas's Battersea where George and Charlotte have had a happy start to their education since 2017 and 2019 respectively and are pleased to have found a school for all three of their children which shares a similar ethos and values to Thomas's." While George and Charlotte spent the first years of their education at Thomas's Battersea in London, their youngest brother Prince Louis attended Willcocks Nursery School near Kensington Palace over the past months. READ MORE: Meghan Markle braces for 'bigger problem' with Spotify podcast At Lambrook, which admits both day and boarding pupils aged three to 13, the young Cambridges will be able to enjoy an array of clubs and activities alongside their daily studies. The school boasts a nine-hole golf course, a 25-metre swimming pool and acres dedicated to pitches to play football, rugby and polo. This variety will have surely delighted Kate and William, who strongly believe sports and spending time outdoors have a positive impact on the development and mental wellbeing of children. Speaking about the ethos of the school, Lambrook’s headmaster Jonathan Perry said in the prospectus: "They have one opportunity for the education that will form the basis of their lives and at the same time, one childhood. "Our aim is to keep a happy balance between the two." The new school will also prompt the Duke and Duchess to move into a new home - Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom on the grounds of the Windsor Estate. This Grade-II listed building, renovated in 2015, is only a short walk away from Windsor Castle and distances 15 minutes from Lambrook, which will give the chance to Kate and William to keep handling the school run as they have done in previous years. Speaking about the move, a royal source said: "This is very much a decision that two parents have made to give their children the ‘most normal’ start possible. "[Kensington Palace] can be a little bit of a fishbowl. "They wanted to be able to give George, Charlotte and Louis a bit more freedom than they have living in central London. "It’s very much a decision that’s been led by the kids." The Duke and Duchess will retain their London home to use it as a working office. The Palace's apartment 1A was refurbished in 2013. However, Kate and William only settled down there in 2017, after the Duke gave up his job as a helicopter pilot based in Norfolk to become a full-time working member of the Firm. After moving into Adelaide Cottage, Kate and William will also keep hold of Anmer Hall, their beloved house in Sandringham, where they spend most of their breaks and weekend.