At the very least, pillows should be washed every six months. But to ensure pillows are consistently at their best and hygienically clean, they should be washed at least every three months, or four times a year according to experts. Machine washing isn’t an option for many types of pillows, so here is an easy way to freshen a pillow up without having to hand wash them or soak and rinse them out in the bathtub. Having removed the pillow case and pillow protector, you can focus on cleaning the pillow itself. For a basic clean and freshen-up, use the brush attachment on your hoover to suck up dust, fibres and hair on the pillow, without any moisture or chemicals. For finer debris, consider using a lint roller. If the pillow smells musty, it may have mould or mildew spots. Sprinkle baking soda on the pillow and leave it for 30 minutes before vacuuming it. READ MORE: Leave windows ‘streak-free & shining’ with simple cleaning solution For anyone worried about baking soda going everywhere, there’s a simple hack. Keep the pillow protector, or if you don’t have a pillow protector, the pillowcase, on the pillow. Sprinkle a liberal amount inside and shake the pillow to disperse the baking soda. Remove the pillowcase and hoover the baking soda off the pillow. DON'T MISS...British Airway cancels 10,000 flights up to March 2023 [NEWS]Keep bread fresh for weeks with Warburton’s food storage hack [EXPERT]Expert spots subtle way Meghan Markle ‘directs attention to herself’ [COMMENT] Baking soda is a great natural cleaner that absorbs bad smells and neutralises them. Baking soda or bicarbonate of soda as it’s also known can be bought for as little as £1.75 for a 500g box from Wilko. If you want a deeper clean, consider spraying a light mist of vinegar over the pillow, and then wipe it down with a mild dish soap solution, using a cloth or sponge. If any spots remain, wipe them with rubbing alcohol on the tip of a cotton swab. READ MORE: Cleaning warning: The one item you should never use to clean granite While baking soda, white vinegar and rubbing alcohol are natural, they are not the most pleasant smells to rest your head on. Hang the pillow on the washing line to air for a least a few hours, until completely dry. Another way to clean your pillow is by using a tumble dryer. Lynsey Crombie, aka The Queen of Clean, told her Instagram followers how “a 20-minute blast in the tumble dryer will refresh your pillow as heat is a great way to kill germs and bacteria”. While this tip works for most pillows, she did warn against throwing a memory foam pillow in the tumble dryer. The cleaning expert also suggested changing your pillow every two years, and "use pillow protectors to keep them stain free”. She added: "If your pillow is no longer offering you good support and is lumpy you probably need a new one do the pillow test simply fold your pillow in half and if it doesn’t bounce back get rid and treat yourself to a new one."