Princess Charlotte accompanied Kate Middleton and Prince William to the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham today. The fourth in line to the throne wore a navy and white striped dress, with a peter pan collar. Charlotte’s dress is from the London-based brand Rachel Riley. It is the Navy Breton Striped Jersey Dress, which retails at £39. The product description reads: “A versatile dress, essential to any little girl’s summer wardrobe.” It is made from “soft jersey with a classic navy and ivory breton stripe”. READ MORE: The Royal Family's most outrageous outfits they never wore again “The signature peter pan collar with lace trimmed edge adds a little something extra to this comfy day dress,” it added. On the back, there are four buttons to fasten the dress. It is also available in pink, and the sizes range from three years old to 10 years old. The young Princess’ hair had been style into two plaits either side of her face. DON'T MISS...Remove limescale from toilet bowl with no cleaning products [VIDEOPrimark worker secret: Insider hack to pay less for clothes [COMMENT]8 of the prettiest places to visit in Wales - full list [GUIDE] As for shoes, she wore a pair of white sandals. They are believed to be from teh brand La Coqueta, and are the White Siena Sandal. They are currently on sale for £32, originally priced at £46. Alongside white, they come in four other colours; gold, pink, navy and dark tan. READ MORE: Kate & William's key style trick to 'look great' for every engagement  Charlotte wore the white pair to match the white stripes on her dress. The official product description reads: “Make a statement this summer in our strappy sandals in white, featuring supple leather straps and a comfortable rubber sole. “A great shoe for a dressier look.” Royal fans took to Twitter to comment on Princess Charlotte’s appearance. One said: “Princess Charlotte is absolutely adorable.” “Princess Charlotte in pigtails, so cute,” another added. Someone else wrote: “Beautiful Princess Charlotte.” “Princess Charlotte is DEFINITELY the Queen's mini me!” One tweet read.