Last month, Prince Harry delivered a keynote speech to the United Nations headquarters in New York. The Duke was joined by his wife, Meghan Markle, for the visit, which marked Nelson Mandela Day. According to royal expert Neil Sean, Harry viewed the UN visit as a potential "big comeback", but this wasn't the case as the auditorium had many empty seats facing the Duke as he spoke. Since the UN visit, Harry is said to be "very very angry" and now apparently wants a "clear-out" of his and Meghan's PR team. Speaking in a recent video on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: "Harry, according to a very good source, wants a complete clear-out. "This could prove a bit thorny because most of the people responsible for their joint PR are all recommendations previously of his wife, former actress, Meghan Markle." Discussing Harry's apparent blaming, he added: "It's never the celebrity's fault, it's your fault". He noted that it looks set to be an "ongoing battle" between "who they're going to hire, who they're going to keep and, more importantly, who they're going to fire". READ MORE: Meghan under fire as trolls slam her close friend's touching tribute Mr Sean added that the "ongoing bad media slaught" is the "tip of the iceberg" for the Sussexes. He stated that "with more books" and "more documentaries", there is "no way they can stem the flow". Meghan and Harry announced their plans to leave The Firm in January 2020. The couple made the announcement, via their Instagram account" stating that they wish to "step back" as senior royals.  They claimed that their decision came "after any months of reflection and internal discussions". In their official departure statement, the couple stated that they would still "fully support" the Queen, whilst working to "become financially independent". Following their exit, the couple signed a multi-million pound deal with streaming service, Netflix. DON'T MISS Almost two years since signing the lucrative deal, the couple are still yet to release any content. In June 2022, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, along with their two children, returned to the UK to join in with celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. They arrived in the UK on June 2 and flew back to the US on June 5, reportedly before celebrations officially concluded. READ NEXT: