The BBC Breakfast presenters were discussing newspaper items on Saturday's show when Naga Munchetty asked Charlie Stayt about his preference for a news story to chat about. She asked him if he'd "rather have crabs", before realising the innuendo and giggling, as Charlie remained silent. She apologised to viewers as she composed herself and continued the conversation. As the BBC hosts picked out stories from national newspapers to talk about, Naga was torn between two interesting finds. She turned to Charlie and asked: "What would you rather have, a danger story, or crabs?" Charlie stared awkwardly at the camera, unsure of how to respond. Realising her blunder, Naga began to laugh and exclaimed: "Sorry!" READ MORE: POLL: What do you think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup? As she continued to giggle, Charlie clarified: "A story about crabs I think is the answer to that..." His co-host was unable to speak though, as she continued to laugh. Trying to compose herself, she repeated: "Sorry!" as she bowed her head and chuckled. Eventually, she picked up the newspaper article, which showed a picture of hundreds of crabs gathered in shallow water and commented: "Okay, crabs, you asked for crabs... here are crabs."  "I asked for a story about crabs," Charlie emphasised once again, causing Naga to laugh more. She remarked: "This is in St Ives, okay. So, this picture has been taken by snorkelers. "So these crabs are spider crabs and they've got long claws which measure up to eight inches. "And, so, it's Porthgwidden Beach in St Ives." DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun host reflects on how condition makes work harder [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Amy Mitchell to become killer [THEORY]Miriam Margolyes opens up on Maggie Smith losing her husband 'Shaken' [VIDEO] She went on: "They go there to shed their exoskeletons. "So they come into the shallow waters because they're really vulnerable at that point, losing their hard shell." She stated: "I just think they're fabulous!" "It is," Charlie agreed. "Like something out of an Attenborough documentary!"  Naga explained: "And all the shells are floating up to the surface... "They're all kind of just being left there. Really good." Charlie moved on to discuss a story that had caught his eye, but Naga was still grinning about the interaction from earlier. The two presenters have worked alongside each other for a while, presenting the popular morning show from Thursdays to Saturdays. BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.