The country is on a storm footing, as demonstrated by the Bank's bold decision to raise interest rates to 1.75 per cent. Action will also be required across government to help families and businesses through this exceptional time of challenge. Annual energy bills of £3,500 are the stuff of nightmares.This escalation in costs is toxic for growth and is a key driver of inflation, and this crisis has been fomented by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Thankfully, the pensions triple lock will go some way to shielding older citizens. It should result in pensioners getting a £2,052 boost over two years. Just as the Government's best minds reacted to Covid with special measures - including furlough - that saved households from destitution, it is time for decision-makers to display imagination and courage in how they tackle this emergency. The coming winter will be a tough period for many families but this is not a time for despair. Rather, those entrusted with running the country must plan a strategy of national defence. The cost-of-living crisis will touch every household in Britain but it has the potential to plunge the country's most vulnerable children into an ordeal that could scar their lives forever. We must take child poverty and hunger seriously. Parents on low wages will do all they can to provide for their offspring, but soaring energy costs and runaway inflation could devastate family finances. The Daily Express has launched an emergency campaign to tackle these threats, with charities warning of an epidemic of hunger. There are 3.6 million children living in poverty in the UK and it is vital that they are protected from the consequences of an economic downturn. Societies are judged by how they care for their most vulnerable citizens. Everything possible must be done to ensure these precious boys and girls do not suffer even worse deprivation during this difficult time. Downton Abbey butler Jim Carter bats away the suggestion he is a national treasure, insisting he is "really more of a trinket". The 73-year-old is being modest. As Carson, he has delighted millions of viewers around the world - and in real life this Yorkshireman is renowned for niceness. His wife, actress Imelda Staunton, joins him in the latest Downton Abbey movie. They are two of our brightest stars in the acting firmament, and they have lit up not just the screen but the life of the nation.