Jon Kay spoke to Philippe Commaret, the managing director of customers at EDF on Tuesday's BBC Breakfast. As he asked him about France nationalising the company and how energy business can help struggling taxpayers, some BBC viewers accused the boss of "smirking" and "finding it funny". "What we are announcing today is a campaign to reach 100,000 of our customers to help them receive all the financial support that is available to them," Philippe commented. "And how do you help them? What does that mean in practical terms?" Jon asked. "Because there are lots of people out there who say they can't pay. "There are many others who say, 'I'm just not going to pay, I'm refusing to pay.' What can you say to them? Both groups." READ MORE: Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on Philippe replied: "What we have designed is a tailored product for each of our customers, in order to identify how we can help our customers to reduce their consumption." He later added: "We need a lot of support from our government." Jon continued to probe, asking: "Let's talk about help from the government. "Ministers would say they've already announced a number of measures, we now wait for a new Prime Minister next month to see what further help may or may not be delivered. "A lot of customers, a lot of our viewers are frustrated that they're having to wait to find out what that help might be. "Do you share those frustrations? Is it difficult for you not having a new Prime Minister in place right now at this crucial point?" As Philippe explained how the company is keen to work with the next Prime Minister, some viewers seemed to think the energy boss was trying not to laugh during the conversation. Twitter user @paulbennett2018 asked: "Was that #EDF guy smirking, on #bbcbreakfast? DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda jokes Clive 'shouldn't have' let her in [LATEST]Charlene White addresses ITV viewer complaint over weight [VIDEO]Prince Harry warned about going after Queen in new memoir [VIDEO] "I bet he's loving the soaring #energy price cap *cough*, in the UK." Matthew Chapman shared: "So the EDF CEO thinks the #CostOfLivingCrisis is funny does he....#BBCBreakfast." Meanwhile, @Waynebe66 wrote: "#BBCBreakfast isn’t asking the EDF spokesperson the right questions." @RevPaulCA echoed this, posting: "Ask the EDF guy how much prices are going up in France? #bbcbreakfast." Lisa Morrow-Mayer penned: "@BBCBreakfast Well stop paying EDF’s parent company CEO grossly huge bonus. "We’re your cow and you're milking us dry." Bill Wade fumed: "@BBCBreakfast Ha! EDF, which is owned by the French government, warns of increases to our bills while theirs is pegged at 4%, but OUR bills are why they can afford to do that. So EDF wants our gov. to pay their gov to keep their bills down...The whole damn system is broken." BBC Breakfasts airs daily from 6am on BBC One.