Prince Andrew’s now-infamous Newsnight interview will be featured in an upcoming book by former BBC producer Sam McAlister. Ms McAlister managed to clinch the unexpected royal sit-down back in 2019 when the Duke of York’s connection to disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein was the subject of intense media scrutiny. Following his disastrous interview — which brought a storm of negative coverage, prompted organisations with ties to the prince’s charities to distance themselves from him and rekindled calls for him to testify to the FBI about his tangled history with Epstein — Andrew stepped back from public life. Speaking on this week’s episode of Royally Us, Ms McAlister revealed how she managed to secure the interview and gave insight into how Andrew felt after the sit-down came to an end. She told hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross: “Well, there was this extraordinary moment when the interview ends — I had been looking at the floor because I was trying not to make eye contact — and one of the people that work with him was sat next to me and I didn’t really know what to say. “I’m terrible at being disingenuous and, having been a lawyer and a journalist, that’s quite a burden. “So I formulated my sentence very carefully: ‘So, (in a very high pitched voice) how do you think it went?’” READ MORE: Prince Andrew and Fergie advised 'to do away with any controversy' in financial dispute “And then she went: ‘Wasn’t he marvellous!’” Ms McAlister continued: “And in all sincerity, I said: ‘Yes, yes he was!’ “And as my eyes lifted, the extraordinary parting of the ways — on one side, the journalist, who knew this was an absolute unmitigated disaster and on the other side, Prince Andrew, who invited all of us on a tour.” The ex-BBC producer revealed that she did not accept the invitation, admitting that she would have found it “too difficult” to answer the question: “How did it go?” Emily Maitlis, the interviewer, did go on the tour of Windsor Castle, Ms McCalister said: “Off they went, he did a really nice, big, long tour and he seemed to be in extremely good spirits, while we were basically ashen because we could not believe what had just happened.” During the interview, Andrew, who was later stripped of all royal duties, denied he had slept with American Virginia Roberts Giuffre, one of Epstein's victims, on three separate occasions — twice while she was underage. The Duke of York also said he had “no recollection of ever meeting” Ms Giuffre. He said one encounter in 2001 did not happen as he spent the day with his daughter Princess Beatrice, taking her to Pizza Express in Woking for a party. DON'T MISS Poll results: Beatrice and Eugenie urged against Andrew’s royal return [RESULTS]BBC Newsnight boss shocked Prince Andrew didn't 'regret' Epstein link [INSIGHT]‘No way back’ Andrew's dream return to royal life in tatters [INFO] The same alleged sexual liaison, which Ms Giuffre said began with the royal sweating heavily as they danced at London nightclub Tramp, was factually wrong, the Duke said. This is because, he claimed, he had a medical condition at the time which meant he could not sweat. The interview was widely criticised with royal commentators questioning Andrew's responses and condemning his unsympathetic tone and lack of remorse for the friendship with the sex offender. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, told BBC Radio 4's World at One programme that in the wake of the interview, the Duke could find himself out of the core Royal Family, if reports are correct that the monarchy will be slimmed down when Prince Charles becomes king. Public relations and crisis consultant Mark Borkowski said about the interview: "I have never seen anything so disastrous. For any students of PR that is how not to do it. "It was like watching a man in quicksand and unfortunately, I don't think anyone would have thrown him a line to get him out." In February 2022, it was confirmed that Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement to Virginia Giuffre so the civil case brought against him would not proceed to a jury trial. The amount has never been disclosed, but it is suspected to amount to as much as £12 million, with a substantial donation being made to Ms Giuffre’s charity. Andrew has vehemently denied the allegations and the settlement was not an admission of guilt. Since then, the prince has remained out of the spotlight, only making one public appearance at a memorial service for Prince Philip, who died in April last year at the age of 99. He did not attend any of the Platinum Jubilee events in June having contracted Covid. He was reportedly blocked from taking part in the public elements of Garter Day after an intervention from Prince William and Prince Charles. It is understood that Andrew is keen to return to public life. Royal biographer Tina Brown speculated that the Duke could use his relationship with his mother, the Queen, to guide his royal return. Speaking to 60 Minutes Australia in May, Ms Brown said: “Andrew fully expects to be rehabilitated. “He’s not even accepted that he’s going to have to have a quiet few years.” She continued: “Andrew believes, strongly, that he can get back. “I’m told that this is something that he is obsessed with, that he believes is going to happen. “That overdue time he will get back into the mix."