Footage shared on social media shows the ammunition depot in the occupied Donetsk region of Ukraine on fire. There then appears to be a large explosion as bright orange flames rise high into the sky. Several bangs can also be heard, suggesting many more mini explosions at the depot. This is latest blast to rock Russia, which has experienced a series of blows from Ukraine over recent weeks. During the weekend, an explosion rocked the city of Sevastopol in Russian-annexed Crimea.   A drone crashed into the of the headquarters of the Black Sea Fleet, a pro-Moscow official reported. They added there were no casualties in the incident. Video shared on social media showed thick plumes of dark smoke rising high into the sky. Sevastopol Governor Mikhail Razvozhayev wrote on Telegram: "I am at the (Black Sea) Fleet’s headquarters now.  "A drone hit the roof here 25 minutes ago. Unfortunately, it was not downed. There are no casualties." Separately, Russia was rocked again by another explosion inside its borders, inflicting yet more panic and fear throughout the country. The major incident happened at a warehouse close to Sochi airport on Saturday morning, sending large flames and thick black smoke skywards. Dramatic images posted on social media showed a Utair aeroplane taxiing down the runway, with a massive fireball in the background as the warehouse burnt. READ MORE: Russia mutiny: Troops refuse to fight as Putin gets desperate  A video reportedly showing the aftermath of the explosion shows firefighters desperately trying to bring the blaze under control. There was no suggestion the explosion was connected to Russia's ongoing war in Ukraine. This came after explosions in the early hours of Saturday near military bases deep within Russian-held areas of Ukraine - a growing indication of Ukraine's ability to pummel Moscow from beyond the frontlines. During the past week or so, explosions inside Russia have rocked the country. DON'T MISSPutin under pressure as 'discontent is growing' - no 'visible signs' [VIDEO]Kremlin propagandists warn 'Kyiv should shake' after Russia bombing [COMMENTS]Joe Biden faces backlash from Democratic candidates ahead of midterms [LATEST]   Last Thursday, an ammunition warehouse near the border town of Belgorod went up in flames and prior to that, the Ukrainian army targeted the Saky airbase in occupied Crimea. The attack at the military airfield may have destroyed up to half of the Black Sea Fleet's quota of fighter jets, according to Western intelligence experts. An official told ITV News: "The real story is about (Russia's) Black Sea Fleet.  "They've lost their flagship Moskva, they lost Snake Island, they lost half of their naval aviation package and their military headquarters was struck. "What we are seeing now is (Russia's) Black Sea Fleet taking a very defensive position, trying to avoid getting in the line of fire. "This is a proud fleet with a long history. The credibility of that entity has been diminished." 