Gary Lineker has come under fire from football fans after he posted a controversial tweet about the England Lionesses' 2-1 win against Germany on Sunday night. In a tweet, which has since been deleted, the football pundit made a "bra" joke about the women's team. In view of his 8.5million followers, Gary had penned: “The @Lionesses have only gone and done it, and Kelly is England’s heroine, bra none.” The former footballer appeared to reference the moment Chloe Kelly celebrated her win by taking off her England shirt during the match, which revealed her sports bra underneath. The 61-year-old has since stepped in to defend himself after fans accused him of being "sexist". However, discussing the deleted tweet on his GB News show, Dan blasted Gary, telling him he needs to "reap what you sow". READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring "Now, I don't like to see anyone sort of forced into a pathetic Twitter meltdown for expressing something that is considered anti-woke or a little bit un-PC," the GB News host ranted before adding: "But wouldn't offend a single soul down the pub. "However, when that man in question is the BBC's virtue-signalling chief Gary Lineker, who spends all day doing just that to others. "I'll admit, I feel a little bit smug about it actually. "I am of course referring to Lineker's so-called sexist tweet following the Lionesses' victory." Dan went on to quote Gary's tweet, as he continued: "'The @Lionesses have only gone and done it, and Kelly is England’s heroine, bra none.' "Cue howls of outrage from all the online bores, who are usually on his side, branding the tweet and Lineker a misogynist and accusing him of casual sexism even after he pathetically deleted the words in question." Taking aim at Gary, the host added: "You reap what you sow, Mr Lineker and this is the culture you have created. "A culture where we can't even use funny puns anymore." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery [SPOILERS]A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history [VIDEO]Emmerdale DNA twist as fans 'work out' father of Charity's baby [REACTION] Gary was hit with criticism following his controversial tweet, with many calling out the BBC presenter. Despite deleting his post, the former footballer was forced to defend himself after one of his followers demanded an apology. Karen Ingala Smith told him: “@GaryLineker Please apologise for and condemn the sexist responses to your now deleted badly judged tweet.” To this, Gary replied: “It was just a play on words given the celebration. I do rubbish like that constantly on here, including on men’s football. “I’ve deleted it as many people didn't see the game so missed the context.” Karen was quick to reply, adding: “I understand that. And I don’t think your intention was to unleash the sexist smutty comments that many men made. “It’d be great if you could make clear that women’s football does not need sad men slobbering over and/or judging women’s bodies.” “I’m glad you got that it was not intended to be in any way sexist. I’m afraid I can’t control other people," Gary concluded. Express.co.uk has contacted Gary Lineker's representatives for comment on Dan's remarks. Dan Wootton Tonight airs weekdays from 9pm on GB News.