Want to find out how to watch Liverpool vs Bournemouth online and on television? We’ve got all of the details on the hotly-anticipated Premier League clash in Anfield this afternoon. Kick-off is scheduled at 3pm today (Saturday August 27, 2022) with no plans to broadcast the Premier League fixture in the UK. For those outside of the UK, the rights to Liverpool vs Bournemouth have been secured by US streaming service Peacock. Highlights will be available to watch on Match of the Day on BBC later on Saturday. If you want to watch Liverpool vs Bournemouth, you'll need to head to Anfield at 3pm BST. Highlights will be shown on Match of the Day later on August 27. Outside of the UK? If you’re currently abroad on holiday or a work trip, you’ll need to use a VPN to stream the game. In our opinion, the best VPN for streaming is ExpressVPN. For a limited time, you’ll get three months free when you sign-up for the top-rated VPN to catch all of the action from Anfield. US viewers will be able to watch Liverpool vs Bournemouth on streaming service Peacock TV, with coverage starting from 10am ET or 7am PT. You'll need a subscription to Peacock TV to watch the Premier League fixture. Unlike Netflix, which only offers streaming with a monthly plan, Peacock TV lets viewers pay per match, with prices starting from $4.99 per match. In the next set of fixtures for the Premier League, Liverpool will face off against Bournemouth and fans know that this next match could be crucial as its Liverpool’s chance to finally bring home a victory. It’s been their worst start to any season in over a decade and the team struggled with drawing both of their opening games to Fulham and Chelsea. However, the real shock was when the team lost out to United last Monday, despite being expected to dominate the match. The team will be desperate for a win having only secured two points so far this season and are currently sitting behind Bournemouth in the rankings but Juergen Klopp is confident that the team will bounce back. Injuries have largely plagued the team with Thiago Alcantara, Diogo Jota, Joel Matip and Ibrahima Konate not returning for Saturday’s match. Darwin Nunzez is still out as he is serving the second of a three-game ban after getting a red card against Crystal Palace. Naby Keita could be playing on Saturday alongside Trent Alexander-Arnold, David Allison, Joe Gomez, Virgil Van Dijk, Mo Salah and more. Bournemouth has already secured a win this season and Dominci Solanke is predicted to play on Saturday against his former club. Others that are expected in the line-up include Mark Travers, Chris Mepham, Jefferson Lerma, Jordan Zemura.