The period drama is a BBC series based on the novels of the same title by Winston Graham, with Aidan Turner starring as the main character Ross Poldark. Set between 1781 and 1801, the plot follows the title character on his return to Cornwall after the American War of Independence in 1783. The series originally began in 2015 before coming to an epic ending in 2019 when Aidan said goodbye to the character. However, he has recently opened up about returning to the show and insisted that Ross would be "older" if he went back. There are a total of 13 novels published by Graham following the life and adventures of Poldark. Each novel was adapted into the BBC series and gained a massive following, with dedicated fans to the show. Aidan recently opened up on the chances of Ross Poldark featuring in any new adaptations if there were to be any made. He explained: "There are some books… I need to check what books they are. I think Ross is quite a bit older… I think Jeremy, Ross’s son, he’s 16 or 18 or something. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family "And I think when we left Ross, I think Jeremy might only be 10. I’m not quite sure," he told Radio Times. Despite Aidan feeling as if he is too young to play Ross if he was to ever returns, fans haven't given up hope at the prospect of the charming character returning. However, when asked if there were any plans in the near future for Poldark to return, Aidan simply replied: "No." During the height of his fame and starring in the drama, stills of his topless torso went viral, however, he has expressed that he didn't feel objectified. Speaking to The Times, he explained: "I mean, I know it’s different for a young guy to show up in some of those photographs or that kind of show, and have that kind of press, in comparison to it happening to a young girl. “It’s a different thing. I don’t fear for my safety when I walk around. My demographic for Poldark was more women." When touching on being recognised in public, he added: "I don’t hate it. People have only ever been really, really kind, really lovely. “And it’s only ever fans. I don’t love it because I’d like to not be noticed and I think a lot of actors too quite enjoy people-watching and observing and that goes out the window if you’re getting recognised. DON'T MISS...POLL: Do you think Strictly judging line-up needs to change? [INSIGHT]Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 [LATEST]Where are the Last of the Summer Wine cast now? [WATCH] “People are locking eyes with you. It just feels unsettling. It feels a bit creepy." Taking a step back from the period dramas, Aidan is set to star in the latest ITV drama, The Suspect. Aidan plays Joe O’Loughlin, a psychologist whose squeaky-clean image comes under scrutiny when he becomes entangled in an investigation into a young woman's death. The official synopsis reads: "Doctor Joe O’Loughlin appears to have a perfect life with a devoted wife, loving daughter, successful practice as a criminal psychologist, media profile and publishing deal. "When a young woman is found dead he is only too willing to offer help with his profiling and expertise. "But as the investigation into the woman’s death gathers pace, we start to ask, do we know the real Joe, or does he have a secret life?" Expressing his excitement for the show, Aidan said in an official statement: "I am thrilled to be taking on the complex and demanding role of Joseph O'Loughlin. "A man with so much to give but so much to lose, and a hidden darker side." The Suspect begins on Monday, August 29 at 9pm on ITV.