Senior political campaign director Peter Barnes condemned Boris Johnson for not taking action over the ongoing cost of living crisis and stressed the way the outgoing Prime Minister has approached the crisis is “just kind of saying it’s not my problem anymore”. Mr Barnes suggested it might be better to end the Tory leadership contest earlier to allow the next Prime Minister to act immediately to tackle the current crisis and stressed that “for these weeks, time is money”. Mr Barnes told GB News: “I’m not particularly happy with Boris and Number 10 at the moment, where they just seem to be sat on their hands saying ‘we’re just going to wait for the next guy’. “I’m sorry but I don’t think that’s going to wash with a great number of people. “For once I’m actually in agreement with Nicola Sturgeon, I do think the action is needed now. “Families are feeling the pinch now, it’s only going to get worse as we’ve already seen the Bank of England’s forecasts over inflation. “Realistically, there is not a lot that Boris can do at the moment because anything he does put in place it’s more than likely either it’s going to be overturned or it’s going to be rechecked around by whoever becomes the next Prime Minister." he continued: “However, it’s the way that Number 10 has approached this, it’s just kind of saying with the hands up in the air ‘it’s not my problem anymore’. “I think this is what a lot of people will have a problem with, I think a lot of people understand we’ll wait for the next Prime Minister because it’s not that far away, but it’s just the messing of it that has been pretty terrible.” GB News presenter Isabel Webster asked: “Would it be better to say, 'let’s call it a day on this race to become Prime Minister and get on the business of the day'?” READ MORE: UK meringue company ends all exports to EU over Brexit 'disaster' He responded: “Well, it was one of my biggest criticisms on this race, it was actually how long is it planned to go on for? “It seems just to never end, and I think you’re right that it’s about time that we kind of got to the end of this process. “I know it’s only a few weeks to go but for these few weeks time is money”. The comments came as Boris Johnson has rejected pleas to intervene in the cost of living crisis, refusing calls for an emergency budget and a COBRA meeting. DON'T MISS: Brexit: Rejoiner Adonis details REAL goal of 'UK’s pro-EU forces' [WATCH]Boris Johnson misled Parliament claims ex-staff [LISTEN]Devon cliff dramatically COLLAPSES into beach below [INSIGHT] The calls to the Prime Minister came as a report, commissioned by former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, forecasted that some families in the UK are expected to be up to £1600 a year worse off amid the current cost of living crisis. Gordon Brown also urged the Prime Minister to sit down with leadership contenders Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss to discuss energy measures in light of the cost of living forecasts. Despite the call from the former Prime Minister, Boris Johnson’s official dismissed the call and said: “There are no plans for that to happen”. Boris Johnson’s decision not to act on the cost of living has sparked criticism among Labours who condemned his approach, urging him to intervene in the interest of the nation. Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves said: “People are worried sick about how they’ll pay their bills and do their weekly food shop, and all this Tory prime minister does is shrug his shoulders. “An economic crisis like this requires strong leadership and urgent action, but instead we have a Tory party that’s lost control and are stuck with two continuity candidates who can only offer more of the same”. READ NEXT: Britons in Europe being denied basic healthcare in Brexit blockNewsnight: Ex-Thatcher ally slams Bank of England over interest hikesDemocrats project their hopes on Meghan to make a Presidential runBrexiteer dismisses UK-France task force after Macron ‘plotting’UK meringue company ends all exports to EU over Brexit 'disaster'