Nick Kyrgios has described world No 1 Daniil Medvedev as a “machine” as the pair prepare for their enticing Canadian Open encounter in Montreal. The entertaining Australian is set to face the top seed Medvedev next after sealing his place in the second round and is wary of the task in front of him. Kyrgios made it 14 wins from his last 15 matches after beating Sebastian Baez in a 6-4, 6-4 victory on Monday. That followed the 27-year-old’s impressive double triumph at the Citi Open in Washington DC last week, having won both the singles and doubles titles. While Kyrgios played down the importance of rankings in measuring his opponents’ difficulty, he conceded that US Open champion Medvedev will be a difficult test — hailing his upcoming opponent as a “machine”. "Medvedev is coming from a title too and he is the No.1 in the world," Kyrgios told reporters on Tuesday. "It's not like the rankings mean too much as the guy I played today is ranked ahead of me. But Medvedev is a machine." READ MORE: Medvedev fires warning to Nadal and Kyrgios ahead of US Open Like Kyrgios, Medvedev is brimming with confidence after securing his first title of 2022 by winning the Los Cabos Open in Mexico. He beat Britain’s Cameron Norrie 7-5, 6-0 in the final to secure his 14th ATP singles title and didn’t drop a set in his four matches en route to the final. “Feeling 100 per cent physically mentally ready,” he said on Monday ahead of his clash with Kyrgios. “Really happy with Los Cabos for sure with the title. Looking forward to [playing] here, trying to get some good matches.” Medvedev has won 28 of his 37 matches in 2022, boasting a 75 per cent win percentage, and the Russian will have the benefit of coming into the clash feeling fresh after entering in the second round, while Kyrgios played in the first as he was unseeded. MORE TENNIS NEWSMedvedev, Djokovic, Nadal warned of Kyrgios threat at US OpenKyrgios copies Federer and Nadal feat Djokovic has never matchedDjokovic gives Kyrgios tip to win a Grand Slam after Citi Open win  That record gives him one more victory than Kyrgios, who has played fewer matches (34) and therefore boasts a higher win percentage of 79 per cent. It only serves to show how much improvement Krygios has made on the court, having also reached his first Grand Slam final at Wimbledon this year before losing to the indomitable Novak Djokovic. Kyrgios leads the head-to-head 2-1 against Medvedev, with their last meeting coming at the Australian Open this year. But he is under no illusions about the difficulty of his task in beating the defending champion in Montreal, admitting it “sucks” to be facing Medvedev. “I know I've got Medvedev next which kind of sucks," he told Tennis Channel. “I feel like against pretty much any player right now, I'd feel extremely confident. "Obviously I feel confident going up against him, but we all know what he can produce. It's going to be a good match for sure. I'm a bit tired but I'm gonna try and give him a good run."