This Morning presenter Philip Schofield, 60, moved into a house in Chiswick, in West London back in September 2020 on his own, seven months after he came out as gay. The property has an estimated worth of £2million and is completely different from his former family home with ultra-chic modern decor. With a net worth of around £10.2million, according to Celebritynetworth.com, it’s unsurprising that the tv star can afford such a lavish property. Since 2002, Schofield has been a presenter on the ITV daytime show This Morning replacing John Leslie with Fern Britton until 2009 and with Holly Willoughby who replaced Britton in September that year. Born in Oldham, Lancashire, and growing up on Newquay in Cornwall, the television host now resides in a two bedroom semi-detached house in Chiswick that’s located in the London borough of Hounslow. The house, just a stone's throw from The Thames, is close to his ITV colleague Declan Donnelly’s home and Ant McPartlin's former home he shared with Lisa Armstrong. Neighbours told MailOnline that they had regularly seen the presenter around the area. He has also been frequenting pubs along the River Thames, which just lies a short distance from his new home. READ MORE: Matt and Emma Willis’ quiet life in their stunning £1.7million home Locals said that Philip is seen more on foot or bike than in his luxury Jaguar sports car which has a private number plate and is parked on the forecourt of his new home. A former fishing village, the riverside district of Chiswick is an affluent area that offers all the benefits of the busy city centre without the hustle and bustle. A favourite with many celebrities, this leafy suburb proves that living on the edges of London doesn’t mean you have to miss out on the best that the city has to offer. It’s a beautiful town with a village feel and has plenty of green areas — the opposite of what you might expect from industrial, concrete London. DON'T MISS: How to ‘revive’ your ‘wilted’ and ‘drooping’ hydrangeas [TIPS]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [INSIGHT]‘Correct’ way to remove ‘yellow stains’ from pillows without scrubbing [EXPERT] Chiswick House is a particular highlight, with its gorgeous gardens making it the perfect place to take the dog, and the kids, for a walk. It also has all the amenities you could want, with outstanding schools, plenty of shops and homely, welcoming pubs and eateries, yet its excellent travel links mean the excitement of central London is just a short train ride away. It’s not just the people and overall atmosphere of Chiswick that make it such a nice place to live; it also boasts some stunning sights, especially from the Victorian homes that sit beside the River Thames. Properties in Chiswick had an overall average house price of £1,070,953 over the last year, according to the latest figures from Rightmove. READ MORE: Gary Lineker’s quiet life in Surrey town - house prices £1million The majority of sales in Chiswick during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £563,807. Terraced properties sold for an average of £1,205,559, with semi-detached properties fetching £1,765,441. Overall, sold prices in Chiswick over the last year were 10 percent up on the previous year and 10 percent up on the 2017 peak of £972,245. Prior to 2020, he lived with his wife Stephanie at their home in Oxfordshire. He is said to be keen to keep his divorce from his wife of 27 years Steph as amicable as possible and maintain a good relationship with his daughters. As well as his new property in Chiswick, he is building an annexe at the family home in Oxfordshire. The new house on a wide residential road boasts a magnificent open-plan kitchen, three receptions, six bedrooms and a converted basement. Schofield's first home with Steph before they married was also in Chiswick, which might also explain the move. They met when he was 25 and had just landed a job on the BBC’s flagship Saturday morning show, Going Live, and she was a researcher. The young couple moved to the leafy west London suburb, and married six years later. He reportedly told a friend that he had known ‘within three weeks’ that Steph was the woman he was going to marry, and that they were deeply infatuated with each other in the early days.