Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has made it clear he wants to make further additions to his squad before the close of the summer transfer window. The Gunners have won their first three matches of the Premier League season but Arteta is not content yet. Arsenal have spent around £120million on new signings so far. The likes of Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko have hit the ground running at the Emirates. Zinchenko was the last player through the door almost a month ago, as Arteta turned his attention to shifting some players no longer part of his plans. But with the likes of Lucas Torreira, Bernd Leno and Pablo Mari having left, and Nicolas Pepe edging towards an exit, the club's transfer chiefs can look at bringing in new players again. After the 3-0 win at Bournemouth on Saturday, Arteta said the start to the campaign "doesn't change" his plans and admitted "we are short" and wants to add "more firepower". Express Sport looks at five players the Gunners could sign before the window shuts on September 1. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo U-turn, Newcastle eye double deal, Caicedo latest  Tielemans has been linked with a move to the Emirates throughout the summer. He dropped to the bench for Leicester's 2-1 loss to Southampton on Saturday. A deal would appear simple to complete if Arsenal do match the asking price of around £25m-£30m. Tielemans would be keen on the move, it's just whether Arteta deems him a necessary buy. Rumours surrounding Lyon star Paqueta have gone quiet in recent weeks. Arsenal technical director Edu is a big fan of his fellow Brazilian. Transfer reporter Sacha Tavolieri claims a January move is more likely. However, nothing can be ruled out in the final few days of the window. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four players in trouble with Glazers ready to spend £107.3mMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroTottenham flop 'in Nottingham Forest's sights' as new boys eye 17th signing  Arsenal want to sign a winger and Spain international Pino has been linked. The 19-year-old has already become a regular starter for Villarreal in La Liga. Villarreal are not keen on selling Pino though. Expert Fabrizio Romano claims the Gunners would have to pay a lot more than £38m to sign him. Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mudryk is the latest winger to be a reported target for Arsenal. The 21-year-old has been labelled the 'Ukrainian Neymar'. Media Foot Marseille report that Arsenal are actively interested in signing Mudryk. The Gunners would have to pay at least £17million for Shakhtar to consider selling.  Arsenal's interest in Gakpo has seemingly gone cold of late. Manchester United were interested in signing the Holland international. However, the Red Devils seem to be focusing their attention on Ajax star Antony instead. That could leave the door open for Arsenal to pursue Gakpo. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here  