Ofgem, the UK's energy regulator, has today announced that the energy price cap will now be updated every three months instead of six, meaning customers bills could rise even further over the coming months. The firm said "market conditions" have forced it to look at the cap, which determines how much energy firms can charge their customers. The change could have wide-ranging implications for Britons' bills as they navigate the cost-of-living crisis. So what does it really mean for you and your bills. Express explains how the price cap works and what changes are expected. Ofgem's energy price cap functions as an energy bill limiter and prevents companies from charging their customers exorbitant amounts. The cap was introduced in 2019 and acts as a limit on what providers can charge for electricity usage, capping: The cap only applies to standard and default tariffs, however, meaning customers on fixed-term energy deals can't rely on Ofgem's modification. The aim of the cap was to ensure customers received a fair price and weren't being charged for unexpectedly high bills. But the latest announcement will likely mean those higher costs are likely anyway. The energy price cap was previously updated twice a year, meaning every six months, the cap could rise - or fall. Now, under the new plans announced by Ofgem today, the cap will be updated four times a year, or every three months. The change might not sound like much, but with bills rising across the board, such a move could drastically affect families already struggling. The price cap was last updated in April 2022 and the next update will be in October 2022. After that, the next review would have been due in April 2023, but instead we could be facing another rise in January 2023 and then another in April. We're still waiting for confirmation on what the next price cap update will be. That announcement will be made at the end of August, and will take force in October. But many energy consultancies have warned prices could spiral even further, with Cornwall Insight forecasting that the cap would hit £3,359 per year from October for the average household. They then forecast this could rise to £3,616 from January and then again further increase to £3,729 from April. For comparison, in October last year, the cap was £1,277. The plans will, according to experts, help energy companies stay afloat in a troubling environment. But they will likely offload some of the burden onto British bill-payers as energy companies reconsider pricing more regularly. Higher price caps mean that energy firms are allowed to cover rising wholesale energy costs by charging their customers more. Ofgem's more regular adjustments mean their prices may now increase more regularly, but, equally, means the regulators can better pass on falling costs. The organisation said the rising price cap would continue to "remove the risk of prices rising quickly for consumers when wholesale prices go up". When wholesale prices fall, officials pledged, "these reductions will be passed on in full to customers through a lower price cap" and the quarterly updates mean they can enact a lower cap more quickly. Jonathan Brearley, the CEO of Ofgem, said he understood the situation was "deeply worrying" for many Britons, and blamed Russia for rising wholesale costs. He said the "trade-offs" Ofgem needs to make on behalf of customers are "extremely difficult", but added the changes would "ensure the price cap does its job". Mr Brearley also pledged to keep working with the Government, consumer groups and energy companies "on what further support can be provided to help with these higher prices”. But consumer advocates have criticised the decision for failing to give British households adequate protection. Justina Miltienyte, head of policy at energy price comparison site Uswitch.com, accused Ofgem of helping companies instead of customers, saying the price cap was a "sticking plaster" dealing with the market's wider failures, and that Ofgem's proposed changes are "another attempted quick fix". Ms Miltienyte added: “A quarterly review will mean that consumers are less shielded from rising prices in the short term. The next price change due on January 1 – just after Christmas – is already expected to increase from the price projected in October.”