Russian propagandist and TV presenter Dmitry Kiselyov, who was appointed as head of Rossiya Segodnya, a Russian state-controlled media group, directly by Russian President Vladimir Putin, made a number of allegations on Russia-1 TV channel, purporting to know the real reasons for the war in Ukraine. Speaking with disturbing conviction, the media director listed a number of wars between European countries and Russia dating as far back as 1709, suggesting that the current conflict was, in reality, a reaction to the “humiliating” defeats inflicted by Russia in the past against other European nations, instead of retaliation to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine in February of this year. Mr Kiselyov said: “Western countries are still unable to forgive us for the defeats they suffered in campaigns against Russia. “The Swedes will not forgive us for humiliating Charles XII’s army bear Poltava and now they are requesting that Russia be finished off precisely because of Poltava. “But they have not got the guts themselves so they have found some fools in Ukraine to fight Russia. ‘Finish off that scum’, they are saying. “The French won’t forgive us for Borodino, which for Napoleon’s great army, an armada of 600,000 men, was a strategic breakdown in their campaign against Russia. “And who didn’t march with Napoleon? Poles, Italians, Spaniards and even the Swiss did! In fact, half of the great army’s warriors were German-speaking: Prussians, Austrians, Saxons, Bavarians and Wurrtembergers.”    He added: “Today, they are still upset. They shake the Ukrainian defence minister’s hand and at the same time tell him, ‘Finish off the scum for us’. “And the Germans, according to Arestovych and Reznikov, were silently winking, but could presumably have also added: ‘Finish off the scum for beating us at Stalingrad and Berlin because it did not work for us either.’ “Incidentally, apart from Germans, thousands of Romanians and Italians took part in the battle of Stalingrad. And as for Berlin, apart from German divisions it was also defended by the SS division Nordland, which consisted of Danes, Dutch and Norwegians. “And the Reichstag itself was defended by the French SS division Charlemagne.” READ MORE: Russia detains own spy chief [REVEAL]   Mr Kiselyov seemed unemotional as he recited the various wars upon which he claims the conflict in Ukraine is really based. HIs delivery made for disturbing viewing as it is a manner often spared in favour of aggressive, emphatic rants on the Russian channel. But users on social media appeared less than convinced of the media director’s arguments. One user on Twitter wrote: “Lol, most Britons haven't even heard of those battles.” Another user, heralding from Sweden, posted: “As a Swede, I don't hate Russia for Poltava 1709. I hate Russia for everything it has done and still does. It's really as simple as that.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: '12 out of 10' Putin's war in TATTERS - Russians crumble [LIVE] Putin loses patience over Navy humiliation of sunken flagship [REPORT] Ukrainian drone targets Russian tank in catastrophic explosion - VID [REVEAL]   It comes as Ukrainian forces reported heavy Russian shelling and attempts to advance on several towns in the eastern region of Donetsk, an area that has become a key focus of the near six-month war, but said they had repelled many of the attacks. The General Staff of Ukraine's armed forces also reported Russian shelling of more than a dozen towns on the southern front - particularly the Kherson region, mainly controlled by Russian forces, but where Ukrainian troops are steadily capturing territory. Much attention has been focused on the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant in southern Ukraine amid fears of a catastrophe over renewed shelling in recent days that Russia and Ukraine blame on each other. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has called for the establishment of a demilitarised zone and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned Russian soldiers who shoot at Europe's largest nuclear power station, or use it as a base to shoot from, that they will become a “special target” of Ukrainian forces. READ NEXT: Vow to target troops over nuclear plant ‘blackmail’Ukraine blames Russia for fresh attack at ZaporizhzhiaChina unleashes cyber warfare on Russia's defence industries Russians psychologically torturing nuclear plant staffHapless Russian defence tries and fails to stop major Ukraine strike  