Footage from inside the Zaporizhzhia power plant appears to show lines of Russian military vehicles parked inside the turbine hall. Footage of the Russian vehicles, emblazoned with the infamous Z emblem, comes amid fears over a nuclear false flag attack at the site as Ukraine troops look to seize back territory in the country's south. Canadian Forces Intelligence Command has reported that the Kremlin has ordered military equipment into the site close to reactor buildings and other key facilities. Meanwhile, separate footage has emerged online placing Russian military vehicles inside the plant's turbine hall. The fighting near Zaporizhzhia and a missile strike on the southern town of Voznesensk, not far from Ukraine's second-largest atomic plant, have spurred fears of a nuclear accident. On Sunday, U.S. President Joe Biden, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Macron held a phone call stressing the importance of ensuring the safety of nuclear installations, while underlining their "steadfast commitment" to Ukraine. Moscow says it is engaged in a "special military operation" to disarm and "denazify" its neighbour. Ukraine and its allies say Moscow has launched an unprovoked war of aggression. President Volodymyr Zelensky has urged vigilance ahead of Wednesday's celebrations of 31 years of Ukraine's independence from Soviet rule. Ukrainians must not allow Moscow to "spread despondency and fear" ahead of the August 24 events, which also mark six months since Russia began its full-scale invasion of Ukraine, Zelenskiy said in his nightly video address on Saturday. "We must all be aware that this week Russia could try to do something particularly ugly, something particularly vicious," Zelensky said. In Russia, the daughter of an ultra-nationalist Russian ideologue who advocates Russia absorbing Ukraine was killed in a suspected car bomb attack outside Moscow on Saturday evening, Russian state investigators said on Sunday.  They said Darya Dugina, daughter of prominent ideologue Alexander Dugin, was killed after a suspected explosive device detonated on the Toyota Land Cruiser she was travelling in, and they were considering "all versions" when it came to working out who was responsible. As the war that has killed thousands and forced millions to flee heads for its half-year mark, Ukrainian military and local officials reported more Russian strikes overnight on targets in the east and south of the country. Ukraine's general staff said on Facebook early on Sunday that over the past 24 hours Russian forces had conducted several attempted assaults in Donbas. The eastern border region controlled in part by pro-Moscow separatists has been a prime target of Russia's campaign in the past months. In the south, Russian forces conducted a successful assault on a village of Blahodatne at the border between Kherson and Mykolaiv regions. The city of Mykolaiv was hit with multiple S-300 missiles early on Sunday, regional governor Vitaliy Kim said on Telegram. DON'T MISS: Putin 'struggling to sell war' after mounting sabotage attacks [VIDEO]'Union militants are putting the jobs of rail workers at risk' [COMMENT]Nuclear fears soar as Putin pounds city near power plant [LIVE]  The area on the Black Sea coast has seen some of the fiercest fighting of the past weeks. As Moscow and Ukraine continue to trade accusations of shelling around the Zaporizhzhia complex, the United Nations has called for a demilitarized zone around the plant and talks continued about a visit of its nuclear agency to the area. Zelensky in his speech also referred obliquely to a recent series of explosions in Crimea, the Black Sea peninsula Russia annexed from Ukraine in 2014. Ukraine has not claimed responsibility for the attacks, but analysts have said at least some have been made possible by new equipment used by its forces. 