West Ham remain in talks with Paris Saint-Germain over a deal for Thilo Kehrer after the Ligue 1 champions rejected an opening proposal from the Irons. The London Stadium hierarchy remain determined to strike an agreement for the German international defender, although they will have to raise their offer and see off interest from Sevilla in order to push a transfer over the line. Kehrer is thought to be open to a move to West Ham as he seeks regular football ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar. The Hammers remain in negotiations with the French giants and are expected to raise their opening offer imminently after initially tabling around £10million. Sevilla are also at the table but so far neither club are yet to satisfy PSG's £16m valuation of the 25-year-old. West Ham are in the market for additional cover at centre-back after sanctioning the £15m departure of Issa Diop to Fulham. READ MORE: Taylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham deal The Frenchman has been vying for the switch across London for the best part of two months but Moyes was reluctant to weaken his defensive line after losing new signing Nayef Aguerd to an ankle injury sustained in the pre-season friendly defeat to Rangers in July. The club have also held talks over move for Fenerbahce defender Attila Szalai, who is deemed capable of playing at both centre-back and left-back. Szalai caught the eye for his national side Hungary in their two Nations League victories over England at the back end of last season. Russian side Zenit St-Petersburg are also interested in the 24-year-old as Fenerbahce continue to discuss a potential deal with both interested parties. Sources have told Express Sport that Fenerbahce have discussed West Ham's interest with the player ahead of the Europa League play-off second-leg against FC Slovacko in Brno, Czech Republic. READ MOREChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comebackTaylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham dealMan Utd and Chelsea have potential transfer openings blocked after Barcelona development A left-back is still among West Ham's top priorities as Moyes seeks additional cover for Aaron Cresswell following Arthur Masuaku's loan move to Besiktas. Eintracht Frankfurt's Filip Kostic, who is now set to complete a move to Juventus, had been identified as a versatile target capable of playing in multiple positions up and down the left flank. However, Maxwell Cornet has since arrived in east London in a deal worth £17.5m and the Ivorian provides Moyes with some flexibility, given he can also operate in a wing-back role. It's understood that West Ham's pursuit of Kehrer is not directly related to their interest in Szalai and signing both players is not out of the equation. Leicester City full-back Luke Thomas has also attracted admirers at West Ham, who are yet to firm up their interest with a formal offer. Manchester United defender Eric Bailly and Michael Keane of Everton have also recently been linked with moves to the London Stadium. Moyes has made it clear that he wants at least three more new signings before the transfer window closes on September 1. Another forward is also on the agenda after West Ham sanctioned the loan departure of Nikola Vlasic to Torino, who have secured an option to buy within the agreement. Said Benrahma's future at the club is also in doubt but West Ham are yet to receive any formal approaches for the Algerian.