The UK could be hit by a major wasp invasion towards the end of the summer, thanks to this year's dry and hot weather. Many pest control firms are already reporting more call-outs than average for early August. Numbers of these stinging pests fluctuate year on year as the weather can dictate their survival through the springtime. A late summer surge is normal, but this year's soaring temperatures and lack of rain could lead to a particularly high number of wasps across the country. Wasp numbers fluctuate year on year because the weather through the springtime can affect their survival. Wasps tend to build their nests during the spring in trees, attics - and even underground. Bad weather and heavy storms can ruin their hard work and limit the insect's chance of surviving into the warmer months ahead. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ 99p method to naturally repel mice from homes This year Britain's sweltering temperatures combined with a severe lack of rainfall has led water companies forcing hosepipe bans on millions of households. These conditions are the ideal environment for wasps to multiply, meaning Brits could face an alarming invasion as summer comes to a close. During the later months, the unpopular insects become sugar-crazed as their larvae grow into full sized wasps, meaning they need to find a new source of energy. Sebastien Pommereul, manager of the company Stop Wasps – Stop Pests, spoke to BFMTV and explained: "This year, we are doing between 10 to 12 interventions a day. Last year, we were at five." The onslaught of the insects has even led 2022 to be dubbed “the year of the wasp” as it has been the “worst in years”, according to exterminators. DON'T MISS: Francis Tophill shares why you don't have to water grass in summer [EXPERT]Dame Julie Walters’ quiet life in picturesque West Sussex village [INSIGHT]Why has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden [COMMENT] For those of us who end up unlucky enough to be stung by a wasp this summer, the NHS states: "Insect bites and stings will usually cause a red, swollen lump to develop on the skin. This may be painful and in some cases can be very itchy. "The symptoms will normally improve within a few hours or days, although sometimes they can last a little longer." However, for some it can cause an allergic reaction in some people that can still be considered “mild”. The NHS guides: "A larger area of skin around the bite or sting becomes swollen, red and painful. This should pass within a week." The best way to avoid encountering these pests is to deter them from entering the places you want to be, such as inside properties and in gardens. READ MORE: Tomato plants: How to grow ‘bigger and tastier’ tomatoes in gardens According to the experts, all the best ways to keep wasps away involve utilising their sense of smell. Kameliya Ilieva, Pest Control Specialist at Fantastic Services said: “Wasps, like every insect, possess a keen sense of smell. “This attracts them to food sources but is also how you deter them from your home or garden.” In addition to the multiple ways of cleaning with white vinegar, it turns out that this kitchen staple can also be used to keep wasps away. The expert suggested: “Vinegar is another natural ingredient that is effective against wasps and can be used to keep them away. "Spraying a mixture of vinegar and water will irritate them and their sense of smell and keep them at bay without harming them. “You can create your own DIY spray to keep any wasps away from your garden or outside working areas.” To do this, fill an empty spray bottle with equal parts white vinegar and water, and you’re all set. Remember, you can spray different areas outside, but it will only work for a limited time, as this is a temporary solution. So be sure to mix up enough solution to last the duration of your stay outdoors. It’s recommended to spray the diluted solution on table linens and other upholsteries that can be washed, should you find the vinegar smell a little overpowering – however, it shouldn't linger for too long.