Today, August 25, 2022, would have been Sean Connery's 92nd birthday. The actor, who was born in 1930, made a name for himself in Hollywood for playing James Bond in seven films over three decades. He kicked off his 007 tenure in 1962 with Dr No. He starred in five films until 1967 when he was replaced by George Lazenby. But he quickly made a comeback. After Lazenby played Bond in one movie - On Her Majesty's Secret Service - Connery returned for one final film: 1971's Diamonds are Forever. He also made a separate Bond movie without MGM based on Ian Fleming's Thunderball: Never Say Never Again. After that, he watched half a dozen actors join the ranks of James Bond in cinema, finishing with Daniel Craig. Craig starred in five movies - most recently 2021's No Time To Die. And although they were decades apart in age, they had a good relationship. Their surprising connection began when Bond bosses were criticised for casting Craig as the new Bond. Craig was slammed by the press for being blonde - a trait never before held by a Bond actor. When Connery was quizzed over Craig's hair colour, he replied: "I think Daniel Craig is a terrific choice." He then added: "I think they're going back to a more realistic type of Bond movie as I don't think they could have gone much further with the special effects." The feeling between Connery and Craig, as it turns out, was mutual. READ MORE: Next James Bond: First female 007 announced for Casino Royale remake Years later, Craig was asked which of the previous Bond actors were his favourite. He promptly replied: "Sean. And I’ve loved all the others equally, but Sean’s always gonna be the one." His admiration and respect for Connery continued up until the star's death. Connery died on October 31, 2020. He was at his home in the Bahamas with his family at the time. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: First female 007 announced for Casino Royale remake [NEWS]How Sean Connery went from milkman to millionaire [INSIGHT]Next James Bond: Bad news for Sam Heughan fans after 'casting news' [INFO] The 90-year-old died "surrounded by his family". They added that he had been "unwell for some time". Craig released a statement praising the actor for his work on Bond, and as an actor. He called Connery "one of the true greats of cinema". He added: "Sir Sean Connery will be remembered as Bond and so much more. He defined an era and a style. The wit and charm he portrayed on screen could be measured in megawatts; he helped create the modern blockbuster." Craig went on: "He will continue to influence actors and filmmakers alike for years to come. My thoughts are with his family and loved ones." He concluded by referencing the star's favourite pastime: Golf. Craig wrote: "Wherever he is, I hope there is a golf course." SOURCE