The Queen has been honoured for avoiding an “emotional reaction” to the shocking revelations of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a series of harsh allegations against the royal family during a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. With hopes to resolve the matter privately, the Queen reportedly took time to reflect upon the interview and sympathise with the couple before releasing an official Buckingham Palace statement.    Steven Shalowitz, host of the One Way Ticket Show podcast, welcomed royal commentator Victoria Arbiter to discuss her experiences of the royal family. Speaking of the Queen’s approach to controversy, Ms Arbiter said: “She never gives an emotional reaction to something. She pauses, she takes a very measured approach. “She stops, she listens, she learns and then she considers before responding in any capacity. “In many respects we saw those tactics at play when Harry and Meghan decided to leave the monarchy.”    Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made the decision to step back from royal life in 2020, eventually relocating and settling in America where they now live with their children. In 2021, the couple participated in an eye-opening interview with Oprah Winfrey, during which both the Duke and Duchess made several allegations against “the firm” which rocked the royal family. Ms Arbiter continued: “They had released all of their information about how they planned to do it and what had upset them and their many grievances. “The Queen did not react right away - I think it took a good three or four days before there was a statement from Buckingham Palace.” Read more: Dr Shola RAGES at Royal Family as Andrew keeping security   Days after the interview aired, a simple official statement was released on behalf of the Queen. The statement read: “The whole family is saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan. “The issues raised, particularly that of race, are concerning. While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately. “Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved family members.” Don't miss: Meghan and Harry face 'bigger problem' after refusing to 'rebrand' [REVEAL]'Should not be up for debate' Harry's security should be reinstated [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew's taxpayer-funded security 'can't be justified'  [ANALYSIS] Ms Arbiter continued: “It was a three line statement with the crux summed up as ‘recollections may vary.’ She didn’t throw further logs on the fire. “In saying that, it was like, we heard you, we perhaps see things a little differently, now let's hash this out behind the scenes.” While it is not commonplace for the Palace to comment on the media, Ms Arbiter added: “With everything spiralling as it was, they had to say something.” She concluded: “I think the Queen is really a master of less is more because the more and more you try to explain something, the more you try to talk your way around something, that’s going to be interpreted and people are going to with their specific agenda at play.” Read next: Prince Harry tipped for return in UK within years 'in a new role'Prince Harry sent dire warning over new bombshell bookRoyal aide stunned expert after forgetting Eugenie and BeatriceQueen’s given names unveil her forgotten heritage‘Don’t see future role’ for Beatrice and Eugenie, expert says