Veronica Jemmott had taken 13-year-old Bentley on his normal walk around Ladbroke Grove in west London on July 13 when he got hold of some chicken that was "poisoned and left out for foxes". The devastated 54-year-old is urging dog owners to be cautious as she warns of the potential danger. She told My London: "On this particular day he ate what looked like a box of Kentucky chicken, and by the time I got to him and took it out of his mouth and threw the box in the bin, he was OK. Then in the night, he had a bit of diarrhoea." Veronica went to work later, but received a phone call from her daughter telling her that Bentley was unwell. She said: "He was throwing up, he had diarrhoea. When I got in I took him to the emergency vet, and they looked at him and gave him medication and said he's dehydrated but he should be fine." The vet told Veronica that there were fragments of bone in Bentley's faeces, but he should be fine. She took Bentley home with some medication, but at 2am she woke up and found him dead on the stairs. Less than 24 hours after Bentley had eaten the unknown food item, he had died. Veronica said: "I was in shock. It happened so quickly." Since Bentley's death Veronica said that she has been speaking to others who claim to have experienced the same thing. She said: "I've been reading online about other people that said exactly the same thing, their animals have passed away because people have been putting poison down to get rid of the foxes." Bentley had been with the family since he was just eight-weeks-old, and they have been left devastated since his sudden and unexpected death. Veronica's grandson has been asking where Bentley is as he does not understand that he is not coming back. Veronica said: "We've all lost our routine. He was just part of our family, you come in and the house is silent. It's just really really sad." Veronica warned neighbours on the app Next Door about the dangers with a post that said: "I wanted to let the pet owners walking their dogs to be very careful, because my beloved dog Bentley ate poison and sadly passed away within hours, I took him to the emergency vet but he died in the early hours of Friday morning. "I have spoken to a few pet owners and they said they think someone has been putting poison out to kill the foxes. Around the Ladbroke Grove area. I am heartbroken." The RSPCA also warns dog owners against the dangers of pets eating old leftover food and rubbish. The RSPCA says: "Garbage toxicosis is a condition caused by the ingestion of mouldy, decaying food that is contaminated with bacteria or other toxic substances."