CASH IN THE ATTIC left two contestants over the moon as they pocketed over £4,000 on the show after selling their parent's antiques and paintings. The brand new series of Cash in the Attic kicked off in spectacular fashion, with a retired civil servant and his stepson taking home a huge amount of cash. Chris Kamara, alongside antiques expert Paul Hayes, were delighted to announce the exciting news for the pair.  Their target was to take home £1000, but they more than quadrupled the expected amount, with items sold from an emotional Ian's late mother. Channel 5's new look show with former Sky Sports favourite Kammy at the helm, began with Ian and his stepson Bradley. The pair were looking to find a new home for his mother's collection of paintings, vases and other valuable items. When the show's expert revealed the amount, they were both visibly moved by what they'd raised. READ MORE: This Morning backlash as Twitter trolls attack guest Jessica Alves over £1m surgery TV presenting legend Chris, shared the joy of the success the duo had. Ahead of the big reveal, he remarked: "Brad, Ian, your faces are a picture, did you enjoy it?" Knowing they had raised a lot of money, without a precise figure however, the former civil servant replied: "I was thinking of my mum and she'd have loved to have been here. "She'd have been proud and happy," he concluded, before expert Paul delivered the news. Antiques TV veteran Paul revealed: "Taking into account all the items, all the paintings, all that lovely Crown Derby and Moorcroft and everything. I can say with a massive smile on my face you've made £4537." Both of the contestants grinned from ear to ear before embracing. As part of the celebration Ian joked: "That's a few Coca Cola's mate!" Stepson Bradley had plans to use the money for his honeymoon. Continuing the cheery end to the show, Chris excitedly announced:"I'm coming on that honeymoon with ya!" DON'T MISS: Ben Shephard hits back at Chris Kamara after Twitter exposure [ARTICLE]Emmerdale star says kids 'wouldn't forgive' her for turning down show [INSIGHT]‘Idiot!’ Jeff Stelling reacts to fan’s rude resignation accusation [ARTICLE]  Channel 5 will replace the departing soap Neighbours with the brand new look antiques show. The former BBC series was ditched by the channel in 2012, after a decade of loft flogging and over 500 episodes. Jules Hudson will join bubbly ex-footballer Chris and the former pundit was his usual excited self to join the team. Ahead of the new series he said: “It’s great to be joining Jules to host this series, I’m looking forward to helping people turn their old stuff into some unbelievable cash." Former host Jules, who presented Cash in the Attic in its first run, shared the enthusiasm of his co-host. He explained: “I’m really excited and very proud to be returning to host Cash in the Attic. "I can’t wait to get back into attics and auction rooms across the country, helping our viewers raise some welcome extra funds to make their dreams come true. "The series was a firm favourite the first time around, and I’m sure its return will be welcomed once again, nearly a decade after it left our screens." Catch Cash in the Attic every weekday from 6pm on Channel 5