Raising Kanan is returning for season two on Sunday, August 14, on Starz and Starzplay so there isn't too long left to wait before its premiere. One of the most talked about moments during the first outing didn't actually have anything to do with Kanan (played by Mekai Curtis) or his drug queenpin mum Raq Thomas (Patina Miller). Rather, it was a distressing moment between Kanan's uncle Marvin Thomas (London Brown) and his daughter Jukebox (Hailey Kilgore) in her bedroom. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Raising Kanan.During Raising Kanan season one, episode nine, Marvin went into Jukebox's room looking for some music when he came across pictures of her with Nicole (Annabelle Zasowski). She was Jukebox's secret girlfriend who died after taking Kanan's drugs, leaving her heartbroken. Unfortunately, Marvin didn't have any sympathy for her and ended up dismantling her bedroom in an uncontrollable rage. When she did return to see what he had done, Jukebox instantly knew what he discovered and attempted to walk out. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed Marvin was able to stop his daughter before she could get away and confronted Jukebox about her sexuality. She inaccurately labelled her as a "Lebanese" rather than a lesbian and taunted her about Nicole's death. Hurt and enraged, Jukebox spat at her dad who launched into a violent attack mode, pinning her against the wall and choking his daughter. Thankfully, Marvin snapped out of it before he killed Jukebox but their relationship hasn't been the same since. Discussing the gripping scene to Express.co.uk, Marvin actor London Brown had done plenty of work beforehand to bring the moment to life. "That was the most difficult scene for the both of us, because, first of all, physically, going through the training, and working on the choreography for that, was a lot," he said. "And also just emotionally, I remember doing my research for that particular scene and asking my friends, LGBT, like, 'Yo, is this real or are they just dramatising this?' "But after the research and talking to different people, they let me know that that domestic situation happens all the time when parents find out about their kids." DON'T MISS...BBC backlash as fans slam Countryfile and Springwatch [REACTION]Power Book 2 season 3 theory: Monet downfall sealed after new casting  [THEORY]Outlander star opens up on gruelling 12-hour day battle scene filming [CAST] He continued: "So it was a lot and it was take after take, emotionally - the audience doesn't quite understand sometimes that we've got to do several takes just of me, several takes of just her, several takes of us together, up close, so by the time you do that, it's a long day. "It's physically draining, emotionally, mentally, because you've got to remember the choreography. "So between all the mental stuff and then with that scene being so physical, that scene was draining. "I think people forget about all the mental work that goes into this thing we call acting because again, it's very psychological. "Even though with actors we're not repairing roofs but mentally, just to exist in this world, that doesn't exist but to live in it as though it does, it takes a great deal of focus." Raising Kanan series two will once again be made up of 10 episodes, picking up from where the series one finale was left. The description for season two, episode one, reads: "Kanan returns to Queens where Raq is trying to mend the many fractures in the Thomas family. "As Raq expands her empire, Kanan doubts his future in the drug game. "Meanwhile, Detective Howard is released from the hospital." Raising Kanan season 2 premieres on Sunday, August 14, on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.