Manchester United have now reportedly pulled their interest in signing Marko Arnautovic after receiving a 'number of complaints' while Richard Arnold was also emailed 'directly' by several fans. United's desperate search for more attacking options this summer led to the surprise approach to try and sign former Stoke and West Ham star Arnautovic at the weekend.  A bid worth in the region of £6.8million was offered to Bologna, with the Italian side rejecting the opening offer. United were expected to come back with an improved offer to try and test Bologna's resolve. However, The Athletic now claim that United have 'pulled out' of a move for the Austria international. The 33-year-old impressed for Bologna last term, scoring 14 goals in 33 Serie A appearances. But the speculation of United going after Arnautovic in a summer where rivals Liverpool and Manchester City have signed Darwin Nunez and Erling Haaland respectively seemingly angered Red Devils supporters. According to the report, a large number of complaints were sent to United by fans regarding their interest in the Austrian.  Some of those complaints are said to have focused on Arnautovic's use of racist language at Euro 2020 in a game against North Macedonia. One fan of North Macedonia descent even asked United how signing Arnautovic would 'correspond to the club’s zero tolerance approach to racism'. And United chief executive Richard Arnold, who met with disgruntled fans in a pub earlier this summer, also received several complaints 'directly. While United have now ended their short-lived pursuit of Arnautovic, Chris Sutton pointed out at the weekend that even considering signing him is still "damaging".  "That's madness, thinking about signing [Arnautovic]," Sutton said. "I thought it was a spoof, it's ridiculous. It's a real wrong move in terms of the eyes of the supporters. There's a million other players out there United should have been linked with. I do no get that. "It's an absolute PR disaster. If Arnautovic comes in, that's going to put Ten Hag under so much pressure. "If Ten Hag said, ''I need patience, we're going to bring young players in, we're going to develop them, you're going to have to bear with me for two seasons'', I think the fans would buy that rather than what we've seen in the last 24 hours. "The last 24 hours have been really damaging for Manchester United. That's when it looks like they're making it up as they go along." 