The flurry of reports emerging from France on Thursday night regarding Paris Saint-Germain's interest in Marcus Rashford... and vice-versa... caught many by surprise. However, the Ligue 1 champions have taken a long-standing liking to Rashford, whose Manchester United future is engulfed in the mists of uncertainty. The 24-year-old is currently enduring the stickiest patch of form of his professional career so far, netting just four times in 25 games after returning from shoulder surgery last season. But before the 2021/22 campaign, he thrived under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and produced numbers that didn't look out of place among Europe's best attackers. Throughout Rashford's two full seasons under Solskjaer's watch from 2019 to 2021, he registered 71 goal involvements in 103 appearances in all competitions - 43 goals and 29 assists. And his form didn't go unnoticed, garnering the attention of PSG and former manager Thomas Tuchel. According to the Independent, PSG have kept in contact with Rashford's representatives for three years since Tuchel's tenure in the French capital. And the England international is interested in a fresh start as part of a new era at PSG once Lionel Messi departs the Parc des Princes. JUST IN: What Erik ten Hag has been working on this week to correct Man Utd  Christophe Galtier and Co. are understood to be keen to have a replacement for Messi in place if the Argentine icon leaves when his contract expires next summer. However, he does have the option of a third year at the club, stretching to 2024, should he wish to take it up. The report states that PSG would use Rashford in a wide 'raider' role and move headline star Kylian Mbappe into the centre of their attack in Messi's absence. And the United No 10 would undoubtedly at least be tempted to pursue an overseas move if it produced the opportunity to feature alongside Mbappe and Neymar in an all-star frontline. READ MORE: Barcelona 'approach trusted agent' in astonishing De Jong twist  However, Red Devils manager Erik ten Hag has ruled out the chance of Rashford leaving this summer as he looks to bolster his attacking options, rather than see them diminish further. Ahead of Saturday's trip to Brentford, his first away game as boss, Ten Hag insisted Rashford was a key part of his Old Trafford rebuild and confirmed his stay. He told reporters: "He [Rashford] is really important. You have seen from the first day I am in, I'm really happy with him, and definitely don't want to lose him. He is in our plans. He will stay at Manchester United."