Retired Lieutenant General Hodges warned China against launching an invasion of Taiwan as he claimed the Chinese army and navy are not militarily ready for a conflict. He assed Beijing is “at least four years away” from being ready to engage in a war with Taiwan. He said US speakers before Nancy Pelosi, and members of Congress used to come to Taiwan almost routinely, but this time Xi Jinping decided to react through military drills for “his domestic purposes” as he wants to be around for a third term and he’s got to deliver something”, he explained. Mr Hodges told Times Radio: “Frankly, the Chinese People’s Liberation Army and Navy are not ready for a conflict. “I think they’re at least four years away from having the capabilities where they could successfully launch an invasion of Taiwan. “They have a lot of ships, but a lot of ships does not equal a great navy. “They absolutely do not have a great navy yet. He added: “Of course, this is a dangerous situation but I think that the Chinese, in this case, are overreacting and frankly, probably for their own domestic purposes because of what President Xi is dealing with domestically, health issues, and economic issues. “Xi Jinping wants to be around for a third term so he’s got to deliver something. “The different speakers of the US House of Representatives visited before. “There were members of the Congress coming to Taiwan almost routinely, so why did they choose to react as they did in this particular case? “I think they have their own internal domestic reasons. READ MORE: Ukraine: Zelensky's troops steal Putin's prized tank “I’ve seen responses for some of the Chinese who are complaining that they didn’t respond strongly enough but I’m not entirely sure what to make of it. “The government of Taiwan and average people there have seen this for quite some time, much the way the people of South Korea listen to whoever is in charge up in North Korea capital Pyongyang continues to threaten total destruction”. The comments came as China has launched 11 ballistic missiles around mainland Taiwan spreading fear of an imminent escalation of tensions between Beijing and Taipei. The missile strikes, launched by the Chinese army in response to Nancy Pelosi’s visit to Taiwan, have been condemned by the US, who defined the move as an “overreaction” by China. DON'T MISS: Labour leader Starmer found to have breached MPs' code of conduct [WATCH]Nick Clegg mercilessly MOCKED as he returns to London [LISTEN]Who won latest Tory leadership debate – Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak? VOTE [INSIGHT] White House spokesperson John Kirby said: “China has chosen to overreact and use the speaker’s visit as a pretext to increase provocative military activity in and around the Taiwan Strait. “The temperature is pretty high, but tensions can come down very easily by just having the Chinese stop these aggressive military drills. China’s latest missile strikes have also been condemned by Japan, who claimed that 5 ballistic missiles appear to have fallen in Japan’s Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ). Japan’s Prime Minister Fumio Kishida defined China’s actions “a serious problem that impacts our national secure and safety of our citizens”. After a meeting with US Speaker Nancy Pelosi, he added: “China’s actions this time around have a serious impact on the peace and stability of our region and the international community”. READ NEXT: Jacob Rees-Mogg answers YOUR questions on Brexit, Boris, and moreRishi Sunak confronted over campaign website in tense audience clash Britons fume at 'sinister' EU plans to halt UK passport stampsOwner heartbroken after 'loving' therapy dog viciously attacked on walFurious City mayor hits back at 'dangerous' couple having sex