According to the Daily Mail, the 96-year-old monarch finds the female voice of her GPS very amusing. A source close to the Queen said: “A few years ago she started calling her ‘the woman under the bonnet’. It was very funny. Of course, she knows very well where the voice comes from. “But Her Majesty is very sharp. She has a brilliant sense of humour and a very quick wit. “It always tickles people to hear her remark ‘it’s the woman under the bonnet again’ when she hears her voice.” When it comes to driving, Her Majesty enjoys one perk no one else in the UK does. The Queen is the only person in the country who is allowed to drive without a licence. READ MORE: Drivers warned against using popular fuel-saving trick Along with her ability to form a government and bestow honours on members of the public, the head of state can and does drive the roads of Britain without having passed her test. The Queen's demeanour when in the driving seat made headlines back in 2018. According to Shepard Cowper-Coles, a former British Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, in 2003 the country's then-king Abdullah had a fright when he jumped in the passenger seat while visiting Balmoral. Mr Cowper-Coles wrote in his book 'Ever the Diplomat: Confessions of a Foreign Office Mandarin': “Abdullah was not used to being driven by a woman, let alone a queen. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of fines for simple indicator error [WARNING] Drivers risk £1,000 fine for not disclosing medical conditions to DVLA [REVEAL] Drivers urged to look out for ‘fuel-wasting’ road situations [ADVICE] “His nervousness only increased as the Queen, an Army driver in wartime, accelerated the Land Rover along the narrow Scottish estate roads.” The Middle Eastern royal even asked the Queen, through his translator, to “slow down and concentrate on the road ahead.” Former PM David Cameron claimed in his new memoir ‘For The Record’ that the Queen used to tear around her Scottish estate Balmoral at "breakneck speed" in her 4x4. However, despite not having a driving licence, the Queen is an experienced driver. READ MORE: Huge overhaul needed to reform 'chaotic and outdated' licensing system At the age of 18, the Queen trained as a driver and mechanic for the Women's Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS) during World War II. Then when she became the head of the Royal Family in 1952, she inherited the royal prerogative - powers and rights that the sovereign alone possesses. The royal prerogative entitled Her Majesty to drive without a license, and she is the only person in the UK allowed to do so. Even though driving licenses are issued in her name, she has never been required to take an actual driving test. Among her many privileges, the Queen can also drive without a number plate on her state car. The Queen has always had a love for cars, having first developed her skills as a teenager. During her Women's Auxiliary Territorial training, she learnt how to change a wheel, rebuild engines and drive ambulances and trucks. The then-Princess Elizabeth “earned a reputation for not being afraid to get her hands dirty”, and as a result, My London reports that she was given the nickname “Princess Auto Mechanic”.