 PIP is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and is a non means-tested benefit. This means that a person’s eligibility for the payment is decided on their disability or condition and how it affects their life. To get financial help, the DWP has to do an assessment in order to complete a person’s PIP application.     If someone is invited to attend a PIP assessment, as part of a new claim or an award review, it could be in-person, over the phone or by video call. Citizens Advice offers Britons a guide on what to expect in the assessment and states that it is “not a diagnosis or a medical examination”. It is however an opportunity for a person to talk about how their condition affects them. In preparing for the assessment, Citizens Advice states that it is “important that you prepare” as the DWP will use the evidence from the assessment to make their decision. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rates across savings products up to 3.4% - 'Get the best deal!'     This includes collecting the relevant medical evidence of the condition, a list of the aids or appliances a person uses, and the forms that are needed including the “how your disability affects you” form. Citizens Advice explained that it can be difficult to do, but claimants will need to be “prepared” and honest about how their condition affects them as it will “really help” to get a successful claim. The organisation explained that this could be going into detail about the kinds of things people have difficulty with, or can’t do at all, such as walking upstairs or remembering to go to appointments. It also added that it would help if a claimant explains what a “bad day” is like.    It added: “On a bad day, I can’t walk at all because my injured leg hurts so much or on a bad day, I’m so depressed I can’t concentrate on anything.” Citizens Advice also recommended that people have a copy of your PIP evidence claim form with them for telephone, video and face-to-face assessments. This is so people can refer back to it whenever they need it. Citizen Advice highlights that the assessor, if the assessment is a face-to-face interview, will also draw opinions from what a person says and does on the day. The group explained that the assessor will likely ask how a person got to the centre and will take note of this. If a person says they took the bus, they’ll make a note that a person can travel alone on public transport - unless a person has already highlighted otherwise. Some people may also be asked to carry out physical tasks during the face-to-face assessment. READ MORE: Pensioner's old fashioned money saving tip could save £1000    Citizens Advice reiterated that people should not feel that they have to do things that they wouldn’t normally be able to do and should say if they are not comfortable doing something. This is because if a person can do something on the day, then the assessor may think that they can always do it which could lead to an unsuccessful claim. If the consultation is over the phone or on a video call, the assessor may ask a person to explain how they complete tasks such as preparing and cooking food, getting washed and dressed, and how a person moves around outside their home. Citizens Advice recommends people to “not rush” with their answers and should not just answer yes or no. Instead, people should first pause and then explain how doing something would make them feel afterwards and the impact it can have on them if they had to do it repeatedly in a short period of time.     The group highlights that the situation can be stressful for some but that people can ask for adjustments to the assessment to make it easier for them. People can request that the assessor is the same gender as themselves, and can also ask for an interpreter or a signer. Other adjustments can be made to make the process easier, for example if a person struggles with small spaces, the assessment can be done in a larger area. A person can also ask if the assessment space has stairs and if there is a lift that can accommodate a wheelchair if one is needed. According to the most recent DWP data, there are nearly three million people in the UK receiving PIP. These three million people each receive between £24.45 and £156.90 each week with the benefit being paid every four weeks. This, overall, amounts to between £97.80 and £627.60 every payment period.  