Royal commentator Daniela Elser argued that the couple's visit to the UK next month shows they could be reaping royal benefits with the trip despite choosing to live a life outside of the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will return to the UK at the start of next month for the first time since the Queen's Jubilee celebrations. Ms Elser commented on their decision to return to Harry's home country. Speaking about the couple's decision to step down from their senior royal roles, she said: "So, off they went to California to talk about compassion and making podcasts and TV shows, all lofty, impressive goals which have so far translated into sound and fury signifying headline-making white noise. "In short, they made their choice. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'to shatter Queen's peace' as UK trip nears  "But now? Now it looks like they are about to go back to Britain for a trip which could carry with it the patina of royalty: the fleet of stealthy black Range Rovers pulling up to events, the cheering crowds and the big speeches." However, she said the problem with the trip is that they had chosen to live a life outside of their royal duties. She claimed: "The problem is, having picked 'freedom' and life outside palace walls, with this UK trip, it looks a lot like they are now intent on having their cashed-up Californian cake and eating it too." The royal expert also said the trip could end up looking "suspiciously royal".  However, many excited social media users welcomed the Sussex's return to the UK, with one, Phyllis Brothers writing: "Can’t wait, love Prince Harry and Princess Meghan." Another, @divinelymeghan said: "Wonderful news! They will do an amazing job, and inspire so many! They make a great team". During their September trip, Meghan and Harry will visit charities and associations close to their hearts, one of their representatives revealed. The Sussex's spokesperson said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September."  On September 5, the Sussexes are attending the One Young World Summit in Manchester. On September 8, they will attend the WellChild Awards, the yearly event taking place to celebrate the extraordinary achievements of seriously ill children and young people. Harry has been the patron of this charity since 2007 and has continued to remain close to it despite living in the US. The couple will also travel to Germany on September 6 to attend the Invictus Düsseldorf 2023 One Year to Go. The event will mark the beginning of the 12-month countdown to the next Invictus Games taking place in the city. 