Shannon Watson, 25, had previously been cautioned for a similar offence in which she had taken £3,000 from her grandfather. However, she went onto use his bank card to pay for several items when she was his carer. The victim only realised that the money was missing when the card was declined. Prosecuting at Teesside Magistrates' Court, Liz Winchester said Watson carried out the latest theft between March and June of this year. A total of £1,572.15 was taken, TeessideLive reports. Watson, who has one child, is still the main carer for the victim. Ms Winchester said: "The injured party has on June 30 attended his bank to withdraw funds and at that point his card has been declined as there was no funds." The lawyer said the grandfather, from Stockton-on-Tees, investigated further and found a number of the withdrawals had not been made by him. She said Watson admitted to having used the card to pay for items. The bank refunded the money so there was no claim for compensation.  David Dedman, defending, said Watson did not use the card to go and buy herself an expensive item, it was used for small things, such as a Costa coffee or an Uber, which all mounted up over time. He said at the time she was also the main carer for her grandmother, who recently died, and some of the money was used as part of caring duties and visiting her grandmother in hospital. Mr Dedman said his client was brought up by her grandparents and she and her grandfather have a very close relationship. He said: "He benefits a lot from the relationship he has with her." A spokesperson for the probation service said: "She is truly sorry. She feels like she has let her grandparents down."  She said Watson was under a significant amount of pressure with looking after her grandparents and her young son and she believed her grandfather would be ok with her using the card, although she admitted she didn't ask him. She said the defendant, who suffered from depression, anxiety and PTSD, struggles to ask for help. Watson, who admitted one count of fraud by false representation, was given a 16-week jail sentence, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to complete 20 RAR days. She was also ordered to pay £85 costs and a victim surcharge of £128. 