Amir Khan has been hounded on Twitter for copying and pasting an excerpt from Sir Alex Ferguson’s Wikipedia page in a post showing a video of him meeting the legendary football manager. Ferguson has won 13 Premier League titles, five FA Cups and two Champions League trophies, yet Khan still felt the need to clarify whom he had just met. “Lovely to meet Sir Alex Ferguson at Manchester Old Trafford Stadium. Best known for managing Manchester United from 1986 to 2013. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest football managers of all time @ManUtd,” wrote Khan on Twitter above a video of the pair’s meeting at Old Trafford. The footage shows both men full of smiles as they greet each other with a firm handshake. As the video jumps forward Khan can be seen rubbing the Scotsman’s belly as they joke about their retirement physiques. But despite the wholesome encounter, fans wouldn’t let Khan off the hook with his caption. One user @JoshMUFC951 wrote: “Amir copy and pasted from Wikipedia,” with a screenshot of the exact excerpt from Ferguson’s Wikipedia page.” While @_jonny_rotton poked fun at the Bolton boxer by tweeting a section from his own Wikipedia page: “Great tweet from Amir Iqbal Khan (born 8 December 1986) a British former professional boxer who competed from 2005 to 2022. He held unified light-welterweight world championships between 2009 and 2012, including the WBA (later Super) and IBF titles.” Another @UtdDefence added: “Bro I thought about it but don't know how to say this without sounding offensive: more people are likely to know who Fergie is than who you are. Just stating this as a matter of fact, not shade.” Before @StokeyyG2 concluded: “cheers for clarifying amir, thought he was a train driver before i saw this.” Khan retired from professional boxing in May following a stoppage loss to fierce rival Kell Brook at the AO Arena in Manchester three months prior. Opening up in later interviews, the former light-welterweight world champion admitted he had fallen out of love with the sport and ‘no longer wanted to get punched in the head’. Khan has since been linked with exhibition bouts against former multi-weight world champions Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather, but nothing has come to fruition at the time of writing.