Prince Andrew had a civil sexual assault case filed against him over claims made by Jeffrey Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre. Andrew has strenuously denied all allegations made against him. In February 2022, it was confirmed that the Duke had agreed to pay a settlement fee to bring the case to a close. Speaking to Times Radio, royal editor Roya Nikkhah claimed that the Royal Family, including the Queen, "hoped" that the settlement would "draw a line" under it. Speaking of Prince Andrew, Ms Nikkhah said: "The backlash was so enormous to that." She added:"I think the Royal Family would have hoped that Andrew signing a settlement with Virginia Giuffre would have drawn a line under the whole thing. Ms Nikkhah went on to speak about reactions to the "TV and film adaptations" within the "royal circles", as well as the scandal. She said: "But of course, with two dramatisations with, you know, big names attached to it, you know, BAFTA-winning screenwriters, there's likely to be a huge amount of interest." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Desperate' Harry and Meghan spark fierce backlash announcing UK return Ms Nikkhah added: "I think there's a bit of concern over some of the presentation of the facts, how they're presented." Ms Giuffre accused Andrew of sexually abusing and raping her on three separate occasions when she was 17. These are allegations that Prince Andrew strongly denies. Following the agreement of the settlement, Andrew expressed his regret about his friendship with Jeffrey Epstein. READ MORE: 'I can't wait' Royal fans gush as Meghan Markle announces date for 'keynote speech' in UK He also confirmed that he will make a "substantial donation" to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights. In 2019, following his "disastrous" interview with Emily Maitlis, Prince Andrew announced he was to step down from royal duties. The royal said he had asked the Queen for permission to withdraw for the "foreseeable future". DON'T MISS 'Worse than a crime' Meghan blasted over Oprah interview [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'embraces life outside Royal Family' with 'new accent' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has too many US ties to return 'Never come back' [REVEAL] The settlement agreement was earlier reported to amount to as much as £12million. However, a source told The Sun: “It was thought, and widely reported, that Virginia got a settlement of £12million from Andrew, but that’s not right. “It was far less than that, as low as £3million." READ NEXT: