Dozens of households who spent up to 30 years overpaying their council tax are due thousands of pounds back in refunds. That’s according to an investigation which has found 79 households in the East Lothian Council region in Scotland are owed money back, while many other households south of the border could also be due refunds. As the cost of living crisis continues to cripple Britons’ finances, people are being reminded to check if they are owed council tax refunds which could help pay soaring energy bills. An investigation has discovered that dozens of Britons are due a refund worth thousands, The Mirror reports. Britons who have moved houses into a lower band property could find they are owed money. However it’s important to note it works both ways and people could end up paying more. READ MORE: WASPI women won’t get compensation if Liz Truss becomes next PM Money saving expert founder Martin Lewis has been urging people to check their council tax bands for years as around one million are thought to be paying too much. It adds up to £150million in council tax overpayments which could be claimed back in total across the UK. Exactly how much someone can expect as a rebate will depend on their personal circumstance and how long they have been overpaying. DON'T MISSBank offers market-leading interest rate of 3.2% on savings [UPDATE]Thousands of homeowners to have nearly £900 wiped from bank account [WARNING]Pensioners have one week left to qualify for vital boost worth £650 [ALERT]Britons are paying a record amount in taxes to HMRC - ways to pay less [INSIGHT] While many people’s council tax bills increased in April, figures show that nearly one million people have ended up paying too much and are actually due a refund. Britons who have moved to a different area or experienced a change in circumstance are most likely to be affected and are being reminded to get in touch with their council to check. The MoneySavingExpert website has a guide on how to check if people are due a refund and recommends contacting their local council if they think they have overpaid in error. Gareth Shaw, deputy editor at MoneySavingExpert.com, said: "While many councils do make an effort to track down those who have cash lying unclaimed, they are still staggeringly sitting on £150million worth of overpayments.” READ MORE: Attendance allowance will be replaced for more than 124,000 people Meanwhile, millions of people are missing out on discounts to their council tax bill which could see them £900 a year better off. Almost three million people (2.7m) are losing out on billions of pounds in council tax help according to charity Turn2Us. Britons in receipt of certain benefits like Universal Credit and Pension Credit usually get a discount. In total, ten groups of people are disregarded from paying Council Tax bills. Britons are usually disregarded from council tax if they are: