The eligibility criteria states that claimants must be earning £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance and expenses in order to qualify for the benefit administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). However, a DWP minister has explained how some people can earn more than £132 a week gross and still retain Carer’s Allowance. As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, many families will be feeling the financial squeeze as they struggle to keep up with inflation. Any extra cash could be vital for those on low incomes. To be eligible for the benefit, applicants must care for someone at least 35 hours a week. The person being cared for has to already be receiving one of these benefits: People do not have to be related to, or live with, the person they care for. READ MORE: Savings alert: Bank launches ‘market leading return’ on account giving 2.10% Ms Smith continued: “When calculating earnings for Carer’s Allowance purposes, any amount by way of a refund of income tax is disregarded. “Once earnings exceed £132 a week (or on a weekly average where possible for those with fluctuating earnings) then there is no longer an entitlement to Carer’s Allowance and it will cease.” For anyone considering making a new claim for Carer’s Allowance, the DWP recently confirmed that it currently takes 37 working days to process an application from initial submission to decision letter. Britons cannot get Carer’s Allowance if they share the care of an individual with someone else. READ MORE: 'Can double savings interest' - Britons urged to consider 2 'main things' to reduce tax The type of care that constitutes as ‘caring for someone’ includes tasks such as helping with washing and cooking, taking the person being cared for to a doctor’s appointment or helping with household tasks, like managing bills and shopping. If people share the care of an individual with someone else, both people cannot get Carer’s Allowance, and a carer cannot get more if they care for more than one person. Britons can make a claim on the Gov.uk website, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form. Before someone applies they should make sure they have their: Claiming Carer’s Allowance can affect other benefits that one my be getting. People cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension at the same time. To find out more information on what benefits may be affected, people can visit the Government website. Individuals can also use a benefits calculator to work out how their other benefits will be affected, if they are claiming them.