Those with disabled children could get even more, through the Tax-Free Childcare scheme, yet many get nothing because they do not claim. Now experts are urging families to check whether they are eligible.    The Tax-Free Childcare scheme pays money towards the cost of childminders, nurseries, nannies, after school clubs and play schemes. In May, it allowed 395,000 families with 472,000 children go out to work without seeing all of them wages eaten up in childcare costs, at a cost of £43.8million. This is the highest level of top-up since the scheme started in April 2017, but Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell. “Parents desperate to make their budgets balance in the cost of living crisis have increasingly turned to Government schemes they had overlooked before. Use of tax-free childcare is at a record high as people hunt for ways to boost their income.” Despite this, Suter said with around 1.3 million families thought to be eligible for the scheme, it is still "grossly underused with huge sums sitting around unclaimed”. She said the average family has 1.9 children and could be getting £3,800 on average towards their childcare costs each year.   “The UK has some of the highest childcare costs in the world and this additional money would go a long way to keeping some families afloat in the current bills crunch.” Under the Tax-Free Childcare scheme, families can get up to £500 every three months, up to a maximum of £2,000 a year. That is per child, so a family with two children could get up to £4,000 towards the costs of childhood. The payment actually doubles if a child is disabled, to £1,000 every three months, or up to £4,000 a year. The Government is encouraging families to claim, and you can set up an online childcare account at Gov.uk/tax-free-childcare, and pay money into it towards costs. For every £8 you pay into this account, the government will pay in £2, which you use to pay your childcare provider. They must be signed up to the scheme before you can qualify, so first check with your childcare provider. READ MORE: Holiday childcare to cost parents nearly £500 more per child  To qualify, you usually have to be either in work, on sick leave or annual leave, or on shared parental, maternity, paternity or adoption leave. You may also be eligible if your partner is working, and you get Incapacity Benefit, Severe Disablement Allowance, Carer’s Allowance or contribution-based Employment and Support Allowance. You can apply if you’re starting or re-starting work within the next 31 days. Tax-Free Childcare is means tested, as you need to expect to earn at least the National Minimum Wage or Living Wage for 16 hours a week on average, over a three-month period. So over the next three months you should expect to earn at least £1,976, which is the National Living Wage for people over 23. If you have a partner, they’ll need to expect to earn at least this much too. The self-employed who do not expect to make enough profit in the next three months, can use an average of how much they expect to make over the current tax year. DON'T MISS:Pensioners to get extra £300 to help with cost of living - when to exp [REVEAL]Engineer on the home upgrade which could save you thousands [INSIGHT]Man shares way he saved £630 on his energy bills in two months [ANALYSIS]   The earnings limit does not apply if you’re self-employed and started your business less than 12 months ago. Higher earners may be excluded. If you or your partner have an expected ‘adjusted net income’ over £100,000 in the current tax year, you will not be eligible. This includes bonuses. Suter said the Government needs to do more to publicise the Tax-Free Childcare scheme. “Many parents are confused about whether they are eligible, if they can use it for all forms of childcare, or just aren’t aware that the scheme even exists.” As the children go back to school, working parents should look to claim, said You can get Tax-Free Childcare at the same time as 30 hours free childcare, paid to parents in England with children aged three or four, if you are eligible for both, said Brean Horne, personal finance writer at NerdWallet. “You will still have to pay for nappies, trips and meals while your child is in nursery, but this is a big help.”  