The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) views the island democracy as a renegade province, and by hook or by crook is determined to bring it under Beijing’s control. But the CCP’s hard language over Pelosi failed to dissuade the Americans, humiliating Beijing and leading to unprecedented action in response by China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA).  The US may now be seeing how far Beijing is really willing to go, and whether Washington can cause further loss of face for the CCP. Firstly, following Pelosi’s visit, a US congressional delegation has arrived in Taiwan, thumbing their nose at China’s repeated threats. Secondly, the US apparently plans to conduct “air and maritime transits” in the Taiwan Strait. The second announcement is particularly significant given that Beijing has declared sovereignty over the 100-mile-wide body of water, meaning – from the CCP’s vantage point – the US could be invading Chinese waters. Kurt Campbell, the White House coordinator for Asia-Pacific issues, said that US forces “will continue to fly, sail and operate where international law allows, consistent with our longstanding commitment to freedom of navigation”. This “includes conducting standard air and maritime transits through the Taiwan Strait in the next few weeks,” Campbell added. Some may call this reckless, while others will say it demonstrates exactly the right response to the CCP, sending a message both to Taiwan and other US allies that Washington has the island democracy’s back.  Nevertheless, Washington knows Beijing will now feel increasing pressure from many of its own nationalist citizens – long whipped into a frenzy by CCP propaganda – to respond forcefully to the latest US act. Already many Chinese nationalists are furious that Beijing did seemingly little to prevent Pelosi’s plane from landing. Those who doubt whether China will go for Taiwan should remember that loss of face for the CCP with Chinese citizens may be the catalyst for eventual invasion or blockading. Speaking of blockading, Beijing has already declared sovereignty over the Strait. It is not inconceivable that – as recent drills hinted at – a blockade of the Strait, or around Taiwan, would be Beijing’s first course of action. Beijing’s recent activities caused ship diversions and aircraft cancellations. A blockade may seem a bad move, since China would not necessarily get control of Taiwan, but it may be a salami-slice tactic to appease Chinese nationalists. The impact could be huge. The Strait is the main shipping route between China, Japan, South Korea, and Europe. Nearly 90 per cent of the world’s largest ships and half of the global container fleet pass through the Strait. Aside from smartphones heading to the West, one million barrels of oil go through the Strait every day as well. This is before we get to the impact on Taiwan of prolonged blockage of the Strait or nearby waters.  Yes, this would all hit China, but would it not be a price worth paying from the vantage point of Chinese leader Xi Jinping? Imagine if the PLA put a toll on the Strait, which international ships refused to pay. Imagine rapid escalation where the US first sent in a few ships and later an aircraft carrier. After all, the world expects America to keep the sea lanes open. The US Navy’s role as guarantor of free trade is a huge reason why the Dollar is the planet’s reserve currency. One miscalculation, mid-air collision, or one plucky tanker refusing to pay and being blown up, and the world has hit the cliff edge. Alarmism? Perhaps not. This is the kind of war-game scenario which could well play out. Taiwan’s foreign minister, Joseph Wu, has already warned that China used its military drills to prepare for an invasion of Taiwan. He warned that in controlling the Strait, China aimed to link the Yellow and China Seas. The US knows that operating in the Strait is a sign of its defiance against Beijing but could well provoke the CCP into action. Washington knows the CCP cannot take much more loss of face among its own people. Responsible act or poking a hornet’s nest: either way, the US is showing to China, Taiwan and the world that it means business in the region. Whether this is enough to force a Chinese climbdown is another matter entirely. 