Derek Chisora crashed Sunny Edwards and Kalle Suerland’s'robbed' Zhang Zhilei in his recent fight against Filip Hrgovic on the Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk II undercard. Hrgovic defeated Zhang with scorecards of 114-113, 115-112, 115-112 in favour of the Croatian – who is promoted by the Sauerland's. There were mixed opinions after the fight, with the consensus being that Zhang won narrowly. Hrgovic defeated Zhang with scorecards of 114-113, 115-112, 115-112 in favour of the Croatian – who is promoted by the Sauerland’s. There were mixed opinions after the fight, with the consensus being that Zhang won narrowly. But Chisora believes it was a ‘robbery’ and has suggested the scorecards were Kalle's fault. Speaking to iFL TV, he said: “Listen, your boy, Hrgovic, lost the fight. Your boy, Hrgovic lost that fight, he boxed poorly. You robbed that Chinese guy [Zhang Zhilei], you and Eddie [Hearn] and it was unfair. You messed up the Chinese guy, your boy lost that fight. Yes, he lost that fight, I’m being serious, he lost that fight. The Chinese guy f***ed your boy up,” said Chisora, as Sauerland passionately disagreed. “Derek, how many years have you and me known each other?” responded Sauerland, who also promotes Chris Eubank Jr. “Bruv you’ve robbed me in Finland,” fired back Chisora in reference to his 2011 fight with Robert Helenius in Helsinki. “Let’s be honest you guys are some dodgy promoters. I am a dodgy fighter, but you guys are dodgy promoters. The only legitimate thing about your business is your dad,” joked Del Boy as Nisse entered the frame. With his win on August 20, Hrgovic is now the IBF mandatory and could be in line to face the winner of the proposed undisputed unification clash between Usyk and Tyson Fury next. The Croatian looked worse for wear throughout the bout and was dropped by Zhang in the opening round. MORE BOXING NEWS... McGregor causes a stir as fans convinced sex act video shared on yacht Jake Paul to fight UFC legend Anderson Silva Chisora leaves Love Island stars in stitches with Fury comment A spirited effort down the home straight bridged the gap but many experts believed it was too little too late. According to Sky Sports commentator Adam Smith, Hrgovic had slept through his media duties throughout fight week with suggestions being made that the fast-rising heavyweight contender was jet-lagged. Hrgovic and Zhang were originally scheduled to face each other in May on the Canelo vs Bivol undercard but Hrgovic withdrew from the contest five days before the fight following the death of his father. 