The best Sky deals have just got even better! The satellite TV firm has just announced the launch of a brand new offer that beams broadband into homes without customers paying a penny for the privilege. Yes, you did read that correctly! This free internet incentive includes Sky's Superfast service which offers average speeds of around 60Mbps. It's not the most premium speeds the firm offers but is plenty fast enough to stream Netflix in 4K, make Zoom calls and surf the web and it should cope with average family usage. The totally free access lasts for the first three months of the 18-month contract. Once that initial period has ended, anyone signing up for the plan with then pay £30.50 for the remaining 15 months. Even though there is a fee to pay this is still a pretty good deal from Sky. For example, Virgin Media is currently charging £34 per month for its 50Mbps service and BT customers pay £30.99 for similar speeds. That makes both of these rivals to Sky more expensive over an 18-month term. Here's how prices compare over 18 months SKY • £30.50 per month - 3 months FREETOTAL PRICE: £457.50 VIRGIN MEDIA • £34 per monthTOTAL PRICE: £612 BT BROADBAND• £30.99 per monthTOTAL PRICE: £557.82. If the thought of getting broadband for free sounds enticing then you can find the Sky deal here. Sky has confirmed on its website that offer runs until September 1 and is available in Sky Fibre Areas only. Sky, BT and Virgin all offer their broadband services across large parts of the UK but it is worth remembering that there are lots of smaller suppliers not popping up all over the country and some are offering even cheaper prices. Community Fibre, which supplies large swathes of London, has slashed the price of its 1Gbps speeds to its lowest ever. This means you can get those epic downloads for just £25 per month. Hyperoptic is offering its fast 1GB broadband from £30 per month and there are other ISPs, such as Toob, who are also dishing out 900Mbps speeds for just £25. If your current contract is up, do some research about your local area and who is supplying broadband in your street as you might be surprised by how much you can save whilst getting faster speeds.