Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of favouring foreign trips and booking festival appearances over resolving an ongoing industrial dispute which has resulted in rubbish piling high on the streets of Scotland's major cities. Workers went on a three-day strike over a pay dispute with local authorities, leaving central Edinburgh littered with rubbish after the August festivals. MSP Jeremy Balfour lashed out at Ms Sturgeon for leaving the country in that state. Reacting to Nicola Sturgeon’s foreign trip, Mr Balfour told GB News: "She has completely abdicated any responsibility for the strike. "She has not engaged with the local authorities. She has not engaged with the trade unions and has left it for others to take the blame. "And we are seeing a health crisis starting to emerge here in Edinburgh. The bins have not been collected on all the streets. We have an international festival going on. "And she has simply walked away from the city." The Scottish First Minister has been accused of being "asleep at the wheel", as Nicola Sturgeon flew to Denmark to open the Scottish Government’s Nordic office instead of trying to solve the industrial action in Scotland. "What she should be doing is be back in Edinburgh negotiating a deal with the local authority,” Mr Balfour said, adding the Scottish Government is the only public body that can increase the pay in the local authority. "And we have simply seen no movement in regard to that from the Scottish government. And we are seeing it go beyond Edinburgh. "And this is going to affect every individual's life each time that this government got a grip of it." READ MORE: ‘Passing the buck!’ Sturgeon’s ‘incompetent’ Government savaged GB News’ Arlene Foster said there were reports of Scots keeping rubbish in their baths to try and control any leaks that may come from it. "This is really not on in modern Scotland today, is it Jeremy?" she went on to ask. Ms Balfour said: "You’re absolutely right. You have to remember that we’re just coming towards the end of an international festival. You have got people from across the world coming here. "And the rubbish is not going to go away with." The MSP also warned Scotland could end up with health issues, as the country is grappling with an NHS backlog with growing waiting lists and patients desperately waiting to get treatment. DON'T MISS:'Apologise for damaging Scotland!' Nicola Sturgeon branded 'traitor... [REPORT] Sturgeon heckled as she tries to get in wrong car - VIDEO [VIDEO] Sturgeon allowing Scotland to be ‘infested with rats’ [REPORT] Opposition politicians have criticised the Scottish First Minister for failing the Scottish people with her trip to Denmark. "Once again, Nicola Sturgeon’s been caught asleep at the country’s wheel while rubbish is piling up on streets across the country,” said Sharon Dowey, the shadow minister for culture, Europe and international development for the Scottish Conservatives. "It is ridiculous that she has chosen this moment to go gallivanting around northern Europe before nipping back for a spot of self-promotion at Edinburgh’s book festival. The SNP government’s role is to ensure the country runs smoothly and efficiently." READ NEXT:‘Stop peddling falsehoods’ Sturgeon ally triggers backlashRuth Davidson backed by readers for ‘standing up for Union’ –YOU VOTEDSturgeon faced with currency 'fiasco' if Scotland leaves UK: 'Ignored'Sturgeon dealt huge independence blow as eye-opening stats laid bareSNP spent nearly £1M of taxpayer cash on chauffeur-driven car trips