Sophie, 57, joined her 18-year-old daughter to watch athletes compete in weightlifting at this year's Commonwealth Games in Birmingham on Monday. The Countess of Wessex could not hide her facial expressions as she watched the competitors step up to the plate.  Lady Louise looked relaxed in a cheerful floral outfit previously worn by her mother, while Sophie looked chic in a navy shirt and patterned blue skirt. The Countess of Wessex was also spotted engrossed in the badminton battles taking place at Birmingham's National Exhibition Centre on Monday. The mother and daughter were joined by Louise's younger brother and her father, Prince Edward. James, Viscount Severn, 14, joined his elder sister for a rare public appearance at the Games.  The Countess of Wessex also joined her husband, the Queen's youngest son, at the Games on Friday. They made a quick stop at the gymnastics arena before taking their seats for the Rugby Sevens action. Sophie could be seen taking pictures of the matches, while Prince Edward dramatically held his head in his hands at one point. The Earl of Wessex, 58, is vice-patron of the Commonwealth Games Federation. READ MORE: ‘No way back’ Andrew's dream return to royal life in tatters He has attended every Commonwealth Games since 1986, the Palace said ahead of the Games. The Earl and Countess of Wessex also joined Prince Charles, 73, and the Duchess of Cornwall for the opening ceremony of the Commonwealth Games. A number of senior royals are representing the Queen, 96, at the Games, as she remains in her Balmoral estate in Aberdeenshire. The Queen is the patron of the Commonwealth Games Federation. DON'T MISS: Lady Louise stunned as royal nervously watches Weightlifting contest [PICTURES] Royal Family LIVE: Kate 'mortified' after Meghan's revelations [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be allowed to carry out charity work? [VOTE]  Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William are expected to make an appearance at the Games this week. It is thought the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will join the Earl and Countess of Wessex for Tuesday's sporting events. Princess Anne completed her first royal engagement at the Games on Friday. She toured the Athletes Village, meeting many of those gearing up for their events over the coming days.  The Princess Royal, 71, joined her husband, Sir Timothy Laurence, and Sophie Wessex for the Rugby Sevens match. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester also made an appearance at the initial events of the Commonwealth Games.