When it comes to retirement, many people will be looking for a guaranteed income to secure ease in retirement. However, retirees have been warned not to blindly accept their own pension provider’s offer as they could end up missing out. Instead, Britons are urged to seek the best rate available to them to find the most competitive deal. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, said: “The difference between the best and worst providers can be up to 15 percent a year extra income. “The two-thirds of retirees likely to be eligible for extra due to medical conditions or lifestyle factors could enhance that further. “Not shopping around for that extra income – cash that will be paid every month for as long as you live – is like accepting a ‘torpor tax’. READ MORE: State pensioners call for ‘at least’ £200 per week for all retirees “That should enrage people who are losing out.” Mr Lowe highlighted analysis which demonstrates the difference between the best and worst rates was up to 15 percent at times in the last two years. On a pension of £50,000 that would be £206 a month in income instead of £180. This is equal to a total of £7,800 in extra income over 25 years. DON'T MISSOver 50s face major challenges as cost of living bites [INSIGHT]State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out [LATEST]Energy bill rebate worth £400 is coming - Britons warned of scam [UPDATE] Mr Lowe continued: “Guaranteed Income for Life rates have been rising in recent months. “But the danger is that by not shopping around, retirees will end up with less income. “By shopping around – using a professional adviser or broker who takes the retiree’s health and lifestyle into account – they should at least receive the best standard rate.” Small differences are likely to add up when a person considers the length of the retirement which is often 20 to 30 years. READ MORE: 'I’m in control!' Man shares 'great way' he can make up to £3,000 Mr Lowe said it is vital for Britons to disclose any important medical information such as medical history and any medication a person is receiving. Personal information such as height, weight and alcohol consumption can all make a big difference. This is because these factors are taken into consideration when it comes to pricing. Mr Lowe explained: “The age that is important when considering your income is your biological age rather than your calendar age. “By understanding your personal situation rather than assuming you are in good health, pricing can more fairly reflect your situation.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In March 2022, shock new figures showed pensioners who smoke or drink heavily may be more likely to get higher income in retirement. The research showed people could get up to £1,000 a year more because their life expectancy is lower. It relates to the purchase of an annuity, providing a guaranteed income for life for those who purchase it. The risk for annuity provides is that the longer a person lives, the more they will have to pay out. As a result, those with lower life expectancy can receive more because annuity companies believe they can afford to pay higher amounts through an impaired life annuity. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “Many people feel they will be penalised for disclosing that they smoke or have a condition that impacts their overall health, but the opposite may be true. It pays to be as open as possible. “It is therefore vital that you give the provider a full health update at the outset.” Annuities will not be the right decision for everyone, and consequently, Britons are always urged to seek financial advice to help them make the big decisions.