The Princess Royal's birthday has been marked online by the Royal Family Twitter account, the social media handle which represents only the Queen and all members of the Firm who don't have their own official online accounts. The tweet read: "Wishing The Princess Royal a happy birthday today!"  This message was accompanied by a picture of Princess Anne taken in May during The Not Forgotten Association Garden Party she hosted. In the candid snap, the Queen's daughter can be seen smiling during an interaction with guests. The Royal Family's official account hasn't been the only one to wish a happy birthday to Anne today. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William also shared their own message for the Princess Royal's birthday - albeit with no pictures. It read: "Wishing a very happy birthday to The Princess Royal today!" The senior royals were joined also by several enthusiastic fans of the Queen's only daughter who took to Twitter to wish Princess Anne many happy returns. Fans decided to praise the member of the Firm for her famous no-nonsense and hard-working attitude. Twitter user @cambridgecrown wrote in a social media post: "Happy 72nd birthday to HRH Princess Anne. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s memoir to make Oprah interview look like 'child's play' "The Princess Royal is involved with over 300 charities, organisations and military regiments & is the hardest working member of the Royal Family. Love her no nonsense attitude." Replying to this user, @jmoody90574773 said: "Happy birthday Princess Anne! You are greatly admired." Another royal fan, @finmadame tweeted: "She’s amazing! Happy birthday, The Princess Royal!" Similarly, @pooja33719735 wrote: "Happy Birthday to our amazing Princess Royal, Princess Anne - who turns 72 today! "With a total of 387 official engagements in 2021 (two ahead of Prince Charles), Princess Anne is known for her hard work, no-nonsense attitude and witty/deliciously dry sense of humour!" And @kulganofcrydee said: "Happy Birthday to Her Royal Highness Princess Anne, the Princess Royal. "Have a super day Ma'am. 'God Save The Queen'." The Princess Royal is expected to spend the day privately with her husband, Sir Timothy Laurence, her children and grandchildren. Even the hard-working royal appears to have taken a break from her duties after having carried out engagements throughout the summer. The royal diary does not show any official appointment pencilled in for Anne either today or until the beginning of September. The first engagement planned at the moment in the public royal diary for the Queen's daughter is dated September 4. On the day, the princess will attend the Burghley Horse Trials at Burghley Park in Stamford, Cambridgeshire. Two days after this event, Princess Anne will resume her busy schedule, completing six engagements on September 6 alone. The Princess started undertaking royal duties after turning 18, as she chose not to earn a university degree unlike her elder brother Prince Charles. Two years later, she started working with Save the Children, creating a long-lasting partnership which has been lasting for more than 50 years.