Premier League clubs including Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester United and Liverpool have decided against taking a knee before every top-flight match this season. Players have taken a knee before all fixtures for over two years to amplify the message that racism has no room in society. But Premier League club captains have decided that players will only take a knee before selected events. These include ahead of the two domestic cup finals, Boxing Day, and the league’s dedicated No Room For Racism weekends in October and March. A league statement said: "The Premier League supports the players' decision and, alongside the clubs, will use these opportunities to elevate anti-racism messaging as part of the League's No Room for Racism Action Plan." The decision to not take the knee was made by all 20 captains of Premier League clubs. It means that the knee will not be taken before any game this weekend as the 2022-23 season gets underway. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo handed Man Utd reprieve However, some players may still choose to take a knee. A joint statement from the captains read: "We have decided to select significant moments to take the knee during the season to highlight our unity against all forms of racism and in so doing we continue to show solidarity for a common cause. "We remain resolutely committed to eradicate racial prejudice, and to bring about an inclusive society with respect and equal opportunities for all." The players have been backed by the PFA. chief executive Maheta Molango said: "We've always been clear that choosing whether to take the knee should be a personal decision for each individual. "We've spoken to players about this and what we've heard is that they want to find a balance. They don't want the gesture of taking the knee to become routine, so that it potentially loses its impact. DON'T MISS...Man Utd transfer hint dropped by Crystal Palace boss Patrick VieiraMikel Arteta makes transfer promise to Arsenal fans ahead of PalaceMorgan mocks Arteta with Guardiola comment as Arsenal doc nears "However, they are also committed to using their platform and their voice to continue to bring attention to what remains an extremely important issue, not just in England but around the world." Premier League players started taking the knee upon the resumption of football following the Covid-enforced lockdown in 2020. It came after the murder of George Floyd in the US, which garnered strong support for the Black Lives Matter movement. The first time fans will see players take a knee will be during the Premier League’s first dedicated No Room for Racism of the campaign in October. It will then be performed across the Boxing Day round of fixtures, the first to take place following the 2022 FIFA World Cup.