Flora Vesterberg née Ogilvy is a member of the British Royal Family, but married Swedish financier Timothy Vesterberg in September 2020. They wed in St James’ Church in London. The 27-year-old shared photos of herself and her husband attending the Cartier Queen’s Cup polo, which took place last month, on her Instagram yesterday. In the photos, Flora looked stunning in a LK Bennett dress, retailing for £225. Called the Dee Cream Crepe Shift Dress, the garment has short sleeves, a heart-shaped neckline, and a tight skirt. READ MORE: 'Clever' Lady Louise poised to make life-changing decision It reached just above Flora’s knees and accentuated her slim figure. She completed the look with a small black handbag and a pair of Jimmy Choo heels. The heels were the Saresa 65mm Black Suede Pumps, which Flora has been seen wearing before. Flora also donned a pair of large black sunglasses and accessorised with a gold watch, which seemed to be from Cartier. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's go-to heels - hidden meaning behind 'trusted' shoes [INSIGHT]All the Royal Family's sapphire engagement rings - including Eugenie's [ANALYSIS]Sporty Kate! Best pictures of Duchess as she takes to the seas [PICTURES] Royal fans were quick to comment on Flora’s chic look. Instagram user Sofi Pusarelli wrote: “Love the dress, simple and elegant.” User @romanticadiginoble said: “Simple but elegant outfit.” User @royally.yours commented: “Flora is always soooo elegant!!” Chloe Coleman said: “So lovely!” User @thymmie_p wrote: “Gorge.” Flora channelled Kate Middleton by wearing the cream bodycon dress as the Duchess donned the same garment last year, but in a different colour. In June 2021, the Duchess of Cambridge wore the dress in pale blue to the launch of a new initiative focusing on the importance on children’s early years, based in London. Kate combined the dress with a pair of classic nude heels and various pieces of jewellery. She donned a pair of sapphire and diamond earrings, an Astley Clarke necklace, and a Spells of Love necklace. To complete the look, Kate wore a versatile gold bangle by Halycon Days. Kate’s hair was down in loose curls and her make-up look was her usual lashings of dark mascara, coloured-in brows, and a slick of lipgloss.