 Renters in the UK have expressed their anxieties on Twitter as many are seeing their monthly payments increase. One Twitter user shared that they faced an increase of £650 which forced them to not renew their tenancy. Isobel, from Manchester, recently had to move out of the two-bedroom flat where she lived in Stepney Green East London as the landlord increased her rent by £400 each month. Isobel had shared the flat with a friend and originally signed up to a rolling tenancy contract with the letting agent in December last year.     Isobel said: “We were told that the landlord had requested a rolling contract when we were moving in and we didn’t think anything of it, to be honest, we thought that may be better for us as we were not tied into the full year and if anything changed we had a bit of flexibility. “We did see the flat as a long-term stay though, we wanted to have a flat that we could call ours and when we moved in we worked hard and spent some money on it to try and make it as homely, and as ours as we could.” A rolling tenancy agreement is a tenancy agreement with no end date and both the landlord and the tenant have the right to end the tenancy by serving notice. With a fixed tenancy contract, the landlord cannot increase the rent during the tenancy period however with a rolling one, a landlord can do this once every 12 months by giving one month's notice. The letting agent told Isobel that due to the landlord’s own expenses increasing, citing service charges and mortgage rates, and due to the market conditions, the landlord had requested an increase of £200 for each resident. Isobel said: “I honestly couldn’t believe it, we knew that the rent was going to go but I was so shocked that it was by that much. I had to sit down when I read the email.” READ MORE: NS&I Premium Bonds: Can you boost your chance of winning £1m prize?    Isobel asked if she was able to open a discussion with the landlord to try to come to an arrangement as she was also facing further financial strain due to the current cost of living crisis. Isobel said: “I asked if they could give us a bit of time to try and sort something out, I needed to speak to my work and see if i could get a salary increase, I needed to look at my monthly finances and see what I could cut to try and cover the increase, I knew I couldn’t afford it but I didn’t want to move.” The Letting Agent however rejected Isobel’s request for a discussion as the landlord was “adamant” about the rental increase, and she then received a Section 21 notice and was told that she had two months to leave the property. She added: “I was devastated, we made that flat into a home and within a week that was it. It was so hard to find somewhere else too, everything has gone up by hundreds and we just couldn’t see anywhere that you could even consider affordable. “The panic and stress we felt was just awful, I was so scared we wouldn’t be able to find anywhere else in time.”    “The panic and stress we felt was just awful, I was so scared we wouldn’t be able to find anywhere else in time.” Isobel’s flatmate made the decision to move back to Manchester as she felt that her finances wouldn’t be able to stretch any further. Isobel has now moved into a house share in a different area of London and is paying significantly more than what she can afford as the price of rental rooms has also increased. She added: “I love being in London and I came here for work and new opportunities but the room I’m renting now is so expensive and it is just a room, I cannot afford anything more. I'm stressed about it a lot of the time. “If prices keep going up I am going to have to leave London and that really does upset me, I'm not even sure if I’ll be able to rent anywhere else. There does need to be better protections, we need it as it could really cause some harm to some people.” According to data from Rightmove, rental prices across the UK has increased significantly from last year with the average rental price now standing at £1,126. This is an 11 percent increase on last year. READ MORE: 'Worth a try' Mum shares 'substantial change' that helped save £95 a month on energy bills  London has seen rents rise by around 15 percent pushing the average rental price to £2,257. The renter’s union ACORN stated that it is seeing renter's finances “squeezed to breaking point” as it is seeing more and more “high jump increases” than normal. Anny Cullum, policy & research officer, ACORN said: “In some cases, rents will be going up to compensate for mortgage rates going up, but the rate of inflation on rents, in general, is far outstripping the increase on buy-to-let mortgage rates so this cannot be said to be the prime factor neither can landlord experiencing tighter finances in the cost of living crisis.” “We can cite supply and demand as the context for prices going up but we must remember that no one is forcing landlords to increase rents, and many who are being opportunistically greedy.” In a recent survey by the Tenants Union, 47 percent of renters had had a rent rise in the last two years. One in five said they had to move out of an area because they couldn’t afford the going rents prices anymore. There are 13 million people in the UK that rent with a private landlord, and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has recently introduced new legislation which aims to offer more protection for renters.  The published white paper changed the renting rules to ban 'no-fault' evictions and make it easier for tenants with children and pets to rent a property. Alongside this, a new property portal has been introduced, allowing tenants to view information about their landlord’s obligations and be able to hold them responsible for these - a move intended to resolve problems early and reduce court battles. Renters’ rights will also be strengthened in relation to health and safety, aligning the sector with the Decent Homes Standard and intending to eliminate a number of common hazards. ACORN said that it welcomed the policies put forward but doesn’t believe that the proposals would go “far enough” to help renters protect themselves from the cost of living. ACORN has called on the Government to grant local authorities more power to implement rent controls to protect tenants during the crisis as it is seeing more situations similar to Isobel's. Ms Callum said: “Landlords are business people, and we cannot expect them not to take advantage of situations like this to increase their profits and police themselves. “We cannot rely on the market to regulate itself, we need government intervention to stop rents spiralling out of control even further.” 