Tennis stars Emma Raducanu and Naomi Osaka have helped inspire a new Amazon drama which tells the story of a prodigious young female star. The pair are both well accustomed to the trials and tribulations of being a breakthrough player in the sport, with Raducanu last year becoming the first qualifier in history to capture a Grand Slam when she sensationally won the US Open at Flushing Meadows. The 19-year-old has since struggled to replicate her form in New York, failing to get past the second round in the three Slams that have followed. She has also encountered issues holding down a regular coach, recently linking up with retired Russian player Dmitry Tursunov. Osaka, 24, also shone as a youngster, following up her 2018 US Open win with victory at the Australian Open in early 2019. She now has four major titles to her name, but has also endured much publicised mental health battles and last year, took a break from the sport after being fined for refusing media duties at the French Open. But both are viewed as inspirational female figures, and now documentary-makers are looking to capitalise, with Line Of Duty producers World Production planning a new drama, 'Fifteen-Love'. And chief creator Hania Elkington has said the series aims to capitalise on the growing number of role models for women in sport. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal US Open injury fears raised by fans after Cincinnati training regime “The voice of women in sport has never been heard as loudly and clearly as over the last two years," she told bustle.com. "From Simone Biles to Naomi Osaka, Emma Raducanu to Pam Shriver, the pressures and realities of being at the top of your game on the world stage are finally breaking through to us, making us look again at the price our young prodigies can pay for the goals they work so hard to achieve.” The story of Fifteen-Love centres aroung young tennis sensation Justine Pearce, who suffers an horrific injury just as she’s on the cusp of achieving Grand Slam glory aged 17, reaching the final four of the French Open. Five years later, whilst working as a therapist at her old tennis academy, she makes a serious allegation against her former coach and tennis partner Glenn Lapthorn. DON'T MISS:Daniil Medvedev caught in confrontation with Montreal Masters fan after 'loser' chantsEmma Raducanu vs Serena Williams given blockbuster billing in blow to Brit fansAndy Murray given huge Cincinnati test in old rival Stan Wawrinka to threaten US Open prep "Writing this drama, and the people I’ve met through my deep-dive into researching it, has been revelatory," added Elkington. "I hope that Fifteen-Love has the same effect on its audience, and can become another valuable part of this urgent, emerging story." Raducanu meanwhile, is preparing to try and create her own fairytale as she ramps up her build-up to her US Open defence. On Monday, she'll play the iconic Serena Williams in the first round of the Cincinnati Masters.