Raising Kanan returned for the premiere of its second season on Sunday, August 14, on Starz, delighting those who were fans of the prequel's series one. The Power drama is picking up from where it left off with Kanan Stark (played by Mekai Curtis) and Raq Thomas (Patina Miller) still trying to shield themselves from getting into trouble with the law. No matter what happens though, Marvin Thomas (London Brown) has and will remain by their sides and don't they know it.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Power Book III: Raising Kanan. In season one of Raising Kanan, Marvin was the uncle that the rest of the family turned to when they needed a risky job doing. Whether it be to keep Kanan out of danger by driving him home or planting Unique's (Joey Bada$$) bloodied jacket back in his flat so his nephew would get away with shooting Detective Malcolm Howard (Omar Epps), Marvin is always on hand. As fans picked up from the previous series, the eldest brother was almost considered as the dog's body of the family, with Raq telling her sibling what to do. When speaking to Express.co.uk, Marvin star London Brown teased how their relationship will evolve in the new episodes. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation     Talking of Lou Lou Thomas' (Malcolm Mays) and Raq's lack of respect for their brother, Brown explained: "We touch on that within season two...I would say it's going to reverse but also be reciprocated. "Marvin at the beginning of season one, people just thought he was the uncle that always made silly mistakes and bigging up himself and eating. "And that was on purpose, I knew I was going to take Marvin and create these layers throughout the season. "So within this next season, I think people are going to see Marvin be a little more responsible and a little more respect is going to be shown from how they react with Marvin."   As Lou Lou tries to take a step back from the business, Marvin is moving forward. He has always wanted to be Raq's right-hand man and after everything he did for her in series one, fans should expect to see even more of Marvin. While he does sometimes provide some comic relief, he is by no means a good guy. Viewers will know this by just thinking back to the first series with that scene between him and his daughter Jukebox (Hailey Kilgore). DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast presenter shares concern for Roger Johnson  [REVEALED]Why did Douglas Henshall leave Outlander as Taran MacQuarrie? [EXPLAINER]Raising Kanan season 2: Viewers share ‘excitement’ at 'best show' yet  [REACTION]  Marvin had discovered pictures of Jukebox in her bedroom with Nicole (Annabelle Zasowski), showing that they were actually in a relationship before the latter died. When Jukebox returned home, she found her room had been torn up by her father who was enraged by her sexuality. Having insulted Nicole's memory, Jukebox spat at her dad and he retaliated in the worst way possible. Marvin pinned his daughter to the wall. While he stopped himself before killing Jukebox, this has definitely tarnished their relationship forever.   Raising Kanan continues on Sunday, August 21, for its second episode of series two. Entitled Mind Your Business, the synopsis reads: "Raq learns she may have a snitch and tasks Marvin with confirming the rumor. "Lou brings in a potential new artist, but he and Crown disagree. "Kanan helps Famous sell mix tapes. Jukebox tracks down her estranged mother." Power Book III: Raising Kanan season 2 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK. 