Carlos Alcaraz has followed in Novak Djokovic’s footsteps by becoming the first man in 11 years to win a set in 50 consecutive matches despite losing his Montreal Masters opener to Tommy Paul 6-7(4) 7-6(7) 6-3. The world No 4 is enjoying a breakout season, and has become the first man since the 21-time Major champion more than a decade ago to achieve the impressive streak. Alcaraz made his debut at the Canadian Open this week and arrived as the second seed, thanks to a breakthrough year that has seen him win four titles already, including two Masters 1000s. The 19-year-old has solidified himself as a top player this year and proved that he was a tough competitor as he became the first man since Djokovic in 2011 to win at least one set in 50 consecutive matches. The world No 4 opened his campaign in Montreal against tricky American Tommy Paul and was forced to battle hard to win the opening set 7-6(4) after an hour and seven minutes of exciting rallies. Alcaraz was the first to break early in the match for a 2-1 lead but the world No 34 broke straight back. Both men continued to hold until the tiebreak, where the teenager stepped it up a gear to win the opening set and extend his streak to 50 matches on the bounce with at least one set to his name. Despite eventually falling to Paul in three, the young Spaniard is yet to suffer a straight-sets defeat at ATP or Grand Slam level this season, and has now lost just eight matches so far in 2022, picking up titles in Rio, Miami, Barcelona and Madrid to add to his Umag trophy from last year. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios still splits tennis fans despite Wimbledon success It means that the last time the five-time title winner lost a match in straight sets came last year. Frenchman Hugo Gaston, who was ranked at world No 104 at the time, upset the teenager by beating him 6-4 7-5 at the Paris Masters 1000 in November of last year. But Alcaraz bounced back from the defeat to win the Next Gen Finals the following week, following in the footsteps of Stefanos Tsitsipas. He blew a 4-1 lead in the second set to lose five games in a row and allow the American to serve for the set. The world No 4 broke back and the pair went to another tiebreak, starting in dramatic fashion when Alcaraz broke his shoe after a thrilling exchange. DON'T MISSRaducanu urged to accept McEnroe request despite Wimbledon criticismDjokovic lacking support from tennis fans as Biden told to ignore pleaRaducanu reveals inspiring aspect of Williams' legacy amid retirement The tiebreak was more neck-and-neck this time around with each player saving match and set points before Paul edged Alcaraz 7-6(7). The second seed failed to capitalise on two break point chances in the opening game of the third set and ended up being broken by the American a few games later. Alcaraz was unable to get back on serve despite saving four match points in his last service game of the match and setting up a break point in the final game, and Paul managed to serve out and a 6-7(4) 7-6(7) 6-3 victory in three hours and 20 minutes. 