As coronavirus has evolved so has its symptom profile, but keeping abreast of the wide spectrum of signs has remained a mission. Scientists recently discovered that complications such as erectile dysfunction and hair loss are now common afflictions among long Covid patients. Experts believe, however, these issues don’t have to become permanent. Research published in the BMJ last week found that hair loss and sexual dysfunction are among the wider Covid symptoms. The report stated: “People experiencing long Covid have reported a wider set of symptoms than previously thought, including hair loss and sexual dysfunction.” The discovery, by scientists from the University of Birmingham in England, emerged from an analysis of anonymised medical records of more than two million people in the UK. They found overwhelming evidence that infections from COVID-19 symptoms cause wider-ranging complications than had previously been thought. READ MORE: Covid infection could increase the risk of type 2 diabetes Shamil Haroon, associate clinical professor in public health at the University of Birmingham was the senior author of the study. She said: “[…] The symptoms of long Covid are extremely broad and cannot be fully accounted for by other factors such as lifestyle risk factors or chronic health conditions. “The symptoms we identified should help clinicians and clinical guideline developers to improve the assessment of patients with long-term from COVID-19 and to subsequently consider how this symptom burden can be best managed.” While reports of erectile dysfunction in connection to COVID-19 have grown, researchers believe certain factors may increase the likelihood. It’s been speculated that the complication may be more common in men with severe cases of infection. When erectile dysfunction is not caused by lifestyle, doctors may recommend medical treatment to relieve symptoms. Doctor Amarnath Rambhatla, a Urologist a Henry Ford Health, believes older men may also be at an increased risk due to having lower testosterone levels. Older men are equally more likely to experience an increased inflammatory response to COVID-19, and may also have other risk factors for severe COVID-19, such as diabetes, high blood pressure and cardiovascular problems. READ MORE: Covid latest: Children who suffer 4 symptoms could develop long Covid Some of these issues may also underpin the rising prevalence of hair loss after COVID-19, but how exactly COVID-19 leads to hair loss remains unclear. Fortunately, Doctor Victoria Manning, Medical Aesthetics Doctor at River Aesthetics, working with Regenlab, told express.co.uk that hair loss may be reversible through treatment. She explained: “Although scientists cannot fully explain what causes the immune system to attack hair follicles in this way, genetics appears to play a part. “Alopecia areata is a polygenic disease, meaning that it is caused by the combination of genes inherited from both parents, as well as a contribution from the environment.