Can you imagine the trauma seriously ill people go through wondering when, or even if, urgent help is going to arrive at their door? Surely it cannot be beyond the scope of highly paid hospital officials to come up with a solution.Why not erect marquees on hospital grounds, with beds and medical equipment, where ambulance staff can safely place patients and get back on the road for the next call? Wake up NHS. I am afraid that's my lot with the polling booth.After viewing a gang of Eritreans in Calais smoking cannabis and swigging Jack Daniel's while waiting for the next boat, there seems little point in voting, says Jim Sokol, from Minehead, Somerset. It appears the Tories have given up trying to stop them, while a Labour government would welcome this mass flotilla of spongers. It is infuriating that our politicians allow entry to thousands of single men, doling out benefits paid for by taxpayers. Meanwhile our own people cannot afford their own homes and have to take on two jobs or visit food banks to survive. Priti Patel has delivered nothing of substance in her tenure as Home Secretary. I suspect this is another waft of hot air to try to demonstrate otherwise, says Peter Rushton, from Chorley, Lancs. Interestingly there was only a throwaway comment about a crackdown on illegal migrants because, as she knows, the legal system has her tied up in knots. When are we going to see a reassessment of the Human Rights Act which supports total control of our borders and that represents what the majority of the British public really want to see? I disagree with the Daily Express and the Government on the issue of trade unions striking for fairer conditions and pay rises to keep up with the cost of living, says Alex Warner, from Stalybridge, Greater Manchester. If it was up to some hardline Conservatives, workers in the public and private sector would have no right to strike at all and I think that is grossly unfair. I believe that those who are active members of a trade union must have a right to strike and participate on a picket line, otherwise we cannot describe Britain as a democratic society. Suddenly all the union "dinosaur" leaders are trying to justify their existence by promoting strike action based on the rises in the cost of living, says Richard Mellor, from Borwick, Lancashire. How much is political in the hope Labour will succeed, a government they think they'll then control? If the Government grants them all they want, the domino effect will mean everything else will increase, so cancelling their rises and making life worse for everyone.