As they discussed the day they met when Amanda was 21 and Clive 42, Amanda asked her at-the-time husband if he recalled the special moment during an episode of their hit series. Clive revealed he did before the Yorkshire Shepherdess quipped "he shouldn't have opened the door" to her. The Our Yorkshire Farm couple stunned fans of the hit Channel 4 series earlier this year when they announced they had decided to split, but classic episodes show the two fondly reminiscing about their relationship. "This first time you and I met you it was a very dark evening," Amanda remembered. "And I'd come to borrow a tup, remember?" "I do remember," Clive confirmed. "This six-foot-something woman knocked at my door." "He shouldn't have answered it, should he?" Amanda joked. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 "No!" Clive agreed, laughing. "But I was very taken with her, you couldn't not be." The couple went on to have nine children, all of whom help them around the farm in tough conditions. In June, Amanda took to Twitter to announce to her followers she and Clive had decided to call it a day on their marriage. She told her 513,000 followers: "Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate. "This hasn't been easy, but we both believe it's the right choice for the future of our family. "Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children. "We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask that the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time." The remainder of the old episode showed the family battling one of the toughest winters they'd faced. DON'T MISS... Prince Harry warned about going after Queen in new memoir [VIDEO]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little details 'difficult' career blow [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street star Millie Gibson addresses Kelly Neelan exit [LATEST] "Oh I can hardly breathe," Amanda said as she struggled through the snow. "Oh, it's so cold!" Amanda took on the life of hardship when she made the decision to take on the tough farming life in one of the most remote locations in the country. "The winter here is unbelievable, I mean, it really does have its moments - it looks gorgeous," she admitted. "But all the work still needs to be done, it makes it so difficult. "The worse the weather, the worse the day, the more the sheep need the shepherd, but yeah it is really, really hard." "This is like hill farming at its rawest, it's just about on the edge of where you can actually, I suppose, survive." Although the couple have separated, the family will continue to battle the elements at Ravenseat, with the pair carrying on with their work. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on Channel 5.