In the 2017 royal documentary ‘The Royal House of Windsor’, Prince Charles previously claimed that his grandmother, the Queen Mother "meant everything" to him and called her the "most magical grandmother you could possible have". Speaking on a recent episode on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean spoke of a striking similarity between Charles and his late grandmother in the way they conducted themselves within The Firm. Following on from claims that Prince Charles once said that the way he is portrayed on The Crown, isn't like him in real life, Mr Sean said: "Having seen him in action myself on a one-to-one basis, he truly isn't like that. He's got a wicked sense of humour, does have the right thing to say to everyone at the right time and makes everyone feel inclusive." Mr Sean claimed the future king has "picked all of this up from the late Queen Mother". The Queen Mother was "magnificent" with the public, Mr Sean pointed out. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'having cashed up California cake and eating it too' with new UK return He added that, upon speaking on his personal experiences with Charles, the Queen Mother also "knew exactly what to say at the right time" and "made everyone feel incredibly welcome". In the 1990s, Charles once wanted to leave his royal role behind for a life in Italy. The pressures of the media were "remorseless" and it really "affected" how Charles viewed his life within The Firm. Due to his close relationship to his grandmother, it was reportedly the Queen Mother who stopped her grandson in his tracks. READ MORE: William and Kate face flak for moving to THIRD home near Queen as UK families struggle Speaking on a recent episode of Royally Us, royal historian and author, Gareth Russell discussed the Queen Mother's influence on Charles during the stressful time. He said: "She [the Queen Mother] decided to talk to Charles over dinner about Edward [VIII] and how she felt one of his big mistakes has been going to live abroad." He added that the Queen Mother believed "what was unsaid was, as important as what was said". DON'T MISS Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] Speaking on the To Di For Daily podcast, Mr Russell also added: "And the way she [the Queen Mother] phrased it, it became very clear to Charles that she was telling him: ‘Do not leave this country". As the Queen's eldest son, Prince Charles is next in line to the throne. Due to the Queen's ongoing mobility issues, Charles’ responsibilities within the monarchy has ramped up and he is preparing for his next role as king. READ NEXT: