Liverpool and Arsenal are both keen to solve their midfield woes with a signing, and they could be tempted to pursue Houssem Aouar. Lyon are willing to let the Frenchman leave this summer for a cut-price fee, despite previously quoting the Gunners £55million for his services. Aouar is out of contract at the end of the season and has refused to pen an extension with Peter Bosz’s side, meaning that he can sign a pre-agreement with a foreign club in January. Of course, this also means that he will become a free agent next summer, and Lyon are keen to prevent that by offloading him for £12m, according to The Mirror. The 24-year-old was close to signing for Arsenal two seasons ago for £55m, but Lyon pulled the plug on the move late on after deciding against selling one of their key players. Though given the Gunners’ need to sign another midfielder, their interest could certainly be reignited. Mikel Arteta is having to contend with several injury issues in the centre of the park, with Mohamed Elneny now expected to spend a considerable period on the sidelines and Thomas Partey also nursing a thigh injury. Oleksandr Zinchenko could also be considered a midfield option – despite starting the season at left-back – and he too missed Arsenal’s match against Fulham. READ MORE: Liverpool offer for Caicedo to be laughed off after Potter comment Liverpool too are in the hunt for a midfielder, and Jurgen Klopp has been particularly vocal about how he was wrong not to demand a signing in that area of the pitch earlier in the window. Earlier this week, he said: “Are we after a midfielder? Ish...closer we get to last minute...more like [they don't]. I couldn't [give you a name]. It's difficult because for sure there a few who are right but there are diff issues, at clubs who don't want to sell, that's how it is. “There's still time but when it's over, whether someone signs or not, I am really happy as it's over and we can just focus on the squad we have.” The Reds have been linked with Brighton’s Moises Caicedo and RB Leipzig star Konrad Laimer recently, and Aouar could be seen as an alternative option to rush through the door. Fulham and Crystal Palace are amongst the other Premier League sides interested in the Lyon academy product, and the £12m price tag will certainly catch the eye of several other sides. Benfica, too, are keen on Aouar if the player opts not to head to England for the first time in his career. It remains to be seen whether Liverpool or Arsenal opt to make another move for Aouar this summer. However, both clubs have been linked with Leicester City star Youri Tielemans of late, and he too is available for a low price due to his contract expiring next summer as well.