Monthly NHS figures also show that only 71 percent of patients in England were seen by doctors within the four-hour target. Last month 29,316 patients faced 12-hour “trolley waits” in emergency departments.  At the same time 136,200 patients waited for more than four hours to see a physician. This is a massive increase from the 2,208 patients who faced a 12 hour wait in July 2021 exemplifying the staff shortages facing the health service and the crisis in social care. According to the figures, the performance of the NHS is the worst on record across all metrics. What makes the figures even more concerning is that we are currently in the summer period which is usually considered relatively quiet with the possibility of worse to come.  Medical leaders have warned that patients were dying due to long waits and called for the new Prime Minister to “fix the roof now, as the winter will only be worse”. They argued that the crisis would "really start to bite" when either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak get the keys to number 10 on September 5 and accused both leadership contenders of “living in a fantasy world where the NHS isn’t worth mentioning”. Richard Murray, chief executive of the King’s Fund charity said that the NHS had "barely featured" in the Conservative leadership debates. He said: "The intense pressure on NHS and social care services has barely featured in the Conservative Party leadership race, yet the new prime minister will inherit a health and care system in a state of steady crisis.” READ MORE: Bus that crashed injuring 37 driven by man 'without correct training'  NHS leaders argue that the crisis in hospitals is being caused by the fact that there is a lack of beds in social care due to worsening staff shortages. This means that hospitals are increasingly unable to discharge patients into the community and they remain in hospital - what is commonly known as 'bed blocking'. According to figures, only 40 percent of patients were able to leave hospital when they were ready in July with 12,900 beds a day used by those fit to be discharged. One bright spot, however, is the fact that efforts to tackle the Covid backlog have largely been successful with waiting lists of more than two years virtually eliminated. DON'T MISS: M5 traffic latest: British Airways Boeing 747 plane driven up motorway [REVEAL] Huge party with 600 revellers leaves park covered in sheep heads [INSIGHT] Mum-of-eight dies at 47 after spending years indoors   [SPOTLIGHT]  In contrast the waiting list for those seeking life-changing care now stands at a record 6.78 million, meaning one in eight of the population are on the waiting list. Dr Adrian Boyle, from the Royal College of Emergency Medicine slammed the Conservative leadership candidates arguing there was "no political will" to deal with the crisis. He said: "We are seeing the sharp demise of the health service and we are seeing little to no political will to act on or acknowledge the crisis – neither of the leadership candidates seem to recognise the scale of the crisis at hand. "Winter is looming, which will bring a wave of flu and Covid and increased footfall in emergency departments, with the data as dire as it is today and the scale of patient harm already occurring, we dread to think how much worse things could get for patients. “We may reach a point where only half of patients are seen or treated within four hours and see an even higher number of 12-hour waits.” 