Manchester United owners the Glazers are now in the spotlight like never before. Michael Knighton has announced he wants to buy the Red Devils, especially in the wake of their 2-1 defeat to Brighton on Sunday. And while the Americans don’t currently want to sell, they have held talks about flogging the fallen Premier League giants in previous years. Speaking on Wednesday, Knighton announced he was ready to buy United - having previously considered purchasing the club back in 1989. "We are a club in crisis and we all know the reason why," Knighton told Man Utd The Religion. "We have an inept and frankly useless ownership who know little about this game of football. Everyone knows that we need new ownership of this football club and that is my aim and those are my objectives. "I am making good progress, continuing to talk to the people, I have got some good pledges and good finance. “We are now working on the offer document. Remember, it is a hostile bid - that simply means that the club isn't officially for sale. "But my intention is to present these owners with a legitimate, potent and commercial offer to say: 'You have run out of road, it's time go, because your time is up'. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything "And frankly, the fans worldwide have had enough of this regime. “The exciting feeling of a new season, which we all have, and that balloon of excitement that is there, it was all burst when we quickly saw the performance against Brighton. “The club is in crisis and it will remain in crisis while we have this current ownership." He may have a point. Though the Glazers have backed United with some huge signings over the recent years, they’ve done more harm than good. They continue to take dividends out every year, pocketing more money and failing to invest nearly enough back into the team. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already United are one of the biggest teams on the planet and, yet, they’ve been outspent by the likes of Nottingham Forest and West Ham. With all due respect, that shows something is amiss. There’s also the fact the Glazers don’t seem to put any love or care into United, either. They spend most of their time watching on from the United States, from afar, knowing their presence at Old Trafford risks backlash and fury. For now, there’s no indication the Glazers will accept Knighton’s bid for United. Yet The Mirror previously revealed that, in 2018, the Americans DID consider selling up. It was claimed they’d held talks with Saudi Arabia's Prince Mohammed bin Salman about a potential takeover, with the royal figure reportedly willing to pay £3.5billion to acquire the club. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. That would have meant the Glazers making a profit, having purchased United for £790m back in 2005. But the Glazers said no and have remained in charge of the Red Devils ever since. With fury rising by the day, however, it’ll be interesting to see how developments unfold. Knighton seems sure about buying United and with the Glazers more unpopular than ever, they can be forgiven for thinking now is the time to sell up. That would certainly appease many, including Gary Neville. Speaking after United lost to Brighton on Sunday, he insisted now was the time for the Glazers to up and go. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "You talk about the players, look, the time has come for the Glazer family to sell the football club, the time has come, it's now,” he said. “I’m certainly not going to have a go at the coach, the coach need time, a lot of time, "And I've actually got to the point where I'm not going to have a go at the players anymore because if you've got a business and the people who are working in the business can't do the job for you then you remove them from those jobs. "It's actually abuse to keep them doing the jobs for longer because, to be fair, they don't enjoy it either. “The reality is, those players either need replacing or supported more with better players." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here