Daniel Ricciardo announced this week that he will be leaving McLaren at the end of the season. The Australian's contract has been terminated early as a result of his underwhelming performances in the papaya orange. Ricciardo announced his departure on social media on Wednesday, admitting that he had not achieved the results he wanted with McLaren. McLaren boss Zak Brown paid tribute to Ricciardo, branding him a "wonderful person." The team have lined up another Australian driver who is expected to replace Ricciardo – 21-year-old Oscar Piastri. Ricciardo has had a turbulent career in Formula 1 since he entered the sport in 2011. His impressive pace earned him a seat at Red Bull in 2014, and he was competing for race wins with the team throughout his time there. However, with Red Bull heavily invested in young star Max Verstappen, Ricciardo eventually decided to leave the team for Renault. Arguably, Ricciardo's time at Red Bull was his best shot at winning a world title, and failing to do so is something he regrets. In October last year, the Australian said he was "bitter" about the fact he had not achieved his dream of winning a world championship. Speaking to Formula 1’s Beyond the Grid podcast, he said: “There was a time where I was a little bit bitter, like, ‘I should have had a title by now, this sucks, why don’t I, wrong place, wrong time’, or this or that. “But maybe that’s the growth in me or the maturity where I don’t think that anymore. I’m still here because I believe I can win a title, and I want to win a title. “But I’m at peace with whatever happens, as long as I go out and leave it all on the track, I’ll get fulfilment.” Ricciardo's move to Renault shocked many. He spent two years with the team before making the switch to McLaren in 2021. In the 2021 interview with the Beyond the Grid podcast, Ricciardo also said he didn't want his desire to be a world champion to dictate his life. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher a 'candidate' to replace Fernando Alonso at Alpine He continued: “The goal is to be World Champion, and I think that is why I will wake up every morning with the desire to do this. But I don’t want that to dictate my whole happiness. “I’ve been doing this 10 years. I’m not world champion yet, so there’s no guarantee it will happen. “I just don’t want to put all my eggs in one basket and then be miserable for the rest of my life because I haven’t done it." With his McLaren exit confirmed, attention is now turning to whether Ricciardo will still be in a Formula 1 car next year. DON'T MISSF1 hero Schumacher blasts Alpine 'sore losers' after Piastri saga [INSIGHT]McLaren protege calls out boss Zak Brown over Oscar Piastri situation [ANALYSIS]Four F1 stars under pressure from Schumacher as Haas makes confession [INSIGHT] ESPN reported this week that Haas have sounded him out for a potential move. Mick Schumacher's contract with the team expires in November, meaning a seat could open up for Ricciardo. Ricciardo could also make a return to his former team Alpine (formerly Renault). Fernando Alonso announced he will be leaving Alpine for Aston Martin next season, and the French team are yet to confirm his replacement. For now, Ricciardo will be focused on producing a good performance at the Belgian Grand Prix this weekend to advertise himself to potential suitors.