The royal biographer was invited onto Saturday's instalment of GB News to discuss Prince Harry's long-awaited memoir. Angela Levin told viewers the Duke of Sussex will be "very worried" he is "going to be in trouble" when it is finally released. She also claimed his wife Meghan Markle will be "furious" if he does not publish the book soon. Angela believes Harry is now in an impossible position amid reports the publication of his tell-all book is going to be delayed until next year. Angela told GB News' Esther McVey and Philip Davis: “I think he’s very worried. He’s in the middle of two very different positions here. "If it does come out and it slags off his parents, slags off the Queen, slags off the Royal Family, again, then I think he’s going to be in trouble. “We’ve now all heard more than enough about what a terrible time he’s had which is not always true.  READ MORE: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death  "But if he doesn’t write it then Meghan will be furious because she’s been helping him to write it.” The author claimed Harry and Meghan need the Royal Family to earn more commercially despite what they have said. "That’s the reality," she added. "He’s in a very difficult spot. I think he might take out some of the extra nasty bits. "But, at the same time, he’s got to get it out there because he’s been promised a lot of money for this book.”   Harry's book was set to be released by the end of this year but it is understood it could be delayed until next year over "truth bomb" concerns. Last year, Prince Harry said he was creating an “intimate and heartfelt memoir” about his life. The memoir, published by Penguin Random House, will be the “definitive account” of his “experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons”. Harry said of the book: “I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learnt - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.” DON'T MISS...Meghan told to 'never set foot here again' as South Africans fume [UPDATE]Prince Harry opens up on heartbreaking wish for Archie and Lilibet [LATEST]Meghan Markle's podcast branded '12-week war' in warning to Palace [INSIGHT] He continued: “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first-hand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” The "wholly truthful" account is reportedly ghost-written by Pulitzer Prize-winner JR Moehringer. Harry's family will not get an exclusive preview of the book before it hits the shelves, the Telegraph has claimed. The publication reported neither his father Prince Charles nor his brother Prince William have had a glimpse of the manuscript.  The last time Harry opened up about his personal life was when he was interviewed by Oprah Winfrey in 2021 alongside Meghan. The bombshell interview sent shockwaves around the globe after the couple explained why they stepped down as senior royals in 2020. Meanwhile, Meghan has recently released a podcast, named Archetypes, where she promised listeners would get to hear the "unfiltered" version of herself. GB News airs daily on Sky on channel 515, Freeview channel 236 and Virgin Media channel 626. 