Royal fans said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge “always take the high road” after they sent a message to Meghan Markle on her birthday. They heaped praise on the couple for being “classy” and “gracious” after they tweeted “Wishing a happy birthday to The Duchess of Sussex!” alongside a picture of Meghan, 41.  Kate and William’s message comes despite relations being strained between the Cambridges and Sussexes after they were not pictured together in public when Meghan and Harry returned to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Sarah Delore said: “William and Catherine always take the high road. “Always choose to be graceful and classy. Incredible.” Phillipa Coleman tweeted: “That’s enormously gracious of you both.” Bernadette Sassen posted: “This shows William & Catherine's class.” Matt “Twister” Endspiel told them: “Nice to see you being the better people by wishing HB.  READ MORE: Harry does 'not look happy' as Kate and Will return to favourite event MancLass said: “Always classy, The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.” Donna Beuth added: “Extremely generous of you both, but you do possess class, poise and integrity, unlike some people. “ Prince William and Prince Harry remain distant after months of fallout following the Sussexes explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey.  DON'T MISS Real reason Queen silent on Meghan Markle's birthday [REVEALED]Sussexes will lockdown in royal fortress during Jubilee return [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan's California circle of friends includes A-listers [INFO] The two brothers reunited last July to unveil a statue of their mother Princess Diana but haven’t been seen in public together since. The pair did not even reunite when Harry and Meghan travelled to the UK from the US with their two children, Archie and Lilibet, to attend the Jubilee celebrations. Meghan and Harry arrived ahead of Kate and William, and sat on the opposite side of St Paul’s Cathedral to the Cambridges and Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.  Harry first hinted at tension between him and his older brother during the ITV documentary Harry & Meghan: An African Journey in October 2019. He described having both good days and bad days with William. In January 2020, Harry and Meghan announced they would step down from their senior royal duties and divide their time between the UK and North America. Harry said during the CBS interview with Ms Winfrey: "I love William to bits. We’ve been through hell together and we have a shared experience, but we are on different paths." He went on to claim William and Prince Charles were both trapped within the monarchy. Harry added: "The relationship is space at the moment and time heals all things, hopefully." William was forced to counter accusations of racism levelled against the monarchy by his brother during his Oprah Winfrey interview, saying: "We're very much not a racist family." The Duke of Sussex is now set to reveal more about royal life in an upcoming memoir.