Lewis Hamilton doesn't want Mercedes to be too "stubborn" in their plans for the W13 as the team bid for their first win of the year after the summer break. Mercedes raised plenty of eyebrows in the official F1 test in Barcelona earlier this year when they completely changed the design of their car which featured 'zero sidepods'. It was an extreme concept compared to Red Bull and Ferrari, both of whom had much wider cars heading into the campaign. Mercedes have since been playing catch up to their rivals and have made great progress in the past few months. Toto Wolff has maintained his confidence in Mercedes that their sidepod-less design remains the best way forward for the team. Some have called on Mercedes to scrap the design and follow in the footsteps of Ferrari and Red Bull. It's worked to some degree so far and Hamilton was the fastest man on track at the end of the Hungarian Grand Prix as he finished second. But that first win of the season has still evaded them so far and Hamilton hopes "pride" won't stand in the team's way of changing things if it becomes clear the victory won't come.  "I honestly think there is potential to win races and every week I'm hoping that they find something that just brings us that little bit of extra downforce without bouncing," he told ViaPlay. "But it's been tough for the team achieve, but no one's given up on it. "I think fundamentally we have to acknowledge that the others have done a better job and whichever philosophy that've taken has worked well for them and we have to be conscious of that moving forward. We can't be stubborn and say, 'no our way is definitely the way and it will eventually work' because we could wait years for that.  "We have to be quick, we have to be concise, we have to be humble in our approach which I think we will be I hope. That's a conversation that's in the background because you know how engineers are, there's a lot of pride in everyone's work as there should be, but I really do hope by the end of the year that we're able to get a win. "I truly believe we will get a win this year but one win is not enough for us in terms of what we work for. I think right now when I'm talking to the team I'm like, 'hey, this is what I don't want next year and this is what I need next year in this car' so I'm trying to help steer them to make sure they provide us with that next year." Hamilton holds an incredible record of winning at least one race in every F1 season he's competed in. But he's running out of races to make that happen with just 9 Grands Prix left this year.