Singer-songwriter, musician and actor Matt Goss is the eighth celebrity confirmed to be taking part in Strictly Come Dancing 2022, which will kick off next month. As fans have reacted negatively to the current line-up, many praised the fact there was finally "solid booking" for the BBC competition.  Matt said: “I’m extremely nervous and excited, but I’m optimistic because I’m very supple from the knees down.” The music legend has enjoyed mega success as the front man of BROS, with their debut album Push going platinum seven times. It remained on the UK top ten music charts for an astonishing 54 weeks. With continued success as a solo artist, Matt is about to release his solo album, The Beautiful Unknown. READ MORE: Responding to Monday's announcement, Twitter user @RyanGSoapKing11 wrote: "YESSS!!!! I'm so pleased with this signing. "Matt Goss has been teased to be on the show for a few years now and he's finally on the show. Welcome to the show @mattgoss. "Enjoy the #Strictly experience you'll be amazing." @deafinitelyhere commented: "Solid booking for the over 45s generation." @WELLS35 added: "Was getting a bit disappointed with the celebrities - this is a massive boost!" @gemmamyers remarked: "This as an amazing booking!" "Definitely watching it now," @Bhambabe posted. @tvgenius05 tweeted: "@bbcstrictly and @mattgoss Best named celeb so far." DON'T MISS... Bargain Hunt's Charles Hanson set to make staggering £15k profit [LATEST]Camilla triumphs over Charles as royal couple go 'head-to-head' [LATEST]Richard Madeley blasts 'irrelevant' Gordon Brown [VIDEO] On Monday's This Morning, Matt was exclusively revealed as a contestant on this year’s Strictly Come Dancing. Matt told hosts Josie Gibson and Craig Doyle: "I’m excited, I’m nervous. "You have the conversation and then you go about your day and you think, ‘I’ve got to dance.’ "I’m eating everything that’s favourable to Spandex. I’ve got to make sure it’s alright, I’m excited."  He added: “I’ve been almost reclusive. I come in [to the country], I work and go back to America. "I just thought, ‘You know what, it’s time for me to come home, just do something completely out of my comfort zone'. "I’m quite shy off stage. I just have to face all those demons and just learn." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.