The news comes as tension continues to be felt following US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s visit to the island. China has conducted live-fire exercises in response and has withdrawn from several Sino-American agreements as sabre-rattling continues to emanate from Beijing.  Taipei snubbed the white paper yesterday calling for the island of Taiwan to be “absorbed” into the One China policy. China has stated it intends to perform the reunification in a peaceful manner but has also shared open and frank statements about going to war if necessary. Speaking of the proposal, Taiwan’s Mainland Affairs Committee said “one country, two systems” was “unacceptable” and is “not an option for Taiwan.” The rejection was also backed up by the Taiwanese foreign ministry which echoed the resentment of the idea.  Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Joanne Ou said: “China has repeatedly staged provocative actions, including sabre-rattling drills, cyberattacks and disinformation to try to coerce Taiwan in recent days, and even released its so-called policy white paper towards Taiwan to promote its so-called grand mission of unification with the motherland.” In spite of China’s hopes of a peaceful reunion, the white paper also said Beijing wouldn’t rule out the use of force if “external forces” and “separatist elements” move the island too close to independence. China has repeatedly made clear to the US that Taiwan is a red line and that Washington’s support for “independence forces” could lead to war. The white paper is the first of its type in over twenty years and signals China is looking to accelerate its reunification programme with Taiwan.  READ MORE:Macron risks war with China as France sends tough message to Xi Zhu Guilan, an expert from the Institute of Taiwan Studies under Tsinghua University, said: "One Country, Two Systems is an institutional innovation to ensure national unity and peaceful development, as it takes full account of the compatibility between different social systems in a country.” Wang Jianmin, a senior cross-Straits studies expert at Minnan Normal University, also added: “One Country, Two Systems has been stigmatized in the island, but this will not affect its implementation in the island after Taiwan is reunified with the motherland. “The mainland's goodwill in policy has always been blocked or distorted by media on the island, most of which are controlled by DPP authorities to promote its secessionist position. “Therefore, it will not be a short process for Taiwan compatriots to correctly and precisely understand "one country, two systems."  DON'T MISS:Royal Navy to benefit from latest 'heavy lift' [REVEAL]Xi to undermine Biden in new move over oil [REPORT]US risks direct conflict with China on border with India [INSIGHT] The US has vowed to protect Taiwan from China and has supplied the island with a host of defensive equipment. Chinese experts have raised concerns the weapons are not solely defensive and are able to reach the mainland. In response, China has scaled up its own defence programme, launching its third aircraft carrier – aptly named “Fujian” after the nearest mainland province to Taiwan – and stepping up its patrols of the highly strategic choke point in the Taiwan Straits. The US is looking to change its own policy toward Taiwan in response of growing tension between Beijing and Washington.  Scroll down to our comments section below to share YOUR views on this story Senators Bob Menendez and Lindsey Graham recently introduced a bill that would designate Taiwan a “major non-NATO ally,” authorize £3,8 billion in military aid for the island over four years and require economic sanctions in response to a Chinese attack. Mr Menendez said that the US can’t make the same “mistake” with Taiwan that it did with Ukraine. He argued that the US didn’t support Kyiv enough to prevent a Russian invasion, even though it’s clear that US meddling in Ukraine was one of President Vladimir Putin’s main motivations for launching the invasion. He said: “A clear lesson from the war in Ukraine is that authoritarian leaders have been emboldened in recent years by dysfunctional democracies and hesitant international institutions. “Accordingly, the United States needs less ambiguity to guide our approach to Taiwan,”  Follow me on Twitter @JamesLee_DE for more Defence and Security News