On this occasion, six police officers were sent to arrest and handcuff a man in Hampshire whose "crime" had been to pass on a highly questionable social media message. And the week closed with a report by the police watchdog saying failures over crimes such as robbery, burglary and theft have smashed the vital "bond of trust" we should have with our police. Let us try - as I always do when discussing police stories - to keep things in proportion. The majority of those brave enough to pull on the uniform do the job proud. But a growing number are simply not up to it and seem to have lost any notion as to what the job of the police actually is. They are not helped by senior officers and current "police think". Most police forces have renamed themselves as "services" and have therefore been complicit in their relegation to little more than an adjunct of the local council's social services department. It is widely held that promotion up the ranks is more likely to be earned by dreaming up some "right on" initiative than nicking villains. Being seen to espouse and champion LGBT+ causes will get you up the ladder far quicker than cracking down on GBH or D&D. When male officers go completely loopy and paint their fingernails, or wear high-heeled shoes to support some charity or other, you will see senior officers proclaiming how this will help get to "hard to reach" groups, rather than taking them for a brief, one-way meeting without tea or biscuits.  Suggesting to these sort of cops that some doors need to be kicked off their hinges and hardened villains arrested would be like speaking a different language. They are far happier chasing down hate crime, where the worst they might get is a disobliging text, or talking about "specially trained officers" helping families cope with some unimaginable tragedy. While those desperately unfortunate folk should be given support and assistance, it should not be down to the police. Their sole aim should be to catch those who have caused such heartache and distress. It is this dereliction of real duty, or re-definition of it, that lies behind the two examples of shocking police ineptitude outlined at the start of this piece. What possessed officers - who had been called to a report of a care home resident using a knife to threaten staff - to behave in the way they did? Their initial contact with the 93-year-old man - who had lost a leg, was suffering with dementia and was confined to a wheelchair - resulted in one officer using pepper spray on the bewildered pensioner and then trying to restrain him with a baton.  When that failed, they opted to put 50,000 volts through the poor man by shooting with him a Taser. Once the knife had been taken off him, he was handcuffed - of course! - and taken to hospital, where he died three weeks later. Just days after that story, another one emerged last week concerning the arrest of a British army veteran in Hampshire. His "crime" was to share a picture on social media that showed a swastika of sorts comprising a number of Pride flags. Again, an ugly sentiment - but what happened to free speech? Had he directed it at, or named, an individual, I can understand the police action. But, are we now in a state where you are not permitted to question society's stance on certain issues? No fewer than six officers were despatched to this "shout", and upon arrest the man was also handcuffed. Of course he was. How else are police meant to contend with a bloke in his 50s armed with nothing more than his mobile phone? Why are police even policing social media if no crime has been committed, just because one person has expressed "anxiety?" Any expert will tell you policing can only function if "we" continue to be policed by "them". It is that so-called "bond of trust" again. Now it is time for this "cop out" to end.  When anyone or any organisation seeks to censor books, you know you are in trouble. This makes the revelation that universities have removed certain books from reading lists for students due to "challenging" content even more disturbing. And when you hear that one university, York, has decided the Holy Bible requires a content warning, you can be assured we are hell-bent on a direction to a bad place. In total 10 universities, including three from the supposedly elite Russell Group such as York, have withdrawn books or made them optional in case they cause students harm. Pardon me, but precisely how is a student "caused harm" by a book? Some of the "banned" authors include geniuses of literature such as Charles Dickens, Agatha Christie, Charlotte Brontë and Jane Austen. This is patently absurd. How many students, who have spent a decade playing computer games in which victims have their heads blown off and others are mown down by runaway trucks, have suggested they have issues with any of these books? Rather, it is achingly "right-on" professors and spineless management who sign up to such literary lunacy.  A very large - and incredibly glamorous - chunk of the youth of many of us ended last week with the sad news of the death of Olivia Newton-John. She was the girl next door, turned global superstar - but delightfully never lost her grounded touch. The director of the 1978 movie Grease, Randal Kleiser, was on my radio breakfast show the day after she died.He explained that Olivia, then aged 29, was concerned she would look too old to play a high school girl. And he was worried she wouldn't be able to "vamp it up" in leathers for the final scenes. As the world now knows, neither needed to have had any anxiety. But as others have rightly pointed out, given the storyline it is highly unlikely this movie would even get made now. From its gleeful, unabashed, uninhibited fun (which is clearly an escapist romp as the stars take flight in their car at the end!) to dreary, confected, censorship in a little over 40 years... This attitude is "not the one that I want".  England sailed into the last rugby World Cup final - but sank without trace when the going got tough. Their performance in the most recent Six Nations was lamentable. Credit where it is due, they put some of that right with the tour of Australia, but overall, coach Eddie Jones seems to be living on borrowed time. He is allowed to conduct his own reviews of his performance and even permitted to go overseas to fulfil training contracts elsewhere. The Rugby Football Union watches on in respectful silence - but when he criticises the private school system for not making enough leaders, he gets instantly slapped down. A load of rugby balls to the fans.   Admittedly it is not easy to celebrate in this hot, hot summer. But let these classy and well-priced bubbles lift the mood. Extra Special Prosecco at Asda, £8.