Karren Brady, 53, reacted to Sir Rod Stewart's blended family picture as he reunited with seven of his children on holiday to Italy. The Apprentice star said although "we don't really know what goes on behind the scenes" she shared her thoughts on the rock legend's blended family trip. The Maggie May singer's wife Penny Lancaster, 51, recently took to Instagram and shared a candid snap alongside her beau, and seven of his children. To the left of the married pair was Penny’s son Alastair, 16, as well as Rod’s other children: Sean, 41, and Kimberly, 42. To their right was Penny’s younger son Aiden, 11, and Rod’s remaining children: Ruby, 35, Renee, 30, and Liam, 27. Rod’s eldest daughter Sarah Streeter, 58, was not present. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson fainted at sight of Olivia Newton-John clip Writing in her latest column for The Sun, Karren reacted to the snap of him joined by his kids from his previous relationships with "four other women". She began: "Penny Lancaster shared a holiday picture of her and husband Rod with their sons Alastair, 16, and Aiden, 11. "They were joined by various other kids from Sir Rod’s previous relationships with four other women." The family had been enjoying a holiday while on board a yacht on the Amalfi coast, as the businesswoman said they "looked to be having the time of their lives".  Karren wrote: "Of course, who knows what is really going on behind the scenes, but Rod and Penny always look to me like they do the massive, blended happy family so well. "They look like they are all having so much fun and I wish them lots of happy years together." At the height of his fame, Rod admitted he was sleeping with so many models that sex was "beginning to get boring". The legendary singer, who has tied the knot three times, has confessed he married too young and should have heeded the warning of family members. DON'T MISS... Heidi Klum, 49, says she still loves taking her clothes off[LATEST]Kate Garraway on break from GMB amid Derek's 'life-threatening' sepsis[UPDATES]The Beatles' Ringo Starr left fans gobsmacked exposing toes[PICTURES] When the musician was 17-years-old, his girlfriend at the time, Susannah Boffey, were both teenagers when their daughter Sarah was born, and they gave her up for adoption. Rod didn’t see his eldest child for decades until he got back in touch when her adoptive mother Evelyn died in 2007. His first wife was American actress and model Alana, who had previously been married to actor George Hamilton. The couple got married in 1979, the same year that Alana gave birth to their daughter Kimberly, and has since admitted he got married too young. Rod told PEOPLE magazine: "When I told my dad I was getting married, he said, 'You're far too young,'" he recalled. "He was right. I still had a lot of living, partying, drinking and sh**ing to do." The following year their son Sean arrived, but their marriage ended soon after. Rod had started seeing model Kelly Emberg and they stayed together for seven years, welcoming their daughter Ruby. Following their split, Rod proposed and tied the knot three months later with New Zealand born model Rachel Hunter. Rachel gave birth to their daughter Renee in 1992 and two years later their son Liam arrived. Rod later found love with another model, Penny, who he began dating in 1999 and the couple got married in 2007. The couple have two children, Alastair and Aiden, who are mostly kept out of the limelight. 