Many households are moving away from chemical-based cleaners in their home, and this is especially true of the oven. Tackling stubborn grease and grime might seem like a long-winded chore, but there is a method to "loosen" the dirt up without using any "harsh chemicals". Posting to a Reddit forum dedicated to oven cleaning hacks, a user named Vexed_Violet said: "I hate harsh chemicals so I use baking soda and vinegar." She said the method "really loosens it up," though added: "Occasionally, you will need to scrub the bottom a bit, but I wouldn't do it if it wasn't effective." Baking soda and white vinegar are two natural, common household products which are often recommended for various cleaning uses around the home. The pH of both products is the reason why they are particularly good at cutting through dirt and grime. READ MORE: Hornets: Native species ‘most prevalent’ right now - how to deter them As a base, the alkaline nature of baking soda dissolves organic compounds such as dirt and grease. The mineral structure of baking soda particles also provides a gentle abrasive for cleaning without leaving scratches behind. White vinegar, on the other hand, works well because of its acidity. As it is so acidic, it can counteract build-ups of soap scum, hard water stains and grease, among other things. Experts from Living Science explained: "When baking soda is mixed with vinegar, the acid breaks down baking soda, releasing carbon dioxide gas that can help lift dirt from the surfaces being cleaned." How to clean your oven using baking soda and vinegar The Reddit user shared her method for cleaning her oven using the two eco-friendly ingredients. To begin, remove your oven racks from the appliance. Pop these into warm, soapy water and leave to soak. Next, the user recommends spraying your oven with a solution of three parts white vinegar and one part water. DON'T MISSInterior features that make a home ‘instantly look cheap’ [COMMENT]Home updates to ‘add thousands’ to your house price [INTERVIEW]Cleaning hack to banish hard water marks - 'so useful' [INSIGHT] Next, she said: "Rub baking soda onto all surfaces with a sponge [and] heat to 400F (204C)." Once heated, switch off the oven and allow to "cool completely" before using the vinegar mixture and sponge to wipe away the nastiness. Finally, give the inside of your oven a "once over with a water-damp rag." To clean the oven racks once they have soaked scrub with dish soap to remove any caked-on grease and grime. For an added kick, you can use a paste of baking soda and vinegar, as well as an old toothbrush for hard-to-reach crevices.