Barry Pearl played Doody in the classic film, Grease. He and iconic Sandy star Olivia Newton-John remained friends ever since, and the actor held back tears as he talked about the singer on Tuesday's This Morning. ITV host Josie was also moved and became choked up after hearing a sweet story Barry shared. He had explained how he knew Olivia's health was worsening and was told she may not have long. The actor went on to recall how he decided to send her an email which alluded to her own signature sign-off. Reminiscing about how the 73-year-old used to sign off her emails: "With love and light," he went on to say he sent her a poignant message before her death. He explained: "I said 'On your journey forward, simply know that you, Olivia, are the love and the light.'" READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed Josie became tearful at the story and later admitted it had "got her". During the interview, Barry went on: "I like to think that I surround myself with those kinds of people. "I like to think that I have a spark of that. And it helps to get your message across, and hers was love and light." "Oh Barry," Josie exclaimed. "Those words are just beautiful, they're absolutely beautiful, thank you." Co-host Craig Doyle added: "Take care of yourself today, Barry, it's going to be a hard day for you." "Yeah, we're sending you so much love," Josie stated. "Because it must be very, very hard for you because we know how close you were, so." "Indeed, thank you very much for having me on and to speak to the collective heart of the fans," Barry replied. DON'T MISS... Ellie Taylor slams Strictly curse as she's 9th celeb confirmed [LATEST]Matt Goss spurns America for UK return 'Don't want to be recluse' [VIDEO]Olivia Newton-John's Grease co-star breaks down talking about singer [LATEST] He continued: "Because you folks are the ones that keep all of us relevant..." Becoming choked up, he added: "And she was well aware of that, and she treated all her fans with grace and dignity and love and light. Thank you." Josie's voice also stifled a cry as she replied: "Thank you." "Thanks, Barry," Craig repeated. He sighed as he commented: "Wow." Turning to Josie, he added: "He spoke so eloquently, didn't he?" "I know!" Josie responded as she waved some papers in front of her to dry the tears. Talking about how it's an emotional day later in the show, Josie admitted: "Barry got me." Several morning shows have dedicated coverage to the late star, who has fans from across the globe. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.