Napoli head coach Luciano Spalletti has conceded that it would be ‘difficult’ to reject an £85million (€100m) bid from Manchester United for forward Victor Osimhen. The Red Devils have been strongly linked with the Nigerian as they seek to strengthen Erik ten Hag’s attack. Osimhen has attracted interest from across Europe this summer, with Arsenal reportedly interested before the Gunners signed top target Gabriel Jesus. However, the 23-year-old has remained at Napoli and has just days before the transfer window slams shut. Napoli will try to keep their prized asset this week but boss Spalletti has admitted that it could be difficult to do so if a club makes a major offer. The Serie A side have already lost several key players this summer and have spent the transfer window acquiring some shrewd replacements. Spalletti has slapped a whopping £85m transfer price tag on the head of Osimhen. He told journalists following a 0-0 draw with Fiorentina: “I don’t have time to think about these things, we have a game every few days. Is the club thinking about it? The club thinks of any situation that is of interest to our players. JUST IN: Man Utd 'considering' four more signings after £84m Antony agreement “I say that if a club offers you €100m, it is not easy to say no. Since I arrived here, all the players have been on the market for the right price.” It is the same fee that United have apparently agreed with Ajax to sign Brazilian winger Antony. The 22-year-old is set to have a medical with the Premier League club this week after forcing a move to Old Trafford. Antony refused to play for Ajax in their two most recent Eredivisie matches and conducted a tell-all interview in which he urged Ajax to sell him. The Dutch giants will receive a record fee for an Eredivisie club. DON'T MISS...Antony 'in UK in next 48 hours' for Man Utd medicalMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag's view on signing both Cody Gakpo and AntonyMan Utd have world class 'leader' back under Ten Hag thanks to Ronaldo United will not finish their business by signing Antony. It is clear that Ten Hag wants to make further additions. They could be tempted to sign a new forward if Cristiano Ronaldo finally departs the club. Ronaldo has been linked with a swap deal to Napoli involving Osimhen, who already has two Serie A goals in three appearances this season. Osimhen has earned a reputation as one of Europe’s best young strikers in recent years. He struck 18 times across all competitions last term. Ten Hag appears to have settled on a front three of Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and either Anthony Elanga or Anthony Martial over the last few weeks. However, that could now change with the addition of Antony and the potential acquisition of another striker.