Locke and Key first made its way onto Netflix in 2020, just before the UK went into lockdown so was one of the many shows that were binge-watched during the pandemic. Two years on and the supernatural drama has reached its final conclusion. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the Locke and Key season three cast. Tyler is the eldest of the Locke siblings and feels responsible for the house and his brother and sister after their dad's death. In season three, he will be approaching his 18th birthday and as adults forget the magic, he isn't going to remember all of the adventures they've had up until now. Actor Connor Jessup has appeared in various shows and films, including The Saddle Club, White Lie and American Crime. He starred in the sci-fi drama Falling Skies for four years as Ben Mason. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets While Tyler has been wary of using the keys for his own personal use at times Kinsey has not. She used the Head Key to remove her fears when she was getting to her new school. But she is going to have to become the sibling in charge when Tyler forgets all that happened before with Keyhouse. Actress Emilia Jones had a recurring role in the drama Utopia and made appearances in shows such as Doctor Who, Residue and Wolf Hall. She was also nominated for a BAFTA for leading actress for her work on the film CODA. Bode is the youngest of the Locke siblings and was the one who discovered the magical keys in the first place. In the third series, Bode is going to find a new key that allows its holder to travel through time. Actor Jackson Robert Scott played Billy in the hit Disney+ Marvel spin-off Wandavision. Horror fans may also recognise him as Georgie in the 2017 remake of Stephen King's It. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Vanessa Woodfield star announces exciting baby news [CAST]Cobra Kai fans in meltdown as Karate Kid legend joins series [REACTION]Virgin River plot hole: Jack shooter reveal contains major error [EXPLAINER] As the mum of the Locke children, she has been worried about her children, firstly after losing their dad but then secondly when she found out about all of their magical adventures. She was able to use the Memory Key to see what her kids had been dealing with so she'll be able to help with whatever problems they face in the latest series. Actress Darby Stanchfield starred in Mad Men, Jericho and played Agent Leroy Gibbs' (played by Mark Harmon) first wife Shannon in NCIS.Duncan - Aaron Ashmore Duncan is the brother of the Locke children's dad and Nina's deceased husband. He is played by actor Aaron Ashmore who has played Steve Jinks in Warehouse 13, Johnny Jaqobis in Killjoys and Jimmy Olsen in Smallville. Frederick Gideon is expected to be the villain of Locke and Key season three. As a soldier fighting in the American Revolutionary War, he is summoned by Eden (Hallea Jones) to take Locke's keys but will he succeed? Actor Kevin Durand has been in Dark Angel, Lost, The Blob, X-Men Origins: Wolverine and The Strain. Locke and Key season 3 is available to watch on Netflix.