The latest data from the Department for Transport found that more electric cars (64,000) were registered for the first time in the UK January and March 2022 than diesel cars (34,000). During the same period, sales of petrol cars fell by 11 percent and diesel cars by 52 percent, showing a clear move towards electric vehicles. However, a new report from Volkswagen Financial Services UK has called on the Government to address issues with the barriers facing mass adoption of electric cars. Mike Todd, CEO at Volkswagen Financial Services UK, said: “Our second EV tracker highlights how the market continues to evolve and the influences that impact decision making. “It’s encouraging to see that EV adoption remains strong and that the UK is currently tracking ahead of the required Climate Change Committee adoption curve by over 100,000 vehicles. “However, future progress must be closely monitored to assess the short- and long-term impact of two primary areas of concern. READ MORE: Man helps strangers escape £130 fines from notorious traffic camera “First is the general worry about the robustness of the public charging infrastructure and the speed at which charging points are being installed equally around the country. “This must keep pace with growing demands or risk stalling EV take-up momentum.” He pointed out the regional variation in charging infrastructure installation, as many areas do not have adequate levels of EV chargers. The Competition and Markets Authority suggests that the nation will need 480,000 public charging points by 2030, but experts say current progress remains slow. DON'T MISSTwo 20mph speed limit roads in Wales facing axe after three months [IMPORTANT]'Gutted' driver handed £70 parking fine despite entering car details [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to avoid popular fuel type which will increase costs [WARNING] In the year to July 2022, just 7,637 additional charging points were installed, bringing the overall total across the UK to 32,011. The European Commission recommends a ratio of one charger per every 10 EVs. Many experts have highlighted the “postcode lottery” drivers face when accessing public chargers. Based on public charging points per 100,000 people London with 116, Scotland with 55 and 44 in the south east continue to see the highest level of charging points. However, on the other end of the spectrum, the north west has just 27 chargers per 100,000 population and Northern Ireland has a shockingly low rate of 17. Between April and June, all regions across the UK, apart from Northern Ireland, saw an increase in total charging devices. Scotland has the highest rate of rapid chargers with 14.2 rapid chargers per 100,000 compared with the UK average of 8.9. Mr Todd said these inequalities need to be addressed “without delay” to ensure the EV adoption rate is maintained and distributed more equally. He continued, saying the second area of concern is associated with the cost of living crisis and how it will influence potential purchases, especially in the short term. Around 31 percent of consumers are “seriously considering” buying an EV as a result of the rapid rise of petrol and diesel prices. He added: “Nonetheless as household budgets come under pressure, other priorities may prevail which could potentially affect EV sale impetus and limit the surge in EV adoption witnessed over the past few years.”