Newcastle are reportedly being lined up to feature in a new series of Amazon’s All or Nothing documentary. The Magpies now have the richest owners in world football after being taken over by a Saudi-led consortium last autumn.  Newcastle’s struggles on and off the pitch were clear to see at the start of last season as previous owner Mike Ashley attempted to offload the club. But following their takeover, the team have enjoyed a precipitous upturn in fortunes and could be set to enjoy a fine campaign under Eddie Howe this time around. The north east giants began their new campaign by defeating Nottingham Forest 2-0 last weekend. And, according to the Daily Mail, Amazon want them to follow in the footsteps of Manchester City, Tottenham and Arsenal by becoming the fourth club to feature in the All or Nothing documentary. Filming would take place over the course of next season, with the series being released in two years’ time. And Amazon would demand access to the club’s hierarchy as well as Howe and the playing staff. MUST READ: Barcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hint    But Newcastle could take some convincing that the project is for them as they have already rebuffed several offers from production companies touting documentary ventures since their takeover as the owners have been keen to concentrate on internal matters at the club. Newcastle were once one of the best clubs in English football and narrowly missed out on winning the Premier League title under Kevin Keegan in 1996 as they beaten to the trophy by Manchester United. The Magpies came close to winning the title the following season with Kenny Daglish at the helm but missed out once again to United, before Sir Bobby Robson led the team to back-to-back top-four finishes in 2002 and 2003. DON'T MISS Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends warning over 'foolish' transfers West Ham fail to hijack deal for Chelsea and Liverpool transfer target Arsenal boss Arteta sends Aubameyang message over Chelsea rumours      Newcastle have since struggled to assert their dominance on the Premier League and have been relegated to the Championship twice. But they now appear to be in their strongest position for years thanks to the Saudi investment. The Magpies shelled out mega-money to sign Bruno Guimaraes, Chris Wood, Dan Burn, Kieran Trippier and Joe Willock during the January transfer window. And they have delved back into the market to bring in Sven Botman and Nick Pope this summer, with former loanee Matt Targett also agreeing a permanent move to the club. The All or Nothing: Arsenal series began on August 4 as three episodes were made available to subscribers. Episodes four to six dropped a week later, with the final two available to watch from August 18. To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here  