 After Starz’s hit drama Outlander confirmed the makings of a prequel, fans were concerned Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser’s (Caitriona Balfe) love story would soon be coming to an end. The show’s writer and executive producer finally shed light on the topic after addressing the rumours.   Outlander is the onscreen adaptation of a best-selling series of novels written by Diana Gabaldon. Before the highly anticipated sixth season of Outlander landed on screens in March, the author revealed she was working on a prequel series. In December 2021, Diana confirmed: “The other major thing that I'm working on right now is the prequel volume, which is the story of Jamie Fraser's parents, Brian and Ellen. “I've been carrying that one around in my head for quite a while, so I know quite a bit about it. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Frank returns to kill Sean's love interest  “And I've just started serious work on it, you might say. So I have actual scenes, things like that,” she told Town and Country. As a result, many fans speculated the announcement of a prequel hinted at the end of the original Outlander series, even though there are currently nine books in the novel series. Diana also revealed she had been working on the 10th book, however, when a fan quizzed her about it on Twitter, she told her followers: “I've barely begun Book 10; it'll be awhile.” (sic) Following an official announcement about the prequel series, showrunner Matthew B Roberts addressed rumours about the original series coming to an end.   Taking to Twitter, Matthew wrote: ”A beginning doesn’t mean an ending…” This sparked a frenzy on social media with fans expressing their excitement about the show’s continuation. A relieved @WdawsonDawson stated: “Thank you Matt, I truly hope not! I am NOT ready for Outlander to end. I need more Jamie/Sam.” A grateful @GaleER13 added: “I'm excited to see both - anything that you, Maril, Ron, and Diana produce, is sure to be wonderful!! You all take such care with your projects. Thx for bringing us what you can, any time you can!!”  DON'T MISS...The Sandman creators explain Constantine gender-swap [INSIGHT]Outlander fans ‘work out’ importance of forget-me-nots [INSIGHT]Outlander explained: Why is the Fraser motto French? [EXPLAINER] @patchamm20 stated: “Thank you!!! Matthew I regained hope this morning by reading you.” A sixth fan @Benligh1 speculated: “Thanks for clearing this BIG question up Matt!!! I'm taking it we can expect a new announcement soon.” The prequel titled Blood of My Blood will follow the love story of Jamie’s parents Ellen MacKenzie and Brian Fraser. As the production is currently in development and still in the writing room, the show is yet to reveal the cast of the prequel.  Speaking on the upcoming series Kathryn Busby, President, Original Programming at Starz, released a statement. It read: “Outlander is a riveting show that from season to season has captured the hearts of its fans around the world. “We are excited to peel back the layers of this vibrant world to bring our audience the origin of where it all began. “Matthew, Maril, and Ronald will continue to bring their excellent vision and creativity to this new iteration, and we can’t wait to see what happens next.” Outlander is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK 