Chelsea’s new co-owner and acting sporting director Todd Boehly has found out whether he is able to convince Marcos Alonso to remain at Stamford Bridge, similarly to how club captain Cesar Azpilicueta turned down interest from Barcelona to sign a new contract at the club. The 32-year-old defender looked likely to move back to his homeland as the Blues targeted several new recruits for Thomas Tuchel’s backline, but made a U-turn on his future to sign a new two-year deal earlier this month. The American owner reportedly 'convinced' Azpilicueta to go back on a transfer pact he made with former chief Marina Granovskaia which allowed him to leave the club this summer, but Boehly abolished the previous regime’s policy of only handing out one-year contract extensions to players older than 30 as Azpilicueta put pen to paper on a multi-year deal. Boehly will have hoped to do the same with another of his experienced defenders in Alonso, who has also been pushing for a move to Barcelona and was left out of the squad that won 1-0 away to Everton in Chelsea’s first Premier League game of the season. However, Boehly has been unable to convince Alonso to stay and fight for his place with Ben Chilwell and new signing Marc Cucurella, according to reports. Spanish outlet Sport have claimed that Alonso has reached an agreement in principle on a three-year contract with the Catalan club but must wait until Barcelona resolve their dispute with La Liga over being able to register their new signings. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest Xavi’s side have brought in Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen this summer but there are questions over whether the club can register them for the new season. Alonso is reportedly set to train with Chelsea on Tuesday and continue to do so until the problem is clarified and a deal won’t be completed until next week. The report claims that Barcelona still need to sell several players to bring in any more signings, but Alonso won’t 'back down' and follow in Azpilicueta’s footsteps by changing his mind on his future. DON'T MISSSaliba set for new Arsenal shirt number as four Gunners tipped for exitsDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Barcelona, Man Utd and Chelsea saga takes new turnArsenal's dazzling XI vs Leicester with two new signings after 'huge offer' made The deal could be concluded for a fee of less than £10million, and it is claimed that any possible transfer between the two clubs for Frenkie de Jong would be a separate operation. Chelsea alongside Manchester United have been pursuing the Dutch midfielder this summer, though the player still does not appear to want to leave the Spanish side without resolving a financial issue. The 24-year-old is owed between £14-17m in deferred wages by Barcelona and is not likely to leave without receiving the money in full, but the club have been reluctant to grant De Jong’s demand and the cash-strapped side have still been attempting to raise funds this summer by selling the Dutchman.