Jurgen Klopp has hinted that if he had his way Liverpool would sign a new midfielder before the summer transfer window closes. In a pointed message to the Reds owners FSG, Klopp confessed he is "not in charge" of what the club are able to spend in the market. Previously Klopp has batted away any suggestions Liverpool might make more signings this summer. Having moved to sign Darwin Nunez in a potentially club-record deal alongside talented teenage pair Fabio Carvalho and Calvin Ramsey, the Reds were understood to have concluded their transfer business for the summer, despite having failed to land an all-action midfielder. After Real Madrid pipped them to the signing of Aurelien Tchouameni, Liverpool parked plans to add in that department until next year. However, having seen injuries ravage their ranks, the Reds have since been forced to reconsider their transfer plan. Klopp previously insisted Liverpool wouldn't add to their roster over the next few weeks as a result of injuries, however, the German has now hinted that he would like a new midfielder before the window closes. The Reds boss reiterated that any potential new signings would have to be the "right player" while opening up on how he is "not in charge" of what is spent on transfers in a message to FSG. He said: "When [every midfielder is] fit, 100 per cent [we have enough numbers], but even then we always look to strengthen. JUST IN: Man Utd face awkward Antony issue by Everton as Ajax agree deal "We have to and we always did [make sure] that it must be the right player and if the right player is not available at this moment then we tend to deal with what we have rather than sign a player who is not 100 per cent right. This situation did not change. "Now we have more injuries than we would have imagined and it would be cool to have another midfielder in, of course. But now we have a situation that when the boys come back and stuff like these it changes constantly. "Then there is also another fact that I am not in charge of what we can spend. That's the situation. We get told things and then we deal with it. That is always the same, it didn't change. You could say that is why we are here with a good understanding and a bad understanding. READ MORE: Liverpool star Darwin Nunez told what 'the problem' is by Luis Suarez "I always have to accept that and always did. That is it. It makes no sense to worry about something you cannot change. That is a waste of energy, a waste of positivity. "I love this group, really I do, and not because they are so good looking, no, it's because they are incredible characters and they showed it again on Monday. Now let's go and don't worry constantly about these kinds of things, the facts are the facts, let's accept them and go from there."