On Tuesday, Prince William attended the Commonwealth Games 2022 with the Duchess of Cambridge and their daughter, Princess Charlotte. For the royal outing, it appeared that William had switched his usual very formal attire for a "more relaxed" look in a blue jacket and beige trousers combo. Speaking in a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed William's apparent style makeover and Kate's influence behind his new look. Ms Sean said: "It appears, you see, that William's been getting a bit of a style makeover to look a little bit more relaxed, less stuffy." He added: "This has already been put on, when you think about it, by Kate, sort of, influence [with] a new friendship with international European royals, particularly in Spain and the Netherlands. "When you think about it, a few years ago, Prince William would never really have attended an event like that, without wearing a full shirt and tie, maybe suit." He continued: "Catherine and William, both know, that in order to move the monarchy into a more modern relaxed 21st century age. READ MORE: 'There are hints in the book' Tom Bower lifts lid on who made 'royal racist' claims As I say, they've looked at the royal families of Spain, in particular, and the Netherlands and realised how they are incredibly more relatable." The Dutch Royal Family has often been praised among royal circles for leading a relatively normal life outside of official duties, with Queen Maxima riding around Amsterdam in her bike to attend meetings. And Danish royals Prince Frederick and Princess Mary have made sure to have their children enjoy a normal childhood, having them take part in marathons and sporting events with other children their age. Mr also noted how "happy and contented" the couple seemed in each other's company. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte 'picking up two new skills' in latest outing with Kate & William He described Kate as a "doting mother" and William as a "proud father". On Tuesday, Kate wore an all-white outfit, including a pair of skinny trousers and a blouse. Charlotte, who pulled a range of animated expressions throughout the events, looked sweet in a striped blue and white dress, paired with white sandals. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: 'Intense problems' Meghan & Harry Netflix dilemma [LIVE] Prince Harry hailed in 'proud announcement' [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry silent online on Archewell for FOUR months [REPORT] The appearance on Tuesday marked Kate and William's first appearance at this year's Commonwealth Games. It was also the first time Charlotte had attended a royal event without her two brothers. The Earl and Countess of Wessex and their two children were also in attendance on Tuesday. Sophie, Prince Edward, Lady Louise Windsor, and James, Viscount Severn were sat behind the Cambridges and Charlotte in the centre. READ NEXT: