Spider mating season is in full swing which means the unsightly bugs will be making themselves more known than usual. The eight-legged creepy-crawlies have a habit of making Britons jump when they enter homes through windows and small cracks. With autumn officially approaching and the weather getting cooler, it’s likely spiders will be looking to seek comfort indoors where it’s warmer. Male spiders, in particular, tend to come indoors to look for a mate and are attracted to our homes’ cosy interior. Adam Pawson, Head of Digital at Safestyle UK, the UK’s leading window provider, has shared his top five natural deterrents for keeping spiders at bay. He explained: “Unfortunately, windows provide easy access for pesky spiders and bugs to enter our properties, but there’s plenty of ways to deter them. “Spiders aren’t big fans of strong scents, acidic concoctions or dark corners, so by following a few of these simple hacks, you can sleep a little easier at night knowing the bugs are at bay.” READ MORE: Property expert shares ‘really important’ estate agent tricks to avoid Probably the most well-known method for deterring spiders, this is also a great way to add a pleasant scent to a home. Spiders smell and taste through their legs which means when they crawl through the powerful scent of peppermint it’s “extremely unpleasant” for them. To create the solution, get some peppermint oil, transfer it into a spray bottle and slightly dilute it with water. Spray the solution around windows, doors and other cracks spiders will be “instantly deterred” from making an unwanted entrance. DON'T MISSUse apple cider to get rid of ivy - ‘works the best’ [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ DIY methods to get rid of garden weeds [UPDATE]Three ‘effective’ methods to deter ants - ‘they can’t get through' [ANALYSIS] Vinegar is another “natural spider repellent” which can be found in most households. Adam explained: “Spray half water and half vinegar all over the crevices of your window, being careful to avoid varnished surfaces as vinegar can be harsh on these. “Not only will you be keeping spiders out, vinegar is a great repellent for anyone struggling with ant infestations.” Spiders, like many other insects, are attracted to light so it’s important to ensure lights are switched off overnight and when people are not at home. Not only will this ensure spiders are not attracted to entering homes but it will also keep the cost of energy bills down. Frequently dust and clean any light and airy spaces to ensure no bugs have a chance to get comfortable and set up a new home. Adam said spiders “despite citrus fruits” so mixing leftover lemon, lime or orange peel with water can create a rub to spray over windowsills and other areas. Adam added: “You can also find citrus scented diffusers to place on your windowsill, the smell should also act as a great repellent.” Keeping homes clean and tidy will also help deter spiders from getting too comfortable in their surroundings. The expert said: “This final tip may seem common sense, but we mustn't forget to keep on top of cleaning every nook and cranny around our windows to get rid of existing cobwebs and prevent them from reappearing. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Simply grab your vacuum cleaner to quickly get rid of well-formed cobwebs and grab a damp cloth and some everyday cleaner to wipe over the rest of the area. “Regular maintenance will help to ensure that no eight-legged friends are making themselves at home between the frame of your window.” Conkers deterring spiders is an “old wives’ tale”. Spiders allegedly dislike the strong scent of conkers which can be found on horse chestnut trees. Adam said: “Since conkers are in abundance at this time of year, head out to find a chestnut tree and hide some conkers in and around your windows in the hope that it keeps the bugs at bay.”