Richard is paranoid about it, going around the house at bedtime checking every possible entry point is secure. I hear the rattling and banging going on for ages. It sounds like lock-up time in prison. But burglars do not just strike at night. They are just as likely to come calling during the day, bold as brass and indifferent to home security cameras. Why? Because this week we officially learned what pretty much everyone knew already - that the vast majority of burglary victims can whistle for any kind of effective police response. Over NINETY FIVE PER CENT - of burglaries go unsolved, with no one arrested and charged, let alone convicted. For career criminals, it is the cushiest job in town. The chances of being caught are practically non-existent. Times have certainly changed. About 30 years ago, when we were living in Manchester, we had uninvited visitors in the night. The first we knew about it was when our son Jack, who was just old enough to go downstairs in the morning, make some toast and switch on cartoons, came into our bedroom, giggling. "Mummy and daddy, where have you hidden the toaster and microwave? And why have you hidden the television?" "Ahhh" one of us replied. "I think we've had a visit from Burglar Bill, Jack."   August means holidays, holidays mean families, and lucky old Rod Stewart was photographed in Portofino this week, on a yacht with his enormous brood. Lucky, because Portofino is stunning, but when we there for my 60th birthday (oh my lost youth!) were luckier because we stayed at the Hotel Splendido, a fabulous name for a fabulous place. We really pushed the boat out, taking all our kids plus their then significant others. My dears, the food... the infinity pool... the glorious harbour views! And the celebs. Tout Hollywood has its photo on the walls, although we only bumped into Trevor McDonald, which was starry enough. We danced until dawn, our daughter flirted with hunky Italian sailors and the bill nearly gave Richard a coronary. Maybe I will go back for my next big milestone. If I am still here.  Did you see the video of Joe Biden struggling to put on his jacket on a visit to Kentucky the other day? I have always resisted the media sneer that the 79-year-old president has dementia as a cheap and easy insult. But that video has made me uneasy. After leaving his helicopter, a shaky Biden desperately tries to get his arm into the sleeve of his suit for an agonising 30 seconds before his embarrassed wife Jill comes to his aid. He looks confused, helpless and very old. A troubling sight. 