Registrations of diesel cars have remained at historic lows, accounting for around one in 10 new cars bought, while sales of petrol cars have not recovered since before the pandemic. Only electric cars showed any growth in market share or total volumes, and 2022 has already seen more electric cars registered than in the whole of 2020. Electric vans accounted for just five percent of all new vans sold in July, whilst diesel, despite soaring fuel costs, still accounted for 93 percent of new van registrations. These sales are up from two percent compared with the same time last year. Electric vans also continue to be the fastest growing market segment, despite the overall number of new van registrations shrinking by 22 percent compared to July 2021. Ciara Cook, Research and Policy Officer at New AutoMotive, said it was concerning that diesel vehicles were still dominating sales. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: “It is great that more and more businesses and individuals are discovering the benefits of switching to an electric van. “However, there is still a mountain to climb, with over 15,000 new diesel vans registered in July. “Each new ICE van registered is a polluting vehicle that will stay on the roads for years to come.” “The cost-of-living crisis and sky-high diesel prices are hitting businesses hard. DON'T MISSDrivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [WARNING]DEAL OF THE DAY: Save £5 on fuel at ALL UK petrol stations with deal [DEALS]Major number plate changes to come into effect next month [IMPORTANT] “The savings in running costs electric vans offer could be crucial for many businesses in the difficult months ahead. “An ambitious ZEV mandate will be critical in making sure that the supply of electric vans meets demand, as more businesses discover the savings they offer and make the switch.” The data comes from New AutoMotive’s Electric Van Count (EVC), which follows in the footsteps of the Electric Car Count. The ZEV mandate is the policy that will encourage car manufacturers to shift to selling only zero emission vehicles. This will fall in line with the 2030 sales ban on petrol and diesel vehicles, as well as the 2035 sales ban on hybrid cars and vans. The Government has already taken steps to advance the ZEV mandate including investing in charging stations and using tax breaks for EV grants. The cost of living crisis has had a huge impact on people turning away from petrol and diesel vehicles. With diesel prices peaking at just under £2 per litre and petrol at 191p per litre, drivers have been massively affected. Ben Nelmes, co-founder and head of policy at New AutoMotive, said: “Electric cars are a great way to beat the rising cost of petrol and diesel. “Driving a mile in an electric car is around a fifth of the cost of driving a mile in a petrol or diesel car.“ According to the SMMT, used petrol and diesel vehicles continue to dominate the second-hand market, with 95.6 percent of sales. However, production of diesel cars plummeted by 60.2 percent in the first half of the year. This is a dramatic drop compared to hybrids which saw a 19 percent decline and petrol output which dropped eight percent.