Strictly Come Dancing's Adam Peaty has taken to Twitter to admit he's going through an "incredibly hard time", explianing his "emotions got the better of him" recently. In an update, the Olympic swimmer, 27, confirmed that this will be the last year he's taking part in the Commonwealth Games as he thanked fans for their messages of support. In view of his 144,000 followers, the sportsman bravely opened up on his struggles. Adam wrote: "Thankful for all the supportful messages I’m getting at the moment. "It has been an incredibly hard time the past few months but mostly the last few days. "Sometimes in the heat of the moment my emotions better me and I can’t speak with a clear mind," he added. READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, joined by seven of his children in rare snap In a later tweet, Adam confirmed that this year's Commonwealth Games will be his last. He added: "These championships mean a lot to me being a home games but I have to think bigger picture to keep my spirits high. "It really, really isn’t easy. "My last Commonwealth Games race will be tomorrow," he penned. It comes a month after Adam's girlfriend Eiri Munro was left devastated as the Olympic swimmer left her with their young son, George, on Father’s Day. The brunette took to Instagram to share her sadness with her 29,000 followers. She penned: “Happy Father’s Day @adam_peaty. “’Daddy’ is often the first thing George says in the morning and the last thing he says at night. DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton bids farewell to F1 fans: 'Going to miss this energy' [INSIGHT]Gemma Atkinson banned from welcoming new addition by fiancé Gorka [ANALYSIS]Geri Halliwell 'told Liz Truss to go for it' in Tory leadership race [UPDATE] “The weeks that you have to spend away only get harder when I find George running from room to room trying to find where you’re hiding. “But knowing that he is always thinking of you, always excited to see you, desperate to hear you read a story, to eat with you, swim with you, even just be in your presence… it confirms what I already knew and what I’d always hoped for. “A best friend, a role model and one hell of a father. Thank you for everything you do.” Eiri also shared a selection of adorable pictures of Adam and George. The couple have been in a relationship since they met at Loughborough University. In 2020, they announced that they were expecting a baby and George was born in the September. Adam was supposed to compete in the Budapest World Aquatics Championships last month but had to miss the event after fracturing his foot whilst training. The Strictly Come Dancing star told how he is “absolutely gutted” to miss the competition but knows he needs time to heal.