Many Britons have been looking for ways to slash their groceries bill, by shopping around for deals and cheaper alternatives. Express.co.uk has spoken to industry experts about ways that families can reduce their spending next time they are at the supermarket. Rebecca Tonks is chief executive of St Ewe, a free-range egg producer. She said: "As far as reducing our weekly food bill, this takes a bit of planning ahead and batch cooking and making the time to do this. "It’s that straightforward. "Don't be afraid to buy food with a short date, especially when you have a planned recipe to use it in. READ MORE: Bank increases interest rates across savings products up to 3.4% - 'Get the best deal!' "Use your senses to validate if food is safe to eat, don't just chuck it out if it is past its 'use by' date. "Nine times out of 10 it's perfectly safe to eat." She said that the price of food production has increased hugely in recent months. She said: "The price of eggs has been out of kilter with the cost of production for a long time. "It has been a very challenging time for farmers and with the huge extra pressures of feed, energy, and staff costs and this has resulted in a price hike that covers both inflationary and basic costs of production."  Jasmine Birtles, from MoneyMagpie.com, provided some tips for saving on food costs. She said an average family of four can save £80 in a single week with a use-up week. This involves only buying fresh produce and using up tins and packets in a cupboard. Switching from using the oven to using microwave can save £60 a year, while an airfryer can save consumers £30 a year. She also urged people to cook fresh rather than eating much more expensive pre-prepared meals, saving £60 a week.  Charles Allen, retail and food analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, urged consumers to be mindful of how rising energy prices will affect the cost of preparing food. He said: "Any advice has to take into account the much higher energy cost that could be needed for cooking certain foods. "However, eating what is most seasonal can be reflected in lower prices for those items, especially if there are crop flushes that suddenly increase supply. "Also, consumers can try and buy only what is actually needed so less food goes to waste." The market analyst warned that fresh food prices could increase further. He said: "Dairy products such as milk and butter have increased, meat has also, especially lamb. "Others that have increased include edible oils, and items where input costs are rising, for example energy costs, as they are a component of many foodstuffs. "It seems likely that some fresh food prices will rise further especially if the drought across western Europe continues. "Also the full effect of increases in basic foodstuffs may not have yet been fully felt in manufactured goods. “However, eventually many of these prices, including that of energy may begin to go down again and that would eventually be reflected in prices on supermarket shelves." Data suggests that fruit and vegetables are not seeing higher inflation than the overall index. Seasonal food inflation was 8.4 percent in June, against the overall rate of 9.8 percent. Vegetables were at 7.7 percent in June with fruit at 6.6 percent.