The first season finale of Power Book III: Raising Kanan shook viewers to the core last year when Kanan Stark (played by Mekai Curtis) tried and failed to bring down detective Malcolm Howard (Omar Epps). When Malcolm returns to reveal the truth in the second season of the hit Starz drama, Mekai teased exclusively to Express.co.uk if Kanan’s bond with his crime lord mother Raq (Patina Miller) will survive. Kanan and Raq could be on very shaky ground by the end of Raising Kanan’s second season. Unbeknownst to the New York queenpin, Raq’s scheme to orchestrate her son to kill Malcolm was unsuccessful after Kanan choked when it came to delivering the final shot. Malcolm is now aware he is probably Kanan’s father, and Raq will be doing anything to stop the NYPD detective from getting close to her son. However, according to Mekai, it won’t take long before Kanan starts seeing through his mother’s lies. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star “The base of it goes back to how a mother knows her son and how a son knows his mother,” he told Express.co.uk. “The story we’re telling in Raising Kanan is how a family sticks together. “It’s a crime drama but it’s about this mother wanting to protect her son and her son wanting to protect her mother.” Mekai revealed he and Patina had a rather different approach to their performance as mother and son this time around. Although Raq still has a deep love for her son, and vice versa, she’s incredibly worried Malcolm’s revelation could destroy what she and her brothers have built. Mekai added: “As a son, as a man, your mother is your first love, truly. “With that, you know how they take and you learn certain nuances of that person.” From the first episode of the new season, Raq will be trying her hardest to keep Kanan from learning the truth from Malcolm. DON'T MISS:The Blacklist season 10: Red rocked by return from the past [LATEST]SEAL Team’s Lisa Davis star sparks frenzy with Blackburn reunion [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes fumes over vegans’ demands to rename roundabout [COMMENT] Unfortunately for her, Kanan is now old enough to know exactly when his mother is lying to him and could set out to uncover more of her secrets during season two. “In the case of Raq and Kanan; Kanan’s been around long enough and he’s privy enough to know when things aren’t necessarily what they are,” Mekai continued. “He can kind of read through Raq’s poker face, and that’s where you see them. “She knows that he can read through her poker face. He knows he can read through her poker face.” “And it’s that constant back and forth of Raq trying to keep that persona, being the head in charge whilst also being the vulnerable mother. “It’s really interesting to see that dynamic back and forth.” Power fans are certainly in for a tension-filled season of Raising Kanan when the franchise’s first prequel continues Kanan’s rise to power in the 90s. Raq’s ultimate fate is still unknown in the main timeline, but the Queens crime lord could meet a sticky end if her rivals catch wind of her connection to Malcolm. Raising Kanan season 2 premieres Sunday, August 14 on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.