Greg Rusedski has given an insight into Rafael Nadal’s thoughts on this week’s Cincinnati Open after a private chat with the Spaniard’s coach. Nadal is playing the Western & Southern Open for the first time in five years and sounds happy with the change in conditions as he prepares for his first match in over a month. Nadal is back in Cincinnati this week, making his return from an abdominal tear that forced him to withdraw ahead of his WImbledon semi-final. The world No 3 hasn’t competed at the Western & Southern Open since 2017, when he lost to Nick Kyrgios in the quarters. Just one of the Spaniard’s 36 Masters 1000 titles have come in Ohio, as he lifted the trophy all the way back in 2013, with the tournament known for its sometimes-unbearable conditions. But retired former world No 4 Rusedski has now detailed a chat with Nadal’s coach, explaining that this isn’t the case anymore. “This is actually chilly compared to the way it usually is. Usually it’s hot, it’s humid, it’s stifling heat,” the pundit said on Amazon Prime. And it seems the change in conditions has been great news for the Nadal camp, after Francisco Roig told the Brit that the second seed was happy with the cooler temperatures. JUST IN: Kyrgios fires sharp reply after being called out for slating rival  “I spoke to Francisco Roig and he told me actually Rafa’s very happy with the conditions,” Rusedski continued. “It’s a little bit cooler this year, a little bit breezier so a lot easier for the players. Historically this is one of the hottest and most humid tournaments on tour.” Nadal is also playing for the world No 1 ranking this week, but he must win the title while hoping current top-ranked player Daniil Medvedev crashes out before the quarter-final. And the 36-year-old was excited to have the chance to return to the top spot for the first time since February 2020. DON'T MISS Djokovic US Open petition flying with Serb set to get update 'soon'Raducanu gives update on new Russian coach as Tursunov returnsMedvedev doubles down on Djokovic US Open ban view with Nadal reason   Speaking ahead of the tournament he said: “It means a lot to me to have that opportunity. Something that I didn’t expect could happen again. The main thing is to stay healthy and play the events that I want to play. I will not play more than what I believe works well for my body. “I am going to put all my efforts into every single event I play. It is something that doesn’t matter if I have the chance to be No. 1, but I am happy to be in this position and if it happens, I will be very happy.” 