BBC Weather's Carol Kirkwood has forecast cloudy conditions and drizzle in Scotland and the North. Ms Kirkwood predicted temperatures fluctuating between 23 to 24 degrees during the day but overnight temperatures are expected to range between 9 and 13 degrees. Ms Kirkwood also warned mist and patches of fog can be expected due to the dipping temperatures in the UK.   Ms Kirkwood said: "High pressure is firmly in charge of our weather at the moment. "So things are fairly settled, it is mostly dry we have got one or two showers around. "Tomorrow will be warmer, but then we're going to see some rain properly on Friday in the West. "And potentially into the weekend in the West and also the South, and we could see quite a lot especially in the West. JUST IN: 'Security win!' Scholz calls for common EU air defence system to counter Russian threat     Ms Kirkwood added: "Now what we have at the moment is a cloudy start across Scotland and some drizzle. "The cloud will break up and the drizzle should fade, we have also got some showers coming in across East Anglia and the South East. "Some of them will go inland as we go through the course of the day. "But a lot of dry weather and a fair bit of sunshine, but still a keen breeze coming down the North Sea coastline and through the English Channel. READMORE: Channel migrant crisis could END after diplomatic ‘breakthrough’ between Libya and US    Ms Kirkwood said: "And around the Channel Islands, something you won't notice today. "And it will take the edge off of those temperatures, especially down the North Sea coastline. "Drift over towards the West, we're looking at 23 or 24 as the high today. "Tonight we do have a weak system across central parts of England producing thicker cloud and some showers. DON’T MISS: GB News: Dan Wootton fumes as June rail strike to 'wipe out small businesses'[INSIGHT]Brits to brace for recession until 2024 as cost of living crisis intensifies [REVEAL]House price crash: Homes to be empty ‘for very long time’ as recession hits – new forecast [SPOTLIGHT]    Ms Kirkwood added: "That is going to drift Northwards through the course of the night.