Jamie Redknapp was left red-faced after making an incorrect comment regarding Chelsea defender Thiago Silva which was picked up on by Blues fans. The former Tottenham midfielder was in the Sky Sports studio as a pundit for Chelsea’s opening day 1-0 win away to Everton when he made an error live on air. The Brazilian centre-back put in a stellar performance alongside captain Cesar Azpilicueta and new signing Kalidou Koulibaly, and prompted rave reviews from pundits including Redknapp. However, as the former England midfielder was praising Silva he mentioned that one of football’s top prizes - the Champions League - still eluded the 37-year-old but Silva won it with Chelsea just two seasons ago. "Amazing player,” Redknapp told Sky Sports. “He’s just got this ability, it’s like a magnet, he’s so calm. One of the great defenders I think we’ve ever seen. I think he’s won 23 major trophies, the only thing that has evaded him is the Champions League. "That might be why he’s not in the bracket of [Paolo] Maldini, [Franco] Baresi, he is one of the great defenders, a joy to watch. And to be still doing it at this level and looking so calm in what is a fast furious, just so assured." DON'T MISS: Chelsea beat Everton: Five talking points as Jorginho nets winner from penalty spot Redknapp had forgotten that Silva did win the Champions League with Chelsea during their 2021 triumph. The Brazilian had been forced off in the first half of their 1-0 win over Manchester City in Porto due to injury, but still picked up a winners' medal and was a big part of the squad that got them to the final. Tuchel was full of praise for the defender who turns 38 next month after the win at Goodison Park. "I've never worked with a player in general that age,” Tuchel told reporters. “He's the fittest one I have ever trained in that age. Thiago is a key, key player in the middle of the defence right now. READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea 'open Frenkie de Jong transfer talks' with Barcelona after £72m Man Utd agreementChelsea prepared to test Leicester resolve with second Wesley Fofana transfer bid On an eventful day for the Brazilian centre-back, he also missed the team flight back after the win on Merseyside after he was picked for doping testing. Silva posted on Instagram that due to the random test he was unable to make the flight back to London and was forced to take a three-and-a-half-hour drive back to the capital instead. Silva has revealed that the new-look Chelsea back three don’t communicate in English to each other on the pitch, as Koulibaly does not yet speak the language. “Normally we speak in French,” Silva said after Chelsea’s pre-season win over Udinese. “Because Edou[ard Mendy] does too, and Azpi, it worked well. The communication is not a problem, we can speak many different languages together. “He [Koulibaly] is a player with a lot of experience. He played in Italian football, which for me is the best defensive schooling you can possibly receive. He is ready for our ideas.”