The airline flies daily from Cornwall to Manchester and Edinburgh. Further disruption may happen this winter. A spokesperson for Loganair said: “It’s with a heavy heart that we’ve taken the decision to withdraw our entire winter Newquay programme and to curtail our Summer 2023 plans too. “Despite all of the challenges that the pandemic has delivered, we’ve worked incredibly hard over the last two years to build up our presence at Cornwall Airport Newquay. "We’re most disappointed that short-sighted and short-term decisions by the airport’s management to incentivise unsustainable operations by other airlines leave no prospect of winter flights remaining viable, particularly against a backdrop of high fuel prices and rising inflation. “In the meantime, we’ll be directing our efforts towards other UK regional airports such as Southampton, Exeter and Cardiff, where airport managements recognise and appreciate the enormous value that year-round, sustainable regional air services can bring to their communities and local economies.” READ MORE: Bedbug hotel horror: ‘Wash every single item of clothing’ Loganair has contacted all customers with winter bookings to offer a change of travel date or a refund option. Passengers will still be able to purchase Loganair flights for the airline’s summer schedule in 2023. Cornwall Airport has expressed disappointment at the airline’s decision to cancel the winter flights. A daily service to Manchester from Cornwall remains available on Flybe for passengers needing to make the journey. Cornwall Airport said: “We are disappointed that Loganair have made the decision to cancel their flights to Manchester and Edinburgh this winter but would like to reassure our passengers that a daily service to Manchester is still available with Flybe and we look forward to welcoming Loganair back on both routes in the spring. "As an airport we are committed to serving the people and economy of Cornwall and this is what drives the commercial decisions we make as an airport. “We are delighted that we now have more airlines operating from the airport than before the pandemic, offering destination and airline choice to suit every traveller. "London and Manchester have historically made up over 50 percent of the passenger volumes to and from Cornwall Airport Newquay and we are delighted to now be able to offer the choice of up to three flights a day to both Heathrow (flybe, commences 30 October and British Airways) and Gatwick (Eastern Airways), with three airlines operating services to Manchester (Loganair, flybe and easyJet), helping to build back not only the capacity needed on these routes but also offering choice and flexibility to our passengers." READ MORE: ‘Avoid’ The item passengers shouldn't wear if they want a free upgrade Flybe has only recently announced that it will be making a return to Cornwall with a new flight schedule. From October 30, Flybe will return to the airport and offer 12 weekly flights to London and a daily service to Manchester. This means that passengers should still be able to fly to Manchester despite the Loganair cancellations. Passengers are currently able to purchase flights for Loganair’s Summer 2023 schedule. It can be tricky to reach Cornwall from Manchester with train journeys taking around seven hours. Passengers often have to transfer at Newport, Plymouth or Birmingham New Street to reach Cornwall. The drive takes around six hours and can be much longer during peak periods or if there are roadworks. Cornwall is one of the UK’s top staycation destinations and many Britons travel there each year.