Lewis Hamilton ranks high among Serena Williams' most admired athletes after the tennis titan named the Formula 1 favourite as one of the greatest of all time (GOAT). The 23-time Grand Slam champion has already cemented her own place in sport's Hall of Fame but picked Hamilton first when quizzed on which stars she considers legendary. Williams, 40, opened her US Open campaign with a straight-sets win over Danka Kovinic on Monday but has stated her intent to retire after the final major of 2022. The curtain call comes 27 years after she turned pro in 1995, the same year Hamilton, 37, made his competitive karting debut. Asked to give one or two figures she considers GOAT-worthy, Williams didn't hesitate to name seven-time F1 world champion Hamilton. The praise has a hint of bad timing, however, after the Mercedes star crashed out of Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix. “Oh my gosh. I mean, I think Lewis Hamilton, obviously," Williams told TIME magazine. "I mean, for me, he’s not only the greatest, but also he does so much, and he's an amazing guy." Hamilton quote-tweeted the interview, replying with a heart emoji as he said he was "honoured" to be held in such high regard by a fellow great. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic protest staged outside US Open courts on day one as Joe Biden called out  Both superstars were linked as part of a consortium attempting to purchase Premier League club Chelsea from Roman Abramovich earlier this year. Hamilton referred to his friend as an "icon," "queen" and "GOAT" earlier in August after Williams went public with her plans to retire at Flushing Meadows. Hamilton is the only black driver currently racing in F1 and has been a prominent advocate for the Black Lives Matter movement in recent years. He's also used his platform to promote LGBTQ+ rights and promote discussions about climate change. "One or two, that's so not fair, because I can't limit that," added Williams. "I think LeBron [James] is amazing, I think Tiger [Woods] is amazing. [We] can't start this conversation without naming the original, Michael Jordan. DON'T MISSRoger Federer: Why is Federer not playing at US Open? When will he play again?Nick Kyrgios in 'the most uncomfortable' situation after 'nightmare' US Open winUS Open fans disgusted as 16-year-old star's dad and coach grab her bum and kiss on lips    "So I just think those are legendary names that will live on, you know? But you can put me in there, too." When asked if she felt she deserved to be part of the 'GOAT' conversation, she replied: "Oh, hands down. For sure." Not to forget about her fellow tennis peers, however, the six-time US Open-winner circled back to include the likes of Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic, who boast 63 major trophies between them. "Roger, Rafa, Novak," Williams continued. "I mean those three are legends." The US Open provides Williams a chance to solidify her legacy by tying Margaret Court's all-time singles record of 24 Grand Slam titles. She must first overcome Anett Kontaveit on Wednesday to reach the third round, with hopes one of the best in tennis history can bow out on a high note.