Emma Raducanu and Serena Williams fans are furious after the blockbuster clash between the duo was rescheduled. Raducanu and Williams were supposed to go head-to-head in their Cincinnati Masters first round match on Monday, but the encounter will now take place a day later. A star-studded line-up will battle for honours in Ohio as players look to hit form ahead of the US Open, which gets underway later this month. And Raducanu’s clash with Williams is the pick of the first round. Raducanu became an overnight sensation last year when she won the US Open at the age of 18. The youngster cruised through three qualifying matches before winning the New York tournament without dropping a single set. Williams, meanwhile, is one of the most recognisable faces in tennis, having won 23 Grand Slam titles throughout her illustrious career. The big-hitting American dominated the sport for years but has now announced that she will retire following the US Open. JUST IN: Brazil icon Pele sends heartfelt message to Haddad Maia ahead of final  This week’s clash between the pair has been hotly-anticipated since the draw was made. But a spokesperson for the Cincinnati Masters has confirmed that the match has been pushed back a day “on account of a number of factors related to scheduling.” And fans aren’t happy at the decision, with some making their thoughts known on Twitter. “Wow,” wrote @JMT41909199. “The tournament officials advertised all weekend on WCPO that Serena was playing Monday night. What happened here?!?” And @katievarnadoe added: “Y’all are going to lose a lot of future fans for this, plus I smell a false advertisement claim in the making. You can’t tell reporters Monday and switch to Tuesday an hour before midnight the day before!” DON'T MISSRoger Federer parties with Calvin Harris in Ibiza as icon enjoys breakAussie star shares 'salty' tweet after being kept from Cincinnati drawNick Kyrgios responds as footage emerges showing Medvedev heckled   Other fans went on to reveal that their own plans to watch the match had been ruined. “This is so disappointing,” wrote CoachCodyHurley. “After spending HUNDREDS of dollars to watch Serena, the schedule is changed the night before? I have been coming to watch @serenawilliams play in Cincinnati since the mid-2000s. Watching the GOAT play one last time would've been a dream come true.” And @cngunny penned: “Came in from out of town to see her play. Now we won't get that chance. I'm heartbroken.” Another fan @Swim4life107 said: “I am pretty peeved off. I bought tickets and now had to pay way 3x as much for Tuesday tickets. I doubt my Monday tickets will be able to resell. There better be some reimbursement.” Meanwhile, @katievarnadoe wrote: “Where is Serena? Your CEO said Monday. We have the receipts. This was a false advertisement ploy to get people to buy tickets for Monday and now they have to buy Tuesday as well.” And @cutekayla1 added: “Well I just wasted my money for day and night tickets for Monday thinking Serena and Venus was playing LIKE THEY SAID!!” 