Sophie, the Countess of Wessex married the Queen's youngest son Prince Edward in 1999. Sophie has earned the title as the Queen's "favourite" whilst Prince Edward was previously tipped to become the next Duke of Edinburgh. Despite the couple's growing popularity, their future roles, under Charles' reign, remain undecided. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the Earl and Countess of Wessex and their future within The Firm. Mr Palmer told host Pandora Forsyth: "The other big question mark is over Edward and Sophie. "Many people had assumed that they would have a role." He claimed that, according to a royal source, there was an assumption that "there would be no role for any of the non-working members of the Royal Family under King Charles". He added that this would "include [Princess] Anne". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Manhunt Meghan' went 'forensic' in search for husband, biographer says Mr Palmer suggested that the roles would "depend on timing". Speaking on Prince Edward and Sophie, Mr Palmer said: "When they got married, it was made clear that the Queen's intention was for Edward to inherit the title of Duke of Edinburgh, after his father's death." However, he added that "that title has gone back to the Crown, I think". "It is, by no means, certain what's going to happen", he concluded. READ MORE: 'Want something else in my life!' Princess Beatrice in staggering admission on future role Prince Edward and Sophie became engaged in January 1999. Five months later, on June 19, 1999, they got married in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. The couple have since welcomed two children, a daughter, Lady Louise Windsor, and a son, James Viscount Severn. DON'T MISS The couple has been increasing their royal engagements recently and in June, they visited Northern Ireland. Their visit was as part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple, along with their children, also attended events at the Commonwealth Games 2022. READ NEXT: