The Duke of Cornwall, next in line to the throne, has long been reported to want to streamline the monarchy according to experts. Despite frustrations with their limited roles, royal correspondent Richard Palmer said he does not see Charles giving the sisters bigger roles once he becomes King. Speaking on the latest episode of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, Mr Palmer said: "I think they made their decision years ago. "The way it was presented at the time, which was roughly, sort of, when they were preparing to leave university, was that they didn't want to [be senior members]." He added that "in an ideal world", both Beatrice and Eugenie "want to use what public support they have to do good for others". He noted that both sisters are "involved with various charitable [organisations]”, but added: "I just don't see any future role for them, at all."  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Sussex Squad lauds 'Princess Meghan' - new Mr Palmer also recalled Beatrice once stating that she wanted to do "something else with my life" when mentioning her future within the monarchy.  He told host Pandora Forsyth: "I remember Beatrice saying to me, and to a couple of other royal correspondents, 'I want to do something else with my life, other than ribbon cutting'.  Body language expert Judi James previously told Express.co.uk that the bond between Beatrice and Eugenie "looks eternally strong".  She described the sisters as a "double act", as well as often being seen out with their husbands.  In April, royal author Angela Levin told talkRADIO Charles will slimline the Firm when he is in charge. Ms Levin said: "Prince Charles has wanted for a very long time to cut the monarchy down to save costs and to make people be worth the money that they got from the taxpayer. "I imagine that might be when Harry and Meghan are ditched from being members of the Royal family. "I think the outer edge, which the Queen has wanted to keep together for a very long time for sentimental reasons, which at her age she didn't really particularly want change which I think is understandable. "But he wants to change and I think he will do that." DON'T MISS IDS savaged in heated live radio row over cost crisis 'God's sake!' Bank offers 3.25% interest on savings up to £1 million - ‘top' pick British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 The Mirror reported in April that under Charles’ slimmed down monarchy there will be no place for Prince Andrew nor his daughters Beatrice and Eugenie. Ms Levin told the Channel 5 documentary ‘Beatrice and Eugenie: Pampered Princesses?’ Charles suggested Eugenie and Beatrice didn't need costly security as it's unlikely they will ever become working royals. She added: "Prince Charles decided that as they were not likely to be very senior royals, that this was too much for the public to pay, so he stopped that. Prince Andrew was so angry that he wrote a note to the Queen. "He said he wanted them to be considered as proper royals. He did not want the protection officers to leave them."