Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle have many differences in style, however their taste in perfume is remarkably similar. Members of the Royal Family are not actually allowed to say if they like your perfume. Instead, if they wish to compliment your choice in fragrance, they will say they like your "scent".   If you want the Duchess of Cambridge to compliment your "scent", the best way to achieve this is by wearing her favourite perfume. Kate is said to love Orange Blossom by Jo Malone. Susan Kelley, founder of What Kate Wore, previously revealed this titbit of information when explaining why so many people say Kate smells amazing when they meet her. She said: "I’ve seen people on social media who have bumped into Kate when she’s out shopping and have said she smells amazing, like raspberry and fruit – very clean, crisp smells." READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  Ms Kelley stated the scent was actually Jo Malone's Orange Blossom, which features notes of clementine flower, white lilac and orris-wood underneath the main orange scent. The Jo Malone website describes the cologne as "pure delight". The perfume can be bought from the Jo Malone website for £55 for 30ml. It can also be found in John Lewis and Selfridges for the same price.   The Duchess even fragranced her wedding with the Orange Blossom scent. "Kate Middleton famously had Jo Malone's Orange Blossom candles lit in Westminster Abbey during the incredible service," a source told Hello Magazine. What scent does Meghan Markle like to wear? The Duchess of Sussex reportedly loves Côte d’Azur by Oribe. This is an Amber Floral fragrance for women and men. READ MORE: Fergie buys £5m property in Mayfair for Princesses Beatrice & Eugenie  Cote d'Azur was launched in 2014 and was created by Jérôme Epinette and Pierre Wulff. Its top notes are lemon, Calabrian bergamot, blackcurrent and Sicilian orange. Therefore, Meghan also likes citrus scents just like Kate Middleton. The perfume can be purchased from Harrods for a whopping £121. In June 2015, the Duchess of Sussex told the Daily Express: "Fragrance is my favourite thing – so much so that if I leave the house and I don’t put any on, I’ll turn around and go back home.  "I alternate between a few scents. I love Oribe Côte d’Azur Eau de Parfum and both the Wild Bluebell and Wood Sage & Sea Salt Colognes by Jo Malone. "Jo Malone for the day and Bvlgari Blv for the night. "I always get compliments – they both have a light floral tone." Therefore, not only do both Duchesses like citrus-scented perfumes but they also both like the brand Jo Malone. 