Speaking in her most recent interview, Meghan said: "It’s important to be thoughtful about it because — even with the Oprah interview, I was conscious of the fact that there are little girls that I meet and they’re just like, 'Oh my God, it’s a real-life princess.'" Journalist Allison P. Davis, who was interviewing Meghan for The Cut magazine, said: "Even if she and Harry have stepped back from their royal duties, Meghan is still very aware that people see her as a princess." However, Ms Davis added that Meghan's "ambitions for herself (and the little girls who look up to her) are more than to marry into a position." Speaking about the young girls who admire her, the Duchess added: "I just look at all of them and think, you have the power within you to create a life greater than any fairy tale you’ve ever read. "I don’t mean that in terms of 'You could marry a prince one day.' "I mean you can find love. "You can find happiness. "You can be up against what could feel like the greatest obstacle and then you can find happiness again." Meghan married Prince Harry in 2018. However, the couple stepped back from royal duties in 2020, choosing to move away from the UK to the United States. READ MORE: Meghan Markle drops new 'top-secret' bombshell on royal fans  Speaking earlier this week, commentator Natasha Devon claimed that many people are "annoyed" by Meghan because she "took away their fantasy" of what being a princess is like. Ms Devon explained: "It is possible that so many women have this disneyfied idea of what it is to be a princess. "It's something that many, many girls internalise because of Disney more than because of the royal family. "They internalise it at a really young age, that that is the ultimate goal - that if you're a princess there could be nothing better." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REVEAL] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [REACTION] Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE]  Speaking to LBC, she added: "To have lived it, to have experienced it, and to say to the public, actually it's not as great as you imagine - that, I think, is what annoyed everybody. "Because it's not just taking away the fantasy of Harry and Meghan, it's taking away their fantasy... What she did was she took away the fantasies of those women who had internalised the idea that to be a princess was to be the best thing ever. "And then Meghan Markle stood up and said 'actually you're wrong', and people couldn't deal with that fundamental challenge to their internal belief system. Tell me I'm wrong." Meghan and Harry are set to return to the UK on September 5 to visit charities "close to their hearts". Their upcoming visit will be the Sussexes' first trip to the UK since the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. Announcing the trip, a spokesperson for the couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." Charity One Young World, which will be the first stop on Meghan and Harry's trip, said it is "delighted" that the couple will be attending its Manchester Summit.