Yesterday (August 26), the industry regulator Ofgem confirmed that the energy price cap is set to exceed £3,500 in October. Earlier in the year, the Government launched a wave of financial support to address the rise in energy bills. However, experts are sounding the alarm that this may not be enough as households are expected to pay more in the months ahead. Notably, the main support for families in the winter months will be the £400 energy bill grant which will be administered by suppliers from October 2022. Furthermore, those on means-tested benefits, such as Universal Credit and Pension Credit, are able to claim the £650 cost of living payment. Pensioners are also able to receive an extra payment worth £300 to help them with their energy bills in the coming months. Those who have a long-term disability or health condition may also be eligible for an additional £150 payment. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out However, consumer champion Will Hodson, believes the current support being offered is not enough to navitage people through this crisis. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mr Hodson explained: “There is a vacuum where there should be support from the Government. People feel helpless, as they have so little control over their bills. “Britain needs strong leadership, with short, medium and long-term measures designed to tackle a national crisis, not win a party leadership election. “Short-term, we have to increase billpayers' financial support. Current support measures were based on a springtime assumption that the October's cap would be around £2,800.” As part of his warning, Mr Hodson called for a new national insulation scheme to better prepare households for the reality of sky-high energy bills. He added: “With that cap now over £3,500 and set to rise further, the Johnson government's support is clearly inadequate. “Fuller support to desperate households must be the first item on our new prime minister's agenda. “In the medium-term, when the price of energy will still be sky high, we must help people use less of it. The situation calls for a national insulation scheme.” READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments According to the consumer expert, insulating peoples’ homes will radically reduce the amount people will have to spend to keep warm. “We have the oldest housing stock in Europe and we need to make draughty homes more energy efficient,” Mr Hodson said. “Government must learn from the mistakes of the Green Homes Grant, and deliver a framework of incentives that encourage people on this journey. “Unlike financial support aimed at helping people through the coming winter, a well-executed national insulation scheme can reduce our bills forever. “Longer term, as long as our energy system relies so heavily on gas our bills will remain high. It is that simple. “Government must wean the UK off gas by building out renewables and getting our new nuclear reactors up and running as soon as possible.” Current estimates by Cornwall Insights suggest the energy price cap could surpass £4,200 in the New Year. Both Tory leadership candidates Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have promised to offer more support to households with their energy bills if they become Prime Minister.