The Dingles have become Emmerdale's most iconic family since arriving on the ITV soap two decades ago. From explosive storylines with matriarch Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter) to heartbreaking moments with Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock), the family has given viewers their fair share of drama over the years. However, will the family's reign over the village come to an end following a fatal mistake?  Emmerdale bosses have revealed a devastating storm is due to rip through the village in upcoming scenes. Producer Jane Hudson revealed to Express.co.uk and other media at an Emmerdale press event the catastrophic storm will wreak havoc during the soap's 50th anniversary week in October. She explained: "It involves so many of our families, it is not just a storm which affects some people, it affects the entire village." “It’s a storm so it would be crazy if nobody were injured," she teased. "It’s not a storm in a teacup, it’s a storm in our village.” READ MORE: Strictly backlash as BBC announce seventh 2022 contestant: 'Who!' The disaster is set to strike over the space of a day, but viewers will watch it play out across multiple episodes, Jane revealed. The last storm which sent shockwaves through Emmerdale occurred on New Year's Eve in 2003. The disaster caused major damage to the village and took the life of Tricia Dingle (Sheree Murphy). Could history repeat itself with the upcoming storm taking the life of another Dingle?  Jeff Hordley, who portrays Emmerdale hard man Cain Dingle, explained his character might be about to discover his sister Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) is having an affair with his nemesis Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Jeff said: "This is going to lead to something if he finds out. "I think there could be fireworks but not the kind you get in November." Will the affair come to light at a family event moments before the storm hits? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star wows with ripped transformation after 'quitting gym' [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Triple exit as Leyla, Liam and Jacob leave village [THEORY]Natalie Anderson husband: Who is Emmerdale's Alicia star married to? [EXPLAINER] Could Cain and Al get into a fist fight in the street as the storm approaches? Will Cain's family try and pull the two men away from each other which, in turn, puts them in danger of the extreme weather? Perhaps a building or large tree falls on the Dingles as they try and break up the fight, leaving all of them dead. Will the storm mark the end of the Dingle family?  Emmerdale fans will have to wait to see who survives the storm as the cast and producers remain tight-lipped about the scripts. However, Jane said she wants to ensure the storm happens in the daytime "so we can see what is happening and what is going on". She continued: "It is very much a windstorm rather than a rainstorm. "For all the stories which are being told across this month and all the stories that have been building across the year, nothing has just been shoehorned in, all the stories have been driven by the characters and they all have an impact." Emmerdale airs on weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV and episodes can be streamed on ITV Hub. 