Apparently, this is powerful “downpoury” heavy stuff in short bursts, which "experts" say will just roll off the oven-baked soil that it hits. All of which adds to the drought the country is experiencing because it will take a good few showers before that soil softens up and absorbs it.  In the meantime, all that juicy water goes down the drain and into a river or out to sea. What on earth can be done to save it, collect it and store it for future use? Well far be it from me to suggest the bleedin’ obvious but what about digging a few big holes around the country, like big massive bathtubs and let the water stay in there until we have enough to pump to the places it’s really needed? In technical terms these big bathtubs are known as reservoirs. Not that our money-grabbing, grasping, leak-ridden, foreign-owned, water utility companies would know what one of these is because the last time any of them created one was in 1991 – 31 years ago. And before that it was the early 1960s. Suffice to say there’s been a lot of water under the bridge and washed down the plug hole since then. More water floods from my eyes as I read about the salaries paid to the people at the top of the companies charged with keeping our taps flowing. You’re not talking about hundreds of thousands of pounds a year, you are more likely to be talking about North of a million quid. As I say “eye-watering”, and landing in their accounts at a time so many ordinary folks are struggling to make ends meet. It’s simply unacceptable. But let’s not totally blame the lunatics running the asylum. Politicians, planners, and local authorities have all got their noses in the water trough too.  The South East of England is amongst the worst examples. When will someone stand up and say: “We can’t build more houses and more factories.” When will someone be honest and say we can’t have more people living in an overpopulated area because we haven’t got the water that people who live there need to do their daily ablutions, cooking and cultivating their little green gardens? Overpopulation is the big problem that no one likes addressing in the UK and we’ve got to learn to say “No”. For water companies to suggest that Mr Miggins is turning the country into a desert by watering his lawn or vegetable patch is a scaremongering lie. We know about the leaky pipes. We know that there is less rain falling from the sky over our once green and pleasant land. We just need to know how to capture and manage this most life giving natural resource better. Failing to invest in being smarter and more inventive is not an option.   Downing Street talks tough but does little. The fuel bosses have been called in to explain themselves. What’s happened? Not much so far. These private companies laugh at the Conservatives in particular because it wouldn’t be a very Conservative thing to do to continuously hold big business to account. It may not be, but it would be the right thing. Foreign ownership, lack of investment, a licence to print money and no desire to spend it mean that you, the person washing your car or flushing your loo, will be the one who gets the blame. This water crisis will eventually pass until the next one, when we’ll ask all the same questions over again and realise the answer was never enforced – which is to dig big holes in the ground. Until then, expect to watch these water-zillionaires blame us all and bury their heads in the sand. 