With the price cap set to rise again to £3,582 in October, many people have already spent their savings and don’t know where they will find the extra money. They are calling on the Government to intervene and provide some additional help.  A woman from Bristol, 59-year-old Suzie Hawkins told Express.co.uk she doesn’t know where the extra money will come from when energy bills rise again. “We need help. My electricity bill has gone up by almost half I think - it's difficult to keep tabs on it. “I actually switched before everything started going up and we had all these problems." Ms Hawkins recently switched to a smart meter to monitor her usage, but because energy costs are higher, she's still paying more. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance explained - could you claim £369 a month?  Pensioner Sandra Smith, 75, said she has always been frugal but doesn’t know what else she can do to save money. She told Express.co.uk: “I watch my heating already. “I don’t know what else I can do. “I’ll have to figure that out.” DON'T MISSHomeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [WARNING]Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [ALERT]Retirement age to rise past 70 - state pensioners forced back to work [WARNING]PIP: The 10 myths preventing people from claiming £627 a month [INSIGHT]  Meanwhile, people could pay less on their energy bills by adopting three simple tricks. One is to sync a smart meter with a free phone app like Hugo or Samsung SmartThings Energy. Having the information at one’s fingertips makes it much easier to track energy usage and make savings. Samsung SmartThings Energy user Mark Millena told Express.co.uk how he has adopted this simple trick and saved £280 a year. Mark continued: “You can set timers or behaviours for each device and the app analyses which appliances use the most energy. “Combining this with other small changes like opting for energy saving bulbs stops us from burning money.” Another little known hack which could save Britons £40 a month on energy bills is to use a slow cooker. A charity called Homeless in Teignbridge Support (HITS) has been looking into the cost savings and say a 160W slow cooker can be used for 15 hours and 42 minutes for the same energy usage as one hour with a standard electric oven.   People may also be able to fix their tariff now so that they end up forking out less in the long run. Martin Lewis' Money Saving Expert website has a free online tool helping people decide whether to fix their tariff now. On the MSE website he writes: “If you're offered a year's fix at no more than 95 percent above your current price-capped tariff, or 100 percent more if you very strongly value budgeting certainty, it's worth considering.” It could provide people with the peace of mind that they will be paying the same amount and not be faced with any nasty surprises.