George Groves believes that the Chris Eubank Jr fight is the wrong one for Conor Benn for three reasons and has labelled the fight 'bizarre'. The former super-middleweight world champion states that Benn will spoil his great momentum if he loses, is two weight classes lighter and is facing a man that has held his own at 168lbs in the past.  Speaking to iFL TV, Groves said: “I mean I’ve got to be honest, I think it’s a step too far for Conor Benn. Definitely not the right fight for him right now because he’s on such a great run and he is two weight divisions smaller than Eubank. “Eubank has competed at super-middleweight and held his own, so I think it’s a bit bizarre. But I can kind of see why it’s happening. I can certainly see why Eubank was very keen for it. He was calling him out right at the start.” The pair square off on October 8 at the O2 Arena, London at a 157lb catchweight limit. The weight is a new prospect for both men with Benn having never fought above welterweight (147lb) while Eubank Jr has competed no lower than middleweight (160lb) during the course of his career.  If either man misses weight at the Friday weigh-in, then they will be forced to pay a colossal fine. According to boxing writer Dan Rafael, there will be a penalty of £81,000 ($100,000) for every pound that they come in over by. There were also initial reports that Benn’s team were keen to insert a rehydration clause and that Chris Eubank Jr is expected to step on the scales again on the morning of the fight (Saturday). These reports were confirmed to be true by Conor Benn who announced that there will be a weigh-in on the day of the contest in an interview with BBC 5 live on Thursday morning. Although the weight limit has not been disclosed. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury flies to Iceland with dad to fight Thor Oleksandr Usyk 'uncertainty' vs Anthony Joshua addressed by WBA Inside Usyk's intense training camp ahead of Joshua rematch   The fight between the sons of two of British boxing’s most iconic fighters and bitter rivals, Nigel Benn and Chris Eubank Sr, will be shown live on DAZN PPV, 29 years after their fathers last battled it out. The price is yet to be announced although it is expected to be a similar fee to that of Canelo Alvarez vs Gennady Golovkin III (taking place on September 17) which is currently listed at £9.99 for existing subscribers and £17.98 for new ones. 