Mr Kerr explained that the British Government should be doing more than offering £400 to already struggling households. The Cobden Partners founder suggested the Government should embrace an approach similar to the one Jeremy Corbyn would have pursued if elected into Number 10 to solve the cost of living crisis. Britons have been calling for the British Government to act now and set out proper financial plans for struggling Britons as many are predicted to plunge into poverty in just a matter of a few weeks, due to the increased costs of living. GB News host Darren McCaffrey said: "You been talking to friends and relatives, you've seen people starting to struggle or at least people who are fearful that in the months ahead they start to struggle which is not just energy prices but food prices and everything else." Mr Kerr said: "Well sure, the two main subjects are food and energy. "And certainly energy there has to be a powerful argument that the Government has to consider doing something that maybe Mr Corbyn would have been lobbying for a few years ago when he was a contender. "Namely to kind of think about much greater subsidies than the £400 already announced to households struggling to choose between heating and eating. "But when it comes to eating there are some things that people can do about that, they can maybe grow their own fruit and vegetables and so forth. JUST IN: Supermum of seven boys describes hectic life-changing 175 nappies a week     Users on Twitter however ridiculed the suggestion, claiming the former Labour Party leader would have likely had a negative impact on the already ailing economy. @enzostafford113 wrote: "Jeremy Corbyn would have bankrupted this country. He would have made this country a same haven for terrorist. "If you think it's bad now it would have been worst under him. You wouldn't have freedom of speech he would have taken that away from us. We would be still in lockdown." @FrankEd1967 said: "What Jesus would have done/what Jeremy would have done, yadda yadda." @AlbertSmee said: "2 years of COVID policy *was* doing what Corbyn rallied for. We borrowed heavily, we printed money, we gave free handouts with no vetting. All key Corbyn policies. It created the economic mess we're in today." READ MORE:Boris Johnson misled Parliament, claims Downing Street ex-staff in investigation @Shabbadabadoo said: "Corbyn and his final solution." @Struth said: "When are we gonna call it a recession?" @Clivepa35813058 said: "Three PMs and 12 years of incompetence has proved the Tories are incapable of managing our economy. They will be wiped out at next election." @AlbertSmee said: "The lockdown and associated policies were Corbyn economic policies." @Singo93 said: "What spend a f*** load more which got us in this mess in the first place?" @Atjd4 said: "Lolololol. Sure Jan." DON’T MISS: 'Electoral suicide note!' Raab takes aim at tax-cutting Truss and issues warning to Tories[INSIGHT]Russian attack threatens to send radioactive cloud over Europe [REVEAL]Joe Biden travels to flood-ravaged Kentucky to find ‘heartbreaking’ destruction [SPOTLIGHT]    Britons have been pushing for the Government to do more before the colder months hit, as the crisis is expected to worsen. Many financial experts have been claiming how unusual it is for the Bank of England to raise interest rates at this time. Alice Haine, a personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, said: "It is unusual for a central bank to raise rates when the economy is in danger of falling into a recession. "But the country is in the grip of a cost-of-living crisis as global challenges such as Ukraine’s war with Russia drive up food and fuel prices to dizzying highs. "The worrying effect of higher mortgage payments is that people have less disposable income to spend at a time when household finances may already be stretched thin."  READ NEXT