A team of experts from Your Overseas Home, who have extensive experience helping people in Spain, France, Italy and Greece get rid of mosquitos, shared their best hacks. The overseas experts revealed five of the most natural and affordable remedies, including very common herbs and oils. One of the best ways to repel mosquitos, both in the house and outside areas, is by using lemon eucalyptus oil. Chris Nye, the overseas property expert at YourOverseasHome.com, explained: "Used since the 1940s, lemon eucalyptus oil is one of the more well-known natural repellents. "The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in America have even approved it as an effective ingredient in mosquito repellent!" READ MORE: Zara 'reigns herself in' with Meghan but has 'friendship' with Kate People can create their own repellent by simply mixing one part lemon eucalyptus oil with 10 parts sunflower oil or witch hazel. The lemon eucalyptus oil can also be mixed with water, simply pour it into a bowl or small container and add between five to 10 drops. A tea candle can be added to float in the water to make it look nicer. Alternatively, the mix can also be placed in an empty spray bottle to use around the house, garden or even on the skin.  Another effective oil when it comes to repelling mosquitos is cinnamon oil, the experts from Your Overseas Home revealed. "Cinnamon oil has shown promise as a great-smelling, environmentally friendly pesticide, and it even has the ability to kill mosquito larvae! "It also acts as a repellent against adult mosquitoes, which provides a real win-win scenario," Chris explained. Just add a few drops of cinnamon oil into a small bowl with water and place it in the affected areas. READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb Other effective oils and herbs to banish mosquitos from the house are citronella, tea tree oil and lavender. Citronella is a common natural essential oil that is derived from the leaves and stems from a cousin of lemongrass which has been proven to work against mosquitoes. Mosquitos reportedly hate the smell so citronella is used in a variety of products like candles, wristbands and sprays. Citronella can also be planted in the garden to achieve the same effect. Tea tree oil is known for its antiseptic, antimicrobial, and anti-inflammatory properties, but studies also suggest that it may be an effective insect repellent, as its intense aroma keeps bugs like mosquitoes at bay. Finally, lavender oil is supposedly one of the most effective natural mosquito repellants, especially when used as part of a larger repellant regimen. Lavender plants also repel mosquitos, as the insects hate the smell, but people should note they attract a lot of bees. Chris Nye commented: “We’ve spent many years helping countless clients find their dream homes and move abroad, and in this time we’ve heard a fair few theories on the best methods to avoid mosquito bites, or how to get rid of them altogether. So, we’ve compiled a list of the best natural ways to deal with them, meaning you won’t have to rely on expensive products and harsh chemicals.”