Father-of-four John MacKinnon, 47, was murdered as he bravely tried to snatch the attacker’s shotgun to protect his family, according to grieving friends. Mr MacKinnon died during a horrific knife and gun rampage on the Isle of Skye in the Hebrides and in Wester Ross on mainland Scotland on Wednesday.  A 39-year-old man was Tasered and arrested in connection with the linked incidents. Scotland’s Finance Secretary Kate Forbes, the MSP for Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch, described the series of devastating attacks as “one of the worst days that I can recall in the history of Skye and Lochalsh”. She added: “West Highland communities are close-knit, we are warm and welcoming, and this will shatter us to the core. “It feels like our very heart has been ripped apart. “I, and I am sure many others, never thought we would see such an awful day. “Not a single West Highland home will be untouched by this terrible tragedy.” The carnage began around 9 am on Wednesday when Mr MacKinnon’s sister-in-law Rowena MacDonald, 32, was found stabbed at a property in the Tarskavaig area of Skye. She was airlifted to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow where she was in a “serious” condition. Around half an hour later, Mr MacKinnon was shot and fatally wounded at his home in Sasaig in the Teangue district of the island, about eight miles away.  Paramedics raced to the scene but he was pronounced dead shortly afterwards. Heartbroken friends said Mr MacKinnon was killed as he tried to protect others. A friend of Mr MacKinnon, who worked at a distillery, paid tribute to him saying: “He was one of the kindest men. “He loved a laugh and he lit up a room and made everyone feel special.” Another neighbour said: “No one can believe what has happened here on Skye. We will miss him.” Police were dealing with the murder when the gunman struck again around 30 miles away in Dornie on the Scottish mainland. A couple, named locally as John MacKenzie and his wife Fay, both 63, were found with gunshot wounds. Osteopath Mr MacKenzie was rushed to the Raigmore Hospital in Inverness where he was in a “critical” condition yesterday. His wife, who is a mental health nurse, was taken to Skye’s Broadford Hospital and later released following treatment. Skye is connected to the mainland by road bridges. Police Scotland stressed there was “no threat to the wider community”.  Chief Superintendent Conrad Trickett, policing commander for Highlands and Islands Division, said: “The thoughts of everyone are with the family and friends of Mr MacKinnon and the three people who remain injured in hospital. “These incidents took place in close-knit, rural areas and will have a significant impact not only on those directly affected, but also friends and neighbours living in these communities. “Serious incidents witnessed on Wednesday are extremely rare and I would like to further reassure the local communities that they were dealt with and there is no further threat.” Asked if there would be additional firearms checks in the area, he said: “There is a vigorous process around firearms licensing that involves both local officers, the divisional firearms licensing team, who are specialists in the area, and national firearms licensing. “All licences are reviewed as per the legislation and that will continue in an ongoing way.” The attacker had a licence for the gun used in the shootings, Mr Trickett said. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said everyone in Scotland will be thinking of the communities affected. Speaking as she visited a church group in Forfar, Angus, yesterday, she said: “My thoughts are with those most directly affected by what has been a horrific incident on Skye. “I want to convey that strength of feeling to those individuals and families who will have been devastated by what has happened.  “Obviously, the kind of incidents that happened yesterday would have been horrific and devastating in any part of the country. “But the kind of communities we’re talking about here are small, close-knit communities and that sense of devastation will be felt even more acutely.” Resident Gordon Matheson, who lives in Teangue, said the day had been “profoundly difficult” for the community. “Families have suffered a tremendous loss today,” he added. Ian Blackford, the SNP’s Westminster leader and MP for Ross, Skye and Lochaber, backed calls for a reassessment of gun laws in the wake of the tragedy. He told BBC Scotland it was “only right” agencies were strict about granting licences.  “I think in any situation, whether there’s this one, and of course, we were looking at what had been a very painful anniversary of Dunblane or that not that long ago,” he said. “I think it is important that we continue to assess where we are. “These are very controversial topics and of course, in these rural areas, we’re all aware there are applications from time to time for people that have licences for guns particularly when it comes to agricultural matters. “Given what we have seen over the course of the last 24 hours, it is right and proper that we continue to look at the regulations that we have in place for the very simple reason that all of us have got a responsibility to keep people safe.” 