Expert Larisa Brown outlined the findings of a new report released by the Royal United Services Institute which exposed Russia is still being able to secure Western components to prop up its war machine. Ms Brown explained that companies had not done it deliberately and it was an unavoidable situation. There have been fears since the start of the war that Russia would get hold of Western weapons, or use weapons made up of Western components, in order to carry out the illegal invasion of Ukraine. Ms Brown told Times Radio: "Well this is all based on a report by the Royal United Services Institue, which is a London-based think tank. "And they've basically sent an expert out into Ukrainian territory to look at it, analyse different Russian systems, they picked 27 and all of those 27 were made of various components from the West. "We're talking about small electronic components that wouldn't necessarily be obvious from the pictures that we've been seeing on the internet. "In these 27 systems that were staggering, 450 components from Western nation 317 of them were from the US companies, and there's only a small number from the UK. Ms Brown added: "Five from the UK and also, a lot of others from Germany, like China, South Korea and Taiwan, so it is a fascinating report."  JUST IN: 'Right thing to do!' Jeremy Corbyn sides with Nicola Sturgeon over plan to hold IndyRef2     Presenter Aasmah Mir said: "And presumably there is no way that British companies can prevent their parts from getting in the hands of the Russians?" Ms Brown said: "No, well we spoke to one of the companies which are named in the report, and they're called Golledge Electronics, and they're based in the UK. "And the report says that they've got a supply, well they're not deliberately supplied but they're a highly specialised kit which are known as standard crystals and... Found in some of these weapons. "And so the company said to us that, you know, since February 24, since the invasion they hadn't been you know, they'd had strict export laws. "They hadn't been sending any of these weapons intentionally to Russia of course, and they were concerned about the findings and the implication there is that they didn't deliberately do it, they couldn't avoid it."  READ MORE: China outbreak: NEW potentially deadly virus puts officials on red alert – 35 infected     Russian forces have been reported to also be using out-of-date, poor-quality weaponry systems, compared to Ukrainian forces. Russia has received a large shipment of drones, which they are now training to use, it is still unknown whether these systems contain Western parts. The news from the report by the Royal United Services Institue has also been explained by military experts in the West. Land warfare specialist at RUSI, Jack Watling said: "Russian weapons that are critically dependent upon Western electronics have resulted in the deaths of thousands of Ukrainians.” DON’T MISS: Gaffe-prone POTUS Joe Biden stumbles on return from Covid as wife Jill comes to rescue[INSIGHT]UK weather: Extreme heat warning issued as Brits set to sizzle again [REVEAL]'I’ll get 10 years for this' Rapist's warning to victim after brutal axe attack [SPOTLIGHT]    Head of the Ukrainian president’s office Andriy Yermak tried to assuage worries from the West that Russia has been accessing weapons sent by them to help Ukraine. He said: “All received Western weapons are registered and sent to the front. Everything is clearly controlled and now this process will become even more open.” Ukraine has continued to receive large shipments of top-of-the-range weapons systems from NATO-aligned countries. The British Government also agreed to train up to 10,000 Ukrainian troops every 120 days.