  BAFTA-nominated actress Emilia Jones, 19, is the daughter of Welsh singer Aled Jones, 51, and his wife Claire Fossett. Her father Aled explained earlier this year that he and his wife had made a lot of sacrifices for Emilia, but that she rarely “listened to his advice”.      Aled’s career was launched after he sang The Snowman’s iconic song Walking in the Air. After that, he enjoyed a varied career of singing and presenting for the BBC. Emilia, 20, has followed in her father’s footsteps and recently appeared in the film CODA, which won the Oscars’ Best Picture award. Her role in the film, which earned her a BAFTA nomination, made her an overnight star. READ MORE: Ian Hislop on time apart from wife Victoria 'Lives in Greece!'     Back in February, Aled appeared on Good Morning Britain, where he gushed about his talented daughter. "It's been great for me just watching from the background. I love that,” he explained. "The fact that she loves what she's doing and she’s great at it, so long may it last." Asked by GMB host Kate Garraway if he'd offered his daughter any words of wisdom on dealing with fame, he replied: "When do daughters ever listen to their dads, come on!      “No, I don’t give her advice,” he continued. "She’s so level-headed. “She does it for the work. She loves acting and being on set.” In a previous interview on This Morning, Emilia reflected on how supportive her parents had been of her career. "They've sacrificed a lot for me to do this so I'm very grateful to have them," she said. READ MORE... Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie [INSIGHT] Brooklyn Beckham sides with wife Nicola as she cries in cryptic post [UPDATE] Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [NEWS]       "You always have to make sacrifices... There have been times for me where I have been invited to things with my friends and I haven't gone because I wanted to work and better myself as an actor and focus on my auditions. "You say no more than you say yes but you shouldn't let it get you down." The actress also told PA earlier this year that she was actually asleep during the live announcement of BAFTA nominations because “never in a million years” did she think she would be considered “against such talented nominees”. Speaking about her parents reaction she said: “My dad text my mum, ‘what the hell, she's done it’,”     “They're so supportive and they've sacrificed a lot for me to do this so I'm very grateful to have them.” The critically-acclaimed film CODA follows Ruby (Emilia), the only hearing person in a deaf family who dreams of going to Berklee College of Music. Emilia was up against a number of high-profile actresses in her category, including global popstar Lady Gaga, The Thick of It’s Joanna Scanlan and Marvel’s Tessa Thompson. In the end, Joanna Scanlan won the award for her role in After Love, while CODA went on to win big at the Oscars.  