Designed to target a range of aches and pains, ibuprofen can treat anything from everyday headaches to arthritis symptoms. Although it’s best known as a little tablet, ibuprofen comes in various forms, varying from granules to liquids. And just like any other medication, ibuprofen also comes with a list of possible side effects. Although the NHS explains that “common” side effects of ibuprofen occur in more than one in 100 people, it’s still important to be aware of the signs. According to Drugs.com, one “common” unwanted effect appears when you eat. The health portal explains that ibuprofen might make you feel satiety. They list a “full feeling” as a sign that should be checked with your doctor “immediately”. READ MORE: Dementia: The 12p spice known to boost the production of stem cells in the brain by 80%  Drugs.com explains: “Along with its needed effects, ibuprofen may cause some unwanted effects. “Although not all of these side effects may occur, if they do occur, they may need medical attention.” Another similar side effect which may also crop up when you’re taking the painkiller is loss of appetite. However, the health portal lists lack of appetite as a “rare” side effect. While hesitancy to eat might occur when you follow ibuprofen treatment, these aren’t the only side effects linked to the little pill. According to the NHS, the full list of “common” unwanted effects includes: The health service recommends speaking to a doctor or pharmacist if you struggle with side effects like these. READ MORE: Taking two vitamin supplements together found to increase cancer risk by almost 30% - BMJ Depending on the exact type of ibuprofen you’re taking, the side effects might differ. That’s why the NHS always recommends checking the patient information leaflet that came with your medicine. If you’re worried about developing side effects, the health body notes that opting for ibuprofen in the form of gel, mousse and spray may make you less likely to suffer from side effects. However, if you use too much of these products on a large area of your skin, you might still get the “same” side effects. Plus, applying ibuprofen to your skin can sometimes make it more sensitive to sunlight. If you notice this sensitivity, the NHS recommends reaching out to a doctor. When it comes to the correct dosage of ibuprofen, the health service states that the usual dose for adults is one or two 200mg tablets or capsules three times a day. “Always follow your doctor or pharmacist's advice, and the instructions that come with your medicine,” it adds.