Mark Wright has opened up on the “health anxiety” he suffered after several of his family were hospitalised with Covid, with one dying, before Mark also had a cancer scare. The TV star, 35, said he keeps checking himself, but refuses to “drive himself mad” with worry. Mark lost his beloved uncle, Eddie George Wright, to Covid in 2020, while three other family members battled the condition in hospital, on ventilators. The following year, Mark had a 12cm tumour removed from his armpit, amid fears it could turn cancerous. Unsurprisingly, he admitted soon after that he was struggling with anxiety about his health, but he has now assured Express.co.uk he refuses to let this hold him back. “I think we all have a little bit of health anxiety as we get older, don't we? And when you get a scare, it makes you feel that you're not immortal,” said Mark, who is married to Coronation Street’s Michelle Keegan, also 35. “I'm not sitting there thinking about it with anxiety, absolutely not, but I just made sure that I'm well and if I feel that something's not right, I’ll get it checked out. “I just keep checking myself, but you can't drive yourself mad about it, because it wouldn't it wouldn't be healthy mentally.” Mark discussed new research from California Almonds that shows 93% of Brits set health and lifestyle goals for the summer, with the joint top targets being eating a healthier diet (42%) and feeling good in their clothes (42%). Other aspirations include reading more books (26%), touching their toes (24%) and completing a 10k (20%). However, only 17% are confident they’ll be able to meet these goals. However, procrastination prohibits people meeting these goals, with half (49%) struggling to achieve them as a result, and the average Brit spending ten hours a month procrastinating. A quarter (24%) of Brits blame this on low energy with a further 55% citing low energy as a barrier in itself, to meeting goals. Despite low energy being a key cause of procrastination and a significant barrier to success, less than half (45%) choose foods to fuel the body and mind. However, there is a solution: snacking smart on slow-release energy foods like almonds, or adding them to summer favourites, like salads and stir fry, for a healthy twist, could be the secret to unlocking summer success.  Speaking about procrastination, Mark confessed: “I can definitely relate to that because I think we all suffer from it at times, don't we? “So you've got to do everything you can, not to. “One of the main things is nutrition, and making sure you've got the energy, and it’s one thing that I always struggled with when I first started training and dieting when I was younger. “If you're dieting and eating less calories in between meals, what do you have to keep your energy up? “I was always told when I was young - that's why I wanted to be part of this campaign - I was told by a trainer to have a handful of almonds, it's got everything you need in terms of energy and picking you up, it’s got so many good fats and fibres. “That's why I wanted to be part of this campaign really, because it’s how I've lived for the last 10, 12 years that's what I snack on. “If it's 11 o'clock in between breakfast and lunch, I’ll have a handful of almonds, or in between lunch and dinner, the same.” He added: “I find when I'm off the diet and I'm not thinking about what I'm eating for my energy, I always feel so, so low of energy and sluggish.”