Long before Daniel Craig hung up his tuxedo, attention was firmly focussed on who would take over the most coveted role in Hollywood. Producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson declared they would not start the search until Craig's tenure on the big screen was absolutely over. That time has come and passed and suddenly reports are appearing about the new criteria for the casting process, topped today by exciting revelations that the franchise had inked in a new deal with Warner Bros to carry it through to Bond's 75th birthday. That means there will be a new series of James Bond adventures in cinemas all the way through to 2037. The output of film slowed considerably under Craig, but the usual format would see a new movie every two to three years. This means when the new Bond hits the big screen there is time for a full series of films building to the 75th anniversary. A new report in the Mirror said: "James Bond will be appearing on movie screens for the next 15 years at least, thanks to a new Hollywood deal. "The team behind 007 has signed a pact with studio giant Warner Bros to take the spy franchise past its 27th film and 75th birthday in 2037. Tinseltown insiders hailed the tie-in 'great news for fans.'" Frontrunners for the role have long included Elba, alongside Henry Cavill, Tom Hardy and Bridgerton's Rege-Jean Page. And British bookies agree, with Ladbrokes telling Express online today: "Punters are torn between Cavill and Elba as things stand, and while the latter has repeatedly ruled himself out of the running, punters seemingly think he could be calling 007 chiefs’ bluff." Ladbrokes have Cavill on 2/1, followed by Elba on 7/2, Page on 9/2 and Hardy on 5/1. Elba himself has repeatedly started to distance himself from the role, saying he wants to concentrate on his DJing and other film projects but another report actually revealed his close relationship with the future of the franchise. The report said: "Fans and Barbara wanted Idris but he wants to create something for himself. However, he's put forward names to play 007. He's 'informally' in the decision-making process as he's been in talks with producers for so long." This would also align with increasing leaks that suddenly seemed to rule out some of the biggest frontrunners after it was revealed that the producers had decided to cast their net among actors who fit strict requirements. It was reported that EON was only looking for male actors who were under 40 years of age and over 5'10 in height. Elba will hit 50 in a couple of weeks and Cavill is already 39.