Tesco customers have taken to social media to report of issues with the supermarket's website and app. Some shoppers have not been able to check out online due to system failures. Tesco's groceries app and website was reported to be down from around 5:48pm this evening. Around this time, thousands of shoppers took to social media to claim they were locked out and couldn't continue with their shopping. Two hours later, the number of reported outages with the app and website reached 2,414. At the time of writing, Tesco is still responding to people's complaints on Twitter. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare In response to a woman who said she was not able to amend or update her shopping order, Tesco said at 8:51pm: "At the moment the shopping will be delivered as is. "I am really sorry about this but we are unable to access your order at the moment due to the system issues we are having. All I can recommend is to just keep trying the website." Around the same time, Twitter user @debono83 said: "@Tesco the website has been down for about two hours now. "Is there any chance that it will be working at all today, and if not may I cancel my delivery booked for tomorrow?"  User @scatterb_ttv said: "I've managed to get in and add some stuff there the now but kept saying 'problem updating basket' after everything I added. Shall see what I get tomorrow." Earlier this evening, when the technical issues started to persist, one customer wrote: "Tesco, your website isn't working can't load any pages and can't login. Same error message." Another commented: "I tried to search for groceries and just got an error message." A third tweeted: "Trying to complete my order for delivery in morning but continue to get error?" Tesco confirmed the issues at the time, saying: "Hi there, the website and app are both down at the moment I am afraid, we are aware of the issue and it’s currently under investigation as a priority, sorry for the inconvenience caused." Another customer wrote: "And how long will this take to fix? I've just gone on to amend my order for tomorrow, which as a single parent with no car is very much needed, and obviously can't. "I shan't be happy if I can't sort it this evening!" One shopper said: "When will your app and website be working? Delivery tomorrow and need to finish my order!" Some shoppers shared the website had started working for them again around 8:30pm. User @beckyjtjt wrote: "My @tesco order is back. Big up Tesco IT, social media and call centre staff." User @jasperkitten said: "I had the same problem but I've just been able to go in and amend my order - phew! Good luck with yours." Terry Wright revealed the website was working again, but was "painfully slow". Express.co.uk has contacted Tesco for comment.