Growing your own fruit from scratch is one of the most rewarding things to do in the garden, so it can be disappointing when you go to harvest only to find that your crop has been spoiled. With the picking season for apples now just around the corner, gardening experts have warned gardeners too look out for bitter pit on their fruit as it ripens in the hot weather. Here’s how to check if your apples have bitter pit, and the key to stopping it from happening again to more fruit as the drought continues. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), bitter pit is a disorder that occurs when calcium levels in fruit are too low. It is more common after hot, dry summers, and even more so in periods of drought. The RHS said: “Bitter pit is caused by low levels of calcium in the fruit and poor distribution of calcium within the tree during fruit development. “Problems are generally worse in seasons when there are wide fluctuations in rainfall and temperature and a shortage of water to trees at critical times during fruit development.” READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Bitter pit is very easy to spot as it causes visible damage to both the surface and flesh of apples. The RHS described bitter pit as “small sunken pits” which develop on the surface, and dry, discolored flesh which is often found beneath them. It said: “In severe cases, brown areas of tissue are scattered throughout the flesh of an infected apple and it takes on an unpleasant, bitter taste.” RealEnglishFruit.co.uk explained that certain varieties of apples are particularly at risk of developing bitter pit. These include Bramley’s Seedling, Cox’s Orange Pippin, Egremont Russet, Merton Worcestor and Newton Wonder, though the varieties Jonagold and Gala seem to be unaffected by the disorder. Symptoms often appear when the fruits are half-developed and yet to be harvested, but the disorder is also known to remain hidden until the apples have been picked and stored. On younger trees, fewer and larger fruit are produced which are more prone to bitter pit, though the weather and excessive fertiliser or moisture in the roots can also increase the likelihood of it affecting your crop. With the peak apple harvest approaching in late summer, now is a crucial time to check for signs of bitter pit and take steps to prevent it from ruining your late autumn fruits. DON'T MISS:How to stop earwigs eating plants - 3 traps for plants ‘under attack' [INSIGHT]How to get rid of summer pests including ants and fruit flies [REVEAL]'Keep bananas fresh for 7 days': Handy food storage hack  [ANALYSIS]  According to Guy Barter, chief horticultural adviser for the RHS, “lack of water” is one of the key factors which can induce calcium deficiency and cause bitter pit in apples. He recommended, “repeated foliar sprays” of calcium nitrate solution to resolve the problem, though there are a few other ways to prevent it from happening. RealEnglishFruit.co.uk added that “good tree management” is also essential to dodge bitter pit each year. The site said: “When apples are growing on the tree, every morning, water leaves the apples and moves to the leaves, returning in the late afternoon. “The more leaves per apple on the tree, the more water (and calcium) leaves the apple, and the higher the likelihood of some of that calcium not being returned.” Daily watering and careful use of mulch are the best ways to prevent this disorder in periods of drought, though light summer pruning can also help. This works by reducing the vigour of the canopy to balance the distribution of water and calcium. The RHS added that leaving apples on the tree until they have fully ripened is the best way to prevent bitter pit in stored fruit, as “unripe fruit are more likely to have low calcium levels”. While bitter pit on a few apples doesn’t mean your entire crop is ruined, it does mean that badly affected fruits are inedible and should be discarded. Do this by picking them off the tree and collecting any fallen fruits from the bottom of the tree to clear the area. These apples can then be safely added to the compost heap as they are not diseased with fungus and therefore cannot infect other materials. Apples with brown patches which only appear near the skin can be salvaged by peeling the fruit and cooking it up to disguise the bitterness with sugar. The RHS added: “Fruit from trees with a recurrent bitter pit problem can be frozen, rather than stored, to prevent the disorder from developing.”