  The BBC’s Morning Live star Kimberley Walsh, 40, has admitted she had a "weird" discovery when meeting the Queen for the first time in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The presenter confessed the monarch reminded her of "her grandmother" and that the ever-composed royal was actually "very warm".      Kimberley, who rose to fame in pop group Girls Aloud, met the Queen with the other members of her group following their set at the 100th Royal Variety Performance to mark Her Majesty's Diamond Jubilee. Girls Aloud members, Kimberley, Cheryl Cole, Nadine Coyle, Nicola Roberts and the late Sarah Harding, who died of cancer last year, were all in attendance. Remembering the special moment when they met the monarch, Kimberley admitted she was “reminded of her grandmother”. “It's definitely a tick-box moment, isn't it, when you get to meet Her Majesty the Queen,” she said.      “It was weird, because it was almost like she reminded me of my grandma in a really lovely way. “She carries herself so well - and my grandma always did. She was very warm.” Reflecting on photographs from the happy occasion, she continued: “I’m quite proud to have those pictures, because  now I'll appreciate them more and more as the years go by.” Kimberley also spoke about having a lot of time for Kate Middleton and Prince William, as she felt she was in a generation that “grew up with them”.      The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are both 40 years old - the same age as Kimberley - which is why the star feels such an affinity for the royal couple. Asked if she was a fan of the Royal Family, Kimberley replied: “Yeah, I love it. It’s just nice that we’ve got that, isn’t it? “I think for me, obviously William and Kate are a very similar age to me, and I think that’s quite nice to age with them. “You know, the kids are similar ages,” the BBC Morning Live presenter added. READ MORE... Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [UPDATE] TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [LATEST] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [UPDATE]       Kimberley and her husband Justin Scott share three sons: Bobby, seven, Cole, five, and one-year-old Nate. Prince William and Kate also have three children: Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, seven and Prince Louis, four. “We’ve done everything at a similar age and I think you start to connect more to the ones that are in your generation,” she continued. “So I feel like we will grow up with them now. We’ll continue to grow together.”      Kimberley has recently joined up with the Wickes Community Programme, which will help transform a community in need. The DIY enthusiast teamed up with home improvement retailer Wickes to launch the competition (now closed) which has given one community organisation the chance to win £10,000. Wickes launched the initiative after research revealed half of Brits claim a renewed Community Space would improve their mental health and wellbeing. Kimberley has joined forces with home improvement retailer Wickes to launch the Wickes Community Programme Competition, offering a community organisation the chance to win £10,000. Entries for the competition are now closed.   