The Bristol resident told Express.co.uk that she has always been careful with money but is having to come up with new ways to save money. She said she's running out of ways to pinch the pennies and doesn't know what will happen next. As a single mum, Liz has always been careful but lately has been left with little wriggle room to make more savings. As a result she is trying not to use her car so that she can save money on petrol costs. She said: “I try not to use my car now. Food is really expensive - I’m a single parent so I’ve always been really careful. “I go to Lidl and do all those kinds of things so I don’t know how much more I can really cut down. It’s really affecting me in every single way.” READ MORE: State pensioners with one of 56 health conditions could claim £4428  While not everyone will be able to live without their car, going without could save someone around £3,500 a year. Dad Ricky Willis told The Mirror that he’s tried it and it’s definitely worth considering if families need to save money. He said: “Cost wise, we are now spending about £1,090 a year on transport without a car, compared to £4,500 with a car – that’s over £3,400 saving per year!” Alternatively, savvy Britons could earn a few hundred pounds extra a month hiring their car out to their neighbours. DON'T MISSUniversal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Online bank threat as families lose ‘mind-boggling sums’ [WARNING]Barclays issues urgent warning as scam could land you in prison [ALERT]PIP claim: Man receives £9,000 from DWP for mental health disorder [INSIGHT] Edward from London told Express.co.uk that he makes an extra £600 per month doing this through Karshare. “I don’t even have to be around to meet renters in order to share the car, they gain access via the app." Insurance is also covered while the vehicle is rented through the Karshare app and petrol costs are also reimbursed so the owner isn’t out of pocket. READ MORE: NHS prescriptions could hit £13 by 2035 including for over 60s Meanwhile, Britons who live in band A to D properties should have received their £150 council tax rebate to help with the cost of living by now. For anyone who is still waiting it shouldn’t be too much longer as they only have until September to issue the refunds. People who live in bands E to H can still get help paying their energy bills but they will have to apply via the Household Support Fund’s discretionary scheme. Britons should contact their local authority for help as the discount is given at their discretion.   In total, ten groups of people are disregarded from paying Council Tax bills.Britons are usually disregarded from Council Tax if they are:under 18 years oldon certain apprentice schemes18 or 19 years old and in full-time educationa full-time student at college or universityunder 25 years old and get funding from the Education and Skills Funding Agencya student nursea foreign language assistant registered with the British Councilseverely mentally impaireda live-in carer for someone who is not their partner, spouse, or child under 18a diplomat.