Echoes focuses on the lives of twin sisters Gina and Leni (played by Michelle Monaghan) who regularly swap lives, sharing families, houses and jobs. Their plan takes a turn for the worst though when Leni goes missing and Gina is left to pick up the pieces. Express.co.uk exclusively spoke to actress Aliss Willis about the filming locations of Echoes. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Echoes. While the plot of Echoes is disturbing, Netflix subscribers have been pleasantly surprised by the stunning backdrop. Surrounded by farms and woodland, the Australian seven-part thriller is a great watch for the scenery alone. In the drama itself, Echoes is set in the small town of Mount Echo in West Virginia. While there is a small community called Mount Echo in real life, it is a fictional town where the show takes place as it actually located in Virginia. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 Actress Aliss Willis who plays Meg, Leni's best friend in Echoes, explained where Echoes was shot. "So Echoes was filmed in North Carolina, Wilmington, North Carolina, and also shot some scenes in a city called Southport," she said. "It's very southern, I knew North Carolina was the south but getting off the plane and driving through the city, it's very slow compared to Los Angeles where I'm from. "It took some getting used to for me, left the hustle and bustle of the city. "It was very slow, it was what I needed, to have that environment during filming." These weren't the only filming locations used for Echoes either. While the drama mostly took place in Wilmington and Southport, there were some key scenes shot in a few other locations. Some of these included Los Angeles, California and Paris, according to Good to Know. It isn't clear why Paris is used as a location in the early episodes of Echoes but Gina moved to LA with her husband while Leni remained in Mount Echo. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [REACTION]Did Paxton leave Never Have I Ever? [EXPLAINER]Marilyn Monroe: ‘Not deliberately killed but death covered up' [REVEALED] After a couple of days on the streaming service, Echoes became the most watched series on Netflix. Given the intriguing premises on the show, it's no surprise that subscribers couldn't wait for its release. Actress Monaghan was also eager to get going, taking on a new challenge by portraying two different people. Opening up to PEOPLE, Monaghan explained the work that went into the roles. "It was incredibly challenging. The prep for both of the characters is really an intense period of really trying to individualize two very different distinct characters and characters that I could drop into very easily back and forth," she said. "And so it was creating characters that felt very unique, with very different energies and body languages and accents and physical looks. "The more technical aspect of that was shooting a very long scene where I play one character and then going and changing into the other character and shooting the other side. "And so we would do that multiple times a day and that became very intense. However, I was very laser-focused. But the dialogue was difficult to keep up with, learning all the lines, of course." Echoes is available to watch on Netflix.