Prince William and Kate are proud parents to three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Earlier this year, it was reported the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were looking to move to Windsor, following an increase in their royal responsibilities. According to Royally Us' host Christine Ross, the couple's children were the influence behind the reported upcoming move. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, Ms Ross said: "I've suspected that this move was really motivated by the kids." She added: "They've recently been photographed riding their bikes and scooters, and getting ice-cream in London. "I think William and Kate want more privacy for them." Speaking on their desire for privacy, Ms Ross continued: "[It's] so they can still do those fun things like football and tennis, but they can do it without being photographed, or worrying about, you know, someone snapping a photo on their iPhone. READ MORE: Queen's aide may be 'one of reasons' Harry is keen for right people to surround monarch Christine's co-host, Christina Garibaldi added: "[They] definitely want some privacy. "[and] maybe a little bit more normalcy, but I don't think that could happen." Ms Garibaldi also added that living in Windsor means they will "be closer to family", and that the move will give "Prince George and his siblings more freedom" to enjoy their favourite outdoor pastimes. The family are currently living at the royal residence of Kensington Palace, situated in the Royal London Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. READ MORE: Prince Harry memoir pivotal to Sussexes finances 'Been spending money like water!' Like all children in the UK, George, Charlotte and Louis are currently enjoying their summer break. In September, they will all reportedly be starting at a new school, following the move to Windsor. The Cambridge children could be attending the "thriving independent" Lambrook School, based in Berkshire. DON'T MISS In recent months, the Cambridge children have been attending more royal engagements, alongside their parents. In June, the trio attended a few events in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Princess Charlotte sat alongside her brothers as the children took part in their first carriage procession during the Trooping The Colour event. READ NEXT: