Because Joseph Nee, the mobster who ran into Olivia's house, pursued by a balaclava-clad shooter, should never even have been on the streets. He was jailed in 2009 for being part of a drugs gang and again in 2018 for a string of burglary and driving offences. But his 45-month sentence was effectively halved and he was automatically released two years ago because that's how it works. His case didn't even pass across the desk of the Parole Board. Olivia's killing was ludicrously described in one newspaper as "freak circumstances". But tragedies like this are now an inevitability thanks to a system that catches the bad guys - occasionally - before spewing them back onto our streets in a few piddling months to hurt us some more. "We will not rest until we find you," Det Chief Supt Mark Kameen warned Olivia's killer this week.And yesterday an arrest was made. If it turns out her killer has been caught, my money's on someone in that community being so sickened by Olivia's death they gave him up, rather than on brilliant police work. The fatal shooting of 11-year-old Rhys Jones in 2007 was meant to be a watershed moment for Liverpool. He died on his way home from football practice when he was caught in the crossfire of a gangland shooting. Well here we are 15 years on, and Liverpool is STILL living in the shadow of organised crime. Olivia's killing was the third shooting in the city this week. Criminals now have every reason to think they can do whatever the hell they like because: a) they're unlikely ever to get arrested, unless they post a tweet insulting a minority; b) even if they are, the case probably won't get to court; and c) any jail sentence under four years is going to be halved. Lawlessness on Britain's streets is now spiralling thanks to woke police chiefs who've forgotten what they exist to do - fight crime. They'd rather have cops dancing the macarena at Gay Pride, like officers in Lincoln did last weekend, who justified it claiming they were "supporting the gay community". Well if they want to support them, how about doing something to stop gay bashing and homophobic hate crime which has tripled in five years. Our police forces are now infested with wokery to the point where they have been rendered almost useless. Every force has a hierarchy that appears more about looking "progressive" than catching the bad guys. After Olivia, police chiefs who try to peddle their political beliefs must now be told that we don't give a stuff about their politics. Their job is to hunt down the lawbreakers - not to kneel down every time they see a Black Lives Matter protester. But how likely is that? The crime statistics tell us that more than 6.3million offences were reported to police in the year ending March 2022. Of those, just 5.6 percent led to a suspect being charged. So 94.4 percent of all criminals got away scot-free. And that knowledge is making criminals more brazen than ever. In Leeds last week masked men fought in the streets with machetes. On Sunday a screaming mob stormed and looted a McDonald's in Nottingham. In Oxford Street, gangs of thugs looted shops and jumped all over a moving Ferrari. In London alone, 67 people have been murdered so far this year. We now live in a country where cops are no longer a deterrent and criminals just laugh at them. Even those officers who DO want to fight crime know they have to do it with one hand tied behind their backs because of the woke ideology at the top. When Liz Truss becomes PM she must make it clear to police chiefs who peddle their own political agendas and go soft on criminals and protest groups that they will be replaced by officers who understand they exist to protect the public - nothing more. Cops aren't on the streets to dance, kneel or wave rainbow flags. They're there to protect the likes of little Olivia Pratt-Korbel - and they didn't! Meghan Markle tells how she wanted to stop work on a royal tour of South Africa because, she says, a heater caught fire in the nursery provided for four-month-old Archie. Archie wasn't in the room at the time because his nanny had taken him with her when she went to get a snack on the floor below at the residence where they were staying - a place packed with security guards and staff. Meghan tells the story in her new podcast with SerenaWilliams and bleats she was forced to carry on with her next engagement by the Men in Grey Suits. And why the hell not? Never for a millisecond was Archie in danger and people who were there (Meghan wasn't) reportedly said they didn't recollect a fire - just a smoking heater that was quickly unplugged. That tour would have taken dozens of people here and in South Africa months to organise. Cancellation would also have meant disappointing people they were due to meet who had been stripped of their land and homes during apartheid and dumped into corrugated huts on the outskirts of town. Would it have been OK to let them down? Can anyone imagine the Queen cancelling an engagement because of a smoking heater that did no damage to anyone or anything? Meghan often talks about inner strength and resilience when she appears to possess neither. I used to admire Emily Maitlis. Now I think the woman who gave a sermon (sorry, speech) at Edinburgh TV Festival has lost the plot - slating her former BBC bosses for kowtowing to the Government (when most of us believe the Beeb's a mouthpiece for the Left) and claiming it was biased in favour of Brexit. Well in her alternative universe it might have been, but not from where most Brits were sitting who saw the Corporation's (and Emily's) sneering contempt for Brexit on a daily basis. Poor ego-maniacal Em now believes that what SHE says and thinks is way more important than any story she is presenting. Still, she works in radio now. So her Remain-ery, unbalanced, deluded opinions are reaching a much smaller audience - which is a blessing for us all! TV cook Gino D'Acampo says he was filming with Gordon Ramsay when a fan asked him for an autograph. He tried to make conversation by saying, "So when's the baby due?" The angry woman snapped back: "I'm not pregnant. I've just had a couple of bad years and put lots of weight on." Big oops. Boxer Barry McGuigan once asked me the same question. I'd ballooned after too many doughnuts and the minute the words were out of his mouth, his fabulous wife Sandra shouted "idiot" at him and delivered a punch in the ribs that would have winded Tyson Fury. In the National TV Awards, Sir David Attenborough is up against Clarkson's Farm star Kaleb Cooper in the Best Expert category. The fabulously cheeky Kaleb, who is totally bemused by his nomination, says he'll be voting for Attenborough. But I suspect that this time, as much as we love Sir David, the country will be throwing its support behind this passionate young farmer who refuses to let Clarkson get away with a trick! So Coleen Rooney has signed a multi-million-pound deal with Disney+ for a tell-all Wagatha Christie documentary. There seems to be much excitement over this but does anyone give an actual stuff about two daft women scrapping over who did and said what on Instagram? Since when did drivel command such a high price? We're told driverless cars will eliminate human error. I don't think so. My computer crashes way more than I do.