Tony DiNozzo (played by Michael Weatherly) was an integral cog in NCIS for 13 years, always at hand to protect his fellow agents as well as crack a joke, often at Agent Timothy McGee's (Sean Murray) expense. While he hasn't been in the CBS drama for quite some time, he remains one of the show's all-time favourite agents. So what do fans know about DiNozzo's life away from work, including his family?  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. DiNozzo had a rollercoaster love life in NCIS, with numerous girlfriends and flings throughout his time on the job. One of his most memorable romances was way back in season four with Dr Jeanne Benoit (Scottie Thompson). They met while he was on an undercover operation and sadly, when the truth came out, Jeanne wasn't able to handle the fact he lied and so their romance came to an end. However, viewers knew all too well that DiNozzo was actually destined to be with someone closer to home. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold DiNozzo and Agent Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) were flirty workmates who seemed to frequently be on the edge of getting together. In season 11, Ziva left NCIS so she could return to her home country of Israel but little did fans know at the time that she slept with DiNozzo before going. It was only in season 13, just before his own exit, that their one-night stand was revealed as he found out that she gave birth to his daughter Tali. DiNozzo then became her full-time guardian as he was informed that Ziva had been killed in a mortar attack. The news came as a complete shock to the agent but after the revelation of him being a dad sank in, DiNozzo knew what to do. He left America to start a new life with Tali in Paris and sadly hasn't been seen since. However, when Ziva unexpectedly returned in season 16, after some encouragement from Agent Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon), she flew out to be with her little family in Paris. It isn't believed that the former agents have gone on to have any more children so, for now, DiNozzo just has one daughter. DON'T MISS...Alex Scott slams stadiums who refused to host womens football [REACTION]NCIS LA season 14 release date, cast, plot: When is NCIS LA back? [RELEASE DATE]NCIS' Abby Sciuto was almost replaced by Hollywood A-lister  [EXPLAINER] Since his exit six years ago, actor Weatherly went on to star in CBS' legal drama Bull. So when he announced the show would be ending, NCIS fans instantly thought this could mean a DiNozzo comeback could be in the works. Sadly, there has been no official word on whether or not this could happen in season 20 or in any possible future series. But executive producer Steve Binder hasn't completely ruled out the idea. Speaking to TV Insider, Steve Binder explained:  "I absolutely would love to do something like that. "The last conversation I had with him was that he's going to take some time off and rest because he went from a very difficult schedule on NCIS to headlining his own show for six years, through Covid, but I can say that I consider him a friend, so it's not a difficult conversation to have with him. "It's just a question of whether or not it works out." NCIS season 20 will premiere on Monday, September 19, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.