Sky Glass fans can take advantage of an incredible deal which throws in a pre-paid Mastercard with £100 entirely for free, as well as six months free access to broadband. The Sky broadband that you get bundled in with Sky Glass is usually available priced from £30.50 a month, which means you'll save over £280 - when factoring in the free pre-paid Mastercard you get - in total when you sign-up to this deal. If you want to take advantage of this offer you need to act quick though as the free £100 cashback offer with Sky Glass ends next week. This promotion is only available until September 1 and can be claimed by new Sky Glass customers, as well as existing Sky Q or Sky+ customers that are signing up to Sky Glass. The Mastercard with £100 worth of funds loaded on it will be sent to you up to 41 days after your Sky Glass purchase and activation of your TV. You will be able to use it wherever Mastercard is accepted - however, you won't be able to use it at ATMs, for cashback, to exchange currency, for credit card or overdraft payments, for credit agreements, memberships, direct debit subscriptions or at petrol stations. The pre-paid Mastercard with £100 credit on it is thrown in for free on a number of Sky Glass packages, the cheapest of which is £39 a month. For this price you'll get a Sky Glass 4K TV, access to over 110 channels including Sky Atlantic - which will allow you to watch Game of Thrones prequel House of the Dragon - as well as a Netflix subscription. Sky Glass has been out for almost a year now and if you're looking for a hassle-free way to experience Sky TV then this option is perfect for you. Unlike a Sky Q box, you won't need to worry about getting an engineer appointment booked in or having a satellite dish fitted to your home. The Sky Glass TV has everything you need to experience Sky TV built into it, with all content delivered over a broadband connection. Like with Sky Q, with Sky Glass you'll be able to access popular Sky channels such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Sports and Sky Cinema as well as pause and rewind live television. You won't, however, be able to set up series links on Sky Glass and record episodes of your favourite shows but there will be plenty of on-demand content available to you. Sky Glass also lets you access popular apps such as Netflix, Prime Video and Disney+ all at the touch of a button in one, handy place.