What makes this saving option so popular is the fact that two people have the chance to become millionaires thanks to the National Savings and Investments (NS&I) prize lottery. Any deposits made with Premium Bonds are 100 percent protected from any potential harm or fraud which explains its long-term success with savers. They are backed by the UK Government.  How can I boost my chances of winning?NS&I says each £1 Bond number has an equal chance of winning, regardless of when or where it was bought. However, the savings provider does explain why newer Bonds seem to be more likely to be picked. On the NS&I website, it said: “Over 95 percent of eligible Premium Bonds have been bought since the year 2000.” It continued: “So even though Premium Bonds have been on sale for over 60 years, this is why newer Bonds seem to win more frequently. READ MORE: Council Tax: Millions left waiting for £150 rebate - but only weeks left to apply She said: “Firstly, we were pleased to announce the increase of Premium Bonds prize fund rate from one percent to 1.40 percent, effective from this month’s draw, which will see an extra 1.4 million prizes paid out. “Premium Bonds have really changed over the years, with the first draw having 23,142 prizes and this month’s draw seeing a total of 4,823,067 prizes – a record number for a Premium Bonds prize draw.” The more Premium Bonds someone’s holds, the higher their chance of winning. Apart from that, everyone has as much chance as the next person as the numbers are drawn randomly. READ MORE: State pension age change could affect your free bus pass eligibility - check now Since the first draw in July 1957, ERNIE has drawn 577 million prizes with a total value of £23.2 billion. Britons win prizes between £25 and the £1million jackpot each month. There is still £74million of prizes sitting unclaimed so Britons are urged to check. Thousands of savers could already be sitting on a cash prize. Anyone who has ever bought Premium Bonds should check old bond numbers to see if they have won.