She-Hulk: Attorney at Law is coming to Disney Plus this week and the Marvel series is the eighth to form part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The series follows Jennifer Walters, a lawyer specializing in cases involving superhumans, who develops incredible powers. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Jennifer is the cousin of Bruce Banner who accidentally gets contaminated by his blood and turns into a female version of the Hulk. She does not want her newfound special abilities and experiences a great feeling of denial. She: Hulk is played by Tatiana Maslany, a 36-year-old Canadian actress known for Orphan Black and The Other Half. The star opened up about how the term "strong female lead" was irritating. She was quoted in The Guardian as saying: "Because it’s reductive. It’s just as much a shaving off of all the nuances, and just as much of a trope. "It’s a box that nobody fits into. Even the phrase is frustrating. It’s as if we’re supposed to be grateful that we get to be that.”  Nikki is Jennifer's best friend and paralegal in the series and she helps Jennifer see the fun side of life. She is played by Ginger Gonzaga, a 39-year-old American comedian and actress known for Mixology and Space Force. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers Titania is a social media influencer who becomes She: Hulk's rival after becoming obsessed with her. She also has incredible strength and is known for her narcissism and ego. Jameela Jamil took up jiu-jitsu, kickboxing, and kung fu so she could play the part. The 36-year-old comedian and actress from London was the first solo female presenter of the BBC Radio 1 chart show. She has since relocated to America and went on to star in The Good Place and Legendary.  Augustus is a member of the legal team who works with Walters and Ramos and he cares deeply about his colleagues. He is played by Josh Segarra, a 36-year-old American actor known for his roles in Arrow and The Electric Company. Todd has just entered the world of online dating and is a potential match for Walters. He tries to take on a Tony Stark persona but comes across as a 'creep'. Todd is played by Jon Bass, a 32-year-old American actor known for his roles in Baywatch and Big Time in Hollywood.  Mallory is a lawyer at the firm who is threatened by Walters' new position of authority. She is under a lot of pressure to achieve perfection but ends up seeing Walters' gentler side. Renée Elise Goldsberry is an American actress and singer known for her role in Hamilton. She told Parade of her latest role: "There are times when my career makes me cool to my kids, which is shocking as a middle-aged woman that anything I’d be doing in my life would be cool to my kids as they get older…" DON'T MISS... She-Hulk trailer gives fans first look at new Marvel superhero [VIDEO] Marvel brings back Avengers Phase One villain in unexpected move [INSIGHT] She-Hulk release date, cast: When is Disney Plus’ Attorney at Law out? [EXPLAINER] Emil is a Russian-born former officer for the Royal Marines Commandos who created an alternate version of the Hulk. He combined super soldier serum and gamma radiation to turn himself into a humanoid monster. English actor Tim Roth, 61, is known for his roles in The Hit, Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs and Rob Roy.  The Avenger returns as Walters' cousin in the series and he decides to train her to become a superhero. Mark Ruffalo is a 54-year-old actor who is also known for his roles in The Kids Are All Right and I Know This Much Is True. On whether there is now too much Marvel content out there, Mark told The Metro: "It’s not something I worry about. "I understand that these things run their course and then something else comes along. But the thing Marvel has done well is that, inside the MCU, just as they do with comic books, they let a director or an actor sort of recreate each piece to their own style, their likeness." The Sorcerer Supreme who previously encountered Blonsky is played by Benedict Wong in the series. He reprises his role from Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings and Doctor Strange. The 51-year-old actor is also known for his roles in Marco Polo and The Martian.  A blind lawyer by day and a masked vigilante at night, Walters and Murdoch have plenty in common. Daredevil's return came as a surprise to the show's creators as they did not think it would be possible. Charlie Cox, 39, is also known for his roles in The Theory of Everything and Boardwalk Empire.  She-Hulk: Attorney at Law airs on Disney Plus on August 18.