When shopping for appliances, it’s important to think of two price tags. The first one covers the purchase price – think of it as a down payment - and the second price tag is the cost of operating the appliance during its lifetime. Britons will be paying on that second price tag every month with their energy bill for the next 10 to 20 years, depending on the appliance. Here is everything you need to know. Energy experts at Energy Saving Trust said: “Choosing the most energy efficient household appliance for needs can help you save energy – and money – on your bills. “But some common household items are more energy guzzling than others.” Appliances have Energy Star labels to help consumers identify the most energy-efficient products. This label also appears on windows, water heaters and other electronics. EnergyGuide labels (which are yellow and black so easily identifiable) will show an appliance's average annual energy consumption and operating cost so that you can compare them. In the UK, by contrast, since 2021, dishwashers, fridges and freezers are labelled from A (high efficiency) to G (low efficiency), while ovens and microwaves are rated as A+++ dropping down to D. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients “The appliance rating is based on how much energy it uses in typical use, compared with similar appliances,” explained Joanna O’Loan, knowledge manager at the UK's Energy Saving Trust. Getting the right-sized appliances is important. For example, a too-large washing machine or dishwasher that is regularly used half-empty is far less efficient than a smaller appliance that always runs full. Similarly, a full refrigerator is more efficient than one that's always empty. Joanna explained: “As appliances are categorised by size, a large and small fridge might have the same energy rating, but the larger model may use more electricity. “Look for the product with the best energy rating for the size you need.” DON'T MISS: Property: How to save by renting out your home [EXPERT]‘Tough’ garden plants you ‘can’t kill’ - ‘tolerates harsh conditions’ [INSIGHT]How to get rid of mould: Natural way to banish 'tough mould' [TIPS] This works the other way around, too: fitting air con units that are too small for your home is inefficient since they will have to be on for longer and work harder to cool a home. Eco settings, on dishwashers for example, can help use any appliance in a more eco-friendly way. Similarly, doing laundry at a lower temperature will save energy. Swapping out a tumble dryer for a dehumidifier will save energy and cut costs, while shopping for a refrigerator with the freezer above or below rather than side-by-side will generally be a more efficient choice. Ovens are now well insulated to avoid excess heat loss and are typically favourably energy rated. However, there are extra features to look out for. READ MORE: Kitchen trends to ‘avoid’ for room to stay ‘timeless’ - ‘best options’ Lucy Dunstan, product manager at Smeg advised: “While people in a hurry might opt for rapid heat up options, those with more time can choose the more efficient eco mode which steadily heats food, avoiding the initial surge.” Cooking several dishes at once and avoiding opening the door too much also helps make the appliance more efficient. “Induction hobs are considered more energy efficient than other hobs,” added Lucy. The induction process heats only the base of the pan, rather than the hob, so heat loss is minimised and energy efficiency maximised. Using a microwave to cook when possible is also more energy efficient than using an oven since only the food and not the oven is heated. For those buying a fridge, they might like to know that this is probably the single most energy-intensive appliance they’ll have in their kitchen. While fridges and freezers need to stay switched on all the time, there are ways to reduce energy consumption. Avoid overloading, minimise the number of times you open and close the door, and select “holiday mode” to conserve energy while you’re away. Lee Harrington, connected home group manager at BSH Home Appliances Group, recommends investing in an app-controlled smart fridge freezer. He said: “If you accidentally leave the door open, you’ll receive a reminder to shut it via the app. “Then if you select SuperCooling and SuperFreezing modes via the app as you leave the supermarket with your shopping, by the time you get home, the temperature of the fridge and freezer will be lower than usual, to offset the rise in temperature when you open the door to load groceries.”