Cristiano Ronaldo has been offered to Napoli in a speculative ‘free loan’ deal by super-agent Jorge Mendes, according to reports in the Italian media. The Manchester United forward apparently remains keen to leave Old Trafford before Thursday’s transfer deadline. Ronaldo has endured a frustrating summer, having made clear his desire to leave as early as July. The veteran also appears to have lost his place in Erik ten Hag’s preferred line-up. Napoli are one of few clubs who have been strongly linked with a move for Ronaldo. Mendes, Ronaldo’s representative, has worked tirelessly to complete the 37-year-old’s exit from United. The Serie A side do not have the finances to prise Ronaldo away from the Premier League, though. That has prompted Mendes to offer the former Real Madrid striker in a bizarre ‘free loan’ move, that would see Napoli pay nothing towards the deal. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ten Hag has a ridiculous problem as Antony video emerges That is according to Italian publication Il Mattino, who report that Mendes had grown concerned by the inactivity by the two clubs in discussions over a move for Ronaldo. The Portuguese agent made the proposal to Napoli on Monday. It is unlikely that United would accept such a move. Ronaldo is believed to earn around £500,000 per-week at Old Trafford when bonuses and other clauses are considered. However, there have been reports that the club icon has taken a wage cut due to United’s failure to qualify for the Champions League last term. It comes as United reportedly pursue Napoli striker Victor Osimhen. Mendes’ initial offer to the Italian giants had involved a swap deal involving Ronaldo and the exciting 23-year-old attacker. DON'T MISS...Man Utd tipped to make another signing out of the blue after AntonyMan United may help Birmingham pull off next Bellingham projectMan Utd perform U-turn on signing second midfielder after Casemiro The Red Devils have not made an offer for the Nigerian, even though Napoli head coach Luciano Spalletti has already told the Old Trafford hierarchy that a bid in the region of £85m would need to be considered. Spalletti told journalists following Napoli’s goalless draw with Fiorentina last weekend: “I don’t have time to think about these things, we have a game every few days. Is the club thinking about it? The club thinks of any situation that is of interest to our players. “I say that if a club offers you €100m (£85m), it is not easy to say no. Since I arrived here, all the players have been on the market for the right price.” United are set to strengthen Ten Hag’s attack with the addition of Antony from Ajax. The 22-year-old Brazilian was seen at United’s Carrington training complex on Monday ahead of undergoing his medical.