Hmm. And this is the same Prince Charles who stepped in to walk her down the aisle and welcomed her into his family, lifting her onto an international stage she would never have ascended otherwise. Elsewhere, Nelson Mandela’s grandson has rubbished her absurd claims that the black South African community celebrated her wedding in the way they did the freeing of his grandfather, saying: “Overcoming 60 years of apartheid is not the same as marrying a white prince.” It takes quite something for such a self-proclaimed humanitarian to upset the family of the saintly Madiba, does it not? But why should she stop there? Here are a few more of Meghan’s “truths” that will no doubt be dropping any minute now. It is a little known fact that Meghan is a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford, with a particular interest and expertise in the developing world. She wished to put her position “out there” to encourage other bi-racial princesses to hope that they, too, could hold a post at one of the world’s most prestigious academic institutions, but the Royal Family did not allow her to do so as they felt it would draw unfair comparisons with Prince Andrew, who is not a fellow of All Souls. Meghan has, in fact, discovered the cure for cancer and was eager to share her break-through with the global medical community before she was stopped from doing so by the Royal Family. Sources close to Meghan strenuously deny that she implied this information would in some way overshadow Prince Andrew, who has not discovered a cure for cancer. A successful cover-up by the Royal Family, directed by the late Prince Philip, means that very few people know that Meghan is, in fact, the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize. “Just remember,” said one person who is not at all close to the former Miss Markle, “that the Queen is the head of the British Armed Forces and Prince Andrew fought in the Falklands. It would not look good to contrast that with the winner of a Peace Prize. But Meghan firmly believes that it is diplomacy, not armed conflict, that will heal this hurting world.” Despite constant attempts by the Royal Family to denigrate her as a B-list actress whose finest hour was as a briefcase girl on Deal Or No Deal, Meghan, unlike Prince Andrew, is in fact the holder of eight Academy Awards, including Best Actress, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Best Hair and Make-up and Best Complete and Utter Fantasy. Actually, the Royal family might be thinking of going public on that last one. As for acting – does Meghan ever actually stop? So the Notting Hill Carnival descended into its usual violence, with one murder and more than 200 arrests as gangs settled scores, according to Scotland Yard. For those who have the good fortune never to have been anywhere near the carnival, it is held in a small residential area which is effectively turned into a no-go area for the Bank Holiday weekend. For years many people have been saying that it should be moved somewhere like nearby Hyde Park which, being a big open area, would be much easier to police. But because the neighbourhood in which the carnival is held is also linked to the Notting Hill race riots, some activists are adamant that it should stay in situ, thus condemning participants, locals and police to a never-ending cycle of crime. They could improve matters overnight by agreeing to moving the thing, but when it comes to a choice between a blatant political gesture and actually looking after the best interests of their own community, no prizes for guessing which is going to happen. One of the best films of the 1980s was Beverley Hills Cop. Now, 38 years on, Eddie Murphy is reprising the role of Axel Foley. Usually it is unwise for an actor to revisit the scene of an earlier triumph (remember the sequel to Wall Street?) but Tom Cruise HAS proved the exception to the rule in the terrific Top Gun: Maverick. We hear a lot about the problems faced by single mothers; not so much about those faced by single fathers, so how refreshing to see a success story staring us in the face. Bobby Brazier lost his mother Jade Goody when he was just five; now a handsome 19-year old, he has just landed a part in EastEnders and is modest with it. It is the world’s most powerful rocket, we were told. Artemis 1 was about to kick off a new era in moon exploration, leading one day to a situation where we might even colonise space. With 8.8 million pounds of thrust (stop it, madam) it is the most powerful rocket ever, with only Elon Musk’s (natch) set to cap it – until take-off was delayed due to, amongst other things, the weather. A new Netflix documentary about cats has revealed that when our little feline friends want to tell us they like us, they start to purr. You do not say. Who knew? Least surprising headline of the week: “Corbyn praises rapper accused of anti-Semitism.” Times may be tough right now. But at least that clown’s back in the obscurity in which he belongs.