Since the Tory Party whittled it down to a final two candidates to take over from Boris Johnson, everyone has become used to hearing the same repeated bland, rehearsed phrases. Mr Sunak talks of how he can be trusted because he is "saying some things that are maybe not the easiest thing in the world to hear", while Ms Truss says she will be "bold" in her plan to "deliver" for voters. Meanwhile, TV debates have turned into mudslinging matches with both candidates looking to dismantle each other's credibility without really making anyone any clearer about why they are the best candidate for the job. But tonight, finally there were some real answers. In interviewing the two finalists, Kay Burley put both candidates through their paces. The Foreign Secretary was grilled on her U-turn on announcing plans to introduce regional public sector pay bodies to determine how many civil servants in different parts of the country should be paid. READ MORE ON OUR TORY LEADERSHIP LIVE BLOG She initially maintained her policy was "misrepresented by various people" and that nothing had changed. Under repeated questioning, she finally conceded: "I absolutely accept that it wasn't the right policy to deal with the situation and therefore I withdrew the policy immediately." The South West Norfolk MP also caused raised eyebrows when she was asked by the Sky News presenter if there was anything she had kept quiet that Tory members should know about. "There are no skeletons in my closet," she said. "I think everything I've ever said and done is known about very publicly." It may seem like an obvious answer, but with trust in politics such a crucial issue right now according to the opinion polls, the answer has nailed her down; any scandal that now emerges will be deeply damaging. DON'T MISS:Truss refuses to visit Taiwan but claims it ‘MUST be defended’ [WATCH]Truss supporter shuts down Raab in heated exchange over Tory leaders [REACTION]Jacob Rees-Mogg answers YOUR questions on Brexit, Boris and more [GET INVOLVED] The former Chancellor was also given a tough time. Why was he still in the contest when the polls suggest he is doomed to fail? How can he explain his ex-cabinet colleagues one by one criticising him for saying different things behind closed doors than when speaking publicly to the country? He said: "I'm not going to talk ill of any of my colleagues. But ultimately, I'm the chancellor that is responsible for the decisions on how we spend our money. And that's what I did." His answer was a subtle admission that he had in fact pushed back against colleagues on matters such as extra spending for defence in wake of the Ukraine war. And finally, someone had the guts to straight up ask Mr Sunak if he was too rich to be Prime Minister and whether he had benefited financially from the use of tax havens. The Richmond MP insisted he was still the same man as he had always been and he was just as in touch with the public today as he was when he decided to open the furlough scheme at the start of lockdown. On tax havens: "I personally have absolutely never ever benefited and have paid absolutely full normal taxes wherever I've lived." Real questions, real answers. Tory members tonight heard actual useful information that can be used to help inform their votes. Given how polls have shown Ms Truss significantly ahead among who is the party faithful's choice to be leader, perhaps the most notable moment of the night was the audience's choice of who won the night. Made up of purely Conservative members, when asked for a show of hand, the overwhelming majority of those in the studio said Mr Sunak was better this evening. Maybe if there was a little more scrutiny and a little less mudslinging, the outcome of the contest would be very different.