But still, both keep parroting promises and pledges they’ll never in a million years be able to keep on almost every subject imaginable. However, the one subject both have avoided like the plague is the needs of the elderly. Neither appears to have a clue – or care – about the problems facing millions of pensioners in the UK. Maybe it’s not a sexy enough subject or maybe they don’t think it’s a vote winner. Or maybe they too have been brainwashed by the current ageist narrative in this country which is that elderly people are a burden on society. That they’re bed blockers, that they’re all living in big houses that could be given over to a young family - if only they’d shove off out of them. This is of course a narrative that suits many young people who for some bizarre reason imagine it’s their human right to own their own house. They have no qualms in voicing their bitterness and resentment about the fact that many people in their 60s and 70s own their own homes - and they don’t. And why the hell do they have the brass neck to think home ownership is their God-given right? For the majority of elderly people who do own their own homes – that didn’t come easy. It came after years of saving, hard work, and sacrifice.  We keep hearing how easy it was years ago to buy a house. Well actually no it wasn’t – not when interest rates were at 17 percent. Back then houses didn’t just fall into people’s laps - they came after years of sacrifice. And it took many more years of sacrifice after that to hang onto them. So this notion that today’s older generation had it easy is tosh! I wonder if people in their 20s and 30s now would be prepared to make sacrifices to get a house that people did 40 years ago? Would they be prepared to give up their social lives, clubbing, holidays, and nights out to get a mortgage? Because that’s exactly what millions of homeowners now in their 60s and 70s did. But younger generations refuse to accept this. They think owning their own home is a God-given right. It isn’t and it never was. And I resent this attitude that the elderly had it easy and they’re now a drain on society. These are people who have paid into the system their entire lives so why the hell shouldn’t they get something out of it i.e. basic social care - when they need it. Esther Rantzen has spoken out this week and said as a society we’re totally ignoring the needs of older people. But it's way worse than that – we’re actually demonising them. We now live in an ageist society which seems to believe that the elderly are greedy villains who are consuming more than their fair share of society’s limited resources. And this is sinister because it’s a form of discrimination every bit as insidious as racism or homophobia yet it’s never talked about in that way. It's talked about as if elderly people are a nuisance, a burden on society when they’ve contributed more to society than the people criticising them ever will. So Yes, Esther Rantzen is right when she says we need a Minister for the Elderly to end “the victimisation of the over 65’s." She’s also right to admonish both Truss and Sunak for ignoring our seniors ( I hate the word elderly) bearing in mind most Tory members who are choosing the next PM are over 60. Most Mediterranean and Latin countries don’t just value their elders – they revere them. They value their wisdom, their past and present contributions to society. And because of that, they keep them integrated within their families. Here we condemn millions of old people to a life of despair and the kind of loneliness that actually kills. We put them into care homes which for many just exacerbates their feelings of loneliness and uselessness. Or we have millions living alone who don’t speak or see anyone from one week to the next. Shame on us all for that. DON'T MISS: We also have a social care system that isn’t fit for purpose. Time and again reforms to it kicked into the long grass which is literally just sticking two fingers up at a generation which desperately needs our help. Research by Age Scotland says only five percent of older people feel valued. And just one-third feel they're a burden on society. And that’s OUR fault. We have made them think and feel that. We have made them feel pointless and useless and like they’re a burden on society. I’m sorry but the elderly deserve our compassion, our thanks and our respect – and they get none of those in this supposedly civilised country of ours. This is why there needs to be a culture shift where seniors are appreciated and celebrated - not resented, ostracised and made to feel like they don’t belong. Someone much cleverer than me once said: “The challenge is to build a world that is as responsive to the needs of the very old as it is to the very young.” And the shame of this country – we’re nowhere even close to that!! 