Wednesday marks the 25th anniversary of Diana, Princess of Wales's death. She was killed alongside her partner, Dodi Fayed, and Henri Paul, who was at the wheel of their car as it crashed in Paris. She was 36 years old when she suddenly died, leaving behind a 15-year-old Prince William and Prince Harry, who was 12 at the time. Solemnly observing the quarter-century anniversary, Professor Pauline Maclaran of Royal Holloway, University of London, described Diana as a force who rejuvenated the monarchy and opened up the Firm to an “emotional” connection with the public. She described how the late princess lives on in how both Prince William and Prince Harry behave and speak. The co-author of "Royal Fever" told Express.co.uk: “Diana helped modernise the monarchy and make them realise they needed to be more emotionally receptive to their public. “She lives on now through her children and we can see how both William and Harry keep her memory very much alive, both through their behaviours (humanitarian causes and warmth of spirit in dealing with people) and through their words (evoking her frequently in their speeches etc.).” Royal Editor for the Daily Mirror, Russell Myers, said the two brothers have “decided to go their own ways”, and would be “quietly” marking the day apart. He told Sky News Australia: “I don’t think that even they would have thought that their relationship would have soured so quickly.” However, the two siblings did come together to mark what would have been a milestone birthday for their mother last year. READ MORE: Meghan's warned 'farcical' claims 'further and further damaging' brand Prince Harry made the trip back from the US to London for the date that would have been Diana’s 60th birthday. The two brothers unveiled a statue in her memory at Kensington Palace back in 2021. A joint statement read: “Today, on what would have been our Mother’s 60th birthday, we remember her love, strength and character – qualities that made her a force for good around the world, changing countless lives for the better." Prince Harry, during a visit to Colorado last week, directly referenced his mother as someone he hoped he could make "proud". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Arrogant' Meghan 'one of most destructive' royals [LIVE] Royal POLL: Is Meghan Markle right to return to social media? [POLL] Meghan 'over dramatising' Archie fire compared to William's injury [ANALYSIS] He expressed his wish that the late Princess of Wales could have met his wife, Meghan, and the couple's two young children, Archie and Lilibet. He said: "I want it to be a day filled with memories of her incredible work and love for the way she did it. "I want it to be a day to share the spirit of my mum with my family, with my children, who I wish could have met her. "Every day, I hope to do her proud." However, an anonymous source told the Mirror that Prince William was "not planning" on issuing a public statement on the day of the anniversary. They added: "He will no doubt spend the day reflecting on his mother's incredible legacy and the work he continues to do every day to further it in any way he can."