  Switch actress Ellen Barkin has claimed that Johnny Depp gave her a drug before they slept together for the first time. The Big Easy star has said she “protested a little – [but] not too much”, before the pair had sex.      Ellen, 68, whose film credits include Drop Dead Gorgeous and Ocean's Thirteen, testified about her former relationship with Johnny back in November 2019. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 59, recently won his defamation lawsuit against ex-wife Amber Heard, 36, who is yet to pay the actor millions of dollars in damages. Sections of the 2019 video deposition were shown during the high-profile trial held in Fairfax, Virginia earlier this year. Other parts, including Barkin’s claim, have been unveiled following the release of pretrial documents relating to the case. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning      In the clip, Ellen explains how she first started dating Johnny in 1994, having been friends beforehand. According to Entertainment Tonight, she said that ahead of their first sexual interaction, the actress “protested a little – not too much” after Depp “pulled [her] onto his lap”. The outlet reports her saying: “He came on to me in the living room of my house, pulled me onto his lap and said something like, ‘Oh, come on Ellen,’ or whatever. “I protested a little and then – not too much. And that was that.”      The actress reportedly went on to clarify in the video that the Edward Scissorhands actor didn’t assault her. However, she did apparently allege: “He gave me a Quaalude and asked me if I wanted to f***.” A Quaalude is the band name for Methaqualone, which is a type of sedative and hypnotic drug. The medication was generally used for anxiety and stress before it was made illegal by the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) in the 1980s.  READ MORE... Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday [LATEST] Anne Heche 'rushed to hospital with burns as car crashes into house' [NEWS] Brooklyn Beckham's wife thanks dad for 'having my back' amid struggles [NEWS]      Aside from her rendition of their first sexual encounter, the actress also told the Daily Mail that Johnny was “verbally abusive” in a previous interview. In the report, she accused the Alice in Wonderland actor of throwing a wine bottle at her. She told the outlet: “There was always an air of violence around him. “He’s a yeller, he is verbally abusive. And those things you can see.” In his previous libel trial against The Sun in London in 2020, Johnny denied these claims: “I do not have an anger management problem,” the actor stated at the time.     Johnny sued the tabloid’s publisher, News Group Newspapers, and its executive editor, Dan Wootton, over a 2018 story alleging he was abusive towards Amber during their marriage, but he lost the suit. After Johnny won his defamation suit against ex-wife Amber in 2022, the Aquaman actress was ordered to pay $10million in compensatory damages and $350,000 in punitive damages to him due to an op-ed piece she wrote about domestic abuse in the Washington Post. She was awarded $2million from Johnny from her counter-lawsuit, which leaves her with just over $8million to pay. Amber has since filed a motion to appeal the trial verdict, while Johnny has followed suit with his own $2 million appeal. If you or someone you know is experiencing domestic abuse, you can call the 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline, run by Refuge, on 0808 2000 247, or visit their website here.   