Prince Harry must get his book "cleared in next seven to ten days" to get published before Christmas, Meghan Markle warned, according to royal commentator Neil Sean. The Duchess of Sussex allegedly believes the best course of action for the Duke of Sussex is to take advantage of her fame with the release of her Archetypes podcast and have his tell-all memoir before Christmas. Speaking on his YouTube Channel Daily News Headlines, Mr Neil said: "For Meghan, she truly believes that whenever she decides to drop something, including Prince Harry’s book – or maybe Prince Harry, who knows – then, of course, people will listen and it will become an instant bestseller. "What’s pushed ahead with this? Well, the fact that her first podcast – the first full one at least – managed her number one in the streaming charts. "So, she’s buoyed on by that and believes that if Prince Harry doesn’t capitalise on that, then seemingly he may be suffering with a flop book in the early part of the new year. "But the bottom line is you see: if the book isn’t cleared very quickly – and were talking about in the next seven to ten days – then they won’t really hit the publishing target, the market." "People don’t really buy books at Christmas according to the insiders. People buy them around October, early November time," Neil Sean said. "By Christmas, people have made their decisions about the ones they want to buy. And really all the orders have to be placed, displayed and signings and what show appearances – everything like that has to be in place." The Duchess of Sussex topped the charts on Spotify in the first 24 hours last week with her newly released Archetypes podcast. And she is already garnering attention with her second podcast episode, which features Maria Carey. According to the Duchess, Prince Harry should benefit from her popularity and get the book out as soon as possible instead of Christmas time. READ MORE: Serena 'reduced herself to being schmaltzy’ on Meghan's podcast Mr Neil said: "The memoir was then slated now to be put back to early next year. According to Meghan and her team, they want to push ahead with the release of the memoir simply because they’re hot. "That’s the word you use in the world of celebrity. "And when you think about it, she’s not wrong really because she could ride on the crest of a wave of the forthcoming visit from the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge over to Boston in the United States. "That ensures there’s going to be lots of publicity." DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle tells of key moment treatment towards her 'shifted' [REVEALED] Meghan Markle opens up on race struggles in candid Mariah Carey chat [REPORT] ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles [REPORT] The exact date of the book release remains unclear as Page Six reported the memoir could be delayed until 2023 because it is brimming with “truth bombs” that the Duke of Sussex is unsure about publishing. However, the book has already been written, an unnamed source told The Sun. "The manuscript has been finished and gone through all of the legal processes. It’s done and out of Harry’s hands. The publishing date has been pushed back once but it is on track for the end of the year," the source told The Sun. READ NEXT:'Hubris is staggering' Meghan blasted over Mandela comparison‘Doesn’t do herself any favours’ Russell Myers blasts Meghan Markle'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and HarryAussie TV host lashes out in furious rant at Meghan Markle 'A tosser'Meghan recalls EXACT moment she and Harry chose to leave UK