Tottenham could soon welcome Destiny Udogie to north London with the Udinese star reportedly due to arrive in England on Sunday evening. Antonio Conte is thought to 'love' the flying wing-back whose move could be sewn up next week, with his medical already pencilled in. Spurs have welcomed six new faces this summer but the opportunity to pounce on a player for the future seemingly proved too tempting to pass up. Udogie, still just 19, was a regular in Serie A last season and notched nine goal contributions from 35 matches. He has been on Tottenham's radar for some time, but transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims that the deal could finally be sealed with the player jetting to London on Sunday evening. Conte is supposedly 'in love' with Udogie's football ability and made him a priority target before the end of the transfer window. The teenager is due to undergo his medical early next week and, although he is certainly a player for fans to get excited about, he is poised to return to Udinese on loan and join up with Conte permanently in 2023. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte gives shifty interview after scuffle with Thomas Tuchel The left wing-back should still have plenty of competition in 12 months' time, however, with Ryan Sessegnon and Ivan Perisic currently battling it out for the starting spot. So fierce is the contest that Sergio Reguilon, who has spells with Real Madrid and Sevilla on his CV, can't make the matchday squad. Conte and transfer chief Fabio Paratici will have to put an emotional clash with Chelsea behind them before finalising Udogie's long-awaited switch. The boss was caught up in a fiery melee with Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel both during and after Sunday's game as they were each shown a straight red card. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe throws strop on pitch as Lionel Messi favoured by PSG team-mate An entertaining affair at Stamford Bridge saw Kalidou Koulibaly open the scoring with a superbly-struck volley, but the celebrations after Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg's equaliser prompted the first skirmish between the managers. Reece James restored Chelsea's lead with just over 10 minutes to play but talisman Harry Kane popped up with a late header to spark bedlam in the away end. Both managers were quizzed on the fiery nature of the contest after the final whistle and while Conte was keen to keep questions strictly on the football, Tuchel was happy to discuss the events that led up to their frosty handshake and antics that allegedly continued in the tunnel. "I thought when we shake hands you looked in each other eyes, but Antonio had a different opinion," he explained to Sky Sports. "It's the game. It's the Premier League. You love it, no? And we love it. We are emotional coaches and that's it. "It's between a football match. It's between men, it's between two competitors and nothing happened. He was emotional. He was happy when they equalised. It then got a bit heated, but nothing big. We both got a red card. I think it was not necessary but a lot of things were not necessary. Another poor decision from the ref today."