The original very first episode of HBO's Game of Thrones shocked audiences when it revealed Cersei and Jaime Lannister's sibling bond was also sexual. Since then, we have become rather numbed to the subject. There were the horrors of Craster and his horde of daughter wives (and discarded male babies), the ongoing complexity and twisted love of the golden Lannister pair and then the introduction of the central issue of Targaryen institutionalised incest as well as further disturbingly close family unions. Let's not forget that Daenerys was also Jon Snow's (aka Aegon Targaryen) aunt as they tumbled into bed. Martin was very clear about what inspired this central plot point and also why it was necessary for the dragon-riding rulers of Westeros. The central drama of Game of Thrones (and the Song of Ice and Fire books) was rooted in the events surrounding the collapse of the Targaryen dynasty. King Aerys II Targaryen, the Mad King, had (as was still customary among his family) married his own sister, Queen Rhaella Targaryen. Their three children, Rhaegar, Viserys, and Daenerys, were products of incest. In the books, Daenerys had a narroiw excape from her creepy brother (and potential future husband) Viserys, but still has Jon (Aegon) on the horizon PLUS a mysterious possible Targaryen who might be Jon's half-brother (also called Aegon). Similarly, House of the Dragon picks up with the reign of Viserys I (Paddy Considine). He is also the product of incest. His parents Baelon and Alyssa Targaryen were siblings, themselves the children of incestuous rulers Jaehaerys I and his sister Alyssane. Viserys then married Aemma Arryn, who was also his first cousin, the daughter of his aunt Daella Targaryen. Martin said: "The Targaryens have heavily interbred, like the Ptolemys of Egypt. As any horse or dog breeder can tell you, interbreeding accentuates both flaws and virtues, and pushes a lineage toward the extremes. Also, there's sometimes a fine line between madness and greatness..." History buffs will know that the ancient Egyptian royals made Westerosi family feuds look like child play. Every succession was the result of brutal machinations and bloodbaths between all the eligible family members. The Egyptians had also followed the practice of incestuous marriages continuously since the union of Ptolemy II and his sister Arsinoe II, who were also declared living Sibling Gods. Generations later, Cleopatra was co-ruler with her brother Ptolemy VIII and then when they went to war with each other and he died fleeing a battle on the Nile, she married her 12-year-old brother Ptolemy IX. The Ptolemy's intermarried to preserve the purity of a bloodline which they wanted their subjects to believe was divine and could not be sullied by lesser mortals. Cersei famously defended her own relationship with her twin as follows: "The Targaryens wed brothers and sisters for three hundred years to keep bloodlines pure. Jaime and I are more than brother and sister, we shared a womb, came into this world together, we belong together." Except that she wasn't comparing her situation to the Targaryens, simply the fact that it had been tolerated by the other noble families, as well as very unwillingly by the Faith. Cersei and Jaime's union was based on a twisted, intensely obsessive love. The Targaryen practice was very different. The Targaryens had arrived in Westeros after Lord Aenar Targaryen's daughter, Daenys the Dreamer, had a powerful prophetic vision that their homeland, Valyria, would soon be consumed in a fiery cataclysm. Aenar moved his entire family and settled on the island of Dragonstone. They had been a minor noble family in Valyria, one of forty dragonriding houses. But when it was destroyed twelve years later, they suddenly became the only lineage in the known world who could control and ride dragons. The practice of incestuous, dynastic marriages had also been widely practiced back in Valyria – for one of the two fundamental reasons that the Targaryens then continued with it. Dragons would choose their riders, but only ever from those with enough Valyrian blood. It was of overwhelming importance for the dynasty to maintain the purity of bloodlines to ensure their control of the mighty creatures who were their absolute guarantee of power in Westeros. The Targaryen's were outsiders on the continent, a small house in a vast land with its own history stretching back thousands of years. Dragons were the primary way they were able to rule from the Iron Throne over powerful entrenched houses who had previously regarded themselves as sovereign. In fact, the incest itself sparked a religious uprising that almost toppled the dynasty after the death of the first king, Aegon the Conqueror. He had been married to both his sisters, Visenya and Rhaenys. The Faith mobilised the Faith Militant to rise up against their son Aenys taking the throne as a sacriligious product of incest. The ensuing war raged across the continent, and dragons were the deciding factor that kept the Targaryens on the throne.  There was also a second reason for the intermarrying. Rather like the Ptolemys, the Targaryens believed themselves to be superior to all others. They rarely polluted their bloodlines with other houses, unless there was no Targaryen candidate. When they did, it was often with houses that had already had Targaryen blood mingled in. House Baratheon was actually founded by Orys, the bastard brother of Aegon the Conqueror. There were also frequent Martell marriages that strengthened the ties between the families, all the way to Rhaegar's ill-fated union with Elia Martell. There were also marriages with House Velaryon on Driftmark, next to Dragonstone. It was actually the only other house which survived the Doom of Valyria, although they did not have a bloodline that could control dragons. As well as the need to control dragons and maintain their 'superior' bloodline, the Targaryens were also very aware that their blood was the last of a very great but utterly destroyed empire. Once it was diluted too far, that direct line back to Valyria would be gone forever. House of the Dragon is on Sky Atlantic and NOW.