We know the reach of both its intelligence and security services is long and the regime's record on hunting down those who oppose it speaks for itself. And we should have known that the shadow of the Fatwa originally imposed upon the noted author of the Satanic Verses in 1989 could never be escaped.  Only last week it emerged the regime placed a £250,000 bounty on the head of formerWhite House national security adviser John Bolton, architect of Donald Trump's "maximum pressure" strategy on Iran, and former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. In May, Israel revealed an Iranian plot to assassinate a US general in Germany, a French journalist and an Israeli diplomat in Istanbul. While the regime, whose supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, took the unusual step of extending his predecessor's Fatwa in 2005 (despite government assurances it would not be executed) remains quiet, its mouthpieces speak for it. Sources close to Khamenei last night claimed the 83-year-old said the Fatwa was "fired like a bullet that won't rest until it hits its target". Sir Salman has been no stranger to assassination attempts since the SatanicVerses was published in 1988. The tomb of 21-year-old Lebanese Mustafa Mahmoud Mazeh, who blew himself up in a London hotel room in 1989 while making a book bomb believed to be intended for the writer, has pride of place inTehran's Behesht Zahra cemetery. It bears the inscription: "The first martyr to die on a mission to kill Salman Rushdie." Having unsuccessfully tried to renounce the novel (an act which, according to friend and former Daily Express foreign correspondent Christopher Hitchins, made him "physically sick") the author tired of self imposed exile and re-emerged in 2012, proclaiming: "The only way you can defeat it is by deciding not to be afraid."  The plots have continued. In 2012 he revealed that "paid assassins from the Mumbai underworld may be on their way to Jaipur to 'eliminate' me". In 2016, it was announced that money had been raised to add to the original £2.6million bounty on his head. Sir Salman claimed to receive "Valentine cards" from the regime on February 14 every year, the date when the original Fatwa was invoked. His literary associates have been targeted, too, including Norwegian publisherWilliam Nygaard, shot and seriously injured outside his Oslo home in 1993; translators Hitoshi Igarashi, who was stabbed to death, and Ettore Capriolo who was seriously injured in another knife attack. Just hours before he was attacked, Sir Salman wrote to Suzanne Nossel, of free expression organisation Pen America, to help with placements for Ukrainian writers in need of safe refuge from the grave perils they face. It was a knife which Hadi Matar used to stab the author in the neck and abdomen on Friday, as he prepared to deliver a speech at the Chautauqua Institution in NewYork State. That Iran's repellent activities won't stop while it is led by fundamentalist ideologues was laid bare in a chilling message published last night by a group with close ties to its security service. "The order was carried out at a place they never thought about. "It's not important if he doesn't die; it's important that they understand the battle is not over." 