Emma Stanworth volunteers at a food bank that operates from a community centre in Walthamstow, as part of the Rukhsana Khan Foundation. The food bank has hugely increased its capacity since the coronavirus pandemic, from serving 30 families to now helping around 120 families. Emma said there has been a big increase in people using the food bank despite being in work. She said: “There’s definitely been an increase. Working parents where both parents are working but their salaries don’t cover their food expenditure. “We were chatting to some people who came and several of them said that they have no food left in the house. “That’s very worrying.” The volunteers provide food to people who come and also put together parcels which are delivered to people who can’t leave their homes. READ MORE: Millions of retirees 'trembling with anxiety’ - energy price cap soars They try to give everyone a balanced mix of staple foods, including rice, pasta, UHT milk, toilet paper, tea and coffee, tinned goods, fresh produce and bread. Figures from Trust for London showed that 47.4 percent of children living in Waltham Forest were in poverty. One in 10 households had less than £30 left after paying for rent, bills and food. Emma said: “The thing about food banks is they’re not the solution. People don’t use food banks because they’re having an emergency for a couple of weeks, it’s because their income isn’t enough. “That problem is not going to go away if they use the food bank for a few weeks. DON'T MISSNS&I releases new savings offer with three percent interest rate [UPDATE]State pension age feared to rise to 70 and above - ‘working longer' [INSIGHT]‘Going back to WW2 rationing!’ Pensioners call for support [LATEST] “It’s long term support. We need societal change, the problem is much bigger.” Waltham Forest Council recently passed an emergency motion to provide relief to poor families in the area. This included providing £250 vouchers to low income residents struggling to pay for food and energy bills. People need a referral to use the food bank but the group is relaunching a supper club, providing hot meals for anyone who turns up. The volunteers take donations from generous individuals and they also collect food from supermarkets. READ MORE: Brace yourselves we're in a mess and price cap just made it much worse Emma encouraged people to drop off a donation at their local supermarket. She said: “We do collect all the donations from those boxes in supermarkets. “Sometimes I think that people might be a bit sceptical as to whether that food actually ends up going to a food bank or not, or if it just goes in the landfill. “It does really help us, and it would be great if people could donate more to them.” The foundation is trying to set up a scheme to help people with their energy bills, providing vouchers to go towards bills. Emma said they get families of all ages, including lots of babies and toddlers, with nappies and baby food in high demand. She said that volunteering with the food bank has been a great experience for her. Emma said: “I’ve been volunteering for three or four years. I moved into Walthamstow about five years ago. “I wanted to be more part of the community and help give back a bit, and not just be one of those Londoners who works in the city and doesn’t actually know the area that they live in. “I’ve got really great friends here who volunteer. “It helps you get to know the area better and feel like you’re part of it.” People can donate to the Rukhsana Khan Foundation on the group’s website.