The Sandman is still holding the top spot on Netflix and the fantasy drama will be releasing some bonus episodes. The Neil Gaiman adaptation went down a huge it with fans of the original comics and viewers particularly enjoyed The Corinthian (played by Boyd Holbrook). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the character's origins and what his name could mean. The Corinthian was introduced in one of the early episodes of The Sandman as a nightmare entering the waking world. He wanted to roam free in the real world and was not afraid to murder innocent people to demonstrate his power. His devilish charm caught the attention of viewers and he quickly became a fan-favourite character. According to creator Gaiman, The Corinthian is an old term for a scoundrel or troublemaker. The escaped nightmare from The Dreaming, with rows of teeth for eyes, became a serial killer in the waking world. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist With this in mind, the supposed origins of his name are very fitting. However, there are other definitions for the unusual name which add to the mystery. Corinthian may refer to a specific grade of leather, a Roman city or a book of the Bible. The First Epistle to the Corinthians is one of the Pauline epistles, part of the New Testament of the Bible. There are a number of biblical references in the series, so this comes as no surprise. In the series, the Corinthian acts as a mirror to humanity, reflecting people's dark truths. One of his most disturbing powers is holding the eyes of his victims to see the last thing they saw before they died. There is no reason why he kills so many people, as he seemingly does it for fun. The Corinthian has never had eyes himself and instead wears dark glasses to disguise his true form. Actor Boyd Holbrook opened up about how he was not a fan of the glasses at first. DON'T MISS... Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family [INSIGHT] Who is The Corinthian in The Sandman? [EXPLAINER] Roger Allam The Sandman: Who does the Endeavour star play? [INSIGHT] Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press he said: "It's really one thing that was offputting to me about the character. "I kept having conversations with Allan Heinberg [screenwriter] about how is this going to work. "Acting is in the eyes, all that stuff. I was like, 'is this really going to come across?'" As he had worn sunglasses in a previous film, Allan felt Boyd was experienced enough. But as he was shooting during the coronavirus pandemic he did not have a chance to try out the glasses. He said: "You are kind of rushed from one hazmat suit to another and I just put the glasses on for the first time and they were more black than normal. "I totally forgot all my lines, the whole scene I couldn't remember anything." Thankfully after his momentary panic, he fully embraced the character and learned to love the glasses. The Sandman is on Netflix now.