As usual, it shows median pay (what the executive in the middle of the pay distribution gets) and, by everyday standards, it is colossal. At £3.4 million, this figure is over 100 times that of the median UK worker. Given the cost-of-living crisis, surely this is unacceptable? The Government must do something! But hang on. The HPC’s data is always of interest but does not justify yet more state intrusion into privately-owned businesses. Although CEO pay, and the ratio to that of the median workers, have unsurprisingly risen since lockdown, they are considerably below the levels of five years ago. This is largely the result of shareholder activism since FTSE-100 companies were forced to reveal the information. Casual readers of these figures may think of the FTSE-100 companies as "British" companies, which the Government and pressure groups can boss around in response to the latest political whim. In reality, most of these companies are multinational businesses which could be headquartered anywhere; About 75 percent of all their revenue is derived from outside the UK. They are registered in the UK because our company law and broadly favourable investment climate has until now made this a sensible thing to do. This hugely benefits the UK as a financial centre, and boosts both employment and tax revenue. But this could easily alter if the Government, which has already greatly increased company regulation over the last decade, wades in with further controls. FTSE companies are under no obligation to stay listed in London. They could go private, or they could choose to be listed on stock exchanges in New York or Frankfurt or a number of other global locations. Employment and tax liability would follow. These companies compete in international markets for goods, services and resources – including top managerial talent. Around 40 percent of FTSE-100 CEOs are foreign nationals and can work in other countries where pay packages are at least as generous, and in some cases much more so. The globalisation of the CEO market echoes that for football or entertainment. Yet nobody questions the pay of a Lewis Hamilton or Ed Sheeran, who do far less for Britain than, say, Tesco’s CEO. Imposing restrictions on CEO pay, or imposing trade union representatives on remuneration committees (as the HPC wishes) or on company boards (as the TUC wishes) would make working, investing and company listing in the UK far less attractive. They might not even work. Germany, for example, has many of the controls which the TUC is looking for, such as worker representatives on boards, but CEO pay is comparable to that in the UK. Inviting union representatives into every business, another demand made in this report, promises to add nothing to the productiveness of UK-based firms, particularly at a time when many unions seem to have reverted to a 1970s-style confrontational position. The last thing we want is people like Mick Lynch and his chums laying down the law in company boardrooms. Professor Len Shackleton is Editorial and Research Fellow at the Institute of Economic Affairs.