Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has admitted that he was ‘wrong’ to believe that his side did not need to sign a midfielder this summer. Questions have been raised about the squad depth in that area of the pitch after a disappointing start to the new campaign. The Reds are winless after their opening three matches of the season, drawing with Fulham and Crystal Palace before suffering a disappointing 2-1 defeat to Manchester United. Klopp was forced to line up with a midfield trio of Harvey Elliott, James Milner and Jordan Henderson on the night, with the latter two struggling to dictate the match – with Fabinho being benched. Many expected Liverpool to be in the market for a midfielder when the transfer window opened, though Klopp insisted that he was content with his options already. However, injuries to Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Thiago Alcantara and Curtis Jones have highlighted that they are a body short in the centre of the park. Speaking ahead of the Reds’ match against Bournemouth, the manager said: “I know we have had this discussion since it all started and I am the one who said we don’t need a midfielder and you were all right and I was wrong. That’s the situation. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta burns bridges with Aubameyang as Chelsea transfer edges closer “But the specific point doesn’t change – we will do something but it has to be the right one. We are looking for it and if it is the right player we need him and if it is not the right player we don’t need him.” The Reds have been linked with several midfielders over the past few months, though the general consensus has been that the club will wait until next summer to pursue Jude Bellingham of Borussia Dortmund. The Bundesliga outfit are not willing to sell the England international this summer given that they have already lost Erling Haaland to Manchester City. Bellingham is reportedly seen as a long-term option in midfield by the Reds, though plenty of competition is certain to arrive for the 19-year-old once next summer comes around – barring a twist over the coming days. Real Madrid have also been linked with the former Birmingham City star, and their sale of Casemiro to Manchester United could prove as a key incentive to push for the playmaker. Brighton star Moises Caicedo has also been cited as a target at Anfield, though the Seagulls are not willing to entertain offers for the Ecuador international. The Seagulls have sold Yves Bissouma, Marc Cucurella and Neal Maupay this summer so are in no urgency to raise funds. It remains to be seen whether either of the aforementioned players are targeted with time running out in the transfer window, or if Klopp’s plea falls on deaf ears.