Tara Farmer is a skin expert and founder of Flawless Advanced Skincare. The company often shares its top skin hacks on social media, revealing which products are best for which skin types, what one should do if they have acne, why SPF is so important for the skin, and more. Tara spoke to Express.co.uk to claim how anyone with any skin type, be it oily or dry, spotty or smooth, can look younger in just a few days. It goes without saying that washing the face every morning and night can help to keep the skin flawless, but Tara recommended double cleansing. “It’s important to always double cleanse the neck along with the face,” she said. “The skin on the neck often gets neglected and this can quickly age the neck area.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says Moisturising and massaging the neck can also work wonders, especially before and after sleeping. Tara continued: “Moisturise the neck and décolleté area with a richer cream offering firming and lifting benefits, and do this using firm pressure and upward strokes towards the jawline all the way across the neck and décolleté areas, especially before and after sleeping – as side sleeping will increase lines over the décolleté area. “Incorporating the lifting and firming massage technique every time you apply products including cleansing will hugely improve the lymphatic drainage in these areas which ensures proper blood flow to the skin, increasing nutrients and giving the skin that youthful glow. “Increasing the moisture levels utilising a richer neck cream will immediately improve the skin’s texture and elasticity, while the massage gives the added bonus of lifting and smoothing this area.” DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] While using the moisturiser, it is best to apply it to the base of the neck up to the jawline, which helps stimulate upward direction and prevents more pulling down. Tara went on to highlight the importance of SPF, saying: “You must remember to use SPF50 on the neck and décolleté areas – these areas are often missed as the face is commonly cared for in terms of UV protection. “But it is vital to use SPF50 on the neck and décolleté too, to avoid uneven skin tone, sun spots and premature ageing.” Tara recommended “wearing a wide brimmed sun hat on holiday is to protect these areas”. READ MORE: Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language “If it’s a smaller hat it might only cover the forehead and you’ll be exposing the rest of your face and the delicate neck area,” Tara added. Using a one percent retinol two to three times per week on these areas, as well as the face, can also help one look younger, according to the skin expert. “It’s clinically proven to induce collagen production in the skin which in turn improves skin’s elasticity and structure, reducing any tell-tale signs of ageing.” Increasing water intake and doing yoga focused on the upper body and the face will also improve blood flow and lymphatic drainage, Tara said. Lastly, the skincare expert recommended using “a topical pure strength Vitamin C in your morning routine from spring through to autumn”. “This is because without sufficient vitamin C, the skin cannot make new collagen, fight oxidants and free radicals, and the skin becomes more susceptible to sun damage, premature ageing, brown spots and skin cancer,” Tara said. She added: “Adding more vitamin C to your diet is always a good idea but, the skin is always the last to receive this form of vitamin C and therefore it’s never enough to support the synthesis of new collagen and the dissolving of free radicals in the skin. “Once free radicals begin to build up in the skin the effects are everlasting and include: wasting of collagen, premature ageing, over production of melanin causing sun spots to appear, wasting of the skin’s own support mechanism to protect itself from cancer caused by UV damage.”