Today marks the 71st birthday of Queen bassist John Deacon, who retired from the music business 25 years ago in 1997. His former bandmates Brian May and Roger Taylor, who are still performing as the group with Adam Lambert on vocals, paid tribute to the legend on Instagram. Brian, an enthusiast of stereoscopy, posted a 3D double image of Deacon in his heyday. The 75-year-old captioned the post: “Happy Birthday Deacy !!! Here we celebrate the amazingly great John Deacon’s birthday in stereo. "This flawless conversion to 3-D was completed just last night by our dear pal and collaborator Sarah Falk, aka @blueprintblues. "Looking at this capture of Deacon in full flight - in stereo - makes those glory days seems so close I could touch them. Hope you have a great day John. Bri.” Roger Taylor, 73, also joined in the celebrations by putting up a snap of himself with Deacon during Queen’s years together, captioned: “Happy Birthday JD”. Express.co.uk has previously spoken with Brian and Roger about when they last saw Deacon, who took Freddie Mercury's death really hard, and their business relationship with the bassist today as a fellow member of the Queen family. The Queen drummer said: “No we don’t actually [stay in touch]. John has sort of consciously excluded himself from the world. "He doesn’t like engaging in contact with anybody I think. I think he’s very fragile and we respect that. Although he’s still obviously our sort of business partner in a way; our silent business partner. He enjoys the financial rewards, but he really doesn’t want anything to do with the music industry anymore. I don’t think he feels he wants to handle it and all the stuff that goes with it. So no we don’t keep in touch actually.” READ MORE: John Deacon last Queen show: ‘Traumatised by losing Freddie Mercury’ Roger shared that he remembers the last time he saw Deacon in person was in the bar at the We Will Rock You musical around 2004 As for Brian, he admitted: “We’re not [in touch], it’s John’s choice. He doesn’t want to be [involved], he wants to be left alone. That’s his choice and I think he needs that.” The Queen guitarist said how the bassist hasn’t withdrawn out of spite or anything, as apparently the band never fell out. He continued: “It’s just that he needs to have his privacy; you have to respect that. All I know is, he’s okay about it. If he wasn’t okay, we would know. That’s the arrangement we have. No matter what kind of decision it is, artistic or business-wise, money-wise, management-wise, we always run things past John.” DON'T MISSQueen and Adam Lambert concert review: Unbelievably entertaining [REVIEW]Bohemian Rhapsody 2: Brian May 'excited' by Freddie sequel ideas [BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY 2]Freddie Mercury presence felt and consulted by Brian May on last album [FREDDIE MERCURY] Brian revealed how their deal is that if they don’t hear back from Deacon then he’s agreed to their decision. The 75-year-old said: “If we do hear back he’ll have some strong opinion and we’ll take notice. So he’s very much part of the team, he’s just a quiet part of the team – which in a sense, he always was, to be honest. He’s quiet until that moment that he really speaks up and then you have to listen.” Asked if the retired star often communicates back with a disagreement, the Queen guitarist admitted he does every now and then. Brian added: “Occasionally, yeah, occasionally because it’s a very tightly knit family, the Queen family. And that includes Freddie’s estate; we’re still very much bound up the four of us and that can’t really change.”