As energy prices continue to soar, school authorities are reportedly considering shortening the school week in order to drastically save on heating costs. The news comes as the UK saw the energy price cap shoot up to £3,549, with further rises anticipated in January and April that could top an eye-watering £6,000. Schools are faced with rampant energy costs in addition to threats of widespread teacher walkouts but Isabel Webster hit back at the proposal questioning the impact a three-day week would have on education.    Speaking on GB News, journalist and author Ella Whelan said: “The suggestion in The Guardian is that some people are saying schools will have to go down to three or four days a week in order to cut costs.” GB News host Isabel Webster reeled over the suggestion: “Just what we need.” Ms Whelan agreed: “It’s just the last thing you want in terms of being able to survive.” Teacher pay rises are set to be awarded in September, just before the new energy price cap kicks in for October and the temperature begins to plummet as the freezing winter months loom.    Ms Whelan expressed her frustration that the political focus had been drawn to the Conservative leadership contest over the summer months rather than the clear threat posed by the rising cost of living. She said: “It’s very dispiriting when every day the headlines are getting worse and worse about what the impact of this cost of living crisis is. Our government-in-waiting is still a government-in-waiting.” GB News host Eamonn Holmes clarified: “What you’re saying is you don’t believe they have a clue what they’re going to do about this?” Ms Whelan replied: “I think if there was any kind of significant plan for both the short term and the long term for an energy crisis we would have heard it by now because it would have been a vote winner.” Read more: State pensioners may be left with just £11 a day in energy bills shock The panellest added: “It’s probably me being cynical, but I think there is a lot of shuffling papers and panic behind the scenes and not much else.” Tory leadership candidate Rishi Sunak has pledged to ease fuel costs by slashing VAT on domestic energy bills. His rival, Liz Truss, has said she would put money back in people’s pockets by introducing a series of tax cuts, including a reversal of the 1.25 percent hike in national insurance. However, both leadership hopefuls have faced criticism over the campaign period for failing to recognise the impact of soaring energy prices on businesses and public sector industry. Don't miss: Britain to face recession until 2024 [ANALYSIS]Energy price cap: What is it, how does it work, and what does it me? [EXPLAINED]Basic state pension shock - pays £324 LESS than average energy bill [REVEAL] The South Gloucestershire school trust revealed that one of its 11 schools was quoted a 414 percent increase in their current annual energy costs, from £38,000 to £196,000. Schools have been left especially vulnerable to the rise in energy bills as they are not protected by the energy cap used for household bills. Education Secretary James Cleverly has spoken out in support of Liz Truss in the Tory leadership campaign. Mr Cleverly said: “Liz has pledged to take action to support those hardest hit by these fuel cost increases.” Read next: Energy saving tip: 'Really easy' change could save Brits £45 a year Proof Liz Truss is on right track with the economy - EXPRESS COMMENTVine caller erupts at Boris' package of support as energy crisis loomsEnergy bills: What is nationalisation? Energy crisis: Pensioner admits visiting galleries just to stay warm