Walls are often neglected when it comes to household cleaning, but these large surfaces can harbour more dirt, grime, and odours than you think. Whether you’re looking to blitz your home or are preparing to add a fresh coat of paint, washing walls is essential to get the best results - so how can you do it quickly? According to one TikTok user, all you need is baking soda, disinfectant liquid and a paint roller to quickly clean an entire room. Here’s how to do it. Grubby walls can leave your home looking dirty and in some cases, leave it smelling unpleasant. While removing odours from smoke and cooking may seem like a chore, one TikTok account has shared a clever cleansing hack to speed up the process. Instead of spending hours scrubbing painted walls with sugar soap and water, the social media user showed her followers that a clean paint roller is much more efficient. READ MORE: Britons warned against vinegar cleaning chore in summer To make the cleansing liquid which banishes grime and odours, the user who goes by the name of @tanyahomeinspo, mixed together a pink disinfectant product and a generous spoonful of baking soda. Any disinfectant product would work as long as it is in liquid form. Simply pour enough to fill a large bowl and add in a few heaped scoops of baking soda. Mix the cleansing ingredients together and leave a clean paint roller to soak in the bowl for a few seconds. Once the fluffy roller is saturated with the baking soda cleanser, squeeze the excess from the material to avoid making the walls too wet. Roll over the wall in the same motion as if you were painting the surface and watch the grime melt away. Speaking to her followers in the viral video, @tanyahomeinspo described the hack as one "you'll wish you knew sooner". Several other TikTok accounts have also praised the speedy trend, with some putting their own spin on the original method. To spot treat stubborn stains, another user named @jazzybabycs recommended using the same ingredients to make a thick paste. DON'T MISS:How to stop house flies invading your home using common herb - 'easy' [INSIGHT]'Hack' to clean glass and mirrors without using chemicals [REVEAL]How to clean tarnished jewellery - quick tips to fix chlorine damage [ANALYSIS] The social media user demonstrated the quick hack on a dirty wall in her children’s play room. She mixed together baking soda and disinfectant until the products formed a thick, exfoliating paste, before scrubbing the grubby marks away. Instead of using a paint roller, the TikTok account used a yellow sponge to target the stains. While baking soda is a coarse ingredient, the small granules are still gentle enough to keep painted surfaces intact. Painted surfaces are often easy to wipe clean but it isn’t always as simple to remove stains from wallpaper. Sponging the paper down with water and baking soda can often be too harsh and could cause long-lasting damage. According to Good Housekeeping, the best way to clean wallpapered walls is to mix distilled white vinegar with fresh water. This method works best with warm water and a clean cloth rather than saturating the paper with a wet sponge.