Chelsea are 'confident' of signing Wesley Fofana from Leicester as they prepare to return with a third offer for the Frenchman, according to reports. The Blues are showing huge ambition in the transfer market under new owner Todd Boehly having already spent upwards of £170million and more new recruits are expected to follow in due course. Fofana has slowly made his way towards the top of Thomas Tuchel's transfer shortlist and Chelsea are ready to splash big money to sign him. They opened the bidding with a rejected proposal worth £63m before returning to the table with a bid of £70m. Leicester remain adamant their central defender is not for sale but there's a sense £80m could change their stance. According to CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs, Chelsea are prepared to try again with a third offer and there's confidence this time, it will be enough. READ MORE: Man Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer considered Fofana wants to make the switch to London, even though he is expected to start for Leicester on Sunday in their Premier League opener against Brentford. In midweek, the 21-year-old removed Leicester from his Twitter bio, in what many believed was a clue he wanted out of the King Power Stadium. Speaking on Friday, Rodgers admitted that Leicester had rebuffed Chelsea's opening offer for the Frenchman, one that came nowhere near to their valuation of the player. “There's been an offer to the club, but nowhere near the valuation of our ownership. We didn't even think about it," he said. READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea 'open Frenkie de Jong transfer talks' with Barcelona after £72m Man Utd agreementChelsea prepared to test Leicester resolve with second Wesley Fofana transfer bid “The club know the value of what they have, and any player that leaves here, they will always want the top valuation on that player. That's only natural, but historically, Leicester have done that very well.” Chelsea may have to pay a world-record fee for a defender in order to get a deal for Fofana over the line. The current record is held by Harry Maguire following his £80m move to Manchester United from Leicester in the summer of 2019. Fofana is said to believe he would stand a better chance of making France's World Cup squad should he move to Stamford Bridge. He also has aspirations of playing Champions League football, something that is not currently on offer in the East Midlands. Chelsea do have alternative targets on their radar including Milan Skriniar and Benjamin Pavard but they are focused on landing Fofana, who they believe is attainable. He would slot seamlessly into Chelsea's back-four alongside Kalidou Koulibaly and Thiago Silva, to form arguably the best defence in world football. The Blues have already shown they are prepared to spend big in order to land key targets for Tuchel after forking out a whopping £62m to sign Marc Cucurella from Brighton.