Season one of the thrilling drama ended with the shooting of Detective Howard (Omar Epps). Although Kanan (Mekai Curtis) pulled the trigger, he had worn Unique’s trademark jacket to ensure witnesses would place him at the scene of the crime. However, when the show returned Unique was in jail and soon discovered all his charges had been dropped due to lack of evidence. The ploy was set up by Kanan’s mother Raq who wanted to send Unique away so she could dominate the streets with her drug dealing.   She and Unique had been long been rivals but were civil and often came to agreements. This changed when Kanan shot and killed Unique's crew member and since then he had been out for blood. During the episode, Mind Your Business, Unique returned to the streets to discover his crew had completely abandoned him due to police attention. Although he proclaimed his innocence and stated he didn’t shoot the officer, Unique soon realised he had nothing left. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist  Whereas, his rival Raq had broadened her drug distribution to a new location and was taking in more cash since Unique was out of business. As a result, fans believe the drug dealer will seek brutal revenge against Raq and her family when he discovers they were the masterminds behind his arrest. Viewers took to Twitter with excitement about the coming episodes to see how far Unique would go. @evolve2exist stated: ”S**t is about to get goooood, they got Unique out here looking desperate and hungry. A recipe for dismay! I’m excited.” (sic)  Whereas, his rival Raq had broadened her drug distribution to a new location and was taking in more cash since Unique was out of business. As a result, fans believe the drug dealer will seek brutal revenge against Raq and her family when he discovers they were the masterminds behind his arrest. Viewers took to Twitter with excitement about the coming episodes to see how far Unique would go. @evolve2exist stated: ”S**t is about to get goooood, they got Unique out here looking desperate and hungry. A recipe for dismay! I’m excited.” (sic) DON'T MISS...NCIS fans in meltdown as star confirms Ducky's season 20 return [INSIGHT]Raising Kanan's Raq star speaks out on character's fate [INSIGHT]Raising Kanan's London Brown teases 'reverse' dynamic for Marvin [INSIGHT] A second fan @mrsemcneal predicted: “Unique is about to go ham on everybody now, since they are all turning their backs on him!” @MandyPooh20 added: “Unique bout to go crazy!!!!” @SimplyJJoseph tweeted: “My boy Unique gonna cause hell.” An insightful @SheaButtaBaddie anticipated: “Almost time to see Unique and Raq go to war.”    While @Detrakz1predicited: “My prediction is that Unique is going to rob Raq’s stash @ that store.” With the expansion of her business, Raq began storing her excess cash and drugs in the stock room of a corner store. If Unique robs the queenpin, this will undoubtedly set off a dangerous chain of events which could lead to a shocking death. As he is desperate to regain his power and restore his respect, Unique could potentially kill Raq to recover everything he lost.  Power Book III: Raising Kanan is available on Starz in the US and Starzplay in the UK 