The Poldark star said the cast of the upcoming ITV drama The Suspect made the show "feel truthful" and labelled them all "strong actors". The thriller in which Aidan stars as Dr Joe O'Loughlin who finds himself wrapped up in a murder investigation shortly after being hailed as a hero, features a central cast that worked closely with Aidan in his role as the mysterious protagonist. Starring alongside the Irish actor is Adam James, who plays Joe's friend Jack Owens, Camilla Beeput as Joe's wife Julianne O'Loughlin, Shaun Parkes as DI Vincent Ruiz and Anjli Mohindra as DS Riya Devi. Talking about the series and the cast, Aidan said: "We all just got on. "They’re all such strong actors. Anjli and Shaun worked really well together. "In the scenes we’re in, the three of us bounce off each other. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit "It felt truthful and real. Adam is great. He’s got so much charisma and is perfect as Jack. And Camilla Beeput too." The actors play key roles in unravelling the truth about Joe's past while the audience is left questioning whether he is really a "good" or "bad" person. The show's official synopsis reads: "Turner plays Doctor Joe O’Loughlin who appears to have a perfect life with a devoted wife, loving daughter, successful practice as a criminal psychologist, media profile and publishing deal. "When a young woman is found dead he is only too willing to offer help with his profiling and expertise. "But as the investigation into the woman’s death gathers pace, we start to ask, do we know the real Joe, or does he have a secret life?" The five-part drama is backed by Line of Duty, Vigil and The Pembrokeshire Murders producers, while filming was overseen by executive producer and World Productions’ Head of Drama, Jake Lushington. The opening episode introduces Joe's character but also jumps straight into the tragic incident that sparks the investigation. Aidan also talked about some of his preparation for the role, including meeting a Parkinson's sufferer to understand what Joe might be going through. DON'T MISS... Aidan Turner details scary The Suspect stunt [EXCLUSIVE]ACGAS Nicholas Ralph talks James Herriot 'Growing up' on show [LATEST]Rylan hits back at claims he 'doesn't understand' bills crisis [VIDEO] "When we meet Joe, he has just been diagnosed with Parkinson's," the actor explained. "So, you wonder if what’s going on with him is part of the condition. "Has he been really thrown by the diagnosis and that’s why he’s making these decisions? "Or is it a veil to cover something else? I met a musician called Drew Hallam who was diagnosed with early onset Parkinson’s around five years ago when he was 35. "We met a few times to talk about how he deals with the condition and copes with it. "We also spoke about how it was for him in the early stages. "Something struck me in one of the early conversations we had when he said how difficult it was when you’re young with this condition. "He said there are support groups, but Parkinson’s doesn’t generally affect younger people. "Drew went to one of these support groups early on and he was the youngest person there." The Suspect starts on Monday at 9pm on ITV. 