The mercury will hover around the mid-20Cs in the south and early-20Cs throughout much of this week according to the latest mpas from Netweather, with several areas enjoying glorious sunshine. Maximum temperatures will hit their peak on Wednesday, with 28C in many southern regions of England and the possibility of reaching 30C in several other surrounding areas. This trend will continue leading up to the weekend, with heat peaking at 27C in the south on Friday and just a few degrees lower across the Midlands, East Anglia, and eastern coast of England. On Saturday, maximum temperatures remain around the mid-20s in southern parts of England and 23C in the far South West and through a region of the North West. Next Sunday, the August heat will quickly spread throughout much of the UK, with the mercury peaking at 25C in parts of the south, with 24C in the Midlands, North West and North East. Wales could bask in highs of 24C, with the heat also spreading to Scotland and Northern Ireland, where temperatures could jump as high as 23C. But on Sunday September 3, the heat dramatically surges, as millions of Britons will be hit by a blast of scorching air, with the heatwave that has dominated throughout much of this summer threatening a comeback. The weather maps turn blood red as the forecast shows the mercury could surge to as high as 32C in a region of East Anglia, and above 30C in several surrounding areas. The North West and North East could also bask in 27C heat, with a high of 24C showing in an area of southern Scotland. Looking ahead for the period from August 26 until September 4, the Met Office has forecast "fine and dry weather for most places". A northwest/southeast temperature split may also develop, with the latter becoming "very warm and perhaps feeling humid". READ MORE: Mum 'in tears' as neighbour row cuts off her back garden access Fine and dry weather will prevail or many throughout the UK, with temperatures "generally warm or locally very warm in the south". The Met Office said: "After an unsettled week, settled conditions are expected to spread over the UK during this period, bringing fine and dry weather to most places. "Some light showers are likely in the north and northwest, and further thundery showers are also possible across the south and southeast in the early part of the period. "A northwest/southeast temperature split may also develop, where cooler air will characterise the north, with the south becoming very warm and perhaps feeling humid. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: Irish chief tells Truss to shun 'extreme Euro-scepticism' [BLOG]Couple's car 'caught speeding' in UK as they holiday 1,500 miles away [REPORT]Octopus Energy hands lifeline to millions to save £840 on bills [LATEST] "By the end of this period fine and dry weather is likely to prevail for many, albeit with the odd shower again in the south and northwest. "Light winds are likely with plenty of sunshine, and temperatures generally warm or locally very warm in the south." Brian Gaze from the Weather Outlook said high pressure is likely to become "increasingly dominant" heading into the August Bank Holiday weekend, providing fine weather for much of the UK. Temperatures in southern areas could hit the hiugh-20Cs next weekend and cooler in the north, although the "late in the late August sunshine it would feel pleasantly warm". Mr Gaze told Express.co.uk: "High pressure looks likely to become increasingly dominant as we head into the August bank holiday weekend and that suggests the Bank Holiday weekend could be fine in much of the UK. "There is still uncertainty about exactly where the high pressure area will be centred and that will determine the details of the weather. "Temperatures in the southern half of the UK could reach the upper 20Cs. In the north it is likely to be cooler, but low 20Cs are possible and in the late August sunshine it would feel pleasantly warm."