The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced they will be returning to the UK in a surprise visit next month to look in on "charities close to their heart" in Manchester and London.But Journalist Camilla Long slammed Harry for "whirlybending" for participating in "some sub-Trudeau globalist balls". Comparing the Duke to his younger cousin, Ms Long said Lady Louise is a "true royal rebel- unlike Harry and Meghan".  The couple stood down as senior royals in March 2020 where they were stripped of their royal patronages and honorary military titles. They then relocated across the pond to Montecito in Santa Barbara where they now live with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet who turned one during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Writing in The Sunday Times, Ms Long said Lady Louise is a "modest, likeable young woman", accusing Harry and Meghan of having "no self-awareness whatsoever". She continued: "The problem with all this, of course, is that the current Royal Family spend a huge amount of time emphasising duty, diligence, service, and grace. "While Harry is whirlybirding into Manchester to participate in some sub-Trudeau globalist balls — 'four transformative days of panels' — his cousin, Lady Louise Windsor, has been working in a garden centre for £6.83 an hour, the minimum wage. "What’s interesting is that this modest, likeable young woman, who looks as if she can take or leave being part of the Royal Family, strikes me as much more of a role model than anyone you’d catch around Meghan or at one of her ambitious, empty summits. "As someone who seems happy to simply hold down a job, she is the true royal rebel — unlike Harry and Meghan, who think anything that doesn’t involve a photoshoot is, like, what. What, exactly, do these two stand for, except hair and make-up and a morass of badly expressed ideas that show no self-awareness whatsoever?" The Queen's youngest granddaughter, 18 who is often branded the monarch's "favourite" has mostly grown up away from the spotlight. Last week the teenager received her A-level results before Buckingham Palace announced she would be following in the footsteps of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to attend St Andrews University in Scotland. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen blindsided by Harry's bombshell The Duke of Cambridge enrolled in St Andrews University in 2001 initially studying art history before switching to geography and graduating in 2005. Harry and Meghan will head to Manchester for the One Young World Summit, an event that brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries, on September 5. This will be the first time they have returned to the UK since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations earlier this year when they kept a relatively low profile. They were only part of one official engagement and watched the Trooping the Colour parade in London from a window, while not taking part in the carriage procession. DON'T MISS: 'Meghan is really p***** off' William warned as rift with Sussexes risks new royal crisis'Delusional!' Meghan's White House dream destroyed as she would be 'spectacular failure''Open revolt' Lower-level royals tell Queen what they REALLY think about Harry and Meghan   The Sussexes will then travel to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event on September 6. And they will return to the UK for the WellChild Awards in London on September 8 where Harry will deliver a speech. Their visit falls on a busy time for the Queen as the new prime minister is due to be announced and asked to form a Government by the Monarch. While no private visit to members of the Royal Family has been confirmed, Meghan and Harry have been tipped to stop to see the Queen if her schedule will allow it.