Newcastle are set to submit an opening bid for Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos in the coming days, according to reports in Portugal. The 21-year-old frontman is considered to be among the finest young centre-forwards in Europe with a whole host of clubs said to be in the race for his signature. Paris Saint-Germain have held talks over the signing of Ramos but so far, they are yet to strike a deal with Benfica. PSG are keen to add another striker to their squad in anticipation that Mauro Icardi will move on, having also made an offer for West Ham's new signing Gianluca Scamacca. According to Portuguese journalist Pedro Sepulveda, Newcastle are not ready to make their move for Ramos as the battle for his services intensifies. It's claimed Benfica are ready to do business should they receive an offer worth over £25m, meaning there is scope for Newcastle to get the deal done. READ MORE: Man Utd 'identify new attacking target' after pulling plug on Marko Arnautovic transfer Yet they may not be alone in attempting to entice Benfica into a sale with Wolves and Nottingham Forest among a list lost of other clubs linked with the player. Newcastle are keen to add another striker to their squad after losing Callum Wilson to injury in the final stages of last season. Chris Wood has struggled to replace the frequent goalscoring form he displayed during his time at Burnley since signing for the Magpies in January. That's why Eddie Howe is keen to add some more goals to his ranks, particularly given Wilson's track record with injury problems. READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture after late Brentford comebackTaylor's Transfers: Chelsea work on three signings, Arsenal trio exit talks, West Ham deal Yet the former Bournemouth boss has relayed that Newcastle are shopping carefully this summer in compliance with Financial Fair Play. Not only that but they want to ensure they are bringing in the right acquisitions - players that will improve the current squad both now and in the future. His side got off to the best possible start on Saturday when they comfortably dispatched Nottingham Forest 2-0 in their Premier League opener. Yet with his current squad stacked with options, Newcastle may have to trim down their numbers before naming their final 25-man Premier League roster. When quizzed on whether there had been any movement on outgoings, Howe said on Saturday: "I’m not aware that anything has changed on that front, and I don’t anticipate that to be the case because everyone has been concentrating on the games, and rightly so. "I don’t think today changes anything from my view. My squad is an excellent squad of players. "I love the individuals we have, but I’d like to add some more quality to that if possible." Newcastle also continue to be linked with Lyon's Lucas Paqueta and Stade Rennes winger Kamaldeen Sulemana among other attacking targets.