One man has shared the benefits of of turning off standby mode on certain ‘vampire appliances’. The Reddit user explained that these vampire appliances continue to drain energy -  even when they appear to be turned off. He said that by switching them off at the socket, rather than leaving them idling in standby mode, it can dramatically reduce people’s energy bills. As the cost of living crisis continues, saving money on energy could be vital for families on low incomes fearful for the upcoming months. Recent forecasts from Cornwall Insight have predicted that Ofgem’s price cap could reach above £4,266 a year for gas and electricity from January 2023. The savvy saver estimated that vampire devices were adding £189.43 a year to his household bills. READ MORE: Santander issue warning as pensioners lose £6,000 in devastating scam - 'Deeply saddened' He said this could then climb to £48.46 after the next price cap increase or £60.79 to run while recording. He said: "Sky TV is expensive as it is, but is made even more expensive by the high power consumption of the set-top box. "I had suspected my Q mini box was bad because of how warm it got while in standby, but I didn't expect it to be using more than 9 watts when it's sitting there doing absolutely nothing. Both boxes are now in 'eco' mode." Additionally, he is paying £31.09 per year for his Virgin Media Wi-Fi router however this is set to go up to £52.86 on October price estimations. READ MORE: The 'most successful' Dragons' Den pitch which achieved success 'almost overnight' His microwave was another vampire appliance, costing an estimated £16 a year just to display the clock. This will soon change to £27 when the October price cap comes into force. The Redditor said: "It's worth checking your older appliances - for me, the microwave was an eye-opener . I'm paying £16 a year just to have the thing display '00:00'. "It's now switched off at the wall when not in use." Another unexpected cost was a plug-in air freshener - the device uses up 2.1 watts - a cost of £5.44 a year. The poster said: "Plug-in air fresheners should be banned." As well as this, the Redditor also suggested that using a timer may prevent you paying for power that is not being used. He suggested that people put their broadband router on a timer to cut costs further. Timers work by switching the device off for eight hours a day during the night. Costing around £7 to buy, it would pay for itself within a month from the savings. Cornwall Insights expects the cap to hit £3,582 from October, an increase of £200 on its last forecast. It expects bills to begin easing next summer, to £3,810 in the third quarter and then £3,781 in the final three months of next year. The cap, which is set quarterly by the energy industry regulator, Ofgem, was at £1,400 a year as recently as October last year.