The sink is one of the most used appliances in a kitchen, and as a result, should be deep cleaned "at least once a week". Although disinfectant can be used to cut through hidden germs, your sink may be left looking dull. However, TikTok user Chloe says she has an eco-friendly solution which will "leave the sink nice and shiny" using two simple household ingredients. She revealed the cleaning hack in a video, posted under her TikTok username @homewithchloex. So far, the video has accumulated 21.8k likes and has been shared 160 times. In the video, Chloe can be seen cutting a lemon in half before adding a spoonful of bicarbonate of soda. Bicarbonate of soda, also known as baking soda, is traditionally used in baking but is also hailed for its multi-purpose cleaning uses. READ MORE: Philip Schofield’s quiet life at his £2.2 million Chiswick home The white powder works as a gentle abrasive, while the alkaline properties of baking soda can dissolve organic dirt. Chloe said: "This is how to clean a sink with a lemon. First off you cut it in half and you can add some bicarbonate of soda. "Once the bicarbonate of soda is on you cna start squeezing it and it will start fizzing." In the video, viewers can see the baking soda fizzing and bubbling when it comes into contact with the fresh lemon juice. Chloe continued: "The citric acid in a lemon will cut through any grease and grime while the bicarbonate of soda will help with the scouring process. "After you've done this, wash it down with warm water and it will leave the sink nice and shiny." Speaking about the cleaning hack, Howard Moss, CEO of Astonish explained: "When life gives you lemons – use them to clean with. "Instead of throwing away a lemon once it’s been squeezed or used in food, keep it to one side as the citric acid is ideal for cleaning with. DON'T MISS'Simple' toilet cleaning hack 'will cut your cleaning time down' [COMMENT]Inside Meghan Markle and Harry's £11m mansion [REVEALED]House sales: Common paint colour to ‘avoid using’ when selling a home [INTERVIEW "As Homewithchloex’s video shows, lemons can kill bacteria and cut through grease with ease." Chloe also told a commenter that the method promises "a nice lemon scent" afterwards. Mr Moss added: "Lemon has a scent that we associate cleaning with. It leaves everything fresh and has several uses around the home, not just in recipes. "For the ultimate fragrance, add mint into any lemon cleaning activity for even more freshness.”