Leicester City boss Brendan Rodgers has put pressure on Arsenal, Chelsea and Newcastle United by delivering bad news on three transfer targets. All three sides have a vested interest in the Foxes' summer transfer plans with James Maddison, Youri Tielemans and Wesley Fofana in high demand. Rodgers' main summer focus has been on keeping the band together, with Leicester fans waiting for the first signs of activity. Nobody has been signed with a matter of days until Premier League action gets underway, but the Foxes may still be pleased with their summer if a collection of top players are convinced to stick around. Newcastle made a £40million bid for Maddison last week with Eddie Howe keen to add goals to his squad. The 25-year-old registered 20 goal contributions in 35 top-flight matches last term, making it his most fruitful to date in terms of output. But Rodgers was quick to shoot the Magpies down when asked for an update on the situation, stating: "It’s not my job to put a valuation on players but that figure might just cover three-quarters of his left leg. He’s a top player and he’s very much here. There’s nothing more on that." JUST IN: Chelsea 'hold meeting' for Man Utd target Benjamin Sesko as agent sends promising message The claim could make Newcastle rethink their approach with Leicester evidently holding out for a significantly higher sum. Chelsea are in a similarly daunting position when it comes to Fofana, who is bound by a long-term contract with the Foxes and has an alleged price tag of £85m. "As for Wesley - he’s not for sale and he’s very happy here," added Rodgers. "We want to keep the players we have here. I worry more about the players I have here than those I haven’t. I’m optimistic." DON'T MISS: England 2-1 Germany: Lionesses WIN Euro 2022 final as Wembley goes absolutely wild The one player he couldn't provide assurances for was Tielemans, who is in the final year of his contract at the King Power Stadium. The Foxes are supposedly prepared to let the midfielder go if a reasonable bid is made, with Arsenal weighing up whether to convert their long-term interest into a concrete move. Rodgers left Gunners fans perplexed, however, by claiming that no offers have been made so far this summer. The Belgian notched six goals and four assists in the league last term, but Arsenal are also thought to be eyeing up fellow midfielders Arthur Melo, Lucas Paqueta and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. While Leicester fans will be happy to see their boss lay down the law regarding Fofana and Maddison, they may have been pained at his latest update on Kasper Schmeichel. The Dane, who has been at the King Power for over a decade, is of interest to French side Nice. "There's been a little bit of interest over the summer," admitted Rodgers. "Kasper has earned the right to have a think about the next chapter of his career and where that's going to be. When there's something concrete, we'll sit and discuss it, and take it from there." On Tielemans: "There have been no offers across the summer."