How many have now roped vulnerable kids into their gangs, using them as pack mules, distributing drugs and God knows what else? These figures are an abomination which the Government must have been aware of, yet we continue to provide a ferry service across the English Channel. Why don’t we go the whole nine yards and have printed timetables as to when our Border Force boats are available? The Government has got to enforce new legislation which cannot be overruled by the judiciary or Left-wing campaigners. Peter Rushton, Chorley, Lancs ----------------------------------------- Collect migrants on beach and take them to Gatwick We are being engulfed by Albanian economic migrants who will mostly turn to crime now they are here, especially since they know they won’t be sent back. Albania is less than a four-hour flight from here and there are no issues regarding safety for their own citizens if we return them quickly. Pick them up on the beach, straight to Gatwick and deported within the hour and we will halve the crime rates within a month. Does Home Secretary Priti Patel know where Gatwick is? Susan Dance, Harrogate, N Yorks ----------------------------------------- Evil torturers should have had cell doors welded shut How can anyone have faith in British justice when the birth parents who inflicted unspeakable cruelty on their little boy, which resulted in him having both legs amputated, are set to be released from jail after serving less than five years of a 10-year sentence (“It makes me sick! Mum’s fury as son’s torturers are freed”, August 8)? Jody Simpson and Anthony Smith deserved far longer sentences. The evil pair who tortured Tony will be freed and will no doubt protected from harm while their young victim will spend the rest of his life facing enormous challenges because of what they did to him. Jean Norfolk, Knottingley, W Yorks ----------------------------------------- Birmingham’s Games were a credit to our great city From what the raging bull to the dancing sand rakers, it was a Games of high drama, sunshine and fun (“Peel the joy”, August 8). I have to congratulate everyone who made this Commonwealth Games such a fantastic success. Athletes from around the world came and competed and I’m sure inspired many youngsters to throw down their gizmos, put on a tracksuit and enjoy the pleasures and benefits of sport. A really enjoyable and thrilling Commonwealth Games. Syd Vaughan, Birmingham