Star Wars fans are enjoying a well-deserved comeback for the series of late. Disney Plus has been releasing new shows set in the universe for the past few years, including The Mandalorian, The Book of Boba Fett and - most recently - Obi-Wan Kenobi. But one of the stars from the Marvel Cinematic Universe recently claimed that the Star Wars series is always a little "samey". Mark Ruffalo recently promoted the new Disney TV show, She-Hulk: Attorney at Law, where he reprised his role of Bruce Banner / The Incredible Hulk. During an interview, he noted how superior the MCU is to other franchises while pointing the finger specifically at the Star Wars universe. He lashed out: "If you watch a Star Wars, you're pretty much going to get the same version of Star Wars each time." He added: "It might have a little bit of humour. It might have a little bit of different animation. But you're always, really, in that same kind of world." Ruffalo then praised the work in the Marvel universe, saying: "But with Marvel you can have a whole different feeling even within the Marvel Universe." (Via Metro) Now, just days after these scathing comments, Obi-Wan himself Ewan McGregor has hit back. McGregor has, of course, been a part of the Star Wars franchise as Obi-Wan Kenobi since 1999, through three movies and now a TV show. On Star Wars, he said: "That's the beautiful thing about how passionate Disney, Lucasfilm, all of us are, who are involved with it is from the beginning is we try really hard not to let anything of the bad just to protect your experience of seeing it for the first time." READ MORE: Avengers 5: Robert Downey Jr ‘replaced as Iron Man’ but not Tom Cruise McGregor added: "I think it's really cool that Disney and Lucasfilm care so much for the fan experience. They really want you to have a 100 percent experience the first time you see it." While his subtle jab towards Ruffalo might not be as pointed as the Hulk star's he wasn't shy about talking about his intentions for the future. McGregor was also recently asked about whether he had any desire to join the Marvel universe in the near future. He bluntly replied: "I don't know. I don't know that I want to do that." DON'T MISS...Avengers 5: Robert Downey Jr ‘replaced as Iron Man’ but not Tom Cruise [NEWS]Star Wars actor was Anne Heche's 'hero' after discrimination [INFO]Harrison Ford’s quiet life with third wife Calista Flockhart [INSIGHT] McGregor went on to tell ComicBook.com: "Because I love doing all different kinds of work. It's true. I love to direct. I'd like to be in the theatre again. I definitely want to do this [Obi-Wan] again, you know, I'm in this Star Wars world. I feel like I don't need another." He also said: "I'm not looking for that anyway," before adding: "I feel like I shouldn't say I wouldn't do it because in two years' time you'll be like: 'You said you were never going to do this!' But I'm not looking for it particularly." For the future of his Star Wars work, however, McGregor has been very open with his desire to make a comeback as Obi-Wan. The Obi-Wan Kenobi series was "initially conceived" as a limited series, director Deborah Chow has previously stated. Meaning it would not have any kind of season two or beyond. But in a recent interview panel, McGregor broke from this status quo. Addressing the possibility of a season two, he said: "I’m totally up for it, guys. I want to do it ... I’m absolutely honest, there's no plans made yet. But I think, I’m pretty sure they’re just biding their time. But nobody has approached me as of yet." Obi-Wan Kenobi and She-Hulk: Attorney at Law are both available to stream on Disney Plus now. SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE