Manchester United have been warned that Casemiro could be the third big signing not to live up to expectations as the Brazilian is set to complete a £60million move to Old Trafford. The midfielder made a tearful goodbye to Real Madrid as he is on the verge of a transfer to United, but has been told that he will not fix the club’s problems after two defeats to start the Premier League season for the Red Devils. Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O’Hara believes that Casemiro could follow Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho as big-money signings that have failed to live up to expectations since their moves to the club. “Look he is a good player, don’t get me wrong,” O’Hara told talkSPORT. “He has had a great career, been playing in a Real Madrid team with Toni Kroos and Luka Modric, who are better than him. So he is the worst one out of the three and they have signed him. Do I think that it is a signing that is going to completely change their season? No. “It’s better than Fred and [Scott] McTominay, but if you’re thinking all of a sudden he is going to come in and change everything for Manchester United I think you’re wrong. We have seen it with Varane, we have seen it with Sancho. It’s something different there that’s going on that they have got to get on top of. “I just feel that it’s a very desperate signing again, they have been after Frenkie de Jong for the whole of the summer and realised ‘Right that’s not happening’, then they have gone to Casemiro. I am not convinced that is going to be the answer for them.” Casemiro broke down in tears during his official goodbye to Real Madrid as he thanked his team-mates ahead of a move that could cost United up to £70m, with reports claiming the deal is worth an initial £60m up front and a further £10m in potential add-ons. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already The 30-year-old has agreed a four-year contract worth around £350,000-a-week, with the option of a fifth year that can be extended by the club, but won’t be available for Monday night’s game against Liverpool. "As you know, I don't like the spotlight or having prominence, I will try to talk with my heart," Casemiro said during his farewell. "The greatest title I have had has been to live every day at this great club, Real Madrid. "I would like to thank the club for making me a better player and a better person. Playing with Modric and Kroos, I really enjoyed football. I am excited to develop at a big club like Manchester United."