Ty, a 22-year-old Staffordshire Bull Terrier Dalmation mix, is said to be the oldest dog ever taken in by Dogs Trust and the first of his breed ever cared for by the charity. Described as a "terrific older gentleman", the pooch has an unusual passion for classical music. Melissa Crook, assistant manager of Dogs Trust in Bridgend, Wales, told The Mirror: "When he wants to chill out, Classic FM does the trick! He doesn't mind if it's Mozart or Mendelssohn, he's not choosy, but he's definitely a classy canine." More than 650 dogs are currently ready to rehome at Dogs Trust, and of those around 20 percent are older dogs - but Ty is by far the eldest. "Ty has been a much-loved dog all his life but due to a change in the family's circumstances, they could no longer keep him," Melissa explained. "It is heartbreaking but he is proving to be a resilient older boy. "He is of course getting lots of TLC from his carers and he has adapted really well to his new surroundings, but we'd love to find him a new home, or a foster home, as quickly as possible where he can snuggle on the sofa and listen to the radio." Ty still enjoys a short walk and is happy to meet up with canine companions when he is out and about. He would like a quiet home and could potentially live with another dog as he's a laid-back boy. He can also live with children aged 14 and over who will respect the fact that he likes to chill out. As an Older Age Pooch (OAP), Ty has some medical conditions which the team will discuss with anyone who wants to give Ty a new home. Melissa says: "Ty is everything you could want in a dog and has so much love to give, so we really hope his age doesn't deter people from giving him the home he deserves. "He's a Dogs Trust record breaker, so he has his place in Dogs Trust history. Now we want to find him a place of his own at the heart of a classical music-loving home." If you would like to know more about Ty, visit Dogs Trust Bridgend. If you would like to discuss fostering Ty, contact louisa.hewings@dogstrust.org.uk or bethan.catlin@dogstrust.org.uk. Volunteer foster carers are supported by the Dogs Trust team and everything the foster dog needs, such as food and bedding, is provided and veterinary costs are covered.