Soaring energy bills are a major concern for millions of people this winter, as prices spiral. However, there is help at hand for customers who need an extra form of support. EDF has shared details of the Priority Services Register (PSR) which is a free service offered throughout the energy industry. It’s made available to customers in England, Wales and Scotland to offer help and advice on a wide range of issues related to energy. For example, people could get a smart meter installed, or their meter read regularly if they cannot do it themselves. But a form of support through the PSR which may be particularly useful is help with bill payments. READ MORE: State pensioners may be left with just £11 a day in energy bills shock EDF explains: “Our service includes giving you the support you need to get on top of all your debts and onto all the benefits you are entitled to. “EDF Energy is here to help. We can give you extra support and advice when you need it. “Maybe you’re dealing with stress, illness, bereavement or disability. Or maybe you’re struggling with debt or have lost your job. We can even help when a new baby arrives. “We can help ease the pressure - and not just when it comes to your energy.” DON'T MISSState pension: Women ‘set to receive higher sum than men' in 10 years [ANALYSIS]Lloyds Bank issues scam warning on ‘today only’ supermarket voucher [WARNING]Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE] For vulnerable people struggling with bills, EDF points towards its Customer Support Fund. It provides assistance to those with electricity or gas bill debts, which are sadly expected to soar in the coming months. The support fund can also provide essential goods to those who need them, such as a fridge or a cooker. To benefit, individuals will need to register for help from the Priority Service. READ MORE: State pensioners' income slashed by £800 amid cost of living crisis EDF will help make sure a person is on the correct tariff, as well as helping them to potentially save on their future energy bills. However, individuals will need to have sought independent advice before they apply, which the provider can also help with accessing. After this point, Britons will be able to apply for help from the Customer Support Fund via the Let’s Talk website. EDF explains: “You'll need to have your EDF account number and current energy debt balances ready, along with details of your household finances and vulnerability. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “It may be helpful to have your more recent energy bill to hand when you apply. “The form will guide you through the process and automatically save so you won't lose your progress.” Britons may also be eligible for the Household Support Fund, which EDF signals towards. It was launched by the Government as a £500million fund in October 2021. The fund provides local council with extra money to support customers throughout the winter. Anyone who needs this kind of support should contact their local council to see if they are eligible.