Joining the ITV hosts in the Good Morning Britain studio, James Anderson was hailed a hero as he discussed what he was doing to help the elderly during the pandemic. The plumber has become widely recognised as he helps people struggling to pay for their gas bills and food. The plumber who runs a charity plumbing business called Depher told Charlotte and Adil why he felt it was important to give back. He admitted there were times during the pandemic when he didn't even pay himself a wage at all. Charlotte Hawkins began the segment by praising James, she said: "Well done for everything you're doing because there are so many people in desperate need. "And I guess the thing is that people don't always want to admit to it. You don't always know what's going on behind closed doors." READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets  "It's a stigma," the plumber replied. "A lot of people in my society have a family so they don't reach out and don't ask for help. "So we are there to say to people, 'Remove the stigma, remove the elephant in the room, get rid of it'. "Whatever you need, we will deal with that for you." Discussing why he decided to start his business, James explained the bad reputation of some engineers and people putting their trust in them to do a good job. "But, it's not always that situation," he added before saying: "We need to come together as a community." He later went on to recall: "We had the NHS crisis team ring us two days ago to help a gentleman. "He couldn't wait for a week or wait for a month. "I went to another lady with two children and she had three fish fingers in her freezer, that's it." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Vanessa Woodfield star announces exciting baby news [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Scarlette Douglas quits channel 4 show [INSIGHT]Shetland's Tosh star ‘bereft’ over Douglas Henshall’s exit [NEWS] Following the segment, emotional GMB viewers took to social media to praise James for everything he does to help people. @LauraFi123149967 wrote: “@GMB I am in tears here listening to this man speak. What a wonderful human being. Doesn’t take a big wage because 'I don’t need it'. James you are a legend,” followed by a love heart emoji.  Susan McLellan penned: “I'm listening to this guy and I'm almost in tears hearing the stories about people who are really struggling. People are going to die due to the cost of living crisis. James gets this, yet the government couldn't give a toss. Criminal. #GMB While William J Foulke added: “#gmb Bravo to James the plumber for offering his services free to the needy. A touching insight into the realities of the energy crisis.  “@GMB watching the interview of Britain's hero plumber was amazing he needs to be knighted for his hard work. James is a superhero to everyone he helps," Mo Balogun tweeted. Sian Humphreys praised: “Never mind Britain's kindest plumber, he’s the world's kindest and most generous man! We could all learn a thing or two from James Anderson @Depheruk @gmb #GMB.” Paul went on to comment: "James Anderson is a shining beacon of humanity. "He is a true hero and peoples champion. Politicians take note and help people in the ingenious way James does." (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 