TV and conservation legend Sir David Attenborough will bring a fresh five-part series to BBC One to shine a light on the amazing nature of Britain. Using the latest 4k filming technology, he and his team will highlight the need to protect the environment and show the incredible wildlife of Britain and Ireland. David will explore the amazing sights of Britain's wildlife as part of his new programme Wild Isles. His new series was shot over three years and explored every corner of Britain and Ireland, to deliver some extraordinary tales of nature. Following the huge success of his last work with Planet Earth, the conservation hero will be hoping to leave a similar mark with viewers. David championed the British Isles' wildlife, believing they are as spectacular as anything else in the world. Read More: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry coverage slammed by GMB viewers Ahead of the new series he explained: "In my long lifetime, I have travelled to almost every corner of our planet." The 96 year old has been producing phenomenal insights into nature all around the world for nearly 70 years. His first TV appearance was in 1954 on a programme called Zoo Quest and Sir David believes his latest series will stand up to anything he has done before. Sir David added: "I can assure you that in the British Isles, as well as astonishing scenery there are extraordinary animal dramas and wildlife spectacles to match anything I have seen on my global travels." Over the space of five weeks, the show will dive into the fascinating happenings of Britain's key habitats. The key habitats to be explored in the hour-long shows will be woodlands, grasslands, freshwater and marine. Kicking off the new show will be an opening episode to explain how important the nation's ecosystem is for the future. It is hoped by show bosses the BBC One series will educate and open viewers' eyes to the wonders of the country. DON'T MISS...Attenborough warns against destroying forests for power stations [ARTICLE]Queen shows funny side in conversation with David Attenborough [INSIGHT]David Attenborough's heartbreaking concerns about brother Richard [INTERVIEW] The series' executive producer Alastair Fothergill, discussed how important the role is to the filming team. In a statement he said: "I have always wanted to make a landmark series that really does justice to our own extraordinary wildlife. "I am sure people will be amazed at what is happening right on their own doorstep." There is currently no official start date for David's new wildlife series. Reflecting on the wonders the team saw up and down the country, the head of commissioning for science and natural history, Jack Bootle, was excited to see the audience's reaction. He enthused: "You'll think a meadow in Somerset is as beautiful as the Serengeti, and the North Atlantic as wild and dramatic as the Antarctic Ocean." Wild Isles will air on BBC One. A premiere date has yet to be confirmed.