Abby Sciuto (played by Pauley Perrette) may no longer be in the fold on CBS’ NCIS as the hit crime procedural rolls towards its milestone 20th season, but the star still remains close to diehard fans’ hearts. So much so, Perrette regularly updates her vast social media following with what she’s up to now, with thousands keen to stay in the loop. Since leaving NCIS in 2018, Perrette had temporarily retired from the world of acting before making a return to CBS in the sitcom, Broke. However, Broke lasted just the one season on the air before Perrette decided once and for all to leave acting behind her. She has made a handful of TV appearances since, taking part in telethon fundraisers on LA-based network KTLA, but an acting role still doesn’t appear to be on the cards. But sharing a selfie on Twitter to her 709.5k followers recently, Perrette has teased an exciting update with her fanbase - sending the rumour mill and excitement levels into overdrive. READ MORE: NCIS season 20 theory: Jane Tennant to take down The Raven in twist “I was adjusting my camera for a video I can’t tell you about yet and got this rad pic. (I’ll tell you later),” she teased. The snap showed Perrette shooting a pout to the camera while showing off her eye-catching multi-coloured hairstyle. The former NCIS star’s array of tattoos was also on display and it didn’t take long for fans to react. While dozens complimented the star on her “rad” look, several couldn’t handle being left on edge given Perrette’s cryptic promise. Twitter user @Wheenus replied: “So are you going to tell us or not, I have mixed signals.” While Brad Trageser excitedly added: “Keeping her fans in suspense. Bring on the video.” Lulu Wild remarked: “Looking amazing. Can't wait to see what you have in store.” “Can’t wait Pauley!!!” @Notic3 simply responded, making their excitement known. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA's Caleb Castille confirms return of key location in season 14NCIS fans baffled as Gibbs' house opens up major scene plot holeLeroy Gibbs ex-wives: How many ex-wives has the NCIS star had? Robin Holloway added to the hype: “I’m excited to hear about your new projects.” While others weren’t quite as patient, as @bubblingsushi commented: “No I wanna know now.” (Sic) Perrette shared the selfie on August 10 and at the time of writing, is yet to release the video in question. But could it be a return to the acting world, or does Perrette have a different sort of exciting project up her sleeve? One thing that is for sure is NCIS will soon be back on screens for its 20th season. After Gibbs’ Mark Harmon said his farewell in season 19, it’s now up to the likes of Gary Cole’s Alden Parker, Wilmer Valderrama’s Nick Torres, Sean Murray’s Tim McGee and Katrina Law’s Jessica Knight to lead the team. Season 20 will also kick off with a special crossover event as the team from NCIS Hawaii will be joining forces with the crew. NCIS season 20 premieres on CBS in the USA on September 19. A UK release date is yet to be announced.