The Duchess of Sussex released the first episode of her podcast series Archetypes today, August 23. The podcast will examine the stereotypes and labels which women face. However, several social media users were not impressed by Meghan's new release which began by rehashing a childhood story in which she wrote to a soap company whose TV ad had offended the Duchess as a child. Following an interview on the kid's channel Nickelodeon, the ad was changed from "women fighting grease" to "people fighting grease". However, social media users were quick to point out that this wasn't the first time they had heard the anecdote. One Twitter user said she wanted to turn the podcast off "after 20 seconds" once they heard the story "YET AGAIN!". READ MORE: Putin faces furious coup - Ukraine war architect narrowly avoids death  Red3008, (@Red6731419231), said: "So, Meghan’s podcast landed. I can’t have an opinion unless I listen, so took a deep breath and went for it. OMG! "I was ready to turn off after 20 seconds when I heard the, yawn, soap ad story YET AGAIN! And could take no more after 1 minute 21 seconds!" Others agreed with the sentiment, one Twitter user, Natalie Bridge (@natalieb666) said she couldn't "stomach" listening to the podcast. She said: "Tried to listen but just couldn't stomach her voice with the fake giggles pretending they are BFF. [It's] rubbish I even fast forwarded it to see if it got any better but no it didn't."  Others were harsher in their criticism of the podcast, SOMETHING and NOTHING (@hcqykhc6gp), said: "Claws down a blackboard might be more interesting and less painful." The Duchess began the program slamming the soap ad from Procter and Gamble - a corporation her and Prince Harry's charity the Archewell Foundation has now teamed up with to focus on gender equality. The 1990s ad said that "women are fighting greasy pans". Meghan said: "I was furious, women? Did I really just hear that guy say that women, as in only women - women are the only ones who wash dishes and then I heard them, these two boys in my class breathing life into my biggest fear." DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Britain announces new visa change in immigration shake-up [LIVE] Kate stuns as she takes economy flight with Charlotte and Louis [REPORT]UK sees record number of Channel migrant crossings in single day [INSIGHT]  She added that two boys in her class saw the ad and then said that women "belonged" in the kitchen. She added: "They said 'Yeah, that's where women belong - in the kitchen'. Oh man this did not sit well with 11-year-old me." The beginning of the podcast is punctuated by voice overs of an 11-year-old Meghan being interviewed by Nickelodeon, something which appeared in a Channel 5 documentary last year. The podcast series will feature 12 episodes which will host household names and experts speaking about women's stereotypes and labels.  