Russia's state-owned energy giant Gazprom has announced the suspension of Nord Stream 1 – a pipeline delivering gas to the European Union – for a three-day period from August 31 to September 2, raising fears among EU leaders the Kremlin could prolong the closure beyond the deadline. As part of his energy war, Vladimir Putin's Kremlin already had the pipeline closed for annual work maintenance for ten days in late July, prompting the EU to step up its filling up of gas storage ahead of winter. Once again, the Kremlin is playing with its energy weaponisation strategy to create uncertainty and could keep the pipeline permanently closed, an energy security expert warned. Dr Benjamin Schmitt, former European Energy Security Advisor at the U.S. Department of State, told Express.co.uk: "Nord Stream 1 has already been cut on June 15 by 60 percent. And then in July, another 20 percent – so, 80 percent cut in total. "And so, will this have a massive impact on the ability of the EU to fill its gas storages? It’s already doing a great job on that front. "But it will certainly put pressure on the system – no doubt about that. And its aim to create uncertainty just like the supposed annual normal gas cut-off that took place in July did. "The question being: will the Russian Federation turn gas back on after this?" Dr Schmitt said: "It may be normal maintenance but is that really what’s going on here? And so, that is something that Gazprom – Russia’s state-controlled Gazprom – is playing to great effect – to use the track record of uncertainty that the Russian Federation has had in terms of its weaponization of energy towards the EU to its advantage and create uncertainty, create market shocks." European countries are racing against the clock to fill their gas storage ahead of winter and a potential permanent suspension of the Nord Stream 1 pipeline. The EU is on track to hit its target of 80 percent of capacity well before the November 1 deadline. According to data from Gas Infrastructure Europe (GIE) released on August 25, European gas storage levels were 78.67 percent full. READ MORE: POLL: Should new Prime Minister hold another Brexit referendum? However, a full shutdown of Nord Stream 1 could deplete the EU’s gas inventories by early January 2023, energy security expert Valery Chow warned, as the bloc does not yet have enough alternative gas providers to face that eventuality. The EU has turned to liquefied natural gas (LNG) deals with Qatar and the US to cushion the blow of Vladimir Putin’s gas blackmail. With its diversification of gas suppliers, the EU has successfully reduced its dependency on Russian energy gas by 20 percent and now only imports about 20 percent of its gas from Gazprom, Europe’s Foreign Policy Chief Josep Borrell announced. DON'T MISS:Frexit leader claims leaving EU will cut French electricity costs [REPORT] Brexit travel: Brits to enjoy more time in EU without charge as major  [REPORT] Sunak vows to snub EU blackmail and launch £15bn ‘better alternative' [REPORT]  Despite its diversification strategy, the bloc still largely depends on Russia to keep its gas storage at reasonable levels. Czech Prime Minister Petr Fiala, whose country is currently holding the EU’s rotating presidency, called on Friday for an emergency meeting to find "extraordinary measures to solve the energy situation" and keep energy prices at reasonable levels for EU energy consumers. Czech Prime Minister Fiala’s call came hours after a report by Britain’s energy regulator Ofgem found energy prices in the UK are set to rise as much as 80 percent this autumn. READ NEXT:Europe's ‘fundamental failure’ to recognise Russia as 'different'Europe and Ukraine are ‘one step away from nuclear plant disaster’Europe on nuclear alert – biggest power plant STILL disconnectedTurkey handed masterplan to outsmart Putin as 'gas bonanza' discoveredUK energy prices far higher than Europe’s, but by how much?