Shaun Millward, 54, and Rachelle, 44, were married in June, but the special occasion was overshadowed when Shaun's dad Alan, who was 84, suffered a cardiac arrest at the wedding reception. He died two days later. Now the grieving family are being told they must leave their Aspire social housing property in Newcastle, reports StokeonTrentLive. Mum-of-two Rachelle sold her home after meeting Shaun in 2018. The couple decided to move in with Shaun's dad so that they could take care of him as he had a long-term lung condition and his health was deteriorating. The family have been happily living in the two-bedroom house and do not want to move. But Aspire Housing say the family are "unable to remain" in the property with one of the reasons being that there is "overcrowding". Another issue is that Alan was the named tenant for the property and there can legally only be one succession which has already happened. Royal Stoke University Hospital nursling assistant Rachelle described the situation as "grossly unfair". She said: "Since my father-in-law died, my children are now occupying a bedroom each and we choose to sleep downstairs. "We are happy to live the rest of our lives having a bedroom downstairs rather than having Aspire intervene because we are classed as overcrowded. "Rather than upsetting families that don’t want to move, why can’t they just leave them be? "Alan lived in the house for 60 years with his wife so you can imagine the memories and the comfort we all get out of being here. "If we are made to move, those memories will be ripped from us. "I’ve been in his life for four years and we’ve looked after him and got him out places. The children looked at him as a grandad and he was good to us. "We went on holidays and day trips, we were a proper family. It’s so sad that he died so soon after our wedding day." Rachelle added that the stress of being kicked out was impacting her mental health. She said: "It's unreal. Where do we go from here? "We don’t know what the future holds and are living day by day. We are not in a position to start again because we spent so much money on this house and making it more modern. "I’d like them to say we can stay and leave us be. When my children leave home, this will be our forever home so we don’t want to move. "I’m disappointed and frustrated. I begged and pleaded for them not to move us and I am not going down without a fight. "My children have adapted here and are settled. If we wanted to move we’d be filling forms in but we don’t. "The sleeping arrangements are adequate. There’s a lot more people in a worse position than me." Jon Dickin, head of neighbourhoods at Aspire Housing, said: "We have been supporting Mrs Millward and her family to review their housing situation following the sad passing of her father-in-law, who was the named tenant for the property. "Whilst the family has expressed their desire to stay in the property, there can legally only be one succession of a tenancy, which has already occurred in this situation, so the family is unfortunately unable to remain. "There is also an issue with overcrowding in the home in line with the government’s Bedroom Standard, and as a result this property is unsuitable for the family’s needs. "We are providing guidance and support in finding more suitable accommodation in areas of their choice, and we are allowing use and occupation of the current property whilst this process takes place. "We appreciate this is a difficult situation and we will continue to support the family as much as we can."