And 60 percent only cook out of necessity – with seven in ten put off trying new recipes in fear of it going wrong. The classic Sunday roast is the most common dish being made at home, alongside spaghetti bolognese, Shepherd’s pie, and stir fry. The study was commissioned by vegetable brand Tenderstem, to launch its “Suppertime Sonnets”, in partnership with farmer and former JLS singer JB Gill. He is seen performing in a field, reciting classic recipes in the style of Shakespearean sonnets, in a bid to get Brits more creative when cooking. JB Gill said: “I’ve learnt so much since entering the farming industry, and I’m continuing to learn. “One thing that’s stuck with me is the time and care farmers put into the land, and how important producers and growers are. “I think it’s time we brought a bit of that excitement and love back into the cooking process once it leaves the farm.” The study also found 45 percent cook the same recipes “all the time”, due to them being dishes they’ve grown up with. But one in three (32 percent) believe they can find healthier food options which require little or no preparation. And half of adults commonly buy ready meals to avoid the stress of cooking fresh meals at home. But despite this, the OnePoll data found over half (54 percent) feel that preparing food is an ideal way to express themselves creatively. When it comes to the perfect setting to cook, 38 percent enjoy listening to music in the background, while 24 percent like chatting with others at the same time. Watching MasterChef or The Great British Bake Off, viewing classes on YouTube or TikTok, and updating old family recipes, are among the sources Brits turn to for cooking inspiration. David Samuels, spokesman for Tenderstem, said: “While there’s been a rise of cooking from scratch in the last three years as a result of spending more time at home, we know households tend to recycle the same old recipes week in, week out. “We wanted to go one step further, though, and inject some real passion into the kitchen – we give you Suppertime Sonnets. “There are many ways to get creative while making food, and our sonnet-ised recipes should allow your inspiration to take the lead in creating the perfect meal.” TOP 20 COOKING INSPIRATIONS: