It was recently - and rather controversially - announced that the cost of buying a PlayStation 5 will increase in select regions across the world. This includes the UK, where the console now retails for £479.99 for a disc-based unit, and £389.99 for a Digital Edition. Representing an increase of £30, the price rise is unprecedented for a console that has been available for almost two years. Needless to say, video game fans are wondering if their other favourite devices will follow suit, such as the Nintendo Switch and the Xbox Series X/S family of consoles. The good news is that both Nintendo and Microsoft have said there are no plans to increase the prices of their respective devices. Asked whether Nintendo plans to up the price of the Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Switch OLED Model or Nintendo Switch Lite, a company spokesperson referred Express Online to a comment made by Nintendo president Shuntaro Furukawa back in June. "While we cannot comment on pricing strategies, we currently do not have any plans to change the price of our hardware due to inflation or increased procurement costs in each country," he said. "We will determine our future pricing strategies through careful and continued deliberations." While there's always a chance things could change in the future, Nintendo said that retailers ultimately set the price of the device, and that there are no plans to increase the trade cost of the Switch right now. At the time of writing, the standard Nintendo Switch has a recommended retail price of £259.99, while the Nintendo Switch OLED Model will set you back £309.99. Without the ability to dock on a TV, the Switch Lite is the cheapest model, retailing for £199.99. There's more good news if you have your eye on a brand new Xbox, be it the entry-level Xbox Series S, or the more powerful Xbox Series X. In a statement to Windows Central, a Microsoft spokesperson said the company has no plans to increase the recommended retail price of either unit. "We are constantly evaluating our business to offer our fans great gaming options," a Microsoft spokesperson explained. "Our Xbox Series S suggested retail price remains at $299 (£250, €300) the Xbox Series X is $499 (£450, €500)." While Express Online has also asked Microsoft for a statement, it's unlikely the company will reveal much more than the above. With Christmas creeping up fast, plus a cost of living crisis to worry about, Microsoft and Nintendo's statements may sway consumers when deciding whether to purchase an Xbox, Switch or PS5 this holiday season. Microsoft and Nintendo consoles are also more readily available than the PS5, which could boost Xbox and Switch sales come the end of the year.