The Elvis Presley biopic, Elvis, just hit rental streaming services this week, allowing fans to relive the star's life at any point. But before the movie had even hit cinemas, Elvis' ex-wife Priscilla Presley was sick with fear about how the King might be portrayed. Priscilla met Elvis when she was just 14-years-old. The star had been drafted into the US Army where he was stationed in Friedberg, Germany. Priscilla was there because of her stepfather, a US Airforce pilot. The pair hit it off instantly and became infatuated with one another. And just a few years later, she moved to the USA to be with Elvis in Graceland. And some years later, in 1966, Elvis proposed to Priscilla on Christmas Day. Five months later, on May 1, 1967, they were married in Las Vegas. Speaking in a new interview, she confessed how worried she was about the movie. "To be honest with you, I was very nervous about it," Priscilla told Piers Morgan. She added: "Because of Baz Luhrmann! As we all know, Baz has his own unique style which is very good, but I just didn't know how he was going to portray Elvis." With a sigh of relief, she added: "So, I was very concerned." But before long, she realised how incredible Austin Butler's portrayal of Elvis was. READ MORE: Elvis Presley movie reminded Priscilla Presley of King's anger Priscilla went on to praise the actor for playing her ex-husband so perfectly. She said it was "hands down better than anyone". "My daughter was so emotional when she saw it," she remembered. "My god, it was like watching Elvis. His movements, his smirk, his walk, his attitude... his temper! It was like reincarnation." She also praised the actress who played her in the movie. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley movie reminded Priscilla Presley of King's anger [NEWS]Elvis Presley cancelled working with Olivia Newton-John in iconic music [INFO]Ann-Margret's 'devastating' fall and facial surgery [INSIGHT] Priscilla said Olivia DeJonge's performance was "very nice". "She was sensitive to him," she added. "Which I was always to him, to his needs, and what he wanted out of his life. I thought she did a very nice job." Priscilla and Elvis didn't always have a loving relationship, however. One key moment in their lives came when Priscilla learned Elvis was having a sordid affair with his Viva Las Vegas co-star Ann-Margret. Priscilla and Elvis eventually got divorced in 1973 after being married for six years and in a relationship for almost 15. After they signed their final divorce papers, the couple were still on good terms, however. As they walked away from the courthouse, hand in hand, Elvis sang Dolly Parton's "I Will Always Love You" to his now ex-wife. SOURCE