Piers Morgan has made an astonishing U-turn on his Mikel Arteta stance after Arsenal's brilliant start to the season. The broadcaster and Gunners fan has been one of Arteta's most prominent critics in recent years but looks to have entirely changed his tune in the space of months. Arsenal have flown out of the blocks at the start of the Spaniard's latest quest to return the club to Champions League football. Arteta has received heavily backed in the last three transfer windows and is starting to reap the rewards as his vision takes shape. However, he has come under significant pressure on several occasions since replacing Unai Emery as manager in December 2019. European football evaded Arsenal altogether in 2020/21 before they fumbled fourth to Tottenham Hotspur on the final day of last season. And Morgan has been one of the numerous high-profile fans calling for his head throughout his tenure. He slammed Arteta for allowing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to leave on a free transfer to Barcelona in January after the former Gunners captain started regularly scoring in Spain. "He's been the world's most lethal goal machine since joining Barcelona," Morgan lamented. "And with every goal he scores, he makes Arteta look more absurd for giving him away." JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag can save season by picking four players  After Arsenal lost to Newcastle in May, plunging their top-four hopes into doubt, Morgan demanded Arteta be fired, and not for the first time... He tweeted: "Arteta should be fired. Instead, he's been given a new deal and massive pay rise. For abject failure. Utterly ridiculous." But following the Gunners' positive pre-season, exciting summer transfer business and perfect league start, Morgan's stance on Arteta has completely turned on its head. On Saturday afternoon, Morgan took to Twitter to announce, "BREAKING: I'm trusting the process," accompanied by an image of Arteta. READ MORE: Chelsea hero Joe Cole hails club's Brexit transfer decision  Arsenal's 2022/23 campaign started with a 2-0 opening-night win against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park - a ground they have regularly stumbled at in previous years. They followed it up with a 4-2 triumph over Leicester City at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday to join Manchester City as the only club with a 100 per cent record after two games. New £45million man Gabriel Jesus marked his first competitive home game with two goals and as many assists in a stellar showing. And on top of Arteta's other new recruits, there is growing confidence on the red side of north London that a return among Europe's elite is beckoning. To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here