 Prince Charles seemed cheerful as he was seen alongside his brother Prince Edward and his niece Lady Louise Windsor. Prince Charles was seen attending Crathie Kirk, a church near Balmoral Castle in Aberdeenshire, Scotland where the Royal Family traditionally spends their summer holiday.   Prince Charles seemed in good spirits as he drove his own vehicle to the church. He then met with Prince Edward, who was also spotted behind the wheel in his own car, and Lady Louise. Prince Charles wore a black blazer and striped tie while Prince Edward was wearing a brown tweed suit with a red tie. Princess Louise was dressed smartly as she wore a white shirt with black polka dots and her hair tied back.  Lady Louise is following in the royal footsteps of her cousin Prince William as it was announced last week that she would be attending St Andrews university. The 18-year-old royal teenager received her A-levels results back from St Mary’s School Ascot from her chosen subjects - English, Politics, History and Drama. On Thursday, a spokesperson from Buckingham Palace announced: "Having received her A Level results today, Lady Louise will start at St Andrews University in September to study English."  READ MORE: William warned as rift with Sussexes risks new royal crisis  Crathie Kirk has been a regular place of worship for the Royal Family since 1848 when Queen Victoria worshipped there. Queen Victoria originally laid the foundation stone of the modern church 45 years after she attended. She also donated two stained glass windows and her daughter, Princess Beatrice, donated four bells which still hang in the Church’s bell tower. Queen Victoria's servant John Brown is buried in Crathie Kirk graveyard. Mr Brown is well known for being a close friend of Queen Victoria, which caused resentment amongst her children, particularly with her son and heir, King Edvard VII. At the time Queen Victoria dismissed speculation about her friendship with Mr Brown as “ill-natured gossip in the higher classes”.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Kate's entrance into royal life compared [INSIGHT]Inside Lady Amelia Windsor’s Notting Hill flat [REVEAL]Charles and William in 'deep, deep pain' after Megxit [REPORT] The Queen has kept with royal tradition and has vacationed at Balmoral Castle every summer since she was a little girl. It is expected that other members of the Royal Family will travel to Scotland to visit Her Majesty at this time. Prince William and Kate Middleton are expected to visit the Queen soon this summer alongside their three children. The Cambridge family have spent part of their summer holiday in Cornwell and are currently staying in their countryside home at Anmer Hall in Norfolk. 