Marvel fans will never forget coming out of cinemas after credits rolled on Avengers Endgame in 2019. The iconic movie not only brought an end to the Infinity Saga, but it also killed off some major players in the franchise. On top of Captain America retiring (presumably dying in the process), and Black Widow sacrificing herself for the greater good, Iron Man defeated Thanos using the Infinity Stones. But just before directors Joe and Anthony Russo shot these scenes, they were begged to stop by a Star Wars executive. In a new interview, Anthony revealed: "Part of the pressure [not to kill Tony Stark] came from Jon Favreau, who called us up after he read the script… and said to us: ‘Are you really going to kill Iron Man?’” Jon is, of course, well known for playing Happy Hogan in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but nowadays he has also become an executive in the Star Wars universe. Most recently, he has headed up episodes of The Book of Boba Fett and The Mandalorian. According to the Russos, Favreau - who directed the first Iron Man movie - had to be convinced to let Stark go from the series. Joe Russo said: "I remember pacing on the corner of a stage on the phone with Favreau trying to talk him off a ledge." READ MORE: Spider-Man's next appearance introduces Norman Osborn Favreau argued that, Stark should have had a retirement, rather than a sacrifice. Joe recalled: "Because he’s like: ‘You can’t do this. It’s gonna devastate people, and you don’t want them, you know, walking out of the theatre and into traffic!'" "We did it anyways," Joe added with a smile. (Via Vanity Fair) Of course, Iron Man's sacrifice was exactly what the MCU needed. SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH THE RUSSOS' INTERVIEW  For Tony to die for the good of the universe was such a powerful moment because of his selfishness. What's more, he was one of the few characters without superpowers, meaning he had the most to lose. What's more, Marvel writers Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely agreed with the Russos in a separate interview. They pointed at his five-year gap during The Snap as his early reward. Not only did he rekindle his relationship with Pepper Potts, but he also enjoyed retirement. DON'T MISS...Spider-Man's next appearance introduces Norman Osborn [NEWS]Black Panther 2 is the perfect way to end the MCU's Phase 4 [INSIGHT]Avengers Endgame theory: Iron Man created the Mutants for Phase 5 [THEORY] Tony's story was complemented by the fact he had a daughter, Morgan, who likely spurred him on to make the sacrifice and save the universe. McFeely said: "Everyone knew this was going to be the end of Tony Stark." Markus noted: "We had the opportunity to give him the perfect retirement life, within the movie. [He already got that]. That’s the life he’s been striving for. Are he and Pepper going to get together? Yes. They got married, they had a kid, it was great." Markus said of Tony's end: "It’s a good death. It doesn’t feel like a tragedy. It feels like a heroic, finished life." (Via The New York Times) Tony's death has been felt through the MCU since it occurred. Spider-Man Far From Home focussed on it, and so, too, did Ms Marvel. Going forward, Riri Williams will be introduced as the new Iron Man-styled fighter in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. Avengers Endgame and the rest of the Marvel Cinematic Universe are available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE / SOURCE