Admitting that he absolutely loves the radio show that he has been doing for more than five years, Turnbull urged listeners not to miss the “most exciting classical music show on the airways” as he returned to the station at the beginning of August 2022. It came after the star announced “with great regret” that he needed to take a leave of absence in order to “focus on getting better” following his “shock” cancer diagnosis a few years prior. “When you’re diagnosed with prostate cancer it can be a pretty scary moment,” Turnbull explained when talking to leading charity Prostate Cancer UK. “It was for me. Particularly because it had already spread to my bones and the long-term outlook wasn’t good at all. It was a big shock for me and for my family, and we had some pretty dark times. But luckily, I started treatment very quickly after my diagnosis.” Following his diagnosis, the former BBC Breakfast presenter created a Channel 4 documentary titled Bill Turnbull: Staying Alive, which followed the journalist through chemotherapy and experimenting with medicinal cannabis. After nine rounds of chemotherapy, which Turnbull described as “[not] pretty” the star continued to say that his body was getting back to some form of “normal”.  DON'T MISS: Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may start to notice when waking up in the morning  “One thing I’m not going to let it do is get me down because then it wins. And I’m not going to let it win.” Having kept positive about his own diagnosis, Turnbull announced back in 2019 that his cancer had spread to his bones, but that he still had a “fair old time to live". He said: “It’s a great consolation to me to know that while my disease is advanced, many men have been saved a lot of difficulty by getting an earlier diagnosis.” One reason why Turnbull’s cancer was caught at such a late stage is that prostate cancer is slow growing and in some cases doesn’t have any signs of symptoms in its early stages.  Another reason why an individual might not have any symptoms or signs is due to the way the cancer grows. An individual will usually only get early symptoms if the cancer grows near the tube you urinate through (the urethra) and presses against it, changing the way you urinate (wee). But because prostate cancer usually starts to grow in a different part (usually the outer part) of the prostate, early prostate cancer doesn’t often press on the urethra and cause symptoms. Prostate Cancer UK explains that if you or someone you know does notice changes in the way you urinate, this is more likely to be a sign of a very common non-cancerous problem known as an enlarged prostate, or another health problem. Possible changes to look out for that still need medical attention include: In addition to no symptoms, prostate cancer cannot be diagnosed through one singular test. The most commonly used tests for prostate cancer include blood tests, a physical examination of the prostate, an MRI scan and a biopsy.  A common test, known as a prostate-specific antigen (PSA) test, measures the level of PSA and may help detect early prostate cancer. However, results can be unreliable as PSA levels can be raised by other non-cancerous conditions. Once, or if diagnosed, with prostate cancer, depending on an individual's stage of cancer or type, treatment will be discussed. For example, if the cancer is at an early stage and not causing symptoms, your doctor may suggest either "watchful waiting" or "active surveillance". For early stage cancers that can be treated, surgery or radiotherapy may also be used. If, like Turnbull’s case, cancer has spread to other parts of the body and cannot be cured, treatment is focused on prolonging life and relieving symptoms. Treatments can also include surgery or radiotherapy with the addition of chemotherapy to kill cancer cells. The NHS notes that all treatment options carry the risk of significant side effects, including erectile dysfunction and urinary symptoms, such as needing to use the toilet more urgently or more often. These can be discussed with a medical professional. Turnbull can be heard on Classic FM every Saturday 10am-1pm. 