Energy bills could reach a whole new level this winter, with prices rising to more than £3,600 a year and soaring wholesale prices set to hit struggling households until at least 2024, a research firm predicted. Cornwall Insight forecast the energy price cap – the maximum amount that energy providers can charge energy consumers – is on course to rise to £3,615 a year from January onwards. In the face of the huge burden of the cost of living crisis, the grassroots campaign Don’t Pay is gathering support from Britons to push Boris Johnson's Government and energy companies to make bills more affordable. Ramya Jaidev of Windrush Lives warned that Britons could take to the streets and riot if action is not taken. She told LBC: "Even in the context of everything else that’s happening in terms of the cost of living, the energy sector price increases are just off the charts – especially compared to the amounts that are being reaped back in terms of profits. "But there is a broader question, absolutely. If you can’t afford to live anymore, what do you do? I think history tells us the answer to this." LBC’s Iain Dale said: "Go on." "The people revolt," Ms Jaidev said.  "If you can’t afford to live, what do you do?" she asked. LBC’s Dale said: "Isn’t this where a welfare state is supposed to kick in? And to be fair has done by and large over the years. "But this is a whole new challenge, isn’t it?" When asked whether she will pay her energy bills, Ms Jaidev said: "I’m not going to answer that question. But I am going to point out that there is a strong grassroots campaign around not paying. And I know there are differing views about this." READ MORE: Brits to be encouraged to compete with neighbours Ms Jaidev also argued that Tory leadership contenders - Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak - are not taking the right approach by offering targeted support, adding that the problem are the rising cost of energy bills. "We seem to be implying there that the people can’t afford to pay the bills. Yes, they can’t because the bills are too high. "I mean we’re looking at it backwards," she said. Personal finance expert Martin Lewis has warned that the cost-of-living policies put forward by the two Tory leadership candidates – Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss – miss the mark. Liz Truss, who appears to be the current favourite to replace outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson, has vowed to slash taxes and suspend energy levies on energy bills. DON'T MISS:Cost of living: Pensioners turning to equity release in record numbers [ANALYSIS]Bring in a price cap on North Sea gas, blasts Dale Vince [REPORT]Heat pump breakthrough as UK handed ‘low-cost solution’ to flaw [REPORT] Rishi Sunak announced he would temporarily cut VAT on energy bills to help struggling households with soaring costs. Martin Lewis, who founded the influential personal finance website MoneySavingExpert.com, said the proposals put forward by the candidates so far "are trivial in the big picture of this." He called on outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the two leadership candidates to "go and sit in a room together" and "make a collective decision now of what help you can give" instead of doing nothing, as Boris Johnson’s “zombie government can’t make any decisions." If the Government holds off on taking action until September, Mr Lewis told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme, taking further action will be "absolutely too late”"because "we will already be in the mire of this." READ NEXT:Energy news: UK nuclear power station closes after four decadesOctopus Energy fights planning rules with wind power plotHave Your Say: BP makes billions during energy crisis - is this fair?Santander launches ‘market leading’ £160 switcher cashbackBBC Breakfast fans fume over 'pointless' BP profits coverage