Weather forecaster Accuweather warned that river levels are on the rise, saying that "flooding of roads and farmland is possible." The rain began last night, with the forecaster warning that further rainfall will continue throughout today. The public has been advised to avoid using low lying footpaths and bridges. Meanwhile, road users have been advised to plan driving routes to avoid flooded areas such as low lying roads near rivers. Accuweather added: "Flooding is affecting low-lying land and roads adjacent to the River Trent between Norton Green and Darlaston including Stoke on Trent, Lyme Brook between Newcastle under Lyme and Hanford, Fowlea Brook at Stoke on Trent and Ford Green Brook. "Further rainfall is possible over the next 24 hours. "We are closely monitoring the situation. "Our incident response staff are actively checking river levels and the weather forecast. "Please avoid using low lying footpaths and bridges near local watercourses and plan driving routes to avoid low lying roads near rivers, which may be flooded."  Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow warned that the UK may be impacted by a "thundery plume". She said: "There could be a thundery plume affecting the SE by Thursday and temperatures might meet the heatwave conditions later this week here. "There is a Bank Holiday coming into view, for parts of the UK, so of course, there is a lot of uncertainty in the forecast. That’s for later this week onwards. "Many areas are still crying out for rain. Not just showers, even thundery downpours but ongoing rain. Maybe by night would suit most people, if the combining is finished in the fields.  "There is rain this morning for western areas and over more of southern Scotland and weather fronts will continue to push in from the Atlantic during the day linked to a low pressure centre which will sit to the northwest. "Frontal bands will swing our way from that front with another low pressure nipping up from the southwest and possibly developing over Ireland. "This low and the other one to the northwest interact, it looks like a more significant cold front will sweep right across the UK and could bring a spell of rain to SE England around Thursday. "The low centre pushes away northwards as high pressure builds in from the southwest."   The Met Office watned that some parts of the UK will see heavy outreaks of rain. It added: "With an Atlantic influence to the weather this week showers and longer spells of rain are expected most frequently across western and central areas, though the details on timing of any rain is likely to change through the week." Forecaster Alex Deakin said: "There’s more uncertainty than usual in the weather, if you do have plans this week then please do keep up to date as the day-to-day details will be varying."