Environmental protestors from Extinction Rebellion have humiliated French President Emmanuel Macron by exposing France’s decision to exempt golf courses from the hosepipe ban. The activists sought to disrupt the play and expose their activities by filling the golf holes with cement. Like much of Europe, France has been struck by a blistering drought, as hot summers worsened by man-made climate change led to a string of forest fires in the southwest of the country.  In a bid to conserve water supplies, the Government has asked residents to avoid non-essential water usages like car-washing or watering gardens. Meanwhile, golf courses with acres of sprawling greens that use vast supplies of water, have been exempted so far. This enraged the climate activists, who vandalised the golf holes in protest, and launched a petition explaining their actions. In the petition, they wrote: “Golf courses, a sport reserved for the wealthy, are spared most of the water restrictions that affect our country today. “Thus, in level 2 and 3 droughts, the watering of greens, courses and golf tees is authorized while the watering of vegetable gardens is increasingly restricted.  “So does food come after a few hours of pleasure for a bourgeois elite? “The reason for this exception? The cost of maintaining these hyper-luxury grounds. Once again, economic madness takes precedence over ecological reason…” The group called for a complete ban on the irrigation of golf courses during the heatwave. On Twitter, Extinction Rebellion Toulouse shared images from their protest on the Vieille-Toulouse club course and at the Garonne des Sept Deniers course. The group showed a golf hole filled with cement and a sign saying "This hole is drinking 277,000 litres. READ MORE: Antarctic ice shelves could be melting up to 40% faster than thought “Do you drink that much? #Stop Golf". Gerard Rougier of the French Golf Federation defended the exemption from the water restrictions, telling the France Info news website: "A golf course without a green is like an ice-rink without ice." He added that “without water, a green dies in three days and it takes three months to regrow it”. In France, it takes approximately 25,000 cubic metres of water every year to tend to the lawns of the more than 700 golf courses. Meanwhile, Eric Piolle, the Green mayor of the south-eastern city of Grenoble city, slammed the government for granting exemptions to golf courses. DON'T MISS: China poised to copy Putin’s squeeze over Taiwan and CRIPPLE the world [INSIGHT] Musk primed to hand UK huge Brexit boost with new Tesla gigafactory [REVEAL] UK power outage: Thousands of homes without electricity [REPORT]