According to Arthritis Research UK, nine million people in England live with back pain and it’s one of the most common problems of everyday life. Since the pandemic, back issues have become more predominant, but there are simple solutions you can make to hep alleviate issues including investing in a back relief vest. Lyne Up is a back relief vest designed by French health brand PERCKO and it’s also a registered medical device. It works by encouraging an engaged posture to strengthen the back muscles, realigning the spine and reducing pressure on the vertebrae. Plus, it can be worn discreetly under clothing, making it ideal to wear to the office and on a day-to-day basis. With sizes for men and women available, shoppers have praised the vest for helping with daily issues and they can now save £10 off the vest with a code. With hybrid working and poor work set ups resulting in a rise in back issues, it’s a wise choice to invest in this back relief vest and it’s designed with PERCKO’s patented Lyne technology. The vest is made from a system of elasticated tensors strategically positioned on the shoulders to help open the chest and on the lower back to realign the spine and pelvis. It works in a similar way to Kinesio taping and by wearing it, the user become more aware of their posture and regulate it subconsciously. It’s been certified as a medical device and according to a study on over 4,400 testers, 86 percent were satisfied with using it while 72.5 percent reported a reduction in pain. BUY: PERCKO Lyne Up smart T-Shirt (£89) The PERCKO Lyne Up vest is now £89 with the code ‘PERCKOEXPRESS’ at checkout, saving £10. It’s been recommended by professionals and Dan Boyd, London-based Physiotherapist and Complete Physio said: “As a feedback tool to remind people what good posture is, I think it’s brilliant.” Reviewers have also praised the vest for helping soothe back aches. Victoria Watkins wrote: “The product was as specified and has made a significant difference to my posture after wearing it for two weeks.” Graeme Shearer said: “This item has given me my life back after 20 years of constant pain.” GL also added: “It took a few days to get used to wearing but it is already making a big difference to my posture, and my previously constant back pain is rapidly decreasing. I would certainly recommend.”