The LBC host looked enraged as he discussed the array of crimes publicised in the past month while police officers elsewhere are concerning themselves with helping the public see what is “behind the uniform” by dancing the Macarena. Mr Ferrari branded the chief constable an “oaf” for focusing on image-branding as opposed to solving and preventing crime, before adding it was imperative people “respected” the police. It comes as the Metropolitan Police announced there were over 200 arrests made during Notting Hill Carnival over the bank holiday weekend, with one 21-year-old fatally stabbed.    Mr Ferrari said: “This is lawless UK, okay, and again I have to tread carefully, but a nine-year-old girl loses her life in Liverpool, a 21-year-old man is stabbed at the Notting Hill Carnival, up in Reading and Leeds, they used armed police, armed police, to break up the festivities there. “Two weeks ago, 50 yobs smashed up a McDonalds restaurant in Nottingham, filming themselves as they threatened staff, robbed the till and made off with arms full of food. Filming themselves! “There is no fear of repercussions in this country whatsoever. No fear, whatsoever. In London two weeks ago, two would-be thieves tried to smash the glass of a Bugatti supercar so they could nick the bloke's watch. “Half a mile down the road, in Knightsbridge near Hyde Park, two innocent people walking by with expensive watches, both were robbed.    “And meanwhile, the icing on the bloody cake, in Lincoln two weeks ago, the police were dancing the Macarena with their idiot chief constable saying ‘It’s important you see what is behind the uniform’. “What the hell do you mean, you oaf? We don’t want to see what is behind the uniform. We want to see that uniform so people respect - and I don’t say fear, I don’t want fear - [the police]. “And that is so that when the 50, I imagine young men, though I was not in Nottingham McDonalds when it was left in glass and shreds and tatters when they made off with the money and most of the food, and the staff raced off because they were being threatened, don’t look at the police when they arrive and say ‘Were you dancing the Macarena last night?’” READ MORE: Notting Hill carnival: Police arrest 38 festival-goers for offences [REPORT]   A 21-year-old rapper and father-to-be from Bristol visiting Notting Hill Carnival on Monday with his sister and friends became the latest victim of violence in the UK. Takayo Nembhard, aka TKorStretch, was a promising young musician who was fatally stabbed, his manager said in a statement on social media. It comes as the police said 209 arrests had been made at the carnival by early Tuesday, including 46 for assault, 36 for possession of drugs, 33 for possession of an offensive weapon, 27 public order offences, and eight sexual assaults. There were 35 arrests the force labelled “other”, 10 for possession of psychoactive substances, seven for drink/drug driving, five for criminal damage, and one each for theft and robbery. DON'T MISS: Birmingham police swoop in and seal off area after human remains found [REVEAL] Two teenage boys die in 'tragic drowning incident' in lake [REPORT] London emergency: Police swoop in after 'bangs heard' – man wounded [REVEAL]  The Metropolitan Police has launched a murder investigation following Mr Nembhard's death. The force said officers were called to reports of a stabbing under the Westway flyover in Ladbroke Grove at about 8pm on Monday. Police and paramedics provided first aid treatment to Mr Nembhard and he was taken to hospital, where he later died. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said he was “sickened” by the fatal stabbing of the young musician, saying: “I am sickened by this awful attack.” He added: “Violence has no place on our streets and we are doing everything in our power to root it out. I urge anyone with information to contact the police on 101 or anonymously by CrimeStoppersUK. There is no honour in staying silent.” READ NEXT: Merseyside Police arrest 170 people in hunt for Olivia's killerGMB uproar as fans slam guest who blasts dancing police officers Police car parked on double-yellow lines slapped with a fine Call to arm every police officer in UK with 50,000 volt stun gunsBe nice if police actually fought crime instead of pratting around  