People on certain benefits and some illnesses are entitled to help towards their medical costs which includes free prescriptions, dental treatment and glasses. It could save people hundreds, if not thousands, of pounds per year. NHS prescription charges were frozen this year, but at £9.35 per item in England, the cost soon adds up. As rising prices continue to financially impact Britons, there’s never been a more important time for people to check they aren't paying unnecessarily. Britons who live with certain medical conditions should automatically be sent a medical exemption certificate through the post. However, it’s worth checking the NHS website’s online tool if people think they qualify but have fallen through the cracks. READ MORE: Boris Johnson urged to ‘bring forward increases to Universal Credit' Which 15 groups of people qualify for free NHS prescriptions? DON'T MISS:Homeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [WARNING]Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [ALERT]Retirement age to rise past 70 - state pensioners forced back to work [WARNING]PIP: The 10 myths preventing people from claiming £627 a month [INSIGHT]   Although people aged 60 or over are currently entitled to free prescriptions this could all change if proposals to increase the age to 66 years old get the green light. This is despite the fact that they are free for everyone in In Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. A spokesperson for the DHSC said: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the rising cost of living and we are taking action to support households, including freezing prescription charges for the first time in 12 years. "Thanks to our extensive arrangements to help people afford NHS prescription charges, 89 percent of prescriptions in England are already provided free of charge." READ MORE: Martin Lewis' MSE's free online tool shows whether to fix tariff  Not everyone on Universal Credit will qualify for free prescriptions as it will depend on their individual circumstances. Claimants should qualify if they:    Meanwhile, a Pre Payment Certificate (PPC)) could help those who aren't entitled to free prescriptions save money. A PPC enables people to purchase as many NHS prescriptions as they need throughout the year for £108.10. Britons who rely on two prescriptions a month could save over £100. To find out more about a PPC people should go to the NHS website. 