Graeme Souness has given a scathing verdict of Manchester United star Anthony Martial and has again hit out at ex-Red Devil Paul Pogba. Martial impressed in the pre-season friendlies but missed the opening-day loss to Brighton on Sunday due to a hamstring injury. The Frenchman spent the second half of last season on loan at Sevilla and his future at Old Trafford appeared bleak. But new boss Erik ten Hag has reintegrated him into his squad for this campaign. But Souness believes that is a mistake. He says the 26-year-old cannot deal with the pressure of being at a club the size of United. Souness told talkSPORT: “In United’s case, they’ve not really recruited any game changers. When you are talking about ‘we are going to miss Martial’, how many opportunities is that young man going to get to be a Manchester United player? “He’s proven already to me he’s not for Man United. He can’t deal with the pressure of playing at Man United. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd chase duo, Chelsea exit, De Jong latest  “Man United are one of the biggest clubs in the world. They are in a cup final every time they go out and play a game of football. “As Liverpool are, as Chelsea are, as Man City are now. They're the teams everyone wants to beat. Welcome to the big league.” Souness was a regular critic of Pogba during his time at United. And he once again brought up the midfielder, comparing his career in the Premier League to that of Martial. The Liverpool legend added: “It’s a bit like Pogba. I see both of them and I see players in them and qualities that few players possess. DON'T MISSArsenal star Gabriel's two-word comment on Saliba may upset WhiteArsenal wonderkid 'signs new contract' to end rumours and delight fansBarcelona star De Jong ‘has told two people Chelsea info’ as Man Utd push  “But it’s on their terms and they pick and choose when they use it. When you play for a big club you cannot be like that. When you are at a big club you play in a cup final every week. “These players are not up for that, they’re not up for the fight. There’s no good being a great player in training or being a great player once every six or seven games. “You’re at a big club because you want to win things and want to be challenging all the time. In basic terms, they are dodgy. "They are not people you can rely on… end of. I don’t think you can rely on Martial any more, not that you ever could. He’s been far too hit or miss. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt