Worlds collided in the penultimate episode of Better Call Saul as Kim Wexler (played by Rhea Seehorn) came face-to-face with one of the two main players from Breaking Bad for the first time. Fans have shared their stunned reaction to their unexpected meeting as they prepare for the acclaimed AMC drama to come to an end next week. Kim had a chance meeting with Breaking Bad player Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) in the latest episode of Better Call Saul. In episode 12, Waterworks, Kim finally returned to the show after her dramatic break-up with Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk). During the Breaking Bad timeline, Kim returns from Florida and viewers learn she didn’t take the massive pay-out from the Sandpiper lawsuit. One of the biggest moments of the episode - and, indeed, the season - occurs when Kim leaves Saul’s office and bumps into Jesse. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed Kim lights up a cigarette and gives one to Jesse, with no idea she’s standing next to the partner of Albuquerque’s dangerous new meth cook, Walter White (Bryan Cranston). Surprisingly, Jesse recognises Kim from one of his friend's trouble with the law, and commends her for getting him off. Early on in their alliance with Saul, he asks Kim if “this guy is any good”. Kim considers for a moment, and reluctantly confirms: “When I knew him, he was." Fans were ecstatic to see the unconventional pairing after Jesse and Walt’s dual cameo in the previous episode. “I never imagined these two would have a scene together,” @JohnMic28046301 admitted. “It's surreal. Kim represents the end of Jimmy McGill's journey while Jesse represents the beginning of Saul Goodman's.” @richonnescamino exclaimed: “Jesse Pinkman and Kim Wexler sharing a scene together DO NOT PINCH ME THIS IS ACTUALLY HAPPENING.” DON'T MISS:Flight Lieutenant takes no rubbish from BBC hosts in epic interview [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast guest told ‘put it away’ after wardrobe mishap [BLUNDER]NCIS star Pauley Perrette pays tribute to Olivia Newton-John [TRIBUTE] @Le_Unorthodox wrote: “Kim Wexler having a smoke with Jesse Pinkman is everything I ever wanted. “And that last line??? ‘When I knew him, he was.’ My heart.” “HE'S A WANTED MAN AND HIS NAME IS SAUL GOODMAN!!” @bossoskin tweeted in their reaction. “What a f*****g episode, my God this was just perfect. Next episode is going to be absolutely wild.” “Huge Kim episode, seeing Jesse and Kim together in that one scene was something I never thought could happen.” @jtessexpress said: “Kim Wexler and Jesse Pinkman is a meeting I legitimately never expected would happen but I loved every second of it.” And @MarshallMC17 commented: “Jesse and Kim Flashback OMG! “Not just great fan service but it’s heartbreaking because of how their stories go." “Kim went through everything already but Jesse is still innocent and hasn’t been through everything yet… Amazing crossover.” Series lead Bob has teased more to come from Jesse and Walt, so the meth kingpin could appear one last time in next week’s long-awaited finale. Better Call Saul concludes Monday, August 15 on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix.