Today Game of Thrones prequel House of the Dragon has arrived, with the action taking place some 200 years before the events of the original series. The new show focuses on a period of Westeros history called The Dance of Dragons, the Targaryen Civil War over a succession dispute. George RR Martin covered this period in his fictional history book by Archmaester Gyldayn called Fire & Blood. It’s the first of a two-volume three hundred year history of House Targaryen from Aegon the Conqueror to the Mad King in Game of Thrones. The 736 page volume 1 stopped around halfway with Aegon III’s reign. The 73-year-old writer still has a second to cover the First Blackfyre Rebellion, Seven Kingdoms unification and Wars of the Ninepenny Kings and The Usurper. Yet with the final two novels in A Song of Ice and Fire yet to write, how soon could we see Fire & Blood 2 hits bookshelves? Well, Martin has given some updates. Martin has previously shared a writing schedule which begins with finishing The Winds of Winter first. That is most certainly his biggest priority. The long-delayed book still doesn’t have a publication date, but the author did share an encouraging update on his progress earlier this month. On his blog, he said how he was back at his computer in Santa Fe after Comic Con and a bout of COVID, admitting: “I hope to wrap up the storyline for one of the viewpoint characters of WINDS OF WINTER this week. Maybe even two.” Hopefully, this means it won’t be long before the whole book is finished. Whatever the case, after The Winds of Winter he intends on penning a Dunk & Egg short story as a palate cleanser next. READ MORE: House of the Dragon episode 1 review: If Succession had dragons After that, Martin will embark on the final book of A Song of Ice and Fire, A Dream of Spring. When that’s done, it’ll be another Dunk & Egg short before finally getting on to Fire & Blood Volume 2. However, it’s always possible that with House of the Dragon now out, he could get on and finish it ahead of these other projects given that he’s already written “a couple of hundred pages” of it. In March he shared all the major projects on his mind, including the second part of his Targaryen history. DON'T MISSWinds of Winter progress: George RR Martin – 'Cersei giving me fits' [WINDS]George RR Martin fans furious as new book lands before Winds of Winter [ASOIAF]George RR Martin's ending ‘will be very different’ to Game of Thrones [A DREAM OF SPRING] Martin wrote at the time: “In addition to WINDS, I also need to deliver the second volume of Archmaester Gyldayn’s history, FIRE & BLOOD. (Thinking of calling that one BLOOD & FIRE, rather than just F&B, Vol 2). Got a couple hundred pages of that one written, but there’s still a long way to go. I need to write more of the Dunk & Egg novellas, tell the rest of their stories, especially since there’s a television series about them in development. There’s a lavish coffee table book coming later this year, an illustrated, condensed version of FIRE & BLOOD done with Elio Garcia and Linda Antonsson (my partners on THE WORLD OF ICE AND FIRE), and my Fevre River art director, Raya Golden. And another book after that, a Who’s Who in Westeros.  And that’s just the books.” In the meantime, The Rise of the Dragon, an illustrated history of House Targaryen is set for release this Autumn. Martin shared: “For those of you who are wondering: What’s the difference between The Rise of the Dragon and Fire & Blood? Think of The Rise of the Dragon as a deluxe reference book, in which Westeros’ most infamous family – and their dragons – come to life in partnership with some truly incredible artists. Fire & Blood was scribed as a grandmaesters’ account of events from Aegon Targaryen’s conquest of Westeros through to the infamous Dance of the Dragons, the civil war that nearly undid the Targaryen rule. The Rise of the Dragon will cover the same time period, but is written in a more encyclopedic style similar to The World of Ice and Fire. In fact, The World of Ice and Fire authors Elio M. García, Jr. and Linda Antonsson have returned to help with this tome. The Rise of the Dragon is perfect for fans steeped in the lore of Westeros, as well as those meeting the Targaryens for the first time in the HBO series House of the Dragon. The book will be available in October 2022!”