We are going to need a leader who can be bold in tackling these challenges, bring colleagues together and find innovative ideas that can show the country that the Conservative Party is still a party brimming with energy and ready to deliver for the British people. For me, that leader is Liz Truss. While I have made the decision to vote for Liz to be our next Prime Minister, I have the deepest amount of respect for Rishi who is a thoroughly decent person. He will always have my admiration for that and the Conservative Party is lucky to have someone of his calibre on our side. However, the challenges facing our country have evolved and I believe we now need the bold and strong leadership that only Liz can provide. It was in June 2020 that I was asked by the Chief Whip to become Parliamentary Private Secretary to Liz Truss, then the Secretary of State for International Trade. From the very first meeting I had with her, I came across someone who was driven, hard-working and deeply focused on delivering trade deal after trade deal. She was always collegiate, wanting to make sure that parliamentary colleagues were kept up to date with every stage of her progress on the various trade deals. She never accepted the status quo and challenged everything. She was logical and resolute. She was, and I thought this many times as I worked with her, a leader. No challenge was insurmountable and everybody, including her parliamentary private secretaries were expected to deliver. It is this drive, focus and bold leadership that has convinced me Liz is the right person to be the next leader of the Conservative and Unionist Party and our next Prime Minister. I am particularly excited by Liz due to her agenda to support small businesses. Most of the time entrepreneurs and business people want less intervention and less government. They want the understanding that every day is a battle to overcome a myriad of challenges and quite often business owners reach the end of the month not knowing whether they will be able to pay themselves after having paid their suppliers and employees. They want a less intrusive state and frankly, lower taxes. Our small businesses are not an opportunity for government to squeeze for more taxes till their pips squeak. They are an asset and we, as a nation, should feel privileged every time an entrepreneur decides to take a risk to create jobs and create wealth. Having worked with Liz, I know she gets it. She understands that for businesses to thrive, the government needs to get out of the way. I am pleased that she has committed to reforming business rates. This was something I have campaigned for from the moment I entered parliament. If we are to minimise the impact of inflation on our economy then nurturing economic growth by scrapping the corporation tax rise is vital and I welcome the fact Liz has committed to this along with a with a EU red tape bonfire which will absolutely trigger more investment. As I said, Liz gets it. She will make an excellent Prime Minister and I have no doubt she will be a champion for small businesses.