34-year-old Mark Millena has linked his smart meter to the free Samsung SmartThings Energy app and says it has helped him make huge savings on his energy bills. It’s so easy anyone can replicate his savings with just a few simple changes to their habits. When it comes to saving money on energy bills it’s often the little changes that add up to big savings as Mark has learnt. He’s been using the free app SmartThings Energy app on his phone which syncs with his smart meter to track and measure the couple’s gas and electricity usage. Because all the data is at one’s fingertips it makes it much easier for people to keep an eye on their energy usage without having to stand over a smart meter. This helps Mark and his wife Coraline, not only save money, but also do their bit towards helping the environment. READ MORE: NatWest scam alert: Fraudsters pretend to be from bank or HMRC Mark told Express.co.uk: “I am quite a techy person so I started using the app when I learned it was available. “A lot of our appliances are smart enabled so the app shows which ones drain the most energy. “You can set timers or behaviours for each device and the app analyses which appliances use the most energy. “Combining this with other small changes like opting for energy saving bulbs stops us from burning money.” DON'T MISSUK recession warning: Britons urged to 'put money aside' [WARNING]State pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING] Mark’s energy saving tips include: READ MORE: 30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August   The digital agency founder is not the only Briton to swear by linking a free app to one’s smart meter to make significant savings on energy costs. Another little known hack which could save Britons £40 a month on energy bills is to use a slow cooker. A charity called Homeless in Teignbridge Support (HITS) has been looking into the cost savings of using a slow cooker rather than an electric oven and the results are impressive. They say a 160W slow cooker can be used for 15 hours and 42 minutes for the same energy usage as one hour with a standard electric oven. Meanwhile, one of the biggest expenses for Britons is the food shop but many people are turning to food clubs to make big savings on their supermarket shop. A Bristol resident told Express.co.uk how she gets £25 worth of food for just £3.50 at her local food club. Anyone can sign up no matter what their income or personal circumstances. UK residents should search for a food club near them - there are clubs in most towns and cities.