Emmerdale fans already know that Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter) will be leaving the ITV soap after she discovered her cancer was incurable. It is unclear how the Dingle favourite's storyline will play out, but some fans think Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) may be involved in her death, and that he could also meet a sinister ending. In the latest instalment, Eric decided to fulfil one of Faith's dreams after she was told her illness meant she was no longer able to drive any more. "Propositioning a dying woman in front of her son. I like your style," Faith told Eric. As he questioned Faith about having to give up her driving license, she joked: "So you brought me a car to rub it in." "Brenda and I have rented this for you to have some fun while you're still legal," Eric replied. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected "But I'm not legal as of today," Faith continued before grabbing the car keys and adding: "Which makes it more fun. Are you coming?" Eric looked slightly worried about getting in the car with Faith, as he warned her: "We'll have to go slowly, to begin with." Ignoring his plea, Faith said: "Sorry, Eric I can't hear you. Are you buckled up? "Now, which one are you? Thelma or Louise?" As she put on a head scarf, Eric looked petrified as he told Faith: "I've seen how it ends, so hopefully neither." Despite fans loving the "beautiful scene" between Faith and Eric, others believe Eric could also meet a sinister ending after his Thelma and Louise remark. Taking to social media to share their thoughts, Doreen Morfitt wrote: "Just don't do a Thelma and Louise Faith and Eric and drive off a cliff. Or the viaduct. Or Leanna's Leap." Mick said: "Don’t kill Eric, Ferth ffs." (sic) DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [VIDEO]Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' exit twist for Kerry Wyatt [REACTION] "Poor Eric thought he was going to fall out the car," Riley Collins added. One fan called Nikki even thought Faith could die in Eric's arms, she said: "Aww does anyone else hope that faith dies in Eric's Arms in @emmerdale." Loving the bond between the pair, Yasmin tweeted: "THAT SCENE WAS EVERYTHING." Jacqueline penned: "Such a beautiful scene tonight with faith and Eric xx." (sic) While Claire added: "I loved this scene, Faith is going to be missed." Faith and Eric also had a heart-to-heart while out on the car journey, with Faith admitting: "I was just wondering why it  takes something awful to do something fantastic." "I was worried that this might have been a terrible idea," Eric replied before Faith replied: "This was a wonderful idea. It's just what I needed." "You've done enough, and I'll not forget this," Faith added as Eric interrupted: "For as long as you shall live." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.