The Loose Women panellists came under fire from viewers after they discussed the effects of the current cost of living crisis. Many were left angered after they felt the women on the ITV chat show were not in the position to be advising viewers.  The rising cost of living crisis has resulted in a number of major walkouts and strikes across the country. With thousands of train drivers and railway workers striking over disputes about job security and pay, this has resulted in delayed and cancelled journeys, leading tensions to rise. On Friday, the women ruffled feathers as they opened up a discussion advising the British public to stop blaming staff. Speaking on her own experience, Denise Welch shared a conversation she had with a member of staff. READ MORE: POLL: What do you think of Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lineup?   Denise disclosed: “He said, ‘Okay I’m really sorry, I’m defensive because I’m on this train on my own, yet again. “‘I know that people on here are paying a lot of money in this situation and I can’t do anything about it. “‘You’ve got to complain,’ and then another lady on the train said to me, ‘Please check your trains because we are giving up working on our rest days.’” Sharing what the railway employee said, Denise, added: “‘We’ve chosen to work on our rest days, but the goodwill has gone.’”   “‘We are so sorry for people whose life is going to be affected,' and I understood what she was saying, It doesn’t mean I won't be annoyed.” Kaye Adams interjected: “So maybe we’ve got to stop getting annoyed, maybe we’ve got to give everyone around us a break, get annoyed at the government.” As the women spoke all at once and shared their annoyance, as well as their understanding, viewers were left angered at their views on the top. Many took to Twitter to slam the panel,  including @cookiejoe9 who wrote: “Always rich people saying they feel sorry for people struggling financially.” DON'T MISS...Prince Harry 'scared' of 'Diana replacement' Meghan, claims Levin [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Denise Welch causes a stir with 'Strictly NDA' hint [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Carol McGiffin shows how face would look with fillers [INSIGHT]    A fuming @ickle_meg added: “Well I am sick of rich celebrities discussing the [Cost Of Living Crisis] and then saying ** I’m so fortunate.” @chatsandcats shared: “How dare us silly little commoners get annoyed that celebrities like Denise are making a bloody good living, rambling on about OUR plight....me me me me me.” An angered @FlopsyPickle ranted: “What a bunch of privileged, arrogant, selfish and clueless t***s.” As @conormckenna101 stated: “Denise just *HAD* to rub it in and say that she was ‘lucky’ in Britain’s current economic climate compared to the average UK citizen.”     A sixth viewer tweeted: “So basically we should all believe that the [Loose Women] and other z-lebs are in the same boat as us because they know a few people who aren’t as rich as them…did I get that right?” (sic) This isn’t the first time the viewers have taken to social media with outrage about the Loose women panellists. The group of women also ruffled feathers after discussing family holidays and extravagant weddings. This led to an uproar as those tuning in felt the topics were unrelatable as many were feeling the pinch, due to the cost of living crisis. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV. 