There has been a lot of scepticism about fast weight loss techniques, yet Dr Michael Mosley says his Fast 800 diet can help people shed the pounds but in a healthy way. The nutritionist, who regularly appears on TV to share his latest weight loss tips with the nation, explained how people can slim down fast by eating more food. The Fast 800 diet involves cutting a person's calorie intake to 800 a day for the first couple of weeks. They can then progress to the 5:2 stage, which means they eat sensibly five days per week and stick to 800 calories for two days. Using this method, Dr Mosley revealed people can start to lose weight quickly despite actually eating more of the "right foods". He explained: “The Fast 800 is a great place to start if you’re looking to lose weight. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake “It provides you with all of the tools you will need to start changing your lifestyle for the better. “Once you’ve entered your goals, you will receive meal plans, recipes, shopping lists, exercises and mindful exercises to help you achieve your objective." The nutrition expert recommended eating foods that are a "good balance of protein, fibre and healthy fats". He advocates for the Mediterranean diet - a method that includes foods such as fatty fish, vegetables, lentils, nuts and whole grains. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Dr Mosley continued: "The good news is, whether you incorporate intermittent fasting or not, a low carb Mediterranean Diet has unique power not just to restore your body’s ability to reach its ideal weight and stay there, but also to cut your risk of serious disease. “It doesn’t come from a place of restriction but rather it’s about eating more of the right foods. “Not only will these foods keep you feeling full, but they also offer important nutrients and health benefits, and taste delicious.” READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim The Mediterranean diet includes foods such as: Vegetables - Tomatoes, broccoli, kale, spinach, onions, cauliflower, carrots, Brussels sprouts, cucumbers, potatoes, sweet potatoes, turnips Fruits - Apples, bananas, oranges, pears, strawberries, grapes, dates, figs, melons, peaches Nuts, seeds, and nut butters - Almonds, walnuts, macadamia nuts, hazelnuts, cashews, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, almond butter, peanut butter Legumes - Beans, peas, lentils, pulses, peanuts, chickpeas Whole grains - Oats, brown rice, rye, barley, corn, buckwheat, whole wheat bread and pasta Fish and seafood - Salmon, sardines, trout, tuna, mackerel, shrimp, oysters, clams, crab, mussels Poultry - Chicken, duck, turkey Eggs - Chicken, quail, and duck eggs Dairy - Cheese, yogurt, milk Herbs and spices - Garlic, basil, mint, rosemary, sage, nutmeg, cinnamon, pepper Healthy fats - Extra virgin olive oil, olives, avocados, and avocado oil