Johnson’s Withdrawal Agreement and the trade deal which followed, the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, did not deliver Brexit. These deals left the UK in a sort of no man’s land, partially out but also partially very much in. The parts of the UK which properly escaped the EU, such as our financial services and medical sectors, have proved the good sense of a clean break from Brussels. The financial services sector, where the EU refused us a deal, has gone from strength to strength. None of the doomsters’ views of London losing its leading position have come true. The City is booming and would do even better if deregulated. Liz Truss has rightly committed to ditching Solvency 2 and MIFID 2 – both should go. Getting rid of them would free up billions to invest in UK plc. There is a great deal more she could do for the City which would advantage us and, as it happens, disadvantage the EU. The success with our medical sector was one of Johnson’s triumphs. Had he not escaped the clutches of the European Medicines Agency, our vaccination programme would have been held back for months. Indeed, it is likely the rapid and leading research carried out by our institutions and pharma companies would never have yielded results. The whole World benefited from our medical industry breaking free of Brussels. Sadly, the problems created by those parts still stuck in the EU are vast. First and foremost, the Northern Ireland Protocol. The Protocol partitioned the UK, broke our Acts of Union and trampled all over the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement. It also made it impossible for us to take back control of our laws and our borders. A chunk of the UK is controlled by a foreign power. Mr Johnson promised to fix the Protocol but never did. He did not have the courage to admit his monumental mistake. Liz Truss is not bound by his legacy. It would be fatal for her Government to defend it. Her Bill to reform the Protocol is welcome but it is fraught with problems, not least because, even once passed, there will be reams of regulations which also need to be passed and she will forever be accused of breaking international law. When she launched her Bill, the EU responded with multiple legal threats. One of these involved our not instituting checks on goods coming from Northern Ireland to Great Britain. That is a game changer for Ms Truss. Never before has this been an issue for the EU and nor should it be. Goods moving from NI to GB do not impact its precious Single Market. The EU is simply out to damage the fabric of our country. This is when a strong leader would (rightly) ditch the Protocol. Faced with these threats we can now rid ourselves of the Protocol entirely in compliance with international law. The other area in which Johnson’s deals have been so damaging is the commitment to the infamous Level Playing Field. The LPF requires the UK not to regress/deviate from the EU in matters of State Aid, Competition, Employment and the Environment. These provisions undermine our ability to chart a course for the UK based on our own national interests. For example we cannot have a policy of “buy British first”. Nor can we ditch the incredibly self-harming drive to Net Zero. Central to our recovery from the cost of living crisis is becoming energy independent. We must exploit gas in the North Sea and under our feet. The drive to Net Zero must radically be scaled back or, ideally, jettisoned. Johnson could not admit his deals were fundamentally flawed. But these are not Truss’s deals. She must not be fettered by them. She should be emboldened by the huge successes of the UK in the areas where we have properly broken free from Brussels. With Johnson going, Brexit now has a chance genuinely of being delivered. Doing so would yield massive benefits for our economy, the welfare of our people and the union of Northern Ireland and Great Britain. It would also assure Truss victory in 2024.