Announced today, the high street bank has increased the interest rates on its Fixed Rate Saver One Year, FD Savings Account, FD Bonus Savings Account and on its Cash ISA. From September 26, the Fixed Rate Saver account will offer a rate of 1.25 percent, up from 0.55 percent. From the start of next month, the FD Savings Account will increase its interest rate from 0.20 percent to 0.40 percent.     The bank’s Cash ISA account will offer an interest rate of 0.70 percent which is up from the current rate of 0.45 percent. The FD Bonus Savings Account will be offering a rate of 0.65 percent on balances more than £25,000, a rate of 0.75 percent on balances up to £25,00. These rates include the bonus on the account. The rate which is offered that doesn’t include the bonus has doubled from 0.20 percent to 0.40 percent. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out    From today, first direct is also offering £175 in cash to all new customers switching to a 1st Account with the bank. The cash bonus is available to all new customers who switch their full banking to first direct using the Current Account Switch Service (CASS). To get it a person must pay at least £1,000 into the account within three months of opening it. The offer, however, does come with some eligibility criteria to consider.   It is limited to solely one payment per customer or joint account. In addition, it can only be offered to those who have not previously held an account with first direct. Savers must also have not opened an HSBC current account on or after January 1, 2019. As long as this criteria is met, the people should get the money within 28 days. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments   Chris Pitt, CEO of first direct, said: “This new switching offer of £175 is market leading and an increase on our previous offer of £150. “On top of the switching bonus, we are increasing our savings rates across a range of accounts in order to offer people better value on their savings.” On top of the enhanced switching offer and new savings rates, first direct customers can get a 3.5 percent AER/gross p.a.by putting between £25 to £300 a month into first direct’s Regular Saver Account. This rate is then fixed for 12 months.     Britons are also able to change the amount of their standing order anytime so if they can save more one month they can up it and vice versa. However, people can only make one standing order payment to their account in any one month. The bank explains: “If you save £300 every month for 12 months and qualify for the 3.50 percent AER/gross interest rate, you'll earn approximately £68.25 interest (gross).” The interest for this account is paid for the account is paid at the end of the 12 month period. People are unable to withdraw the cash from this account until the 12 months is up and if they would like to access the money they will have to close the account. If new customers aren’t ready to switch yet, there is also a £20 incentive for just opening a 1st Account, without completing the switching process. Britons just need to open a 1st Account and log in to the mobile app or digital banking to receive the £25 bonus.   