Javier Hernandez says he would play for free if Manchester United required his services in attack. The 34-year-old Mexican was adored by the Old Trafford faithful during his time at the club when he made scoring important goals look easy under Sir Alex Ferguson. The end of the Scot's illustrious tenure would throw Chicharito's United future into doubt before he would later move onto pastures new with Real Madrid (loan), Bayer Leverkusen, West Ham and Sevilla before heading stateside with La Galaxy. Galaxy currently sit top of the MLS Western Conference but Hernandez has made it clear he will always have a special affiliation to his former employers United. The Red Devils are desperately exploring the prospect of a new signing in attack having just pulled the plug on a move for Arnautovic. Hernandez claims he would even play for free if he was handed the chance to return to the Theatre of Dreams. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag ‘to speak with Adrien Rabiot’ about two crucial demands  He told The Mirror: “If United came for me then I’d say ‘yes, I’ll play for free.’ Of course, you know, I’d do that. “But I also want to be very respectful to my club. I am playing very consistently and in my mind my conviction is all about winning a championship with LA Galaxy. “In the future, if things happen then they happen - but in my mind, I am 100 percent with LA.” United are looking for another striker to provide support for Cristiano Ronaldo, who is still yet to commit his future to the club for the 2022/23 season. DON'T MISS:Frenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer  Although Ronaldo now looks increasingly likely to stay put, he has continued to angle for a move elsewhere as he targets a return to Champions League football. Hernandez believes United's failure to qualify for the competition has hindered them from attracting top talent. “The problem is that the other difficulty is that United are not in the Champions League, so some players aren’t going to come," he added. "Of course, some players will always want to come to Manchester United. “If another club can offer Champions League then who do you choose? You choose the best club for your career. "United are now in the same process that Liverpool was in when I was in England. “So I understand what is happening with Ronaldo. Time will tell what is going to happen with him - but what if Ronaldo stays and scores 40 goals? That could happen.” United had also looked into the signing of Benjamin Sesko but the Salzburg frontman is now set to join sister club RB Leipzig in the summer of 2023.