Just like plants in the garden, houseplants may need more looking after when it is hot, including more water. According to an expert, there are lots of things houseplant owners can do to help their plant through the heatwave. Morag Hill, Co-Founder of The Little Botanical, said: “Water more frequently. Most of your houseplants will need more water. “An excellent tip is to take them out of their ceramic pots and pop them in shallow water in your bath or sink for two to three hours, so they can soak up the water they need.” When the heat really kicks in, most sensitive plants should be moved out of direct sunlight. This can actually scorch the leaves, resulting in houseplants dying. The expert said: “With this lovely, but continuous heat it’s a good idea to group your plants together to help transpiration (creating humidity) and move the sensitive plants away from windowsills and direct lights.” READ MORE: How to water the garden without using a hose Moving plants away from sunlight means they may grow towards the light, growing at an angle. Owners may notice them looking bushier and fuller on one side. To avoid this, the expert recommended rotating plants on a weekly basis. While most plants can withstand the heat, it is the humidity that they like. DON'T MISS:Interior: Paint colours to avoid in the bedroom [COMMENT]Follow the ‘odd number rule’ when placing houseplants inside [INSIGHT]Houseplant expert shares ‘best’ way to water indoor plants [EXPERT] Making the hot air moist will mean houseplants will stay “incredibly happy”. Morag explained: “The easiest way to do this is to give them a spritz of mister every day. “You could also put your plant on a pot tray filled with pebbles and water or put them in a naturally humid bathroom.” Misting plants can also help to prevent overwatering. READ MORE: How often you should clean behind the sofa - ‘dirtiest area’ When looking after houseplants, it is important to dust their leaves regularly. Although a tedious task, routinely cleaning the leaves can help the plant thrive. The expert said: “A layer of dust on the foliage will block sunlight and reduce the plant's ability to photosynthesise, which is ultimately how plants feed themselves. “Now is a perfect time to repot any of your indoor houseplants that have outgrown their current home. “Most houseplants will need repotting every 12 to 18 months and spring and summer is the best time of year to do it. “To keep plants thriving and healthy, it’s a great idea to watch them carefully throughout the summer as it is their prime growing season. “That way, you can spot any changes as soon as they occur and step in to give your plant what it needs.” Common signs of stress include wilting leaves and leaves falling off. This could be a sign it is too hot and too dry. Brown tips or blackened foliage could mean it is being watered inconsistently, while an uneven shape means it needs to be rotated.