Sandra Smith, 75, told Express.co.uk that she has always been frugal but is now having to think up new ways to save money. She shared her number one tip for saving money. The cost of living crisis has placed immense pressure on households with energy bills and the price of the food shop costs more than it has done for 40 years. While many people have been looking for ways to reduce the cost of their food shop, Sandra, from Cardiff, said she makes big savings by not wasting a thing. It is a simple principle that could help people save a fortune - the average family wastes £470 a year on food that is thrown in the bin. Ms Smith told Express.co.uk: “I was quite frugal before all this so I'm just trying to be more frugal." READ MORE: Attendance Allowance explained - could you claim £369 a month? She continued: “I’m quite good with cooking and buying in and not wasting food. “I’m a great believer in that. They waste too much food today. “I cook all my own food for a few days and I don’t mind eating leftovers.” Budgeting experts frequently recommend meal prepping, batch cooking and reducing waste as they say these habits can lead to savings of up to £1,000 a year. DON'T MISSHomeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [WARNING]Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [ALERT]Retirement age to rise past 70 - state pensioners forced back to work [WARNING]PIP: The 10 myths preventing people from claiming £627 a month [INSIGHT] A mum of two spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk in November about how Britons can save over £1,000 a year just by planning their meals in advance and batch cooking. Suzanne Mulholland started batch cooking after her first child was born 15 years ago and hasn’t looked back since. She even made a career out of it, setting up The Batch Lady, a blog to help others make savings from batch cooking. It all began because she didn't have the time or energy to cook from scratch every night when her children were younger. She told Express.co.uk: “It was easier for me to cook when they took a nap or were at nursery, so I started making recipes that I knew would freeze well so I could cook when I wanted - not when I had to.” “If you prepare in advance then you automatically stop panic buying and naturally save money,” she explains. “Because you portion everything out when you batch cook, you save on food waste too. It’s a win, win really.” One of her top tips is to only plan four or five days out of seven, because it’s human nature to want a change every now and then.   Another mum spoke to Express.co.uk about how meal planning and wasting less food can have a significant impact on food bills. Mum of two Natalie Lachim said: “Make a meal plan at the start of the week and stick to it. “A lot of people will just buy whatever they fancy at the supermarket and inevitably end up wasting a lot of food because they haven't thought about how they'll use the ingredients they've bought. “If you stick to a plan, you'll only buy exactly what you need, and spend less.”