The investment bank has said that Britain will go into a recession in December 2022, until at least the beginning of 2024. Analysts at Citigroup predicted earlier this month that inflation could peak at almost 19 percent.  Goldman said: “In a scenario where gas prices remain elevated at current levels, we would expect the price cap to increase by over 80 per cent in January.” An economist from the investment group said: “Concerns around cost of living pressures in the UK have continued to intensify on the back of the worsening energy crisis.  "Real consumption is still likely to decline significantly.” The investment bank has also reconsidered its previous estimates the UK economy will grow next year. READ MORE: State pensioners may be left with just £11 a day in energy bills shock Analysts with the group predicted the economy would grow by 1.1 percent in 2023, but now say it will contract by 0.6 percent. In July, Goldman Sachs CEO, David Solomon, said the odds of a recession were greater than normal. Speaking to CNN, he said people must “prepare for an environment of high inflation” and added “there’s a good chance that we haven’t reached the peak yet.” He said: “Anytime you have high inflation and go through an economic tightening, you wind up having some sort of an economic slowdown. So, I think the chances that we have a recession are high." DON'T MISSEDF offers help with energy bill debt & vital benefits - how to apply [INSIGHT]State pension: Women ‘set to receive higher sum than men' in 10 years [ANALYSIS]Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE]  Experts have previously warned that even lower inflationary figures could still cause chaos for Britons. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, suggested a predicted inflationary figure of 18.6 percent would cause “dire straits” for millions. She said: “Because these horrible price hikes are being driven by the essentials people need to stay alive – like food and heat – it’s going to hit those on lower incomes hardest, who’ve got nothing left to give.  “A winter of woe is looming amid these frightening forecasts and there is little help in sight to stop a spiral of debt as Shocktober approaches. READ MORE: State pensioners' income slashed by £800 amid cost of living crisis  “It’s going to hit those on lower incomes harder. “Those who had saved anything during the lockdowns may well be forced to eat into their savings, while those with nothing left may be forced to borrow – if they can. “Anyone carrying variable-rate debts will then be hit even harder when the Bank of England hikes rates to try to keep a lid on prices. “Rising prices and tightening belts are also making recession more likely – which would force people out of work, and make a desperate situation completely impossible.”  Daniel Hough, financial planner at Brewin Dolphin, looked towards a range of economists and commentators, who suggested the UK could soon be in recession. He urged people to consider five key ways to prepare their finances for the potential downturn. Firstly, he suggested creating a budget, but following this up by fixing a mortgage for as long as possible. People should also make sure they have enough cash, with the expert suggesting at least six months’ worth of expenses. Mr Hough also said people should keep hold of their investments but reassess risks. Investments inherently come with risk, and so are not suitable for everyone. Finally, he suggested pension contributions should be maintained as much as possible to secure a solid future for oneself. 