Manchester United captain Harry Maguire has harboured ‘serious fears’ that he would be dropped by Erik ten Hag over the past week, according to reports. Maguire’s poor form has epitomised the Red Devils’ woes over the last 18 months. Some reports have claimed that the 29-year-old will be left out of Ten Hag’s starting 11 for United’s Premier League clash with Liverpool on Monday night. Maguire was poor in the 4-0 defeat by Brentford a week ago and has consistently failed to live up to his £80m price tag. The England international has even been linked with a departure in recent weeks. Wide-ranging reports have claimed that Chelsea would be interested in completing a swap deal with United that would see Blues forward Christian Pulisic move to Old Trafford. However, United are adamant that they do not want to sell Maguire. It is highly unlikely that he will leave the club before the end of the transfer window. JUST IN: Man Utd ‘have agreed personal terms for 5th signing’ in Ten Hag boost That is according to Goal, who claim that Maguire has held talks with Ten Hag over the last week. The new United head coach has spoken extensively with the squad’s leadership group to dissect various issues around the club. Ten Hag has told senior players that they need to take responsibility for the failings of the squad in recent times. Reports suggest that Maguire, Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes all held crunch talks with the Dutchman. “When the attitude is not good from the team, often the leaders are not there because they are the ones who give the example and go in front,” Ten Hag said in his pre-match press conference. DON'T MISS...Casemiro's Man Utd number emerges as Brazilian set to be unveiledMan Utd still have Frenkie de Jong hope as Barcelona set up meetingCasemiro in tears at Real Madrid exit as Man Utd plan unveiling “That is a point we have to work on. I always work with a group of leaders, not one in particular. I spoke with the leaders about this issue. “It doesn't have to be senior players but we have a core group who have to be the example and take the responsibility. This is also a process. We work with that, we started a couple of weeks ago and they have to grow.” Maguire escaped being substituted during the defeat by Brentford, with centre-back partner Lisandro Martinez instead being withdrawn at half-time. But the former Leicester man could apparently be left out as United take on fierce rivals Liverpool on Monday night. The Daily Telegraph claim that Maguire could be part of sweeping changes Ten Hag makes to the side that lost so heavily against Brentford.