Fans got a major blast from the past in Better Call Saul season six, episode 12, Waterworks, when Emilio (played by John Koyama) randomly cropped up. Breaking Bad followers will remember him from way back in season one of the AMC and Netflix drug drama when he was working alongside Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) in making and selling meth. His exit from Breaking Bad may have to be one of the most memorable from the original series as it set up the show perfectly for all five seasons. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul. In the season one pilot episode of Breaking Bad, Emilio was arrested during a house raid by the DEA who were looking for the meth supplier that went by the name Captain Cook. He makes bail but wrongly believed his business partner Jesse was the one to hand him over to the police. Emilio forces Jesse to lead him and Krazy 8 (Maximino Arciniega) to his new partner Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and suggests killing both Jesse and Walt for their betrayal. Walt convinces Emilio not to murder them by stating he would teach him his unusual meth formula. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed Emilio, Walt and Jesse are in the RV in the desert with Walt literally cooking up a storm as he deliberately causes a chemical explosion and flees the scene. He trapped Emilio and Krazy 8 in the vehicle so they couldn't escape the deadly gas, killing them within a matter of minutes. What fans may remember most about Emilio is how his body was disposed of as Walt decided to dissolve him in hydrofluoric acid in Jesse's bath. Unfortunately, once again, it didn't go quite according to plan as the acid ate through the bath and the floor so they had to clean up the mess by flushing Emilio down the toilet. Emilio hadn't been seen since season one of Breaking Bad so it came as a major surprise for viewers when he reappeared in the prequel Better Call Saul's Waterworks. After Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) leaves Saul Goodman's (Bob Odenkirk) office having signed divorce papers, Emilio is called in as his next client. Kim then meets Jesse in the reception who tells her that Emilio was facing serious time behind bars and chose to go to Saul after watching his advert, against Jesse's better judgement. Waiting for his friend, Jesse asks Kim if Saul is any good and she tells him, "when I knew him, he was". DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter [EXPLAINER]Carol Burnett age: How old is Better Call Saul star? [AGE]Better Call Saul season 6, episode 12: When is Waterworks out? [RELEASE TIME] Fans were ecstatic to see Emilio back in the Breaking Bad universe, taking to Twitter to share their excitement. One fan tweeted: "I just ended up watching the best episode of this season in #BetterCallSaul. "Vince [Gilligan], you genius. Emilio made a screen appearance after... 15 f***ing years!" Another commented: "Jesse is so innocent, he is genuinely concerned about the quality of legal representation Emilio is getting. "Little does he know, a few months later he will be held at gunpoint by Emilio and will have to CHEMICALLY TREAT him in his bathtub." Whereas a third added: "WOW Wow WOW !! #BetterCallSaul #BreakingBad Kim wexler and pinkman with  Emilio WOW !! Speechless what an episode!!!" There is just one more episode left where fans will have to say goodbye to Better Call Saul for good. So far, no details regarding what's going to happen has been released for the instalment Saul Gone. It is known though that actor Bryan Cranston will be back one last time for a cameo appearance to bring the drama to a close. Better Call Saul season 6 will conclude on Monday, August 15, on AMC in America and Tuesday, August 16, on Netflix in the UK.