The actor and radio presenter, 58, had his Saturday night BBC Radio 2 show cancelled recently after eight years. Craig Charles' House Party aired from 10pm to midnight every weekend since 2014, but it was announced in June the show was being axed in a shake-up of the radio channel. Craig admitted he had "mixed feelings" about the cancellation because he was only told the BBC "wanted a change" and not given a "reason".  The former Coronation Street star continues to host BBC Radio 6 Music from 1pm to 4pm and The Craig Charles Funk and Soul Show on Saturday nights from 6pm to 9pm. When asked how he felt about the cancellation of the Saturday show, he explained: "I have mixed feelings. "I can see their point: I’m on 6 Music six days a week… [but] the Radio 2 show was performing well. "They couldn’t give me any reason other than they just wanted a change." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit Speaking to Radio Times, he continued: "You should never try and join a party if they don’t want you as a guest! "You can’t do everything. And if something had to go, I’d rather it be that." He also teased fans of the comedy series Red Dwarf by indicating more episodes could be on the horizon. "We did the 90-minute special The Promised Land in 2020 and were going to do two more specials, but then the pandemic happened," he stated. He told the publication the cast are all "willing" to do more with the show, but wouldn't unless it's "significant". After 12 series, the sitcom came to an end, but Craig has said before he would love for it to make a return before it's too late. Earlier this year, he told Express.co.uk: "We’d like to do more while we still can, I mean have you seen the state of the others? I'm the only one with my own hair. "Everyone’s still there, I'm still in contact with them. DON'T MISS... Fastest Finger First viewers blast 'pointless' new Millionaire spinoff [REACTION]Aidan Turner in sweet tribute to The Suspect co-stars [LATEST]Aidan Turner details scary The Suspect stunt [EXCLUSIVE] "I hope there’s at least one last special in us. It’s all about time." Craig also expressed how grateful he was to have been a part of the series, which ran from 1988 to 1999. He said: "Red Dwarf is the bedrock of my career, I’d never turn my back on it." Taking on the role of Dave Lister, Craig brought to life the third technician of the Jupiter Mining Corporation spaceship, Red Dwarf. The comedy returned to screens briefly for a special episode in 2018, bringing in record-breaking ratings for Dave. Reuniting for 90 minutes, the original cast delighted viewers with a two-part extravaganza and at the time, hinted there would be more. With the cast still seemingly hoping for more, fans will no doubt be waiting with anticipation for updates. Red Dwarf is available to watch on Amazon Prime.