Carol Vorderman has issued a warning to her followers after she stumbled upon a concerning scam online. The 61-year-old took to Instagram to urge the public to “report” it so the perpetrators can be stopped. Via her Story, Carol told her 238,000 followers: Warning! The fake account makers are at it again. “Just to reconfirm...This is the only account I have. “Anything else is just pretending to be me and probably after some scam so please if you get a request from one of them, report it. “Thank you. This one has the blue tick.” READ MORE:Paul O'Grady breaks silence on reason for BBC Radio exit Carol is currently spending time at a juice retreat in Portugal.She has consistently updated fans with clips and photographs from the tranquil resort where she says she has done lots of “yoga, gym, swimming, paddleboarding and chilling out”.Luckily, it doesn’t appear that news of scammers targeting her Instagram page has affected her too much as she spent the afternoon at the gym.The former Countdown star shared an impressive series of snaps showcasing her rock-hard abs and toned biceps. Carol headed to the gym wearing leopard print leggings and a pink and purple sports bra.She wore her blonde hair down as she took a picture of herself in the gym mirror. In the caption, Carol said: “Spending a fair bit of time in the gym here....learning new routines thanks to @sarahwillingham and @robrinder too. “BOOOMMMMM #notgivingup #gym #upperbodyworkout.” (sic) DON'T MISSBrad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed[INSIGHT]Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini[PICTURES]Loose Women host Charlene White addresses viewers 'switching off'[NEWS] Carol previously sent her followers into a frenzy when she snapped herself ready to go swimming wearing a Bond Girl-style bikini.The bold black and pink two-piece featured low-rise bottoms to show off her sculpted abs.Hundreds took to the comments to share their astonishment. Good Morning Britain’s Susanna Reid shared a series of emojis including fire and a love heart.A fan named Kala added: “Omg you look amazing...look at that tummy...wow.”Johnny echoed: “Wow you look amazing! Enjoy your swim.”And Frank gushed: “Looking absolutely gorgeous with your beautiful smile Carol.”