We have a proud history of defending our allies and bringing the world closer together through trade, commerce, and diplomacy. We have one of the world’s biggest economies, public services which are recognised the world over and unparalleled soft power. Even our football teams are quite good now. But we could be better at remembering all of this. It is a British tendency to sometimes see the glass as half empty. There is cause for optimism. We can turn the ship around, and this Conservative leadership contest gives us a chance to. In Liz Truss, we can elect a Prime Minister who is optimistic and who loves our country. Liz believes that our best days are ahead of us and her plan for our country will unleash the growth and prosperity we know is within our reach. Her vision is based on Conservative values. She knows that we cannot tax our way to growth. Every pound taken out of the economy in tax is one less that can go towards investing in the great British businesses that provide high-wage jobs and drive prosperity and opportunity throughout the country. We need to cut taxes now – and stop them from rising further – to get our economy back on track. Liz Truss is right to put a stop to the coming rise in corporation tax which would deter businesses from coming here and investing just when we need them the most. She is also right to reverse the National Insurance rise – meaning businesses will no longer have to pay more tax for each person they hire. Under Liz, businesses will be freed to grow, and hard-working employees will keep more of the money they earn. Liz’s vision for our country is also one that is finally free to make the decisions that are right for us. She has pledged to review the regulations still on the statute books from the EU and scrap any that don’t work for the UK. No longer will our businesses be shackled by rules that don’t work for us. We need to be bold, we need to be dynamic and we need to have the confidence to act now, not tomorrow or the next day. This is rooted in a belief in Britain that Liz shares. The status quo is not working. People are struggling to make ends meet – now is not the time for business as usual. With Liz’s bold and optimistic plan for the economy, we can deliver the high-wage, high-productivity, and low-tax economy that we need. We need to have confidence in our brilliant businesses and our excellent entrepreneurs to do what they do best – create wealth and drive progress. This is truly our only option if we are to see ourselves out of this crisis and be better prepared for the next one. This is why I’m supporting Liz Truss – she gets that and has a plan to deliver it. The Rt Hon James Cleverly is MP for Braintree and Secretary of State for Education. 