Van der Valk, the 70s detective show, was rebooted and given a makeover in 2020 for ITV. Two years on and the drama is returning to the small screen for brand new episodes. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching Van der Valk season two. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Van der Valk. Van der Valk season two will premiere on Sunday, August 7, at 8pm on ITV. The new series will consist of three episodes in total with each instalment acting as a stand-alone story, with a running time of two hours. A new episode is going to come out in the same time slot over three consecutive Sundays. This means that the series two finale will be out on Sunday, August 21. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring Once an episode has come out on ITV, it will then be available to watch on the streaming service ITV Hub. There is good news for American fans of the detective show as well, as the second series is going to come out Stateside. Van der Valk season two will premiere a few weeks later in the USA on Sunday, September 25 at 9pm ET on PBS. Fans can expect the same faces from series one to be back for the new episodes. Actor Warren, best known for Beecham House and The Good Wife, will be reprising his role as Commissaris Piet Van der Valk. He will once again be joined by  Grantchester star Maimie McCoy as his partner Detective Lucienne Hassell. Talking about the new series, Maimie said: "It’s been such an amazing response and such huge audiences. "I think as a team we’ve created something that’s the beginning of something brilliant. "We’re all itching to get back to it and building those relationships and creating those characters.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle to die as Paddy Kirk makes discovery [THEORY]Van Der Valk ITV start date: When does it start? How many episodes? [RELEASE DATE]Van Der Valk: ITV viewers left outraged by series finale  [REACTION] Also returning for the second series are Elliot Barnes-Worrell, Luke Allen-Gale and Darrell D'Silva. Years and Years actress Emma Fielding is making a comeback as Van der Valk's boss Julia Dahlman. Few details have been released so far in terms of what is going to happen in this new season. However, writer Chris Murray has given a little teaser as to what viewers can expect from the three new episodes. In a statement, Murray said: “Against the bustling backdrop of the stunning city of Amsterdam, Van der Valk and his team will continue to investigate and solve compelling murder mysteries in this latest season. "Storylines explored will include an explosive battle between an alternative community and the city’s establishment, the dysfunction of a family at the heart of the city’s historic diamond industry, and sexual exploitation within the world of classical music that goes right to the top.” Filming for the new season began in Amsterdam in June 2021 and wrapped up a few months later. Van Der Valk season 2 premieres on Sunday, August 7, at 8pm on ITV.