The Duke of Cambridge, his wife Kate, and their daughter Charlotte were all avid spectators at the Commonwealth Games on Tuesday, as they went on a whistle-stop tour of events in Birmingham. The trio watched in awe as they saw swimmers, hockey players and gymnasts compete at the four-yearly games, with nations from the Commonwealth competing for gold, silver and bronze. Charlotte was all giggles throughout the day as she saw history being made, including when Jake Jarman won a fourth gold medal to become the most successful English male gymnast at a single Games. William, who helped hand out the medals following England's Lionesses' incredible Euro 2022 win at Wembley on Sunday, has been well known for encouraging his children to get involved and join him when he's on royal duty at sporting events. Last year, for example, when England's men's football team reached the Euro 2020 final, William's eldest son George watched on as the home side lost to Italy on penalties. Earlier, George also joined Kate as she carried out her duties at the celebrated Wimbledon tennis tournament in London. While sport is clearly an important part of William's legacy, it has also helped him champion a series of causes close to his heart, including his Heads Together campaign, which aims to discuss mental health. On the campaign website, William said: "Through our work with young people, emergency response, homeless charities, and with veterans, we have seen time and time again that unresolved mental health problems lie at the heart of some of our greatest social challenges." In a bid to further enhance the campaign's brilliant message, William, 40, invited former Premier League footballer, and ex-England international, Peter Crouch for an interview for his podcast That Peter Crouch Podcast, in 2021. Alongside Peter, who played for the likes of Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton during his colourful career, for the interview was Radio 1 DJ Chris Stark, who revealed the scheduled meeting with William ended up taking three hours, as opposed to the originally planned 45 minutes. When together, the gang enjoyed a beer, William opting for a lager, before digging into a curry from Peter's local Indian takeaway. JUST IN: Kate & William make waves with younger generation in pics Speaking on the podcast, which aired in 2021 and was recorded in Kensington Palace, Chris said: "I think [William] genuinely enjoyed it. "At one point, this lady stood up to say that he's got to go on to his next appointment - god knows what that was - and he just binned it off. "I think he was having a good time and I'm sure he's got his own way of relaxing but in those two or three hours that we were in the Palace, I do think I saw a real side to him. "I genuinely saw a side to him where it was like 'you are a young lad as well'." DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's battle with 'onslaught' attempts to spark anger [INSIGHT]Best pictures of Princess Charlotte's latest outing [ANALYSIS]Prince William following Kate as Duke embraces European strategy [LATEST] He added: "I was really aware that we were there to kind of talk about his campaign, but then we were all a couple of pints into this conversation and then I found we were having a genuine chat with him. "You could see him drop having to think too much around the party line or whatever it was he was trying to focus on and just talk. "It was so nice to see." William is an avid Aston Villa fan, and recalled visiting their stadium to watch them in the FA Cup once, as he attempted to hide his presence from the media. George, however, hasn't followed in his father's footsteps, and the future monarch revealed the nine-year-old in fact supports Londoners Chelsea. Speaking on 2019's BBC Christmas special A Berry Royal Christmas, William said: "George has already written his list for Father Christmas. He loves his drawing, he's a very good drawer.' "We might give him something to do with drawing or football. "He's loving his football as well." The Duke was then asked whether George loved football because of him, he replied: "I try not to be too biased, I said you can support anyone but Chelsea, so naturally he supports Chelsea." That Peter Crouch podcast is available to listen on BBC Sounds.