The rebate has been available to households in council tax bands A to D since April 1. Britons still waiting for their payment may be wondering how to get theirs. Local authorities have until September 30 to pay all eligible households. However, those who do not pay by direct debit have to actively apply for their money. Around five million households are said to be waiting for their payment. People who use direct debit to pay will already have given their bank details to their local council, making it easier for the authority to pay the £150 automatically. READ MORE: ‘Do I have enough to retire?’ Dave Ramsey shares how man, 55, can have 'more than enough'  Alternatively, they can also check the social media accounts of their local council as many have used this to spread the information. Councils may ask households to share their bank details with their local authority through an online form, or by simply sending households Post Office vouchers to redeem the cash in branch. However, it is important to make sure that someone redeems the voucher before its expiry date or else they’ll lose access to the rebate in cash as it'll be credited to their council tax account. The council tax rebate is available to people living in properties in council tax bands A, B, C or D in England and Wales. READ MORE: Britons could claim an extra £150 to help with energy bills this winter but deadline looms The deadline for receiving the money is September 30. Warnings have been issued from local authorities as scammers are contacting people pretending to be from the council asking people to hand over their bank details to receive the rebate. Age UK issued a warning about the hoax scheme, with fraudsters contacting people over the phone and by email. The charity said: “Local councils say they would never cold call or email and ask for your bank details to make the payment. “Do not give out your details.” People who have missed the deadline for their local council can still claim the money but this will be in the form of credit on the council tax account and not actual cash. Levelling Up Secretary Greg Clark said: “The cost of living is at the forefront of everyone’s minds and the support the government has put in place is helping millions of households. “We want to make sure everyone who is entitled to this cash receives it, so I urge people to check their bank accounts and speak to their council if they are yet to receive their £150 council tax rebate.”