Broadcaster Nick Ferrarin questioned the Duchess of Sussex's decision to speak ahead of the "darkest day" for the Royal Family, the 25th anniversary of Princess Diana's death. Mr Ferrari slammed Meghan Markle's controversial interview with The Cut, deeming it "not a good look", whilst also mentioning the nearing of the Queen's reign and Prince Harry and Prince William's ongoing feud. Mr Ferrari said: "Whatever the splits might be within the Royal Family, let's not forget that tomorrow will mark the darkest day in the history of the Royal Family for many many decades. "That will be the anniversary of the death of the Princess of Wales." Referring to a claim made by Meghan in The Cut interview, he added: "Whether Charles has lost Harry [or] Harry has lost Charles, he [Harry] lost his mum twenty-five years ago tomorrow." He added that the late Princess Diana's two sons are "further apart now than they have ever been". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle issued eight-word warning on 'real life Princess' claim The radio host continued: "This comes at a time, let's be honest, she's still in great form but we have a monarch who is, obviously, starting now to bring back some of her duties, it is likely that she will meet the next Prime Minister, [they will] make the journey up to Scotland rather than come down to Buckingham Palace. "This is quite right, the woman is in her nineties. "She is starting to move to the end of her reign." He concluded: "This is not a time when the Royal Family need to be riven, I would argue, this is not good for [the Queen] and not a good look for the Royal Family." READ MORE: Royal POLL: Is Meghan Markle right to return to social media? Duchess 'silenced no more' The Duchess of Sussex has recalled her experience during her short time in the Royal Family in a brand-new exclusive interview with The Cut. The interview, published on Monday, made references to her strained relationship with her husband Harry's family. The Duchess also gave her perception of the UK media. DON'T MISS Aside from Meghan, Harry has also experienced a strained relationship with the Royal Family, in particular with his elder brother Prince William. The once-close brothers have had ongoing tensions, which were heightened after Harry's exit. Writing in his book, Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the war between the Windsors, author Tom Bower wrote: "The Palace warned Harry there would be no more conversations or even contact if there were further leaks to the media". READ NEXT: