The aftermath of a home robbery has complicated Chelsea's summer pursuit of Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. He may require surgery to repair a broken jaw, potentially disrupting plans to sanction a Premier League return before Thursday's transfer deadline. According to The Athletic, Chelsea will continue 'intensive' talks with Barcelona over the 33-year-old on Wednesday as Thomas Tuchel eyes late attacking reinforcements. Barcelona's asking price is currently higher than what the Blues are willing to pay. There would also be reservations about the length of contract Aubameyang may demand at Stamford Bridge. But the deal has been complicated further by matters outside of all three parties' control after the former Arsenal captain was involved in a worrying home break-in. The report claims Aubameyang suffered a broken jaw while fending off intruders at his Barcelona home on Sunday. He attempted to protect his family during the 'violent robbery', and the injuries he sustained are expected to keep him out of action for weeks. JUST IN: Man Utd's seventh transfer in jeopardy as Ten Hag target 'opens talks' Aubameyang could undergo surgery to repair his broken jaw, which is said to open the realm of possibility for a quicker return from the sidelines than if he was to let it heal naturally. But it's a situation that could leave his hopes of a Premier League return in a perilous position with less than 48 hours to go until the summer transfer window slams shut. That said, it remains to be seen how the shocking incident has impacted Chelsea's stance over a potential transfer, with little time left to pursue alternatives. It's claimed there has been no suggestion a deal is at risk of collapse, and the scheduled meeting for Wednesday suggests that is the case. READ MORE: Chelsea's summer spend if they complete Gvardiol and Aubameyang deals Given Aubameyang's current situation, the report adds that a season-long loan deal is now a subject of the talks between Chelsea and Barcelona. The Gabon international could even join Tuchel's ranks in January if he's expected to be out for most of the action before club football pauses for the winter World Cup in Qatar. Tuchel will be desperate for further firepower after Chelsea suffered back-to-back away defeats at Southampton on Tuesday night. Raheem Sterling's £50million arrival from Manchester City has been a success so far, but the Blues are still missing a presence in the heart of the German coach's front line after Romelu Lukaku's Inter Milan return. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here