The warning covers most of the UK with the national weather service saying: "While some places stay dry, hit-and-miss thunderstorms will develop from Sunday night and on Monday, and may bring disruption in places." Thunderstorms could affect the following areas: Central, Tayside & Fife, South West England, North East England, Northern Ireland, Grampian, Wales, West Midlands, Highlands & Eilean Siar, London & South East England, North West England, East England, Dumfries, Galloway, Lothian & Borders, Yorkshire & Humber, Esat Midlands and Strathclyde. The extreme weather conditions could cause homes and businesses to be flooded quickly, with damage to some buildings from floodwater, lightning strikes, hail or strong winds. Met Office warned that where flooding or lightning strikes occur, there is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services. Spray and sudden flooding could also lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. Finally, there is a slight chance that power cuts could occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost. Whilst some places will avoid them, thunderstorms are likely to develop increasingly widely as we go through Monday. Storms will probably already be underway for Northern Ireland and parts of Scotland by early Monday, before also developing across parts of England and Wales by late morning and into the afternoon. Storms should begin to ease from the west later. Very locally 20-30 mm of rain is possible in an hour, and up to around 50 mm in three to six hours. Hail and frequent lightning are also possible. READ MORE: How much rain does the UK need to avoid drought? Latest charts  Thunderstorms occur due to the existence of cumulonimbus clouds, otherwise known as ‘The King of Clouds’, according to the Met Office. These are menacing-looking multi-level clouds, extending high into the sky in towers or plumes, and they are the only clouds that can produce hail, thunder and lightning. They are associated with extreme weather such as heavy torrential downpours, hail storms, lightning and even tornadoes. These latest warnings follow a series of extreme heat warnings from the Met Office that was issued for a four-day period from Thursday, August 11 until Sunday, August 14. The next week could bring some much-needed rain to the country that faces a drought, with several hosepipe bans issued from water companies due to the unusually high temperatures this summer. DON'T MISS: Yorkshire Water hosepipe ban declared as Brits face new restrictionsWhat happens if a drought is declared? Rules Britons have to followBritain needs to invest in its water supply, says ROSS CLARK The ongoing dry conditions, combined with last month's record-breaking heatwave, have depleted rivers, reservoirs and aquifers and dried up soils, hitting agriculture, water supplies and wildlife and raising the risk of wildfires. Four water companies in England and Wales have already brought in hosepipe bans or have signalled their intention to do so, while the Wildlife Trusts have called for an England-wide hosepipe ban to protect nature and rivers. Some water companies have failed to meet their own targets for cutting household leaks and domestic use, with many blaming the coronavirus pandemic as more people have been at home. Ofwat, the water regulator. said in a statement: "Progress has been made in the past few years but there is much further to go, which is why we are pushing companies to reduce leakage, fix their environmental performance and become more financially resilient while keeping bills affordable and helping customers reduce their consumption. "Where we find that companies have fallen short, we will act - over the last five years, for example, we have imposed penalties and payments of over £250 million."