Melanie C, 48, took to the stage at Glastonbury in June for a surprise performance alongside English pop band, Blossoms. The Spice Girl’s appearance saw her burst onto the Other stage wearing her trademark Adidas tracksuit as the group performed an energetic rendition of Spice Up Your Life. It wasn’t the first time that Sporty Spice took to the stage either as she also played a DJ set on the William’s Green Stage the night before.In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Melanie said it was “amazing” to be back at the famous festival.She said: “I am doing lots of shows at the moment, I was in Belfast last weekend and I’m up North this weekend, but Glasto is its own thing.  “It is very, very special and I am very grateful to Blossoms for having me come up and do a little bit with them.” READ MORE:‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' However, Melanie also admitted that her fellow Spice Girl, Mel B, was “really annoyed” that she was not invited.Sporty said: “Mel B was really annoyed with me she was like, ‘Why wasn’t I there?!’ And I was like, ‘Because you’re in bl***y Australia you silly cow!’”Mel B is currently in Sydney where she is starring as a judge on The Masked Singer Australia.When asked whether fans will ever see the Spice Girls back on stage together, Melanie admitted that she would “love to”. She explained: “We would love to get back on stage together, but it’s just getting everything to work for everybody and everyone’s lives and responsibilities.  “But fingers crossed, looking ahead, that is what we would all like to happen.” DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry's appearance 'paint a thousand words' claims host[INSIGHT]Harry Gration's funeral: BBC star laid to rest as fans flood streets[NEWS]Charlene White hits out as she's blasted for Lionesses diversity query[LATEST] When asked whether it was ever a possibility, Melanie explained: “We would have loved to be there, but it was just one of those situations where it was impossible.  “With us girls, there is so much that we would like to do but there are four, five, people involved with families and other commitments and responsibilities.  “I think that was something that we had to miss, but we weren’t happy about it. Sometimes things don’t work out.”Nevertheless, fans were treated to a mini–Spice Girls reunion when Melanie was joined by Geri Horner at the Women’s Euro 2022 final on Sunday. 