US royal commentator Kinsey Schofield said there would be lots of excitement and press coverage if the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were to focus their time Stateside - now home to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. She said people would “sleep in the streets” for a “simple wave” after the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations created “fresh interest” in the royal couple and their children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.  Ms Schofield, founder of ToDiForDaily.com and author of book ‘R is for Revenge Dress’, told Express.co.uk: “The Queen's Platinum Jubilee really inspired a fresh interest in the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their children. “America is very interested and excited about Prince William and Catherine. “I think it will be Beatle-Mania 2.0 when they visit again. “Every major news station and entertainment news outlet will be sending teams. People will sleep in the streets for a simple wave. It is very exciting.” It comes as Prince William and Kate prepare to visit Boston in December for the Earthshot Prize, their first trip to the US in eight years. It’ll be their third time in America - in 2014, they visited New York and in 2011, they visited Los Angeles  READ MORE: Prince William 'jumped in a car to confront Harry' - claim The news prompted speculation the couple would embark on a full blown US tour. But Meghan and Harry’s biographer Omid Scobie said the tour was part of a bigger plan for Prince William to follow in his brother Harry’s footsteps and ramp up efforts to increase his popularity in the US. Mr Scobie said sources told him the father-of-three was “keen” for his work to have an “impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble” with efforts ramped up particularly in America, where his brother resides with his wife Meghan Markle and their two children.  DON'T MISS  Royal Family LIVE: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options [BLOG]Kate’s recollections of dating Prince William [INSIGHT]Prince William describes approach to dating [REVEALED] Writing for Yahoo, co-author of Finding Freedom, Mr Scobie said: “A steady stream of orchestrated appearances from George, Charlotte and Louis – and William and Kate’s efforts during the pandemic – has helped the Cambridges’ popularity rise. “And it seems Kensington Palace is now hoping they can do the same in the US. “It’s why William sat down with People magazine, still one of the country’s most read magazines, last summer for a rare interview.  “‘William is keen for his work to be seen and have impact outside of the UK and the royal bubble’ a source tells me. “The charitable landscape in America is huge and he wants to have a presence.” Cele Otnes, a US professor of marketing specialising in how the Firm brands itself, previously told Express.co.uk how Americans see Kate and William as the “future of the royal brand” which is “not the case for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry". She said: “I think I can safely say that if they come, there will be no doubt they will be received warmly and there will be lots of press coverage —and crowds where allowed —accompanying their visit. “People understand them as the future of the royal brand, and that certainly not the case for Meghan and Harry."