West Ham United have agreed a deal with Lyon to sign midfielder Lucas Paqueta, who has also been linked with the likes of Arsenal and Newcastle United in recent months, for a club-record transfer fee. The Hammers had been locked in discussions with Paqueta's representatives after firming up their interest in his services last week and it seems as though his proposed move to the London Stadium is now closer than ever. West Ham are set to pay Lyon a transfer fee in the region of £50million in exchange for Paqueta after holding fresh talks with the French heavyweights, Express Sport understands. This figure will eclipse the club-record £45m that was paid to Eintracht Frankfurt to land Sebastian Haller back in 2019 if the move goes through as expected over the next few days. Personal terms have already been discussed with Paqueta and his representatives, with West Ham moving towards the agreement of a long-term contract for the 24-year-old. Other clubs had previously held early talks with Lyon regarding a move for the midfielder, but the Hammers have seemingly won the race for his signature and will now be aiming to wrap up the finer details of the move as a matter of priority. Arsenal had been credited with a strong interest in Paqueta earlier in the summer window but did not act on their desire to bring him to the Emirates Stadium following the capture of Fabio Vieira from Porto back in June. Newcastle were also said to be among the clubs to have kept tabs on the Brazilian playmaker, while Tottenham had been tentatively linked with a potential move before splurging a combined total of £107m on seven new signings. JUST IN: Ronaldo's reaction emerges after brutal Man Utd treatment from Ten Hag Paqueta chipped in with six assists and nine goals for Lyon over the course of last season, with his attacking contributions helping the French outfit to secure an eighth-placed finish in Ligue 1. He has featured in two of Lyon's three league matches since the start of the new campaign but looks to have played his last game for the club as a result of the progress made by West Ham in negotiating his proposed move to England. The Hammers have already been tipped to reap the rewards of Paqueta's impending arrival by respected South American football expert Tim Vickery, who believes that he will be a brilliant addition to David Moyes' squad once he finds his feet in the Premier League. "Lucas Paqueta is a very classy player, he’d be a wonderful asset to West Ham and to the Premier League because he has real left-footed class," Vickery told Sky Sports. "He is an elegant attacking midfielder. He’s so versatile. I’ve seen him playing for Brazil and fill three different positions in the same game reasonably well. He’s really an attacking midfielder but he can also play up front. "You can play him as a withdrawn winger, and deeper in midfield, although there is a problem there as sometimes he can give the ball away too close to his own goal because he’s showboating." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here