Manchester United are yet to finalise an agreement with Adrien Rabiot after football director John Murtough left Italy without completing a deal for the Juventus midfielder. The transfer guru had travelled to Turin for negotiations with the player’s agent Veronique, only to be pictured jetting off back to the UK without concluding an agreement on personal terms. The United chief was spotted boarding a flight to leave Turin after meeting the mother and agent of Juventus star Rabiot on Friday. A video shared to social media appeared to show Murtough getting out of a car and entering the airport. Talks are ongoing between the two parties as United attempt to thrash out an £18m transfer for the France international, with mounting pressure on Murtough to get the deal over the line. It is believed Rabiot, 27, is keen for a long-term contract that will see him earn in the region of £200,000-a-week. Negotiations are proving to be more difficult than first thought, with Rabiot reportedly holding out for a contract worth £200,000-a-week. But as United’s desperation to add new signings to the squad becomes more urgent, the Red Devils may be forced to pay over the odds to guarantee Erik ten Hag gets the players he wants. READ MORE: Man Utd have offered Adrien Rabiot less than Van de Beek and Martinez United switched their focus to Rabiot after failing to lure Frenkie de Jong away from Barcelona, with the Dutchman understood to favour a move to Chelsea if he does leave the Catalan giants this summer. While Murtough had played a key role in agreeing a £71m package for the 25-year-old, United have wasted weeks trying to convince the midfielder to join when he had publicly stated his reluctance to leave Barca. And that, combined with the fact the Premier League giants have added only three new signings this summer, has added more scrutiny to Murtough’s work. United’s major squad overhaul has not gone to plan, with only Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez arriving this summer as new recruits. Ten Hag has been left short of quality options in depth after a flurry of departures from Old Trafford this summer, including Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'hold talks' over Morata as Ten Hag steps up striker searchMan Utd 'expected' to miss out on Depay despite approachMan Utd may already have solution if they suffer De Jong misery Even the departures of backup players such as Jesse Lingard, Alex Telles and Juan Mata has left United boss Ten Hag with a small squad and it is on Murtough to negotiate deals to bring his targets with three weeks remaining of the transfer window. The 52-year-old admitted he would have preferred to sign a striker earlier in the transfer window, but stopped short of describing their business as “disastrous” when asked about their failure to sign a striker or holding midfielder. “No, and of course once again it would be my preference because we could be starting the process earlier,” Ten Hag said in his press conference on Friday. “That’s quite clear but at the end of the day the season is long and you have to get in the right players.” The urgency to sign Rabiot and bring in a new striker is not lost on Murtough, such were his attempts to travel to Italy to meet Rabiot’s mother in person. And if he manages to strike an agreement in the coming days, it will provide some relief to the under-fire United supremo.