Hollywood cancels movies all the time, but pretty much that's always before the film has begun shooting. However, Warner Bros have taken the radical move of deciding to not release two of their latest movies that are “practically completed” at all. The movies getting the chop were set to stream on HBO Max (and presumably NOW in the UK) and they are Batgirl and the animated Scoob! Holiday Haunt. The $90 million DC Comics movie starring Leslie Grace in the title role sees JK Simmons reprising Commissioner Gordon from Justice League, Michael Keaton returning as Batman and Brendan Fraser playing the villain Firefly. Directors Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah have both been in Morocco for the previous’ wedding and had hoped to return to the US to finish editing the movie. Meanwhile, the $40 million Scooby Doo sequel to 2020’s Scoob! was “getting very close to wrapping it up”, according to director Michael Kurinsky, who added last week: “I can’t wait for everybody to see it.” Since the news, Scoob! Holiday Haunt writer and producer Tony Cervone has written on Instagram: “Yes, I am afraid this is true. The movie is practically finished and turned out beautifully. I am beyond heartbroken.” One rival studio executive has anonymously said: “Worked in this town for three decades and this is some unprecedented s*** right here.” So just what is going on? According to Deadline’s sources, in both cases, the filmmakers have been told the reason was a “purchase accounting” manoeuvre that is currently available to Warner Discovery after changing hands – a tax break which expires in mid-August. This means the company doesn’t have to carry losses on its books when dealing with $3 billion of debt. READ MORE: Batgirl backlash: Fans rage over costume choice Aside from finances, insiders claim Batgirl had a test screening with rumours banding around that it was a poor movie and “a huge disappointment”. Although other sources claim it wasn’t that bad and didn’t influence the decision. Instead, Warner Bros Discovery’s new boss David Zaslav – who became CEO and president after WarnerMedia merged with AT&T and Discovery earlier this year – has a new strategy. Previously it had been on building HBO Max subscriptions in the wake of the pandemic, with simultaneous releases in cinemas or shortened windows between platforms last year. Yet now the focus is on blockbuster theatrical releases, especially for the DC brand. The two scrapped movies cannot compete with their big screen counterparts and the company doesn’t want to waste millions more promoting them. And given the tax break too, it’s simply more financially sound for the studio to leave both projects unreleased. DON'T MISSThe Flash test screening ‘unveils fate of Ben Affleck’s Batman’ [THE FLASH]Michael Keaton Batman returns after 30 years: FIRST LOOK in The Flash [MICHAEL KEATON]Batman: George Clooney requested with ‘RETURNING’ Christian Bale [BATMAN RUMOURS] Warner Bros Discovery said in a statement: “The decision to not release Batgirl reflects our leadership’s strategic shift as it relates to the DC universe and HBO Max. Leslie Grace is an incredibly talented actor and this decision is not a reflection of her performance. We are incredibly grateful to the filmmakers of Batgirl and Scoob! Holiday Haunt and their respective casts and we hope to collaborate with everyone again in the near future.” Meanwhile, DC movies The Flash and Aquaman: Fallen Kingdom are still set for release in cinemas in 2023. SOURCE