Arsenal may have to move fast to sign Youri Tielemans following the injury to Liverpool star Thiago Alcantara. The Gunners have been linked with Tielemans throughout the summer but could potentially face further competition in the latter weeks of the window. Liverpool are set to be without Spain ace Thiago for six weeks. The 31-year-old suffered a hamstring injury in Saturday's opening-day draw at Fulham. Before that match, there were already calls for Jurgen Klopp to sign another midfield player this summer. Former Reds defender Jamie Carragher was one who felt an addition was needed in that position. He told The Overlap: "Liverpool can still do with someone in midfield, not in terms of numbers wise, in terms of quality wise." And perhaps the injury to Thiago could tempt Klopp into the market. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye Rabiot partner, De Jong's Boehly chat, Spurs bid  Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is also out with a hamstring problem picked up in pre-season. With a busy period between now and the World Cup in November, the Reds could do with a new body in the middle of the park. Tielemans has entered the final year of his contract at Leicester, so would not be too expensive. And with over 150 games in English football, he could be an option for Klopp. Therefore, Arsenal technical director Edu must move fast if the 25-year-old is a top target in the remainder of the window. If Liverpool come calling, the lure of playing Champions League football for a club who have been serial trophy winners in recent seasons may convince him to move to Anfield over the Emirates. Tielemans played the entirety of Leicester's 2-2 draw at home to Brentford on Saturday. He is set to be part of the Foxes squad for the visit to Arsenal this weekend. DON'T MISSMilan 'respond to Arsenal's enquiry for Tonali' after meetingArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of windowChelsea may now regret rejecting Bayern bid as Tuchel begs for transfers  Speaking in pre-season, Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers insisted the former Monaco ace had acted with the utmost professionalism despite turning down offers of a new contract. Rodgers said: "There’s no update at all. He’s an amazing guy to work with. "He’s just re-joined the club [for pre-season] and he’s pretty much the same. In training he’s very committed. "He’s happy in his work and he’s happy at the club. But naturally with a year in his contract he may feel he has to look at everything for him and his family. But I certainly know he’s committed while he is here. "I’ll have a good chat with Youri next week to get privately what he’s thinking. But it won’t change, whether he’s leaving or staying for another five years, he’ll still be super committed."  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here