Escape to the Chateau has been part of Channel 4's line-up for the past seven years, documenting Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree's journey in restoring a chateau from top to bottom. Having left their lives in Southend-on-sea behind, the married duo opted to purchase the derelict chateau with the idea of restoring it to its former glory. While viewers now associate the Château de la Motte-Husson with the famous couple, Dick and Angel weren't always the owners. Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree purchased the beautiful French chateau in 2015, but before then, it had stood empty for 40 years. For two centuries, the site of the castle was deemed a "fortified stronghold", according to Dick. It was then in 1406, that the castle was named the Château de la Motte-Husson by the Husson family, the Seigneurs of Montgiroux. The estate was later acquired by the de Baglion family, descendants of the princes of Perugia, in 1600. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring Dick and Angel's beloved chateau was rebuilt in the enclosure of the old square moat over a six-year period from 1868. It is believed that it was down to Countess Dorothée who informed her husband that she wanted a grand chateau on the site of the fort. Her main residence was 100 miles away to the South West near Nantes, with the family spending their winters in the milder maritime climate. It was then during the summer months that they decided to venture to the chateau. Over the years, the chateau had been passed down through generations of the de Baglion family. Guy de Baglion de la Dufferie had received the bare title to it from Xavier Marie Octave, Count de Baglion de la Dufferie and his wife, Elisabeth Marie Joseph Marthe Charlotte Treton de Vaujuas de Langan in 1954, as a part of a dowry. He owned the chateau until his death in 1999 when it was passed to his wife and children. For four decades, the house remained unoccupied until the Strawbridges got involved. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off confirms three major cast announcements [CAST]Escape to the Chateau project 'causing problems' for Angel Adoree [EXPLAINER]Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel on staff love story  [REVEALED] Dick explained on the Escape to the Chateau's official website how they still live in close proximity to the French family. He said: "We found the chateau in October 2014 and purchase was completed January 2015. "Our neighbours include members of the de Baglion family, who have been nothing but welcoming and continued to maintain the property even after we had paid our deposit." There will be plenty more to come of the beloved TV couple and their stunning home. Escape to the Chateau will be back for a ninth season on Channel 4, Dick and Angel have confirmed. As of yet, there has been no word of an official return date for the docu-series. However, it is believed that Escape to the Chateau is going to be back on screens sometime later this year. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.