The first phase of ex-MoD properties in Linton-on-Ouse, North Yorkshire has been "snapped up", with all eight three-bedroom houses now reserved. The village has been in the news over the past few months due to controversial plans by the government to open an asylum accommodation and processing centre at the former RAF base. This prompted an outcry from locals and campaigners worried about the impact on the village, reports Yorkshire Live. Earlier this week though defence secretary Ben Wallace said he has "withdrawn" the site. A government spokesperson later confirmed that the site is no longer under consideration to accommodate asylum seekers. Now it has been confirmed that most of the former MoD properties, on sale through local agent William H Brown, have been sold to local buyers who the agent says have been attracted "by the great location and attractive price point" and access to amenities like the village school, shop, pub restaurant and Post Office. The semi-detached family homes are in a residential location and have rear gardens, private garages and driveway parking. Karen Watson, Branch Manager at William H Brown, said: "Our office has been inundated with enquiries. These properties in Linton-on-Ouse have proven extremely desirable, thanks to their attractive rural setting, and the homes themselves tick the right boxes for pretty much every buyer." The properties are priced from £245,000, and feature a living room, separate dining room, kitchen and WC downstairs, and three bedrooms and family bathroom upstairs. The village of Linton-on-Ouse is named for the River Ouse on the south of the village which stretches down to York, around 10 miles and half an hour away by car through rolling fields and countryside. Last year parts of the village became a "ghost town" after the RAF base closure lead to whole streets of ex military homes standing empty. Some families who had rented the homes from owner Annington were evicted even though they were desperate to buy their homes. Stacy Whitehead, Marketing Manager at housing company Annington which owned the houses, adds: "We are delighted to see these comfortable homes about to be put to good use again, filled with families and first time buyers. "There is a national shortage of three-bedroom homes, so we’re not surprised that the majority were reserved so quickly, especially given the competitive price. "We are looking forward to releasing more homes to the market shortly, so we would urge anyone looking for this kind of property to register their interest with our selling agent so they will be the first to know when they become available.” To find out more about the properties for sale in Linton-on-Ouse, please contact the selling agent William H Brown by clicking here.