Rising energy bills will leave many British households struggling this winter. Lower temperatures mean using more household appliances, which will lead to higher energy bills. However, there are changes families can make to the appliances that cost the most to power - and making these changes now could help them save money in the long run. According to experts at Boiler Central, monitoring the top energy-guzzling appliances in they home now can help households save money come winter. It is worth keeping an eye on common household devices, such as the boiler, washing machines, and kettle. Boilers cost the most to power, leaving the typical family £78 out of pocket a month. Lowering the temperature on your boiler can cut yearly energy bills by £67.20 for every 10C cut. READ MORE: How to get a 'sparkling clean oven' without 'harsh chemicals' A washing machine costs a four-person household £14 a month to run, which adds up to £168 a year. To save money, it is worth washing your clothes with cold water and later air drying them instead of using the tumble dryer. Making sure your washing machine is clean will also improve its performance and help the appliance to last longer. According to Energy Saving Trust, washing clothes at 30 degrees opposed to higher temperatures will save you around 40 percent of the energy used each year. Reducing your washing temperatures from 40 to 30 degrees could cut £12 off annual bills. DON'T MISS: 'Disappears!' Clean marks off walls in seconds with ‘special solution’ [REVEALED]‘Leaves clothes bone dry’: ‘Cheap’ and ‘effective’ way to dry clothes [EXPLAINER]'Do not use bleach': Key reason to avoid it is to clean a toilet tank [COMMENT] A D-rated fridge freezer costs the average family £13 a month. However, people with the most energy-efficient A-rated devices would be put £7 out of pocket each month. According to Boiler Central, a dishwasher costs UK households £10.30 a month. Hand-washing dishes means lower energy costs, but higher water bills. Kettles are surprisingly expensive to run. Using your kettle for just 15 minutes a day adds up to £9.60 to a bill each month. There are, however, simple tricks households can do to save them 84p a day. This is to boil the kettle when it is half-full instead of full - a full kettle is more expensive to run because it uses more energy to boil more water. Another way to cut costs is to descale the kettle as limescale can block the heat elements which uses more energy. A cheap way to clean the appliance is to fill it with vinegar and water, leave for 30 minutes, and then boil the kettle. Another appliance which can be expensive to run is the television. But turning the device off at the wall can save you £12 a year, according to Boiler Central. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Although laptops are not as energy-hungry as other appliances, unplugging your device when you are not using it can save you 13p a day, or £4.87 a year. Meanwhile, microwaves cost £1.60 a month if used for just 10 minutes each day. However, these appliances also drain power when plugged in and on standby - up to £16 a year, in fact. Lastly, mobile phones cost around 44p every month to charge, but unplugging phone chargers when you're not using them can mean savings of up to £2 a year.