Carol Hunt, 60, had been to the furniture giant's branch near her home and paid £3,200 for the set back in January.  She says the set was due to be delivered at the end of March but it never arrived as there were delays in its delivery from China. When it did arrive in June the settee wouldn't fit through Carol's door, StokeonTrent Live reports, and it was taken back. The set returned in July but, this time, Carol says it was damaged. She said: "At the start of July he brought it in and I said that was the wrong one. I gave him my order number and he thought it was at the back of the van. He had to move a few bits - all the furniture was put on top of it. It should have been taken to pieces but they took it to pieces on the road. “They brought mine in and set it all up. It didn’t look like a new three piece. "It had been in the back of the van with all the furniture on top of it. The arm on the chair is all wrinkled and flat - and the settee on the right hand side is ripped.” Carol added: “When you’ve paid that much money, the service shouldn’t be poor. I got in touch with DFS and told them I am not happy. The settee and chair are damaged. An inspector should’ve come out on July 15 so I waited all day and night and he never came. “It cost me a lot of money and took me a long time to save for it. I’d like a replacement, I’m not going to settle for anything else.” DFS has apologised "for any inconvenience caused" and has confirmed that a member of staff was due to visit Carol on Wednesday (August 3).  A spokesman said: "At DFS, we’re committed to providing our customers with high quality products and excellent service and we sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused to Ms Hunt. The service visit will consist of one of our experienced upholstery experts assessing the condition of the sofa and reporting back to the customer services team, who will then advise on the next course of action. "Once this has been completed, our customer services team will be in touch with Ms Hunt to arrange a swift resolution to the issue raised. We thank Ms Hunt for her patience during this time and look forward to working with her to resolve the issue as quickly as possible." 