If bathtub or shower drains are backed up, there’s a high chance that hair is the culprit. A hair clog is a type of clog that almost everyone encounters at some point. Even with a drain stopper, short and long hair will still find its way down the drain and create clumps that slowly block the pipes. In such a situation, Britons need to figure out how to get hair out of the drain. When faced with clogged drains, many people run to harsh chemical drain cleaners. However, most of these products are caustic and could slowly damage your plumbing pipes, while others call the plumber immediately and end up spending a lot. The good news is that there are some easy and economical home remedies you can use to get hair out of a drain. Plumbing experts at The Shroom Company suggested using good old baking soda and white vinegar to clear drains. READ MORE: ‘Best way’ to tackle shower limescale with just one ingredient They said: “Baking soda and white vinegar is a very powerful combination that can help clear nasty hair clogs. “Besides helping dissolve hair in your drain, baking soda also has disinfectant qualities that can fight fungi and bacteria. “There are two simple steps you need to follow to clear clogs with baking soda and vinegar.” The first step is to pour one cup of baking soda down the blocked drain, followed immediately with one cup of vinegar. This will create a chemical reaction that produces fizzing to eradicate the blockage. DON'T MISS: Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [EXPERT]‘Excellent homemade traps’ to get rid of ants and flies in your home [TIPS]Five plants to avoid growing in your garden - ‘deadly poisonous’ [INSIGHT] After about 10 minutes, once the fizzing has stopped, homeowners then need to pour one litre of boiling water down the drain. To test if the cleaning solution has been effective, turn on the tap to see if the water is draining properly. If the drain is still blocked, repeat the two steps. Homeowners might have to repeat the process several times for stubborn hair clogs. The experts also suggested using a pair of pliers or a wire hanger as a “great way” to unclog drains. They said: “For this, you will need rubber gloves, a screwdriver, a flashlight, and needle-nose pliers.” Firstly, remove the drain stopper. If you cannot pry the stopper off manually, use the screwdriver. READ MORE: Interior features that make a home ‘instantly look cheap’ Using a flashlight and wearing gloves, find the clog and use the needle-nose pliers to pull out the clump of hair. If the pliers cannot fit the drain or reach the clog, try a wire hanger. To do this the experts advised: “Simply straighten out a coat hanger and make a hook at the end. “Insert it into the drain, fish around for a hair clump, and pull it out. Once the drain is clear, flush it out with one litre of hot water." Plungers are some of the most common household tools used for clearing blocked drains. There are a wide range of plungers on the market, each designed to work with different kinds of drains. The plumbing pros suggested: “For bathroom sinks, tubs, or shower drains, use a sink or standard plunger. “This kind of plunger has a rubber cup at the end of a wooden or plastic handle. “It is ideal for flat surfaces like a sink or tub since the cup needs to lay flat over the drain.” To use them, place the plunger over the drain. Pour water into the sink, tub or shower until the plunger is submerged. Pump the plunger down and up six or seven times in quick succession. Then remove the plunger from the drain opening to see if the water drains away. If it doesn’t, repeat the process. Once the clog is cleared, pour one litre of water down the drain to flush out any debris.