During Dan Wootton’s Tonight show on GB News, the host and other contributors paid tribute to the late actress after her death was announced by her husband, John Easterling, in a social media post. The 73-year-old was best known for playing Sandy in the 1978 film Grease.  Introducing Monday’s instalment of the show, Dan informed his viewers of the heartbreaking news of Olivia’s passing. Paying tribute to the actress, Dan said: “Like many of you, I’m heartbroken by this news. “Grease is my all-time favourite movie.” The GB News presenter then played a clip of Olivia singing Hopelessly Devoted To You, saying this is how he will remember her.   He added: “Olivia Newton-John, an all-time great, forever a fighter, forever Sandy. “Lost to the world at just 73 after 30 years of battling breast cancer, what a sad day.” Dan then spoke to his panel who reacted to the news of the actress’s passing. Daily Express columnist Carole Malone said: “You mentioned earlier that she was the testament of triumph and hope and she was!”   The journalist reemphasized Dan’s statement on Olivia being a fighter after thinking she only had a few years left to live after first being diagnosed. Speaking about Olivia, Carole said: “She pioneered new methods, new medicines, she gave hope to women all over the world who have breast cancer. “I’m very sad but I’m also in a stupid way proud, it sounds ridiculous, but I am.” She told Dan the star will be missed and applauded how she carried on working for many years.   Earlier this evening, Olivia’s husband revealed the news of her death on her official Instagram page to her 520,000 followers. With a headshot of the star smiling to the camera dressed in white, the statement shared that she passed peacefully. He asked that people respect the family's privacy during this time before saying some kind words about his wife. Part of the caption said: “Olivia has been a symbol of triumph and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer   “Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine ad cancer. “In lieu of flowers, the family asks that any donations be made in her memory to the Olivia Newton-John Foundation.” The 73-year-old's friend and Grease co-star John Travolta also paid tribute to the late actress on social media. In an Instagram post, he said her impact was “incredible” before signing off the post as: “Your Danny, your John.”  