In the latest edition of New York magazine, The Cut, journalist Allison P. Davis, discussed going with Meghan to pick Archie up from his preschool in California. Ms Davis claimed that the Duchess said that if Archie were in school in the UK, she would not be able to pick him up without a swarm of paparazzi meeting them at the school gates. She said: "Earlier in our conversation about her goals for the life she’s creating here, [Meghan] remarked upon how, if Archie were in school in the U.K., she’d never be able to do school pickup and drop-off without it being a royal photo call with a press pen of 40 people snapping pictures. “Sorry, I have a problem with that. That doesn’t make me obsessed with privacy. That makes me a strong and good parent protecting my child,” Meghan says." However, the Duchesses comments have been called "misleading" by a number of British journalists.  GB News' Dan Wootton, argued that Meghan's claims are "rubbish" since William and Kate often take their children to school unseen. Writing on Twitter, he said: "[This is] extraordinary. "Meghan claims there would be a royal press pen with 40 photographers each time she took Archie to school. Rubbish! "William and Kate drop their kids off to school most days sight unseen." Adding to the criticism, Daily Mail Diary editor Richard Eden said: "It's important that the misleading claims made by #Meghan in this interview are exposed." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle issued eight-word warning  Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer added: "I’m afraid Meghan is a fantasist if she believes this would be a daily occurrence in the UK, where the @ipsonews code has strict rules about the treatment of children in education." The Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) is the independent regulator of the majority of the UK's newspapers and magazines. Newspapers regulated by IPSO must follow the Editor's Code of Practice and could face a hefty fine if they break the code. Clause 6 of the code states that children should be free to complete their school time without unnecessary intrusion and must not be approached or photographed without permission from the school authorities.  It adds that editors must not use the fame or notoriety of a child's parents as the sole justification for publishing details about their private life. Journalists would therefore not be able to turn up to Archie's school gates to photograph him and his mother without breaching the code. Meghan and Harry stepped down from senior royal duties in 2020 and relocated to North America. The couple claimed that part of their reasoning for the move was Meghan's treatment by the British press.  DON'T MISS: Adil Ray defends Meghan Markle for getting 'unfair treatment'[REACTION]                     Queen 'struggling to stand' as monarch's aides avoid 'awkwardness' [INSIGHT] Meghan 'bolted into the house' to reunite with Archie after fire [REVEAL]  In an explosive interview with Oprah in 2021, Meghan revealed that the pressure of royal life and of being under the microscope had led her to have suicidal thoughts. She said: "Look, I was really ashamed to say it at the time and ashamed to have to admit it to Harry especially, because I know how much loss he has suffered, but I knew that if I didn't say it, then I would do it. Meghan said. "I just didn't want to be alive anymore." The Duchess and Prince Harry now live in Montecito California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org. 