Manchester United have had an offer for Marko Arnautovic rejected by Serie A side Bologna, according to reports. The Austria international has emerged as a surprising transfer target for the Red Devils amid the uncertainty over Cristiano Ronaldo’s future. The forward is familiar to Erik ten Hag, who previously managed the veteran at FC Twente in the Netherlands. Manchester United want to sign a new forward before the summer transfer window slams shut on September 1. Edinson Cavani has left the club, while the long-term futures of both Mason Greenwood and Ronaldo are currently shrouded in uncertainty. In recent days, it’s emerged United have an interest in former West Ham and Stoke striker Arnautovic. The 33-year-old is back in Europe these days with Bologna, having previously spent three years strutting his stuff in the Chinese Super League. And Gianluca Di Marzio has now claimed United have seen an offer worth £7million to £8m turned down by the Serie A side. Arnautovic is key to their plans, having impressed last term by notching 14 goals and clocking up one assist from 333 league matches. He also scored once in the Coppa Italia, too. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative And he’s familiar to Ten Hag having started off his career at FC Twente before he then joined Inter Milan on loan in 2009. Since then, Arnautovic has had spells at Werder Bremen, Stoke, West Ham and Shanghai Port - as well as Bologna. And whether United make a second bid for the striker as they eye reinforcements before the transfer deadline is something only time will tell. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join United are currently short on firepower. Cavani left the club earlier in the summer after spending two years at Old Trafford, having struggled for game time under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Ronaldo wants to join the Uruguay international out of the exit door, with the Portugal international eager to play in the Champions League. Greenwood may never play for the club again, while Anthony Martial’s injury problems have already struck again with the France international set to miss Sunday’s match with Brighton. United have been linked with Antony and Benjamin Sesko, of Ajax and Red Bull Salzburg respectively. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But Arnautovic would be a far cheaper option. Speaking at the end of last month, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted more signings were vital in order for United to improve. “We sign Eriksen for the midfield department,” the United boss said. “We are really happy with that. Yes, I am really happy with the performance from our midfield and offence department in this moment. “But I also know this season – we talk about it in Bangkok and Melbourne as well – is a lot of games, the World Cup, so we need more options where you have a good team.  “And it’s not only about the team, you need a good squad to get the right results at the end of the season. So we have to strengthen the squad even more and we are looking around, but also we need the right players.” And he added: “That is a reason but also the number of games, so you need more options in offence. Clear. I think it’s vital if you want to get success. The season is really long but we still also have time to fill that in.” United have signed three players so far in Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez.