Former Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp has claimed that someone at Manchester United has given out information regarding their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong. The Barcelona midfielder has been linked with the Red Devils all summer, while Premier League rivals Chelsea have also been mooted as a potential landing spot for the Dutchman as they continue their spending spree following the addition of Marc Cucurella on Friday. Redknapp has revealed that he has received information from someone high up at United that will not inspire optimism in their chase to sign the Dutch midfielder. “Now it looks like De Jong wants to go to Chelsea,” Redknapp told The Byline. “I know that for a fact, he wants to go to Chelsea. So Man United are not going to get him, I’ve had that from somebody right at the very, very top at Man United. “He really wants to go to Chelsea, so if he goes to Chelsea and Man United don’t get him, I don’t know where they are going and if Chelsea get him then he would obviously be a fantastic signing for them.” United’s attempts to sign De Jong have been complicated due to the £17million the player is owed from Barcelona in deferred salary payments, and Erik ten Hag was asked in his press conference for an update on the Red Devils’ stance on the deal. "We want Frenkie?” Ten Hag told reporters ahead of United’s Premier League opener against Brighton. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer “It's about the right players... At this moment, we have players in that position who perform really well. It would be a good situation [to sign more players], but I am happy with the current squad. We need players. You don't need any player; you need the right player." Reports have claimed that De Jong will only consider a move to United after his wage issue with Barcelona has been resolved, as the playmaker has been involved in the Catalan club’s pre-season. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer  He has previously claimed that he wants to remain at Barcelona, but the club need to make a big sale this summer to be able to fund their acquisitions of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. "I prefer to stay with Barcelona,” De Jong told ESPN in May. "Barcelona is just my dream club. Also from a young age. I just said it too. I've never regretted my choice despite the fact that I had hoped for more in terms of prizes than I've achieved so far. But I have never regretted my choice." De Jong’s preference may have changed since, as United and Chelsea intensified their efforts to sign the midfielder but a deal for either club does not appear any closer to being finalised.