Writing on Twitter, the former politician added: "She’s wrecking the Royal Family." This came after Meghan gave an interview to US outlet The Cut magazine. Speaking to the outlet about her and Prince Harry's decision to step back from the Royal Family, Meghan said: "Harry said to me, 'I lost my dad in this process.'" She added: "It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision." While there was some speculation that Meghan was referring to Prince Harry's relationship with his father, Sussex biographer Omid Scobie denied this, saying it was about her estranged relationship with her own father. Mr Scobie explained: "There seems to be confusion in some headlines about this quote in The Cut interview. "I understand that Prince Harry is actually referring to Meghan's loss of her own father, and Meghan is saying she doesn't want Harry to lose his." Sources close to Prince Charles told the Mirror that Prince Charles would be "saddened" if he lost his relationship with Prince Harry. They added: "The Prince of Wales loves both his sons". Prince Harry has reportedly had a difficult relationship with his father. During the couple’s March 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey, Prince Harry claimed that Prince Charles "stopped taking [his] calls". READ MORE: Meghan Markle suggests she's 'suffered similar pain' to Mariah Carey He also claimed the Royal Family "literally cut [him] off financially" following Megxit. Earlier this month, royal author Catherine Mayer claimed that Prince Charles was in "deep, deep pain" after Prince Harry and Meghan decided to step back from royal duties. Despite Mr Farage's criticism of Ms Markle following her latest interview, others have defended the Duchess. Speaking earlier this week, commentator Natasha Devon claimed that many people are "annoyed" by Meghan because she "took away their fantasy" of what being a princess is like. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REVEAL] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [REACTION] Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE] Ms Devon explained: "It is possible that so many women have this disneyfied idea of what it is to be a princess. "It's something that many, many girls internalise because of Disney more than because of the royal family. "They internalise it at a really young age, that that is the ultimate goal - that if you're a princess there could be nothing better." Speaking to LBC, she added: "To have lived it, to have experienced it, and to say to the public, actually it's not as great as you imagine - that, I think, is what annoyed everybody. "Because it's not just taking away the fantasy of Harry and Meghan, it's taking away their fantasy... "What she did was she took away the fantasies of those women who had internalised the idea that to be a princess was to be the best thing ever. "And then Meghan Markle stood up and said 'actually you're wrong', and people couldn't deal with that fundamental challenge to their internal belief system. "Tell me I'm wrong."