Former Chelsea star Joe Cole has lauded the club for their summer capture of Aston Villa midfielder Carney Chukwuemeka. The Blues moved quickly to beat Barcelona and other heavyweight suitors to recruit the highly-rated midfielder for a £20million fee earlier in August. Chukwuemeka signed a six-year deal at Stamford Bridge, and, only 18 with Premier League experience already under his belt, he's been touted as one of the country's brightest young talents. Cole has heaped praise on Chelsea for luring him to the club, particularly amid the complications emerging since Brexit. Speaking to the Evening Standard, the ex-winger explained the importance of paying over the odds for the next generation of English players: "Carney Chukwuemeka from Aston Villa is one of the most talented players in England. "That signing is even more important when you realise that signing young players from Europe has changed since Brexit. It is important that even if we pay a bit more than we want to, we're getting the best young British players in the door for the next generation. I think this transfer window has not finished yet and has already been great." JUST IN: Man Utd: Ten Hag has four reasons to quit already after Brentford loss  Chelsea have been the Premier League's biggest spenders this summer, splashing £160m on Kalidou Koulibaly, Marc Cucurella, Raheem Sterling, Gabriel Slonina and Chukwuemeka. Todd Boehly is vying to back Tuchel in his first transfer window as club owner and could breach the £300m mark in terms of investment into the squad. Cole has been positive in general about Tuchel's dealings so far. "The business has been great," Cole said. "I've read from other pundits that it has been a bit slapdash, but I don't agree. Koulibaly, at 31, is one of the best central defenders. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd deal 'in 48 hours', Ronaldo's latest snub  "How else would you replace Rudiger? You need that ready-made replacement now. That's a fantastic bit of business. We needed goals and experience at the top end of the pitch, and we've got Raheem Sterling as a great bit of business. Cucurella is very good, and we saw that against Everton." Chelsea are looking to round off their transfer window by making a splash, with four signings in the final weeks targeted. The Blues are in talks with Barcelona for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Frenkie de Jong while pursuing a record deal for Wesley Fofana. Inter Milan starlet Cesare Casadei is also on Tuchel's radar ahead of the September 1 deadline.