After much anticipation, HBO’s fantasy drama House of the Dragon made its debut with a detailed look into Westeros, 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones. The premiere proved to be a major hit with fans as it exceeded expectations with sky-high numbers.   WARNING: This article contains spoilers from House of the Dragon. On Sunday, fans got their first glimpse into the Game of Thrones spin-off which focused on the fall of House Targaryen. The show transports viewers to the formation of Westeros, with King Viserys (played by Paddy Considine) the current ruler on the Iron Throne. The King was forced to decide which family member would be the next heir, whether it was his brother Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith) or his daughter Rhaenyra Targaryen (Milly Alcock). However, before he could make the life-changing decision Viserys was faced with a devastating loss which changed the course of his life. READ MORE: The Repair Shop star 'nervous' over restoration of Judi Dench item     The gripping episode left many viewers shocked and angered as Aemma was killed off in the first episode, while others welcomed the surprising twist The premiere was also labelled traumatic as Aemma had to be cut open to deliver her baby during labour. Grand Maester Mellos (David Horovitch) who was in charge of delivering the baby warned the King he would have to cut directly into the womb. Despite the mixed emotions, House of the Dragon completely smashed records and become the most-watched HBO premiere in history, with 10 million viewers tuning in.    The show was expected to be a huge hit based on the success of Game of Thrones. Many viewers who had previously read the George R.R. Martin novel Fire and Blood, which the show was adapted from, were also interested to see how it was portrayed onscreen. While others who tuned into the original show were intrigued to get an in-depth look into the House Targaryen civil war. As a result, millions of viewers were glued to their screens on Sunday for the premiere. DON'T MISS...Princess Diana investigator breaks silence on her death 25 years on [INSIGHT] Cancelled Game of Thrones prequel: When $30 million pilot was set [INSIGHT]King Viserys Targaryen confirmed Jon Snow as true Westeros ruler [INSIGHT]    Casey Bloys, the Chief Content Officer at HBO and HBO Max, opened up about the record-breaking numbers in a statement. The statement read: "It was wonderful to see millions of Game of Thrones fans return with us to Westeros last night. “House of the Dragon features an incredibly talented cast and crew who poured their heart and soul into the production, and we’re ecstatic with viewers’ positive response. “We look forward to sharing with audiences what else George, Ryan and Miguel have in  store for them this season.”    After the premiere aired, viewers were left rocked as many labelled the episode traumatic following the shocking deaths of two characters. This came after King Viserys had been trying his best to support and tend to his heavily pregnant wife Queen Aemma Arryn (Sian Brooke). Unbeknownst to them, she was carrying Westeros’ new king but sadly things took a heartbreaking turn for the couple. After ample blood loss, Aemma died during childbirth and sadly a few hours later, their son Baelon also died. House of the Dragon continues Sundays on HBO in the USA and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.