Bravo’s hit reality show spin-off returned for more sea-faring antics on Monday evening, and viewers weren’t impressed to see even more bad behaviour from the Home’s bosun Raygan Tyler. After the latest chaotic episode, Below Deck fans have taken to Twitter to share their hopes of seeing the back of Raygan sooner rather than later. Warning - this article contains spoilers for Below Deck Mediterranean, season seven, episode five. Raygan found herself in hot water once again after causing Captain Sandy Yawn’s first on-screen collision in Below Deck history. Due to rough weather conditions, Sandy was forced to port the superyacht early and relied on her new bosun for navigation. While the interior crew focused on the guests, Raygan helped the skipper and somehow managed to confuse three metres with zero metres. Her mistake led to Sandy’s first collision on the show as the Home struck a buoy as it came into port. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring The bosun certainly didn’t help her case as she was also spotted taking an authorised snack break during the charter. Below Deck fans were livid with Raygan’s shoddy navigation and have demanded to see her return to land in the next episodes. @Leanna_Bell888 tweeted: “Here's hoping Captain Sandy fires Raygan. “Literally the worst bosun I've ever seen. This chick does not know the job and someone is gonna get hurt.” @alexjaimesevyn fumed: “All Raygan does is shout out everything Sandy tells her. “She does nothing, she sees her position as bossing people around and disrespecting crew and then blaming them for her shortcomings. If she doesn’t get fired immediately, I’m not okay.” @SammyOdis wrote: “Raygan has to be the most incompetent bosun I’ve ever watched on #BelowDeckMediterranean. Like it’s not even funny - it’s just a safety hazard.” Matthew James exclaimed: “YEP! Time to fire Raygan @CaptSandyYawn!” DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Pauley Perrette divides fans with furious rant 'SO mad!' [COMMENT]Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly welcomes new addition for season 5 [UPDATE]Stranger Things’ Gaten Matarazzo ‘ditches’ Dustin persona in next role [INTERVIEW] “She’s USELESS and doesn’t even know her distances! OMG!” “Raygan is the laziest, most awful member ever!” @Sedduttrice tweeted. “Never been so frustrated watching this ever!! Feel so sorry for the other deck crew.” While @earthy__crunchy speculated: “Omg Raygan had to go, but does this mean Malia will be back?!! Who was Captain Sandy texting with, hmm?” (sic) Raygan is already out of Sandy’s good books after showing up late and hungover at the start of the season. Popular theories have even suggested former bosun Malia White will be back to fill in once Raygan has been sent packing. However, the next episode has since become available on the Bravo streaming app, confirming someone else will be taking the reins. Below Deck Mediterranean season 7 continues Mondays on Bravo in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.