An insider has sensationally claimed the Duchess of Sussex kept a secret diary "as an insurance policy" during her time as a working royal. They said: "Harry and Meghan were told to ignore social media and newspapers but sometimes staff would say to them, ‘so sorry about what was written the other day’, and she would hit the roof. She wrote it all in her diary as an insurance policy. If it ever saw the light of day it would surely be dynamite. By the sounds of it, this journal was rediscovered this summer, boxed up and shipped back to Montecito." It comes after Meghan, 41, revealed in an extraordinary 6-400-word interview with glossy New York magazine, The Cut, that she had been back to her former UK home Frogmore Cottage to collect up her belongings. During the explosive sit down, the Duchess appeared to make reference to the diary she had been writing during her time in Britain. She said: "You go back and you open drawers and you’re like, Oh my gosh. "This is what I was writing in my journal there?" READ MORE: 'He’s so excited!' Meghan and Archie share cute moment at school gates Royal expert and author Margaret Holder compared the potential publication of Meghan's diaries to Andrew Morton's earth-shattering "Diana: Her True Story". The commentator went on to suggest that Meghan's rediscovery of the journal would "trigger warning signals to the Royal Family" and offer the Duchess a "great opportunity for settling scores". She told The Sun: "The revelation that Meghan rediscovered what she was writing in her journal at Frogmore Cottage must trigger warning signals to the Royal Family. "For Meghan, a book about her time with the royals offers a great opportunity for settling scores, naming those who offended her, and hitting back at a system she didn’t understand and was unwilling to learn. "She had enough time in the royal fold to learn secrets, some decades old, which could cause embarrassment and heartache for the Queen and her family, but could earn a fortune for Meghan." The claims about the diary come just 18 months after Meghan and Harry's jaw-dropping sit-down with US TV legend Oprah Winfrey in which the former working royals attacked the monarchy and sent shockwaves across the world. Since then the young couple has signed lucrative deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify worth a reported combined total of £100million. Among the projects they have announced is a documentary series about the Invictus Games, which Harry, 37, founded in 2015. Meghan has also recently released the first two episodes of her much-anticipated Spotify podcast series, Archetypes, which explores the way in which women have been held back. DON'T MISSKate hailed for 'grace and selflessness' after Meghan Markle interview [REACTION]William told to 'board plane' and 'intervene' in Meghan row [INSIGHT]Meghan and Kate stepped out in sheer dresses [PICTURES] Her first guest was tennis superstar Serena Williams and yesterday the Duchess released a rare interview with the "Queen of Christmas" Mariah Carey. During the chat with the pop icon Meghan appeared flummoxed when Carey branded her a "diva". Carey, 53, said: "You give us diva moments sometimes Meghan. Don’t even act like — don’t act like. It’s also the visual. It’s the visual." The Duchess later chipped in: "It was all going swimmingly, I mean really well. Until that moment happened, which I don’t know about you, but it stopped me in my tracks . . . when she called me a diva!" Meghan added: "I started to sweat a little bit. I started squirming in my chair in this quiet revolt, like, wait, wait, no, what? How? But? How could you? That’s not true, that’s not . . . Why would you say that? My mind genuinely was just spinning with what nonsense she must have read or clicked on to make her say that."