Prince William and Kate Middleton have announced their plans to move to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor's Home Park, but they will also retain their three existing properties. William's Scottish property, Tam-Na-Ghar, was a favourite spot for the future King and Queen while they were students at university. Tam-Na-Ghar is located nearby to Birkhall, the Scottish royal residence of Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Tam-Na-Ghar is also a short drive away from the Queen's beloved Balmoral Castle, where she spends every summer. The cottage is relatively modest for a royal home, boasting three bedrooms, but it is surrounded by plenty of greenery.  READ MORE: Inside Prince George and Charlotte's new school in Windsor Shortly before she died in 2002, the Queen Mother gifted Tam-Na-Ghar to her grandson Prince William. While studying at St Andrews in Scotland, Kate and William were thought to have made frequent visits to the cottage. The knowledge that William and Kate have their own Scottish residence may be surprising to royal fans, but Tam-Na-Ghar is kept out of the royal spotlight.  Few pictures of the royal residence are in the public domain. The Cambridges will be moving into Adelaide Cottage in Windsor very soon. The 19th Century home is Grade-II listed, and the four-bedroom property belongs to the Crown Estate. The family can also call Apartment 1A of Kensington Palace and Anmer Hall in Norfolk home too.  DON'T MISS: 'Angry' William skipped lunch with Harry and Queen [ANALYSIS]Kate stuns as she takes economy flight with Charlotte and Louis [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: William 'treading on Harry's toes' [LIVE] A royal source told the PA news agency of Kate and William's move to Windsor: "This is very much a decision that two parents have made to give their children the 'most normal' start possible. "KP can be a little bit of a fishbowl. "They wanted to be able to give George, Charlotte and Louis a bit more freedom than they have living in central London. "It's very much a decision that's been led by the kids." 