Prince George, nine, and Princess Charlotte, seven, have been students at Thomas’s School in Battersea for the last couple of years. Their younger brother Prince Louis, four, has been a nursery student at Willcocks Nursery School in London. However, their move to Windsor means they will all be attending new schools.  George and Charlotte’s new school reportedly costs £7,000 a term and even has mandatory Saturday classes. Kate Middleton and Prince William are moving their family to Windsor in order to be closer to the Queen, it has been reported. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are about to make a major change to their lives as they prepare to make the big move from their current home at Kensington Palace to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor. They are also relocating the family to where William may eventually live as King.  READ MORE: Prince William is 'besotted' by 'dominant' Princess Charlotte - expert Another factor behind the change is reportedly a desire to move to a home that's quite basic, with no renovations or live-in staff. Speaking to Marie Clare, a source said: "Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. “They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security." The move will also represent a big change for the children, who will have to move school.  They are reportedly joining Lambrook School in Berkshire as day pupils. If it is this school, the Cambridges will be charged up to £7,000 a term. Many of its leavers also head off to prestigious secondary schools, including Eton. The school caters for boys and girls, meaning both Prince George and Princess Charlotte can attend school together.  READ MORE: Pippa Middleton’s training plan which burns thousands of calories The two would have to attend every Saturday too, followed by an afternoon of sports fixtures for pupils in year five and above. A source told The Telegraph: "Even the most local parents like the idea of their smalls being able to stay over for a night when necessary – it means they can throw dinner parties and have hangovers without having to get the kids to school the next day." According to the school's own website, Lambrook School is a "thriving independent school" which is home to 620 boys and girls. The description continues: "The Lambrook experience combines first-class teaching and superb facilities with traditional values, set in the idyllic surroundings of 52 acres of beautiful Berkshire countryside." The family will still keep Kensington Palace, which is owned by the Queen as part of the Crown Estate, as an alternative home. William and Kate will also keep their luxury 20-room property in Anmer Hall, Norfolk where they spent much of the pandemic. The family have had some adorable photographs taken at the home, including Princess Charlotte's first birthday. 