Carl Froch has ridiculed Conor McGregor’s latest training video as Notorious continues preparations for his return to the Octagon, early next year. The former super-middleweight world champion has reaffirmed that McGregor “couldn’t punch the skin of a rice pudding” in his latest social media jibe. Froch first used the line during an interview with Joe.co.uk as he took aim at the Irish man’s power. "McGregor can't punch, he couldn't knock the skin off a rice pudding," Froch said. "I was there when he fought Floyd Mayweather - Conor McGregor is a big name because he's got the mouth and he's got the charisma. I'm just sort of getting into mixed martial arts now, my knowledge isn't [great]. “I watch a fight and I won't know who I'm watching but I have to watch it back again. It gets brutal in there at times, and I've got a lot of respect for these fighters. We wear gloves in boxing, 10oz gloves and they wear little hand mitts. Alright, they're not massive punchers, some of them can punch, don't get me wrong, but they kick you in the face. “They knee you in the head and do these spinning kicks. Then they get you on the floor, get you down there and f*** you up. They mess you up, they get you in some headlock and your arm. I admire these guys and I respect them." McGregor took exception to the comments and responded via Twitter, writing: “That froch tick little scrawny pencil neck I’ll grab his head and twist it clean off at a 1er with my bare hands. Little Wally of a thing I’ll Slap you around you little toffee nose toss pot.” Before Froch fired back: “Who is this mouthy little prick talking to? I will drag you outside with that wispy beard & show you how the big boys do it!!” MORE BOXING NEWS... Khan responds as ex-BBC presenter latest to poke fun at Ferguson post Tyson Fury accused of 'copying' Oleksandr Usyk and facing 'plodders' Chisora confronts Eubank Jr promoter over 'unfair' results on AJ card Now, Froch is at it again as he quote tweeted a video of McGregor hitting pads outside of his private yacht, captioning it with the iconic line. McGregor has not fought since July 2021 when he broke his leg during his UFC 264 contest against Dustin Poirier. According to reports, the former two-weight UFC champion is expected to return to action around February or March next year. Among the possible opponents are Charles Oliviera, Alexander Volkanovski, Henry Cejudo, and Michael Chandler -- with the latter being the most likely.