Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has been forced to amend his side’s pre-match ritual for their game against Liverpool on Monday night. There are expected to be major anti-Glazer protests outside of Old Trafford, with United deciding to cancel their usual meeting beforehand. The team were expected to convene at The Lowry Hotel in Salford on Monday afternoon for a pre-match talk ahead of their crunch match against their bitter rivals. However, they decided to ditch those plans at the last minute due to security fears. According to Manchester Evening News, the plan was dropped at 1pm after a group of fans had already travelled to the hotel in preparation for the team’s arrival. They are told that United security staff are expecting ‘a big one’, with tensions growing at the club. The Glazers are being blamed for United’s halted progress over the past few years, with the feeling that the owners are not enabling the club to reclaim its status as one of the top sides in the country. And opening defeats to Brighton and Brentford have certainly added fuel to the fire. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp told two changes he ‘must’ make for Man Utd clash Depending on the nature of the performance, a defeat to Liverpool would mount serious pressure on everyone at the club and the finger will inevitably be pointed at numerous different elements of the side. Ten Hag will be hoping that he is able to welcome several more signings into his dressing room before the transfer window closes to ensure that questions are not asked of the former Ajax boss. Casemiro is the latest arrival at the Theatre of Dreams, arriving from Real Madrid in a deal worth £60million, with the club hoping that his wealth of quality and experience will solve their midfield woes. But the Brazilian won't feature against the Reds, with his debut expected in United's next game against Southampton at the weekend. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has spoken out to say that he believes his side should be awarded all three points if the match is cancelled due to the protests. Speaking on Friday, he said: “If it happens again we go home on the bus - but I really hope it doesn't happen, but if it happens then we should get the points. We have nothing to do with the situation. “If the supporters want the game not to happen then we can't just rearrange the game and fit it in somewhere in an incredibly busy schedule. I don't think it will happen and I hope it doesn’t. I have no idea what could happen, I don't think about it. If they tell us we are fine then we go there to play and then go home. But I really think in a situation like this then the other team should always get the points like we should have last time.”