Charles (played by Kevin Mathurin) was shocked to find his daughter Naomi (Karene Peter) a few weeks ago on Emmerdale after the newcomer suddenly went missing. Although she has been cold towards her father since being introduced, she has been getting on better with her brother, Ethan Anderson (Emile John), who she has been meeting up with. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, the family could be forced to come together as the vicar could become seriously ill. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Naomi is persistent in her vendetta against Charles and she is unwilling to give him the time of day. When Ethan asks her to give their father a chance, she is unreadable as she is tired to telling the Andersons she is not interested. Needing to get them off her back, however, she turns up at the church and says she will listen to what Charles has to say. Things don't stay amicable for long as the father and daughter get into an argument before Naomi storms out of the church. All of this is witnessed by Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker), who enters the church to see if her partner is ok but she is horrified to find him lying unconscious. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist From what she can make out, Naomi has attacked her father and ran away from the scene of the crime, thinking she could get away with it. Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) is also on hand and so she rings an ambulance for the vicar which arrives within minutes. As she sees the ambulance pulls up, Naomi rushes over to see if Charles is ok as it seems she might not have had anything to do with what happened to him. With Manpreet on hand to take care of her partner, Harriet watches as Naomi shows great concern for her estranged father. Taking the plunge, Naomi asks if the vicar is ok but believing she attacked Charles, Manpreet tells her to go away and leave them alone. Ethan is soon on the scene but he is confused by what's happening as Harriet ends up arresting Naomi on suspicion of assault. With the newcomer out of the picture, Ethan and Manpreet wait for news on Charles and it's not long before they are given an update on his condition. Manpreet is furious and compares Naomi's actions to those of her serial killer sister, Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu), leaving Ethan concerned. However, it might be something else is going on with Charles and the scans conducted by the doctor could suggest he has a brain tumour. This could have meant that following his argument with Naomi, Charles' vision could have become blurred and he could have collapsed. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Lisa Riley 'crying' over Prince William's gesture at Euros [COMMENT]Gemma Atkinson flaunts curves in plunging swimwear [PICTURES]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker sparks fan frenzy as she flashes legs [PICTURES] On his way down, he could have hit his head and this is why the vicar might have had a visible injury when Manpreet found him. The doctors could inform Charles and his family of their diagnosis and explain although the tumour is not cancerous, it needs to be removed. This will be a lengthy process as the tumour would need to be shrunk before the medical professionals would be able to operate on the vicar. Manpreet would have to offer a huge apology to Naomi for accusing her of attacking her father and for getting her arrested. Will the Andersons be able to put their past behind them so Naomi can become a proper member of the family? The actress who plays Naomi, Karene, has been opening up about herself and told Express.co.uk and other media how she got into acting. Karene explained: "I am 30, I've been acting since I was about 18. "I kind of just fell into it by accident, to be honest, I was on a gap year in uni just working in retail, the glamorous day job life, I met someone who is my very good friend now who told me to come to some acting classes. "I told him I was interested in drama and things like that, went to some acting classes and there was an agency affiliated with those classes. "It was like an acting school part-time and I got signed, kind of fell into things from there," the soap star continued. Karene added: "Yes, it's been a long and interesting journey. Outside of that, I'm very into my fitness, Kevin [Mathurin, who plays Charles] will tell you that... very into my fitness." Discussing how she reacted to getting the role, the actress said: "It's been very surreal. "I found out, I was in Sports Direct - nice and glamorous, I got the call from my agent and I've been saying to everyone it's a bit of a boring story just because I don't even know why it wasn't on the back of like an amazing audition or anything like that. "But I just had a gut feeling about it, It was really quite weird, I just had a gut feeling so I got the call and it kind of confirmed that gut feeling. "Here we are and the rest is history, I guess!" Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.