P-Valley season two's penultimate episode left The Pynk and its family's future hanging in the balance with a number of plots needing to be resolved. The Starz drama finally came to a head with episode 10, Mississippi Rule. Express.co.uk has a full recap on exactly what went down in the P-Valley series two finale. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley. The votes had been cast and the time had come to find out who the next Chucalissa mayor would be. Unexpectedly, it was actually Patrice Woodbine (played by Harriett D Foy) who won, leaving Andre (Parker Sawyers) disappointed. But he didn't let it get him down for long as in a cold move, he announced next to his wife Britney (Ashani Roberts) that he would be moving back home to open a new law practice. So what will Patrice do as mayor and is she going to be a friend of The Pynk's? READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation On a personal level, Patrice did the right thing, stating that Shelle (Helen Goldsby) had been taken into rehab, leaving Mercedes' (Brandee Evans) teenage daughter Terricka (A'zaria Carter) in her care. However, Patrice instead allowed Terricka to be reunited with her mum, much to both of their delights. There is also the fact Farrah (Shamika Cotton) is sending royalty checks to Mercedes for the use of her pole dancing pictures at her photography exhibit. Mercedes used that money to reopen her gym and hung the pictures up as an everyday reminder of how far she had come. Keyshawn (Shannon Janai Thornton) was planning on leaving her abusive ex-husband Derrick (Jordan Cox) for good but when she went to her sister's to pick up the children, he had already taken them. Even more shockingly, when she returned home, Keyshawn found the Mississippi Child Services were there as there had been evidence of child abuse that Derrick had committed. He gave his wife an incredibly smug look, acting as if he had won, and Keyshawn attacked him. In doing so, she hasn't done herself any favours with the child services who are now in control of what happens to her kids. DON'T MISS...Freddie Mercury photo ‘banned’ from the internet  [EXPLAINER]P Valley season 2: Fans spot hidden meaning of crystal necklace [THEORY]Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [CAST] Hailey (Elarica Johnson) had been hoping to sell The Pynk for an eight-figure price, splitting it between herself and Uncle Clifford (Nicco Annan). He was unaware of her plans until overhearing her speak to Corbin (Dan Johnson) about the deal and in a bid to protect the business, she made a different deal that would allow The Pynk and a casino to co-exist. Hailey is given a cheque of $250,000, forcing her out of The Pynk, which is a lot less than what she was hoping for in starting a new life away from Chucalissa. In the grand finale, it is discovered that Hailey has stolen $42,000 from the business account and she is later seen stepping off a bus in a blonde wig, but where is she heading? Initially, Clifford broke up with Lil Murda (J Alphonse Nicholson) as he was going on tour and didn't want to get in his way of success. Later, at Ernestine's (Loretta Devine) welcome home party, who thankfully survived her bout of illness, Murda revealed he cancelled his tour in part to be with Clifford. After hearing about Hailey stealing the money though, Clifford wasn't in the best of moods and took drugs to forget. He then stumbled onto the dancefloor where he found Murda and kissed him passionately in front of everyone but no one seemed to mind. The grand finale finished with a moment no one expected as Diamond (Tyler Lepley), who was recruited to handle her situation with Derrick, was kidnapped. But who has taken Diamond and what do they want in return for his safety? P-Valley seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.