Netflix subscribers were far from surprised when one of the streamer’s biggest-ever series was confirmed for a second outing. After freeing himself from the cruel and violent competition which kept him prisoner, Seong Gi-hun (played by Lee Jung-Jae) will take on a brand new quest when Squid Game eventually returns. Dong-hyuk confirmed Gi-hun will feel like a completely different person when he returns in the second season of Squid Game. By the end of the first outing, Gi-hun has been declared the winner and faced off with his friend, Oh Il-nam (O Yeong-su), who is revealed as the games’ creator. Although Il-nam is now dead, he soon discovers the games are still in play when he spots the mysterious salesman (Gong Yoo) taking on another recruit. Gi-hun ultimately decides to turn his back on his family yet again to get to the bottom of the mystery. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation “There will naturally be a flow of events that will lead all the way to the end of the season,” Dong-hyuk has now confirmed. “I can’t share any details yet, but you know that Seong Gi-hun has become a totally new person by the end of season one. “So season two is going to be about what that new Gi-hun is going to do and how things will unfold with this new kind of character.” After his experience in the games, Gi-hun has become somewhat more altruistic, having given his competitor Cho Sang-woo’s (Park Hae-soo) mother a portion of his prize money. His view on humanity has also been significantly altered, as he bets with Il-nam that an unconscious man on the street will be helped before midnight. However, some of his selfishness has clearly remained intact, as uncovering the mystery of the games becomes his top priority over reuniting with his family. Dong-hyuk is still addressing the writing stage of Squid Game’s next season, so fans shouldn’t expect the new episodes to be released for at least another year. “Season one was just too successful not to feel pressured by it,” he told The Hollywood Reporter. DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead slammed for ‘confusing’ two-part premiere [REACTION]Raising Kanan: Mekai Curtis previews Kanan and Raq fall-out [EXCLUSIVE]Yellowstone season 5: John Dutton star delivers major filming update [INSIGHT] “When I am actually writing the script, I really immerse myself in that world I created, and it feels less daunting to me. “Once I sit in front of my laptop, I become part of the world that I created and I totally forget about the real world that I’m in.” He also confirmed the themes and ideas from the first season will all remain intact for the millions of viewers who were gripped by Gi-hun’s initial journey. The creator teased: “The philosophies I put in season one all naturally extend to season two.” “Instead of trying to meet the expectations of viewers, I just thought about the last moment when Gi-hun turned away from boarding the plane, and I thought about what he will do next.” Beyond the return of major characters such as Gi-hun and the Front Man (Lee Byung-hun), details for Squid Game season two are being kept tightly under wraps. Hopefully, Dong-hyuk has made good progress in the script-writing stage and more information, including a potential release window, will be released soon. Squid Game season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.