Yellowstone is off-screens at the moment with fans of the family drama revisiting past seasons before the upcoming run premieres. Viewers have lots of questions about the characters and particularly Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly), the sole female member of the ranch-owning family in the series. Express.co.uk takes a look at Beth’s tragic past. Beth sadly doesn’t have children but this isn’t a choice on her part. As Yellowstone fans will remember, Beth fell pregnant as a teen and needed an abortion. Her brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) took her to a fertility clinic on the nearby reservation for a termination. Jamie was told they could only do the abortion if Beth underwent a hysterectomy, something which he didn’t tell his sister. This moment led to huge discord between Jamie and Beth with her hating him ever since and always at odds with her brother. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 release date, cast, plot: When is it out? Beth has a maternal side, which came out in season four after it looked like she and her husband Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) might adopt Carter (Finn Little). Mirroring Rip’s background, Carter also came from a troubled family and had an addict father who later died with the Duttons taking him in as their own. In one scene, Carter addressed Beth as “mama” to which she instinctively responded: “Yeah, baby.” However, she quickly caught herself and withdrew from this side, reverting to the more steely and no-nonsense Beth audiences are more familiar with. Speaking about this scene, Reilly, 45, said she found it “upsetting” to film as it was the “opposite of who I am”, leaving her “distraught” after the cameras stopped rolling. In contrast, she said Beth was the opposite and never had this feeling even when her mother was alive. The British actress said: “So in that moment, I think she knows how to handle it. She's about to go kill someone and ruin her life. “She isn’t going to tell that kid, ‘I will be your mother,’ even if her heart wants that more than anything, because she could abandon him again. “When I read it, and when I was playing it in my head, there was a few things happening, one of them being she was protecting him from her, and being truthful about the fact that you only get one. I'm not your mother, I'm your friend.” Reilly went on to say the writers weren’t going to give a Beth a “little, happy family” and neatly tying up storylines. She said: “That's not Yellowstone, and it's not real life. These are really complicated, difficult, flawed characters who have had despicable, awful, painful childhoods, trying to understand what a kid needs in that moment? “We both took the scene as it was intended and written.” DON'T MISS...Tanaya Beatty nationality: Where is the Yellowstone Avery star from? [EXPLAINER]Kelly Reilly accent: What is Yellowstone Beth Dutton's real accent? [AANLYSIS]Kelly Reilly salary: How much is Kelly Reilly paid for Yellowstone? [INSIGHT] Adding to Esquire: “I think that it was powerful, because the payoff when one day that relationship may or may not become something really earned, is going to be stunning.” Reilly’s words suggest Beth does want to be a mother, however, she is also aware of her dangerous life which isn’t conducive to raising children. Nonetheless, Beth and Rip could one day adopt Carter with the character getting some kind of peace after Jamie’s betrayal. Season five of Yellowstone will be airing in the autumn and continue to see Beth and Carter’s relationship further as he works for the Duttons. Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network from November