But a rule change by the DWP means that thousands of benefits claimants could miss out on the Warm Homes Discount this year. The discount gives a rebate for a household’s electricity bill as a one-off payment from their supplier at some point between October and March. Those whose supplier provides gas and electricity can get the discount applied to their gas bill. The Government is changing the scheme, boosting the funding from £350million to £475million, with the rebate to increase to £150 from October 2022. An extra 750,000 homes are set to get the cash boost under the new rules, but some will now lose out on the funds. The changes means that people on Disability Living Allowance (DLA), Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: How to save money UK: 5 things to do if you can't afford bills This is because people on DLA and PIP have an average income of £14,434, the Government has said, which is higher than the £13,533 upper limit for fuel poverty. Research found that 62 percent of people on DLA and PIP receive a qualifying benefit and will get the discount. But the change means that some 280,000 claimants will miss out on the help, according to Government documents. Kamran Mallick, chief executive of Disability Rights UK, said: "This is appalling. The Government knows full well that disabled people face increased energy bills as a matter of course.  “Disabled people often need more hot water, more heating, and more energy to run specialist equipment than non-disabled households. “Removing this vital benefit beggars belief, especially with the universal increase in energy bills from April. "With the changes not proposed until the end of the year, the Government must make a U-turn on this punitive decision. “Far too many people are already having to choose between heating and eating. Benefits are nowhere near in line with inflation as it is. READ MORE: Asda launches its rewards scheme to help people make savings “This move may push people over the edge." A Government spokesperson said: "We are also making fundamental reforms to the scheme so that those low-income households most likely to be living in homes that are expensive to heat will receive the rebate." People who receive the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit will continue to receive the discount automatically. Other benefit claimants will also get the help automatically, whereas previously they had to apply for the support. This includes people on: The deadline to submit a claim for one of these benefits, to qualify for the discount, is August 31. The Government says it will work with suppliers during the summer to match data and identify eligible households. Energy firms are then responsible for sending out the rebates and will credit the money to customers between October and March.