Chelsea and Tottenham have been told to battle for Inter Milan centre-back Milan Skriniar this summer as both sides look to bolster their squads before the transfer window closes this month. The two sides have both been linked with the Slovakian defender who could make the move to London this season. Thomas Tuchel’s side have been actively searching for defensive reinforcements following the exits of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen, and are in talks to bring in Brighton’s Marc Cucurella alongside reportedly holding an interest in Skriniar. Former West Ham goalkeeper Shaka Hislop however believes that Spurs have a better chance of signing Skriniar this month due to the 27-year-old’s relationship with Antonio Conte. “Skriniar’s also been linked with Chelsea as of a few hours ago,” Hislop told ESPN. “I think it’s a signing that both clubs need. My big concern for Spurs is as good as a transfer window as they have had, I just still question whether defensively they are as strong as they need to be. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer “Need to be in terms of fending off the challenge of both Chelsea, who are really ramping up their efforts this transfer window and an Arsenal who have looked very good indeed. In particular having to play Eric Dier as a centre-back, I don’t think fills me with an incredible amount of confidence doing so in the long-term.” Skriniar won the Serie A title under Conte at Inter, and the Italian boss has already brought in three defenders this summer in Clement Lenglet, Ivan Perisic and Djed Spence but Hislop believes a deal for Skriniar would work for Spurs. “Skriniar makes absolutely perfect sense for Antonio Conte and he’s probably in pole position given the relationship between the two,” Hislop added. “But you also understand Chelsea’s interest and why it is as keen as it is. READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activityMan Utd target Frenkie de Jong 'only wants to join Chelsea' if Barcelona force transfer “Another centre-back, an out-and-out centre-back coming in and as much as we talk about Thiago Silva, as much as I love Thiago Silva, he is going to be 38 next month. Time catches up with every single player so the question becomes, a player with Skriniar’s ability, when that becomes available and you are recognising that the writing is on the wall for Thiago Silva, not because of his performances, but because of his age, when do you act? “That for me is why I understand Chelsea’s interest. But I also totally understand Spurs’ interest, I think Spurs’ need right now is greater than Chelsea’s, I think that relationship between Conte and Skriniar puts them in a slightly better position in terms of completing that signing.” Paris Saint-Germain were also reportedly in the race for Skriniar but their interest appears to have cooled on the defender, who would cost over £55million this window.