The 95-year-old monarch travelled to Scotland on July 21 as part of her summer retreat but has not appeared at public events since travelling. The Queen has faced episodic mobility issues since last autumn and now regularly uses a walking stick, with some of her official engagements this year shorter in length then would have been expected. Royal expert Robert Jobson has said it would be "significant" if the Queen did not go to the Braemar Gathering on September 3. Speaking to the Australian morning show Sunrise, Mr Jobson said: "I think it will be significant if she doesn't attend. "I understand she's trying to work out ways to get in but the fact is that with the mobility she's got, she's struggling to stand on her feet. "It's difficult and also she'll be in a position where you're standing for quite some time. "It's quite awkward for her. READ MORE: Meghan warned Mariah Carey won't let her talk about herself so much "I know she wants to go. We've seen all the developments lately which have led to all this speculation." The Queen missed much of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations during the extended Bank Holiday weekend in June but did make two separate brief appearances on the Buckingham Palace balcony. She is also expected to break her summer holiday and travel back to England to hold audiences with the outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his successor in early September. Despite health concerns, the Queen is unlikely to hand over the monarchy. After becoming the longest-reigning British Monarch in 2015 as she surpassed the reign of her great-great-grandmother Victoria. Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti has claimed the Queen is "unlikely" to have the crown over to Prince Charles. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Sacerdoti said: "I think it would be wrong of us to second guess that especially at the moment when the Queen is going through a period of rest. "I also think that it's unlikely that she would abdicate. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'achieved what they wanted' with one foot in royals [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan looking at 'renewing wedding vows for Netflix', claim [ANALYSIS]'Nobody said Harry wouldn't get protection!' Diana's ex-bodyguard says [VIDEO] "She's always been very clear that that is not part of how she sees the role. "But it is true that she started to share more of the duties and more publicly so with other members of the family. "I do think it's a sensible and natural part of that, Prince Charles should be doing more. "When he accompanies her to the state opening of Parliament even before Prince Philip had passed, we saw in a way he learned on the job. "I think that's one of the features that work so well with a hereditary head of state."