Over the last two weeks, many celebrities have been announced as part of the line-up for the upcoming 20th season of the hit BBC dance competition. Each year, the BBC manage to snag the best of the best in order to give viewers the best entertainment across the autumn and winter months. However, fans were left confused and upset recently as BBC Three teased fans that Gavin and Stacey character Nessa Jenkins (played by Ruth Jones) would be part of the action. Taking to their Twitter page, BBC Three posted: "Oh! What's occurring?' Nessa is bringing Barry Island to the ballroom as the 20th celebrity contestant confirmed for #Strictly 2022." The post included a picture of the iconic welsh character against the official Strictly Come Dancing backdrop. Many were baffled by the post and took to their own Twitter accounts to try and clarify the news. Emma Mundy celebrated: "I mean, that's B****Y AMAZING!" READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation @Sparky023rays commented: "How did I miss this news! Love it!" @TraineeOAP added: "Absob****ylutely!!! Can't wait to see Ruth stepping up!" Claire Edwards praised: "Well done BBC! Finally someone everyone knows and absolutely loves!" @MondayBlues quipped: "OH! OH! Ness! A dream, she will be amazing and hope she goes all the way!" However, many eagle eyed fans clocked on to the fact that it was a publicity stunt for people to watch the series on BBC iPlayer. @gingescottishbo theorised: "Getting people in to rewatch the series before a new one is announced?? James Corden is leaving the US next year." Niamh Giffen said: "Wish this was real." @sjdsmith laugghed: "So many suckers. Would have been good though." (sic) Deciding to not fool fans any longer, BBC Three replied to their own tweet: "Sorry @bbcpress and @bbcstrictly our hand slipped." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos [WATCH]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell 'unique' art despite true value [LATEST]Ken Dodd left behind staggering EIGHT-figure fortune [INSIGHT] Ruth Jones applauded the clever trick and tweeted emojis of a laughing face, dancing woman and a disco ball. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for a comment. The hit BBC sitcom has had calls for its return since the most recent Christmas special aired in 2019. It ended on a dramatic cliffhanger as Nessa asked Smithy (James Cordon) to marry her, and viewers did not get to find out his answer. James recently announced that he was leaving the US to move back to the UK after creating a successful chatshow for the last 10 years. Larry Lamb, who plays Mick Shipman, and Alison Steadman, Pam Shipman, also sent fans into a frenzy when they were spotted filming in Wales. However, they were soon let down when they found out they were filming a documentary for the ITV show DNA Journey. The full Strictly line-up was completed on Friday, August 12, with a crop of soap stars, sports legends and many more. The 15 celebrities taking to the iconic ballroom are James Bye, Helen Skelton, Tony Adams, Fleur East, Matt Goss and Kaye Adams. Joining them are Will Mellor, Kym Marsh, Richie Anderson, Molly Rainford, Tyler West, Ellie Simmonds, Hamza Yassin, Ellie Taylor, and Jayde Adams. Strictly Come Dancing returns this autumn on BBC One.