England's Euro 2022 final victory over Germany was watched by a peak audience of 17.4million on BBC One. The match at Wembley has become the most-watched women's football game on TV in the UK and the most-watched programme of 2022. Sarina Wiegman's side won the tournament for the first time to end 56 years without a major trophy for England in either the men's or women's game. Goals from Ella Toone and Chloe Kelly clinched a 2-1 extra-time win over eight-time champions Germany. There was a record crowd of 87,192 who watched the match at Wembley. And now the BBC have announced the astonishing viewing figures. A peak of 17.4m broke the previous record of 11.7m for a women's match, which was the World Cup semi-final between England and the USA in 2019. There was also a further 5.9m streams of the game on BBC iPlayer and the website and app. England win Euro 2022 LIVE: Victory parade updates after Lionesses end 56-year wait  It has become the most-watched TV programme of 2022 so far, overtaking the Platinum Party at the Palace in June which celebrated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and had a peak audience of 13.07m. BBC director-general Tim Davie said: "We are incredibly proud to have championed women's football and are thrilled we were able to bring such a special sporting moment to the public. "This was the most-watched women's football game on UK television of all-time and the most-watched programme in 2022 so far - and deservedly so. Everyone at the BBC is delighted at the win and being able to share that with the public." The England men's final against Italy last summer had a peak audience of 30.95m viewers between the BBC and ITV. That became the highest TV audience since Princess Diana's funeral in 1997. It was Wiegman's first major tournament in charge of England. She has won every single match she has managed at a European Championship, having won the tournament with Holland in 2017. DON'T MISSEngland star Williamson gives impassioned speech - 'This is the start'England victory parade TODAY - Every event to celebrate as football comes homePick up your England souvenir as Lionesses win Euro 2022 Final  And she tried to explain her emotions after the final whistle on Sunday. She said: "We won the cup. It is unbelievable. It is incredible. "If you really want to win and become better every single day, that is what I have noticed, and it is incredible, they want to do it together. "We agreed on a couple of things about behaviour and they weren’t just words, we lived it. The game was so tight, there was a little bit of fight in there, but who cares, we won 2-1. We are European champions. "We broke through barriers against Spain and we had to do it again. I don’t have any secrets. I don’t think I have realised what is going on, I need some time." 