Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has refused to leave the club despite interest from Manchester United and Chelsea, according to reports. The Netherlands international is admired by both Erik ten Hag and Thomas Tuchel. However, any move to the Premier League looks unlikely at the current moment in time despite the La Liga giants’ desire to get him off the wage bill. Barcelona have put De Jong up for sale this summer as they look to register new signings such as Robert Lewandowski, Jules Kounde, Raphinha, Andreas Christensensen and Franck Kessie. But the player has, to this point, refused to go. And Sport now say that, with both United and Chelsea keen on the 25-year-old, the midfielder has decided he’ll be sticking to his guns for the time being. It’s claimed De Jong has ‘no intention of leaving the Nou Camp and is determined to become a huge hit in Catalonia. Barcelona signed the Netherlands international from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2019, beating Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain to his signature at the time. But De Jong feels his time at the club has been ‘doomed’ since. TRANSFER NEWS: Leicester 'immediately reply' to £63m Fofana Chelsea bid Barcelona have experienced a rocky few years under various managers such as Ernesto Valverde, Quique Setien, Ronald Koeman and Xavi. And De Jong thinks that means he’s been unable to fulfil his true potential in Catalonia so far, despite his obvious talents. In the former Ajax star’s eyes, Barcelona are now finally ready to bounce back due to the fine transfer business they’ve done so far this summer. And the Catalan titans are open to keeping hold of the Netherlands international, even if they’ve been ready to listen to offers for him throughout the whole summer so far. Barcelona are open to keeping De Jong but need him to take a pay cut. DON’T MISS: Man Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join  They have informed the 25-year-old they will have no choice but to offload him if he refuses to accept a deduction in wages, despite publicly insisting he’d continue regardless. De Jong’s agents have travelled to Barcelona for talks with the club about their client’s future and pay packet. And it’ll be interesting to see what the outcome will be at a time where both United and Chelsea are in a battle to snap him up. Barcelona have informed the Blues they’ll have to match, at least, the overall £72million fee they’ve agreed with United. And they’re planning on using the money on a deal for Bernardo Silva, of Manchester City. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Bernardo was linked with a move to the Nou Camp back in the summer transfer window of 2017, when it became clear he’d be leaving Monaco behind. Yet Pep Guardiola was able to win the race for the Portugal international, with Bernardo since going on to win four Premier League titles in five years at the Etihad Stadium. Meanwhile, United hero Gary Neville recently urged De Jong to consider legal advice after Barcelona asked him to reduce his salary. The club owe the 25-year-old a huge £17m in deferred wages after he agreed to take a pay cut at the start of the coronavirus pandemic two years ago. “De Jong should consider legal action [against] Barcelona and all players should be behind him!” Neville said on Twitter. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “A club spending fortunes on new players whilst not paying the ones they have under contract their full money is immoral and a breach. (World players’ union) FIFPRO should be all over bullying like this and stop it." But former Barcelona star Marc Crosas then hit back, saying: “You have no idea what you [are] talking about. “Barca spending fortunes on new players has nothing to do with salaries and salary cap. “He has the right to leave, stay with the same contract, reduce it, or say NO to Man Utd. Maybe that’s what really hurts you and not Barca’s immorality.” In a further tweet, Crosas added: “Nobody is ‘refusing to pay’. Barca is trying to renegotiate his contract the same way they did with Pique, Busquets, Ter Stegen, Jordi Alba, Sergi Roberto… Nobody complained at the time." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here