“So much happened today,” reads a text I received from Jess Daly, 30, late one Tuesday evening. “We were fired at by a rocket from around four kilometres away. It landed just 20 metres from the road we were driving on. We were the only car on the road — 23,000 of Avdiivka’s 26,000 people have been evacuated, so they were definitely aiming for us. All safe and sound though.” Jess was working in Ukraine, often on the war’s frontline, and had been for a few weeks by then. Embedded with the Hospitallers Medical Battalion as a photographer and journalist, she was documenting atrocities carried out by Russia’s military, talking to locals and officials along the way. She had visited Ukraine several times before, but this, she says, was the worst she had ever seen. More importantly, it was one of the first times that the boundary between life and death blurred.  When the text came through, her time in Ukraine was coming to an end. I thought she would be relieved to be heading back to the UK, where missiles, gunfire and the anxiety of an ambush laying around the corner are seldom thought about. “No, I hate coming home. It’s the worst part, I’d much rather stay here. There is no feeling like being in a combat zone, especially with volunteers. The relationships you build here… you can’t find anywhere else. I’m very, very sad to be leaving.” What would convince someone who is using their own money to enter a country at war multiple times? Jess is from the leafy Cardiff suburb of Llanishen. It is a frontier town of sorts, dividing the capital from the Welsh Valleys, but is miles away from the frontiers she would find herself crossing in later life. Unlike many of her contemporaries, she did not enter the world of photography immediately through university or because of a celebrity hero. Her dad introduced her to it as a child, and by the age of 20, after being out of school for a few years and possessing little in the way of qualifications, she began working for an arts and culture magazine as a freelance photographer.   Around this time she stumbled on a documentary about the Chernobyl nuclear disaster and soon learned about the horrors of birth faults as a result of radiation poisoning. Children born with life-changing and hindering defects as a result of actions and decisions made outside their grasp and before their time. Mistakes made by those in power. “I watched it and thought: ‘I'm going to go to Ukraine’. I didn’t know how it was going to happen, but I told myself, ‘I'm going to go.’” Working in arts and culture opened her eyes to a world behind a world; one full of people with stories, struggles, happiness. Almost overnight, the two things — arts and culture, the Chernobyl nuclear disaster — fell into place, and Jess realised that she could use her work to help those children affected. She reached out to a Ukrainian hip-hop group on Facebook called Tulym Posse and asked if they were interested in visiting orphanages around the country, putting on shows and gifting the children instruments. They would be delighted. This was in 2016, and, after a crowdfunding and donation campaign, Jess was in Ukraine doing exactly what she had set out to do. “I've been returning ever since. It snowballed from that moment.” The more she researched, the more she found. And Russia’s invasion of the Crimea and subsequent campaign against the country’s east soon cropped up. The horrors, the displacement of thousands of innocent people, the missile strikes and online propaganda campaign, the attempts to destabilise an otherwise peaceful country in Europe did not make sense. Why was it happening? What was happening? Who were the people? The only way to make sense of it all was to see it for herself. JUST IN: Britons bullied over soaring energy bills in Russian TV rant  It was now 2018, and Jess had got herself positioned with the Red Cross to go to the frontline. But, at the last minute, they pulled out. Devastated, she reached out to a mutual friend, Vadim Bulik, who she knew through a Ukrainian graffiti artist but had never met. On a whim, he agreed to travel with her to the frontline. She credits Vadim with teaching her much of what she knows about war photography today. Returning home, Jess realised she wanted to tell the stories she had collected while in Ukraine. Without qualifications, it would be hard. But the University of South Wales saw her work, realised her passion and accepted her onto a course. She graduated last year and almost immediately headed to the frontline. Just before the coronavirus pandemic took a hold of the world, Jess travelled to eastern Ukraine. She went to Avdiivka, a city in the country's Donetsk Oblast. It was a place she was familiar with, having visited on every trip. Back then, while signs of the war were present, landscapes scarred, things were getting better. Things were getting repaired. The streets were bursting with life: “Children playing everywhere, even though it was -15°C, families were going shopping — it was the busiest I’d seen it. It was the first time I thought, ‘Gosh, this place is just getting back to itself.’” In June 2022, when she returned, the streets were empty and the shops bare, missile-sized holes pierced buildings that once housed schools. Others had fallen completely. In two years, Avdiivka had transformed into a frontier city, a place in-between places and one now on the frontline. It has since been sealed shut. Jess will be the last person allowed to enter until the war is over. DON'T MISS 'My friend and her babies were killed. It broke me' Inside Putin's war [EXCLUSIVE]Russia redeploys to the south as Ukraine aims to retake key city [REPORT] Ukraine 'turning military war' as exhausted Russia to face onslaught.. [ANALYSIS] When Russian President Vladimir Putin began his full-scale invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022, it was widely believed his goal was to quickly capture Kyiv and install a puppet government. That plan failed, and another was drawn up, focusing on Ukraine’s eastern and southeastern fronts. Focusing on towns and cities like Avdiivka. Today, Russian forces are edging slowly inland from these regions, but are increasingly struggling against a resilient Ukrainian force. The places where the fighting is happening are largely bare of people. Some left years ago when the first bullets were shot, others more recently as the missiles fell. There are only around 3,000 people left from a population of 26,000 in Avdiivka. Some people cannot leave. Some are too scared. Others are unable: “Often, it’s those with disabilities who are stuck, it’s impossible for them to go anywhere,” says Jess. Her most recent trip with the Hospitallers was to photograph their efforts to rescue and evacuate wounded people. People of any sort: citizens, soldiers, volunteers, even the medics themselves. She did not help them with their work but helped promote and spread it through images. Some show young volunteers, hollow-eyed with detached focus on their faces, working on dressing wounds, ensuring drips are functioning. Others show the ordinary in the very unordinary circumstances of war, and vice versa: the elderly walking home, thin plastic shopping bags in hand. A kitten sitting beside a military helmet. A volunteer spread across a stretcher, his foot completely blown off. Children playing in the street. Blood smeared across an empty medical hoist. A woman pushing a pram in the snow. A man led down in an ambulance holding his head, a medic by his side, the light glinting off his ring finger. The feelings these raw, unedited and disjointed images stir is the intended result.    It is easy, however, to look at these photographs and forget about the person taking them. When Jess embedded herself with the Hospitallers, she was slotting into an intense environment in which friendships and trust precede introductions. Those volunteer medics were her brothers and sisters before they had laid eyes on each other. They count on one another for survival, for laughs, for support, for sanity. But with such an intense and unnatural living environment, conflict and infighting must be an ordinary part of existence in the war zone? “You’d think so, but it’s not. Your lives are in each other’s hands. Everyone there is different. Everyone has different political views and takes on the war, but the one thing that unites us is saving lives and saving each other's lives,” she says. Much goes on when the camera is turned off. The reality of war brings to the surface dreams, hopes, thoughts of the future that manifest as late night conversations. Many of the medics Jess worked with were young men and women, often those who had woke one morning and told their parents they were going to work in the city, and instead made their way to the frontlines. On the last day of Jess’ trip, one medic she had grown close to, a young Greek called Alexis Tsiolas, told her that he realised he wanted to marry his girlfriend. Once the war was over he would settle down for good and have children with her. “I want to start my family, I want a child with my girlfriend and to make her my wife. I want a house with a dog, a real family,” he said.  A week later, his team was travelling along a road in their ambulance when it crashed. One of his team mates lost his arm. Another lost her life. Alexis narrowly escaped death, but not without losing his hand and part of his arm. “He’ll live,” says Jess. “But he’s severely hurt.” He is 24 years old. It was a freak accident, and one of the many harsh truths of daily life in Ukraine, like the small contraptions which hide on the ground and can kill instantly: landmines. According to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNOCHA), eastern Ukraine is one of the areas most contaminated by landmines in the world. The weapons, which were banned in 1997 — a treaty opposed by Russia and several others like the US — have been littered across the region since the war began in 2014, and according to the UN Humanitarian Coordinator in Ukraine, have killed 1,200 people since then. “They’re the most haunting injuries you’ll see,” says Jess. She witnessed many injuries caused by the PFM-1 mine, a tiny device which resembles a green, hand-sized butterfly. Children often find them while playing. But it does not end there. Yet more dangers face those volunteering and fighitng in Ukraine. While in Pokrovsk, Jess was shown a piece of artillery that had dumbfounded Ukrainian military personnel. “It was absolutely massive, about a metre and a half wide in circumference, and a metre and a half long.”  A giant missile, when it dropped, fragments travelled around two kilometres in every direction. “It pierced through every window, every car, all the way through the roof [in the area]. The damage was so extensive.” It was a cluster bomb, banned by the Convention on Cluster Munitions (CCM) in 2010. The covention was opposed by Russia and the US. The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) reports that 5,235 civilians had died as a result of the conflict by July 24, a further 7,035 people injured. The organisation states, however, that the real numbers could be higher. While figures vary for the number of Ukrainian soldiers who have perished, the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence puts the number at more than 35,000. It is impossible to say how many of these have died by missiles and landmines, but as Jess explains, weapons like them distort the rules of war: “This missile, this absolutely evil weapon, proves and shows that at the moment, [the Russians] aren’t just targeting the military. Something that is going to send out fragments, little metal balls up to two kilometres away, you’re never going to know who you’ve hit and what you’ve hit.” Day-to-day existence in Ukraine goes from one extreme to the next. Jess was constantly on the move, unable to stay in one place for too long for fear of her location being compromised. It is the same for Ukrainian officials, who, when travelling, jump from car to car to car, “as saboteurs watch these people”. The chief administrator of Avdiivka, who Jess interviewed, is targeted multiple times a week. Increasingly, however, it is not just government figures that are attacked.  Travelling through Avdiivka in an ambulance “with clear medical insignia on it”, Jess and the medical volunteers were targeted by Russian mortar fire. Footage she filmed shows the team moving along a quiet stretch of road lined with trees, grass and overgrown shrubs. What was once a leafy suburb of the city. Nine seconds in, a whistling can be heard: missiles skimming overhead. The Geneva Convention states that knowingly firing at a medic wearing clear insignia is a war crime. “If the medics were doing an evacuation or needed to pick somebody up, it would have been hugely dangerous, and they may not have been able to complete that evacuation or get the civilians out who needed to leave,” says Jess. “But unfortunately, this is happening in cities all around Ukraine — it's just one example of many.” When I spoke to Jess she was sitting in the comfort of her childhood home. She had a stable WiFi connection and an iced Costa Coffee in hand. She is working on a string of other projects: something about a hoverboard, an aquarium in Plymouth. She had only the week before left the frontline. How does someone, if at all, readjust to normal life? “It always takes time,” she says. “It helps to talk about it, but you just have to carry on. Just like those in Ukraine, you can’t spend time sitting and reflecting. Things can change quickly, you learn to adjust quickly.”  But while the stoic mindset helps to a certain degree, the unconscious mind has a habit of creeping in and reminding Jess where she has been, what she has seen. This time, it is planes. In previous years in the eastern regions of Ukraine, very few planes had been able to take to the skies because of a blanket ban on the airspace. “This time, it was unusually busy. There were maybe two or three military planes flying over every day. You never know if they're going to be Ukrainian or Russian, you always have to think, listen, see which direction it's going in order to gauge an idea of who it might be. Landing in Luton, my brain was still in that mode. But instead of military aircraft, it’s Ryanair, Wizz Air.” Her parents are glad she is home in one piece, and they can once again breathe. “They obviously didn’t want me to go, and I spare my mum the stories, but I do tell my dad. They’ve never stopped me going, and they never will, because I’ll go anyway. They’re very supportive.” But their relief will not last for long. In November, Jess will again make the journey east. She will likely, as she has done nearly every trip, take a car or ambulance filled to the brim with essential items to donate. She will take photographs of those outside of the headlines, those who fly under the radar but whose work Ukraine counts on. And she will capture the ordinary in very unordinary circumstances: children playing, people shopping, clothes out to dry on washing lines. “It’s changed my life forever,” she says. Whatever work Jess ends up doing, wherever she might find herself, she will always make time to travel to Ukraine, to reunite with friends, brothers, sisters. To help the country rebuild not only itself, but its arts, its culture, its image. “I will always go back — much to the dismay of my mum.” Jess Daly is a freelance photographer and journalist who has documented various humanitarian crises including in Ukraine and Lebanon. You can find her work here and here. "So much blood was spilt in 2014-15, snipers were killing people at the Maidan revolution and then the war began. I joined the medical battalion as a driver and a medic, driving many young volunteer fighters to the frontline. They were 18 years old. Rudya, one of the boys I drove to the front, had part of his head torn off by a mine. He lived but with severe consequences. After this I knew I could never leave the frontline. I drove Rudya myself and his injuries really affected me, there are so many deaths I have a big pain in my heart. There are so many young guys and girls here, they’re too young to die. "My grandchildren are growing up to live in a country with war, I want this to be over and to protect them from this. There is no point in hope, hope won’t bring us peace. I’m not expecting a positive outcome for Ukraine, we’re being sold off. Where we sit right now, new Russian soldiers rotated two weeks ago, it’s calm now but it’s calm before the storm. Its hard to describe this hybrid war." 'People call me 'Black Chaplain', according to my religion I'm allowed a weapon. "In 2014 I hung a Ukrainian flag up in my church, the Russians hunted me down and came to arrest me. "Now, I'm part of the 109th Brigade and the commander of the evacuation section. We concentrate on the disabled. "I want everything to get back to normal, we want peace. I have many plans for when the war ends, I want to build a safe house for neglected old people, to open a drug rehab centre. "The most painful thing is not seeing my children for over 100 days. The separation of families is painful — It's our role to bring light to dark places, love your neighbour." "I didn’t want to become a paramedic for the Hospitallers in 2019. I don’t want it now. But I will never forget it. "I wanted to become a pro-surfer or pro-snowboarder. I wanted to become an artist, sing or act in movies — or even make them. "But I became a soldier, a killer, an animal. Sometimes I am scared of myself. "This war ruined all my dreams. And now it is ruining the lives of everyone around me. I hate it so f****ng much. I will never forgive Russia. I am very upset that I was born there. "That is why I am here and will fight for Ukraine till the end." "I want to start a family, I want a child with my girlfriend and make her my wife. I want a house with a dog, a real family. "I'm strong mentally, I'm ready to work in high pressure. "War is evil. You live your life, everything is fine but then it's all taken away. "I want to live the same life I did before. I want to continue the life I had. I want to start a family with my girlfriend. "There are many heroes in this war but I am certainly not one of them."   "We've arrested saboteurs while working here along the checkpoints of the Donbas region. "War is difficult. Years ago I could never have imagined this. Now its my duty to protect my country, our cities and our peaceful civilians. "Our people are peaceful, they shouldn't suffer. It's hard to see, the scariest thing is knowing that anyone could be killed at any moment. "We're not fighters, but women and children are being slaughtered in action so we must do something about it. I haven't seen my family for over 100 days. I hope they'll be home soon." "The hardest moment for me during this war is when my ex-wife moved back to the occupied city of Donetsk with my child in 2014 as she was pro-Russian. "For the first three years she wouldn't let me communicate with my family. Finally, she came back with my child to Kyiv. She's not pro Russian now, but it's still buried in her heart. There are so many examples of families torn apart. "We need you to understand that if Ukraine falls, Europe will be next. "When he starts to scratch the rest of Europe then maybe they'll feel it but they need to stop this now. We just want victory, and to survive." "I am a surgeon sister. Once, I cleaned the floor and collected a whole bucket of blood while working on our wounded military. It is a moment I won't forget. I poured the blood of our soliders on to the flower bed outside the ambulance. The earth was deep red. "I was careful to ensure no one walked on their blood, this is our men. I've promised that when the war is over, I will return to this flower bed and pay my respects to our soldiers. "Sometimes, when I cut off the clothes of our wounded and put them in the bin, the blood pours out of the bin. This is a truly bloody war. "We've had Russian military casualties here. Of course we treated them, we cannot leave them without medical help. I tried to talk to them. I asked them why they were here, they told me that as snipers, they are paid a mere $57 (£47) per day to kill us. Once we treat them, the SBU (Security Services of Ukraine) arrest them and take them away. "My son and ex-husband are currently fighting in Kherson. My son is my hero."