Perhaps, saying a pal looks lovely in their new outfit, even if a bin bag might be a better option. Meanwhile, each day, what of the curated versions of our lives on Facebook or Instagram - where the unflattering is edited out to grab the most likes. So, when Prince Harry talks about truth, well, given his issues, experience and singular perception, there`s always a chance his version of events might not square with those of others.  As goes the tea towel slogan, just because I'm paranoid, doesn`t mean they`re not out to get me.Not that you can blame the Prince. Ever since he was compelled to fulfil someone else's appalling decision to make Harry, as a grief-stricken 12-year-old walk, behind his mother`s coffin, the shattering of his soul has been palpable. It's what has made us both bleed for him and hold him in so much affection. Especially when the Tiggerish prince finally started to get his Mojo back.But given the years of hurt, of damage, or misplaced decisions and loss, coupled with his fury at the relentless criticism of his beloved wife, how well can we trust Harry to be storyteller of his own life? Principally in the "hotly anticipated memoir"  the Prince is due to release at the end of this year.As the Duke of Sussex himself said when news broke of the book: "I’m writing this not as the Prince I was born but as the man I have become.In other words "his truth". But will it be the total truth? And do we really need to hear it? It's why the time has surely - surely – come for Harry to step away from the light and close the personal narrative. Sure it`s too late to stop the highly anticipated memoir being released. But if, according to insiders who dawdle in the shadows of royalty, it was written (or rather ghost written) during "peak rage" what is its point?So let this be the last word for Harry. The moment to put down his quill. Or as my late mother used to say when asked what made her a great mother-in-law to my husband and to my brother`s wife, “see all and say nothing.”Because if he doesn`t complain and doesn`t explain then Harry will set himself free from, to paraphrase Hollywood movie Ghost, "holding on to a life that doesn't want him anymore".Even in light of the fact the next few months are set to bring a flurry of books tipped to give new insight into the lives and behaviour of the Royal family.  The irony is that Prince Harry must have reflected on how exposure to innermost feelings damaged his late mother. Not least the nuclear interview with Martin Bashir - procured by nefarious means as a way to `set the record straight.' It was spellbinding for the viewer. But it poked the bear for Diana. Why would Harry want it?  Even if it will yield millions of dollars.Prince Harry has a loving wife and two adorable children - a family who surely healed him in the way William has said he has been restored by Kate and his own children.And America adores Harry. Whatever our sceptical British sensibility, the US wants to hear his psychobabble and will give him the platform to be his own man. Even if it has been secured because of his royal heritage.So time for silence, Harry. Because the truth is the only person he will ultimately, tragically damage is himself.