As outspoken broadcaster Piers Morgan, 57, takes a break from hosting Uncensored for the rest of the summer, the former Jeremy Kyle Show presenter, 57, stood in to front the "anti-woke" news programme. In his introduction though, he made a savage dig at notorious Meghan Markle critic Piers by suggesting the Duchess of Sussex might come on the show "just to spite" the former Good Morning Britain journalist. Opening the first show of the week, Jeremy commented: "Good evening my friends, and a big, big welcome to Piers Morgan Uncensored with me Jeremy Kyle." He went on to joke: "The disappointing sequel, the always tricky second album, the Big Breakfast with Richard Bacon - you get the feeling. "So, the big guy has gone away for five weeks - off to chat to serial killers, as one does." Jeremy continued: "He's locked his dressing room, or should we say, his wing, with strict instructions for me to stay well out. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold "The pre-show delivery of raw steak has been cancelled and I'm not even allowed to sit on his chair. "I had to bring this rather dodgy one from home. "The powers that be though, my friends, spent the summer casting around for a brilliant replacement - and Dermot O'Leary said no, Ant wouldn't do it without Dec and Dec wouldn't do it without Ant, and every Jeremy Clarkson was busy. "But finally, they found their man and they threw the TalkTV contact book open at the right page to a junior producer, but disaster struck. "The novice dialled the wrong number by mistake and before they knew it, Jeremy Paxman was a no, and instead you lot are lumbered with me." He went on to assure fans the show would be no different, adding: "We'll have all the big names, guests, the headline-making revelations that you've come to expect from PM. "We might have a bit of fun, too. And who knows, with gobby away, maybe Meghan Markle will fancy coming on and having a chat just to spite the old man." Taking to Twitter, Piers recently told his 7.9million followers that he would be breaking for the next few weeks. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau project 'causing problems' for Angel Adoree [LATEST]'Hate it!' A Place in the Sun guest leaves Laura Hamilton gobsmacked [VIDEO]Neighbours smashes audience record with final episode [LATEST] In a post on Saturday, he said: "That’s it for me on @PiersUncensored for the summer. "We’ve had a cracking first 56 shows, that started & ended with massive global scoops. "Thanks to my brilliant team for all their hard work. "I’m off to relax by grilling serial killers in American prisons. Back on air Sept 5." (sic) Uncensored was Morgan's first major TV role since his memorable exit from Good Morning Britain in March 2021. He publicly walked off the set and didn't return following a heated discussion about his comments toward Meghan Markle. Uncensored hit screens back in April, and despite an initially high viewership, the show has suffered increasingly low ratings. Uncensored airs Mondays to Thursdays from 8pm on TalkTV.