Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo has been told that he will remain on the bench for big games under Erik ten Hag after the Red Devils’ 2-1 win over Liverpool on Monday evening. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner came off the bench in the 86th minute as United held on to claim their first Premier League points of the season. Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho got the United goals and flourished alongside Anthony Elanga, Bruno Fernandes and substitute Anthony Martial, and former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol believes that Ten Hag will continue to use Ronaldo as a substitute in big games. “Keep it the same way,” Nicol told ESPN when asked how he would utilise Ronaldo. “The fact that you send a team out that performs in the way that Man United did today, then you ain’t changing it for anybody, Ronaldo or no Ronaldo. “I think he [Ten Hag] has given Ronaldo food for thought, and if he’s got any sense which I am sure he has, he will realise that when it comes to the big games, he is sitting on the bench. “Because when it comes to the big games, United won’t play the way they did against Liverpool, they will be sitting back and try to hit them on the break and that means it’s going to be Martial with his pace, it’s going to be Rashford with pace, it’s not going to be Ronaldo so he better get ready for that. “Ronaldo is a guy that wants to play the big games, he didn’t come to Man United to play against Southampton next week or any of these sides, he wants to score in the big games but they have shown that’s how they are going to play. They aren’t going to turn into Ajax next week against Southampton.” Ten Hag made the bold decision to leave both Ronaldo and club captain Harry Maguire out of his starting lineup to face Liverpool, and explained his decisions prior to kick-off. “We know Liverpool are a really good team and you need to press them,” Ten Hag said. “You have to do that out of a block and need energy, that is why we went with Rashford, Sancho, Elanga. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already “[Raphael] Varane is a very experienced player, won everything and will bring the communication in the back four. We want mobility and agility in the back four.” Ten Hag claimed that both Ronaldo and Maguire have big parts to play in United’s season however. "The demand is for everyone, including the manager," he stated in his press conference when asked about the two dropped stars. "We have to deliver. You have an obligation to the club, to the fans. “This is a massive club with a huge fanbase, and we have to deliver that. We have to act as a team, and every individual, every day, has to give their best. That is the demand for the manager and also for the team."