Antonio Conte was picked up by pitch-side microphones repeatedly asking Thomas Tuchel the same question after the Tottenham and Chelsea managers continued their bust-up after the 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea's match with Tottenham started off in a friendly manner but the atmosphere shifted after a confrontation between the two managers midway through the second half.  Conte raced out of his technical area to celebrate in front of Tuchel after Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg equalised for the visitors. The pair had to be separated by the fourth official before both managers were shown a yellow card. Reece James' goal then saw Tuchel run past Tottenham's dugout and race down the touchline. Conte's celebrations appeared to be slightly more muted after Harry Kane's dramatic late equaliser in the final few seconds of the match. As the final whistle blew, cameras quickly panned to Tuchel and Conte as the two managers went to shake each other's hands. The Tottenham boss appeared to try and get it over and done with quickly before trying to storm off. But Tuchel kept hold of his rival's hand before the two squared off once again. Security had to step in as Conte and Tuchel tried to continue their war of words. Conte was then picked up by pitchside microphones repeatedly asking: "What do you want?" Players from both sides soon jumped into the brawl with Cesar Azpilicueta also confronting Conte. Referee Anthony Taylor also stepped in to show both managers a red card and the pair will likely face further punishment by the FA. Speaking after the match, Tuchel explained what happened in during the handshake fiasco.  “When you shake hands I thought we look into each others eyes but we had a different opinion so it was emotional," he said. "He was happy when they equalised and it got a bit heated but nothing big. We both got a red card? It was not necessary. "But a lot of things were not necessary. Another poor decision from the referee today. It’s emotional. You like it. We don’t need comments now. It was heated up and heated up. "Just look at it. It’s the Premier League, it’s the game. You love it, no? We love it. We are emotional coaches.”