Arsenal will be heading into their clash with Leicester City with a positive mindset - and in particular because Gabriel Jesus is on their side and has two strong records against the Foxes. The Brazilian boasts an incredible record against Leicester since arriving in the Premier League six years ago and has also never lost against them; two statistics that will give the Gunners another boost in confidence ahead of their first home game of the season. The 25-year-old, who signed for Mikel Arteta’s side in a £45million deal from Manchester City in June, showed glimpses of how he plans to lead the frontline this season with an impressive all-round display on his debut. Jesus was handed a full debut from the start on Friday and played for 82 minutes in the 2-0 win over Crystal Palace, with goals from Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka to give Arteta’s men a morale-boosting victory to kick off the new season. While he didn’t find the net on that occasion, Jesus has looked sharp in pre-season - finding the net seven times in five appearances - and it is only a matter of time before the goals start flowing. READ MORE: Arsenal star Gabriel Jesus already has two partners in crime And the Gunners will be hoping he hits form again after wreaking havoc against Leicester in the Premier League during his days at Man City.Since his first appearance in 2016, Jesus has hit five goals in seven games from just 13 shots against the Midlands side, boasting a conversion rate of 38 per cent when facing their Premier League counterparts. It should be mentioned that Jesus did not score against Leicester last season, having played on the right side in their 1-0 win in September 2021 before he was left as an unused substitute for the 6-3 thriller at the Etihad. But he has also become something of a lucky charm, having never lost a game against Leicester and winning all seven of his meetings. Arsenal will surely hope he manages to keep his unbeaten record intact when the Gunners host Brendan Rodgers’ side on Saturday, with Jesus set to lead the line again for his new club. DON'T MISSBarcelona can 'sign Arsenal star after Chelsea transfer rejection'Arsenal sent 'whispers' about Diaby as Gunners learn Leverkusen feeArsenal interest in Pino causes 'shocking' dressing room reaction The striker, who scored 13 goals in all competitions for City last season, will also be looking to open his Arsenal account at the Emirates in front of his new fans after spending six years in Manchester. Arteta made a concerted effort to land Jesus this summer following the departures of Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. And he thinks the Brazil international’s mentality can help bring his team-mates up to a new level this season. "Obviously there are his qualities, his anger to score, his willingness to be coached, to improve,” Arteta told the club’s official website. "He is used to winning and he knows that winning is the only way to do it. I think he will set different standards at the club."