Johnny Depp’s future in Hollywood has been unclear over the last few years after domestic abuse allegations he strongly denied were made by his ex-wife Amber Heard. The 59-year-old star may have been dropped from big franchises like the Fantastic Beasts films, but amid winning his defamation lawsuit against his former spouse, it looks like he’s planning a big acting comeback. Depp’s last movie was 2020’s Minamata, which wasn’t released until February this year. And his next film, Jeanne Du Barry, is currently in production with French filmmaker Maïwenn for a 2023 release. The Jack Sparrow star plays the controversial King Louis XV, who was monarch of France from 1715-1774 – which covers the same time period as the setting of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. The projects have no connection, but it’s a return to this part of history for the actor, in a romantic drama about a royal concubine. According to Variety: “The story follows Jeanne, a young working-class woman who uses her intelligence and allure to climb the social hierarchy. She lands on the radar of King Louis XV who, unaware of her status as courtesan, falls madly in love. Against all propriety and etiquette, Jeanne moves to Versailles, where her arrival scandalizes the court.” The cast of Jeanne Du Barry also includes Benjamin Lavernhe, Pierre Richard, Melvil Poupaud, Noémie Lvovsky, Pascal Greggory and India Hair King Louis XV “The Beloved” succeeded his great-grandfather Louis XIV (the longest reigning monarch in history) at the age of 5. The latter's reign is criticised by historians for his corruption and wars that drained the French treasury for little gain. READ MORE: Johnny Depp: Pirates co-stars who strongly support Jack Sparrow return It’s not clear why Depp’s take on the monarch is blindfolded in the first look picture, although perhaps being “blind” to his own debauchery and incompetence could explain it. Louis XV was succeeded by his grandson, Louis XVI, the last King of France, who was executed by guillotine during the French Revolution. Jeanne Du Barry is produced by the Paris-based Why Not Productions with IN2 and France Télévisions. Netflix will stream the movie in France after a run in cinemas, while Wild Bunch International is dealing with world sales, so a UK release is TBC but presumably set for around 2023. SOURCE