Not long after that, Russian troops started firing on the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant. The way many people reacted to that was a cold sort of revelation for me. There was a common idea that nothing would come of it, because it was too ridiculous. Everyone remembers Chernobyl; nobody in their right mind would damage a nuclear reactor. But I think it is far too easy to believe that "sensible" and "likely" are the same thing, especially when you are watching from a safe place. The UK has its problems — but there have not been any genocides here recently. Churchill did not deliberately starve millions of people, we did not have a gigantic prison labour system that amounted to slavery, we did not have a secret police force that was well known for arresting people at random and murdering them in cellars. We also do not suffer from ongoing effects of multiple nuclear catastrophes. Old Soviet territories do though. That was actually what I had been writing about. There is a place in the east of Russia called Chelyabinsk 40, or City 40, or Ozersk. Those are all code names. Chelyabinsk 40 is a PO Box number, in days gone by, if you wanted to get post to this city, you had to send it to the city next door, Chelyabinsk. It is called Ozersk now, but that is a vague name too. Ozero means lake; it is just "the place on the lake". It was a secret city during the Soviet era — it was not on any maps — because it was the home of six nuclear reactors and a facility that made weapons grade plutonium for hydrogen bombs. In 1957, something happened there: a vast accident. It was probably a nuclear waste storage shed that was not being cooled properly. It exploded. Clouds of radioactive material blasted into the atmosphere, and people miles away came down with radiation sickness — nausea and burns. To experience those symptoms, you have to be exposed to the amount of radiation you would get from having about ten thousand chest X-rays all in one go. That is not a small accident. That is a disaster the size of Chernobyl. The western world found out about Chernobyl because Ukraine is near enough to places like Sweden and Denmark for radiation detectors there to go off if anything happens. But City 40 is near the Urals. Even though the wind took the fallout thousands of miles, it did not reach into the west. So unlike Chernobyl, the disaster at City 40 stayed secret. What happened next was something so strange that it sounds made up. Some people were evacuated, and the area affected — thousands of square kilometres — was partially closed off. But instead of calling it a disaster zone, the local authorities declared that this was a nature reserve. And then, they began to bring in scientists to study what happened to the local wildlife. City 40 itself remained populated all the while — it had schools and theatres and all the rest. Its river, the Techa, flowed unimpeded into the Arctic, full of nuclear waste. In the 1970s, a Soviet scientist, Zhores Medvedev, tried to expose this to the West…and no one believed him. It was too crazy. But he was right. It happened, and it is still happening. The radioactive trace from the disaster is still there. People are warned never to swim in lakes across the region, and radiation-related health problems are widespread. It is not a secret in Russia anymore, which in some ways is more scary, because that makes it normal. Just a thing that happens. When all that is just a thing that happens, it is hard to imagine that anything can stay unthinkable for long. The Half Life of Valery K by Natasha Pulley (Bloomsbury Publishing, £16.99) is out now.