Frenkie de Jong’s fiancee, Mikky Kiemeney, has insisted the pair are ‘living their best life’ at a time where the midfielder’s future at Barcelona remains uncertain. Both Manchester United and Chelsea are keen on signing the 25-year-old before the transfer window shuts on September 1. However, the Netherlands international wants to stay in Catalonia despite a reluctance to take a pay cut. Manchester United have spent most of the summer pursuing De Jong, believing the midfielder’s positive relationship with Erik ten Hag can lead to a summer transfer. Chelsea, however, have registered their own interest over the past week and think they are now frontrunners in the race to land the 25-year-old. Amid the uncertainty over De Jong’s future, his fiancee Mikky has now taken to social media to share images of herself with the player. The duo, who are childhood sweethearts, are said to be ‘living their best lives’. De Jong poses for the camera and cracks a smile as he drives, while images were also shared that show the Netherlands international posing on a jet-ski. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything It’s unclear if the images that went on social media were taken at the time or earlier in the summer, when the pair went away. De Jong and his fiancee went to Mexico for their holidays shortly after the 25-year-old had starred for the Netherlands in their 3-2 Nations League win over Wales. And the Barcelona star popped the question during this trip, before taking to Instagram showing himself in the act. "I can’t wait to spend the rest of our lives together,” he said. "She said yes." DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already There have previously been reports saying De Jong’s fiancee, like the player himself, doesn’t want to uproot from Barcelona. However, amid interest from United and Chelsea, the midfielder may have no choice but to leave Catalonia behind. Barcelona want De Jong to take a substantial pay cut and have even threatened him with legal action, having allegedly found issues with his contract. The midfielder, though, has no intention of dropping his salary - which is believed to be worth £360,000-a-week. Barcelona have, publicly, insisted they’d like De Jong to stay at the club. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. But they need to jettison the Netherlands international so they can register new recruits such as Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. Kessie and Christensen could actually both leave Barcelona for free if they’re not registered due to clauses in their respective contracts. And it seems the saga is finally approaching its end, after weeks and months of speculation. De Jong has been quiet in recent times, having previously addressed his future earlier in the summer. Speaking in May, he said: “I used to be reckless when I was asked about other clubs, that time has passed. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I can’t say anything about that but I prefer to stay at Barcelona. “I have already said it before, Barcelona are the club of my dreams since I was little. “If other clubs call I will take the call, of course. It is something that is always done.” And he added: "You are always flattered when teams show interest in you as a player. "But I think I am at the biggest club in the world at the moment, I feel fine there, so no news." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here