Rumbleverse - the latest free-to-play game - is out today, with the game available to download on PlayStation and Xbox consoles as well as via the Epic Games Store. The 40 player battle royale brawler will be available to play first on Thursday August 11, with the Playground mode and Duos live to start with. But this will just be the beginning with the Rumbleverse season one launch not far away as well. Rumbleverse season one will be going live on Thursday August 18 which will bring with it the first Battle Pass. The first Rumbleverse Battle Pass will offer 100 rewards that can be unlocked as you earn more fame and progress your career in Grapital City. To purchase the Rumbleverse Battle Pass you'll have to spend 1,000 Brawla Bills, Rumbleverse’s in-game currency. If you complete the Battle Pass early you'll earn 1,500 Brawla Bills, which can then be used to purchase the season 2 Battle Pass. If you're thinking of jumping into Rumbleverse today you may be wondering what the game will have to offer at launch. Here's details on what to expect from the Duos and Playground modes, as explained by developer Iron Galaxy in a blog post... In Duos Mode, you start with only eight slots for your stats, and a bit less Max Health than you do when you play alone. Additionally, you won’t have access to the Superstar Comeback system. If your teammate gets eliminated, you will get additional Max Health and Stat Slots awarded to you to help keep you in the fight. Don’t worry though, as running out of Health in Duos mode won’t KO you right away. If your teammate runs out of health, they’ll be Downed and in need of Help. To Help your teammate, simply stand near them and press the Interact button to cheer them back to their feet. You’ll have 30 seconds to do so, but if your teammate is Downed again, you’ll get progressively less time to help them. Sounds simple? It is… until enemy teams are hovering over your friend trying to stop you. Try using the Vicious Blas or activating your Superstar Mode to push opponents away from your friend, and then help them up as quickly as you can. As a bonus, if you attempt to help a teammate while Superstar Mode is activated, you’ll help them up twice as fast. Want to explore the city at your own pace and perfect your moves? Looking for a few lessons on how to play before you launch head-first out of a giant cannon? Check out our free roam experience, Playground Mode. The city will be fully open to explore. Seek out training modules in different neighborhoods to learn gameplay lessons. Spar with the high-tech robots to help you unlock your inner champion. Explore on your own or with a friend. Enjoy Grapital City at your own speed. You can join a Playground server alone or with a friend. If you bring a friend, you won’t be paired as a team. This will allow you to fight each other or create your own fun in a multitude of ways. If you are eliminated while you are in Playground, you can press the Option button (on PlayStation) to respawn nearby.