As Married at First Sight returned to screens this week, fans were anticipating more drama from the E4 marriage show, and there may already be some explosive repercussions following Tuesday's pairings. Thomas addressed his already-shaky marriage to Adrian following the dramatic episode, and he seemed to hint the two are no longer together. The episode saw Thomas left fuming that his groom was blonde, and he even compared his new husband to Clare Balding. Things went further downhill when Thomas had a row with Adrian's best friend, Katie. Taking to Instagram Stories following the instalment, Thomas took questions from intrigued fans. Many asked if he and Adrian were still together, and his answers had to remain cryptic because he can't give anything away due to the show's rules. READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed However, he still insinuated that it wasn't happy news for the couple. In the clip shared, he said: "I can’t answer that but what I will say [is] I wish everyone from the show all the best, whatever happens, I wish everyone all the best." Discussing how he had compared Adrian to broadcaster Clare, he said: "It could have been so much worse, I could have called him Sue Barker, Sandi Toksvig." His mother then chimed in to add: "Aldi Sam Ryder!" which Thomas seemed to agree with. The series is promising to be more dramatic than ever, with 30 episodes showcasing the highs and lows of the couples. The individuals looking for love will be matched by the usual experts - Mel Schilling, Paul Brunson and Charlene Douglas. For most of the couples, they learn to connect with their new partners and learn to accept one another. However, other couples may feel they have been matched incorrectly and they look elsewhere for a partner. DON'T MISS... Paul Newman explains how wife landed Robert Redford iconic role [LATEST]EastEnders resident Frankie Lewis attacked in horrifying ordeal [SPOILER]Gregg Wallace refuses to finish MasterChef star's undercooked fish [VIDEO] This will become an even bigger problem when two "intruder couples" come in halfway through the process. Paul teased recently teased that more "couple swapping" and cheating could happen in the series. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: "What's really interesting is that every cast member becomes a little bit more astute than the previous series. "I think part of that is being aware that you know what, even though I'm matched with someone, there is a possibility of someone else in this group being a potential for me. "I think that is even more evident this series than any series I have worked on previously." With viewers loving the unexpected ups and downs between the couples, it seems they certainly won't be disappointed. As for Thomas and Adrian, they will have to wait until the season is over to get confirmation on what really happened. Married At First Sight UK airs from Monday to Thursday on E4. 