Appearing on ITV's This Morning on Tuesday, August 16, Dr Ellie Cannon went into detail about the ABCDE checklist when it comes to identifying potentially cancerous moles. First, Dr Cannon explained that a mole is "an area of pigmentation" that usually develops in childhood. "Most moles are absolutely fine and nothing to worry about," said Dr Cannon, elaborating on what a healthy mole looks like. "A healthy mole has a nice, round border," said Dr Ellie, pointing towards an enlarged picture of one. "It's basically one colour, it's a nice circle, it's quite small... and it looks fine." Dr Ellie also noted that you would know whether or not a mole has been there a long time on your body, and if it has, it's less worrisome than a new mole. "When we start to get worried is when they have changes, what we call in medicine, 'an ugly duckling'," Dr Ellie began. READ MORE: Cancer: Popular herbal tea containing 'known cause' of cancer To identify an ugly duckling mole, knowing what moles tend to look like on your own skin, there could be one that "stands out a bit". Dr Ellie elaborated: "For example, it might not have that lovely, normal colour; it might have different colours in it. "It might have an edgy border rather than a nice, regular border. It might change the way it feels - itchy, bleeding, that sort of thing." Pointing to a mole with "all different colours in it", Dr Ellie highlighted the "very dark and lighter dark" marks within it and its "asymmetrical" shape.] Referencing the ABCDE model, Dr Ellie says doctors "always" use the checklist to look for cancerous moles. "A is for asymmetry, it's not symmetrical," said Dr Ellie. "A nice mole is symmetrical." Dr Ellie said of borders: "What the outside of the mole looks like... does it look like a circle at all?"  "The colour of a mole should be nice and regular," Dr Ellie continued. "Whatever colour your skin is, a mole should have a very standard – even – colour." When it comes to diameter, anything "under 6mm", doctors "tend not to worry". If it's above 6mm, "speak to your doctor", advised Dr Ellie, adding that you should report "any lump or skin lesion if it is growing". "E is for evolving," Dr Ellie continued. "And this is something that is actually really important." Dr Ellie explained: "We've all got moles from when we were younger, are they changing? Often, a changing mole is really important, so look for that – if you're not happy because you think something has changed, come and speak to us." Dr Ellie urged anybody who is concerned about their moles to book a doctor's appointment. Moreover, she urges everybody – no matter your skin colour – to wear sunscreen, to stay out of the sun between 11am to 3pm, and to cover up.