Brighton & Hove Albion manager Graham Potter has shrugged off talk of Moises Caicedo potentially leaving the club before Thursday's summer transfer deadline amid links to Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United. Addressing his future in the final days of the window, Potter has joked that his reported £42million valuation would only afford Caicedo's boots. Caicedo has taken the Premier League by storm since joining Brighton in a £4.5m deal from Independiente de Valle in February 2021. He was important to the Seagulls' ninth-place finish last season and has made an impressive start to their unbeaten start to the campaign. As interest heats up toward the end of the window, with Liverpool the most recent heavyweights to be linked, Potter has expressed his confidence in keeping the Ecuador midfielder at the Amex Stadium. And when asked about the touted price of £42m, he jested that club owner Tony Bloom would drive a hard bargain. He jibed: "I think you'd probably get his boots for that from the chairman maybe, knowing the chairman. It's not for me to talk about. It is what it is. When asked whether the bid would have to be closer to £100m, Potter added: "Yeah, well, they can try." JUST IN: Richarlison continues Liverpool feud by calling out Jamie Carragher  Potted continued by admitting he wasn't surprised that there was blockbuster interest in the 20-year-old, considering his current form and personality off the pitch. "Well, it doesn't surprise me that people are looking at him because he is playing at a fantastic level," Potter added. "And as soon as you do research on him, you realise he is a top kid, great person, young, playing in the Premier League, has all the attributes to play at the very, very highest level. READ MORE: Aston Villa's stance on sacking Gerrard as pressure builds  "So, no surprise, but we know the position he is in, and we know the position the club are in, which is we don't want to lose him, and we don't think we will. But in football, you never know. That is how it is, but we are quite calm and confident." Brighton are notorious for their tendency to be tough negotiators, most recently driving Chelsea up to £63m for left-back Marc Cucurella. So with just three days of the window remaining, a Caicedo exit is undoubtedly all but off the table. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here