Tyson Fury has travelled to Iceland in search of Thor Bjornsson after 'The Gypsy King' revealed that his fight with Derek Chisora is 'off'. However, the Icelandic strongman was 'nowhere to be seen'. Fury flew to Iceland in the hopes of meeting Bjornsson in his home country but the former World's Strongest Man winner is currently out in Rome filming a movie. In a series of videos posted to social media Fury detailed his journey where he claimed he had 'driven' his foe 'out of Iceland'. “You know where we are guys? Iceland. And you know what we’re doing here? We’re looking for Thor, come out and fight like a man,” said Fury in a video at the Keflavik Airport. He continued: "So we came to Iceland to fight Thor, he's not here so from now on if you want any smoke from The Gypsy King you're going to have to come to Morecambe Bay to find me." In another video, sporting a Viking helmet, the Mancunian added: "Thor, considering you're not here you've left Iceland to me, I am the new Viking. I own this place now, it's mine." Fury then followed this up with a video that showed him and his father John sporting the same helmets in which they claimed they had "run him [Bjornsson] out of town."  In response to Fury's videos, Bjornsson fired back by demanding he is sent a contract. He said: "I'm currently in Rome filming a movie, loving life and guess what -- Tyson Fury's in Iceland, he tried to find me, he couldn't find me because apparently, I'm not there. But Tyson, if your team is serious, If you're serious about fighting me, have your team send me a contract, let's get serious and I'll find you. I'll come to you. I'll find you no worries." The pair were rumoured to face each other earlier this year with both men confirming that they were in talks to stage an exhibition bout in 2022. Fury had come out initially to suggest he would face Bjornsson at a London football stadium in November but quickly turned his attention to a fight with Derek Chisora in December. However, on Thursday, Fury confirmed that a fight with Chisora is unlikely to happen due to 'Del Boy' demanding too much money. Taking to social media, he said: "You know, the funny thing is people love to do deals and then ask for more or change the goal posts but the usual thing is then I tell them to get f***ed so there we are." MORE BOXING NEWS... Oleksandr Usyk 'uncertainty' vs Anthony Joshua addressed by WBA Conor Benn and Chris Eubank Jr 'nearly came to blows' during backstage Usyk '15 kilos heavier' for Joshua rematch as Khan fears for Brit Talk of a third fight between Chisora and Fury began after 'Del Boy' picked Dillian Whyte to knock out the WBC heavyweight champion in his last outing back in April. Fury took exception to these comments and called out his former friend for a bust-up to settle their score. There didn't seem to be any need for a trilogy contest, with Fury winning both encounters in 2011 and 2014 but negotiations proceeded regardless. In their last contest, Fury became only the second man to stop the durable veteran with a tenth-round retirement victory. Since then, Chisora has only been stopped once – a knockout loss to Whyte in 2018. 