Leeds boss Jesse Marsch says the club are ‘trying everything they can’ to sign a striker before Thursday’s transfer deadline. The need for a new forward was made more pressing after the club suffered a fresh injury setback in last night's 1-1 draw with Everton after in-form Spaniard Rodrigo dislocated his shoulder, leaving him facing a lengthy spell on the sidelines. It is no secret that Marsch has been looking to add a new striker during the summer. Leeds have been linked with a host of names but missed out on top targets Charles de Ketelaere and Arnaud Kalimuendo who joined AC Milan and Rennes respectively. The club’s recent attention has focused on Wolves star Hwang Hee-Chan and FC Zurich youngster Wilfried Gnonto, with the American hopeful of bringing one to Elland Road. Rodrigo’s injury last night made the push for a new striker all the more important. The Whites No 19 has been in excellent form this season scoring four times in the first five games however he is now set for a spell on the sidelines. Patrick Bamford is not yet up to full fitness following an abductor injury leaving 20-year-old Joe Gelhardt as their sole fit striker. Now, Marsch has said he and the club will work hard to bring in a new striker before the window slams shut at 11pm on Thursday. READ MORE: Tottenham duo to leave club 'today' but Paratici still has two key tasks before deadline “It’s obviously been a goal of ours since the start of the summer,” he said after Tuesday’s match. “We’ve been active and we’re trying everything we can and we’ll see how it plays out here over the next 24 hours or so.” Interestingly, the 48-year-old took the step of praising Wolves star Hwang when asked about his side’s interest in the South Korean. The 26-year-old played under the Whites’ coach at both RB Salzburg and RB Leipzig. “I know Hee-chan very well,” Marsch said. “I like Hee-chan, he knows our football. He’s on our list, I can tell you that. DON'T MISS...Conor Gallagher's view on Crystal Palace move as Chelsea weigh up 'permanent bid'Chelsea reach agreement as Todd Boehly gets his wishNicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit “Everybody is trying the best that they can and I can only say thank you to everybody. “We’re trying to find ways to continue to improve our squad, but we have also done a great job and you can see we have a good team.” It remains to be seen whether or not Leeds will manage to sign the striker that Marsch craves before the window closes on deadline day.