Amazon Prime were forced to apologise twice in quick succession during the Canadian Open clash between Nick Kyrgios and Hubert Hurkacz after the Aussie launched an expletive rant on separate occasions regarding his opponent's long toilet break. Kyrgios had just forced a deciding set in what was proving to be a close match for a place in the weekend's semi-final. But the start of the third set was delayed when Hurkacz went off to the toilets for a change of clothes. New ATP rules brought in for this season mean players are only able to take one toilet break per match and they're only allowed to take place in between sets. Players are given a maximum of three minutes once they have entered the toilet while they also receive two minutes for a change of attire. The issue at many tournaments other than the majors is that the changing room facilities are not near the main arenas and such is the case at the Canadian Open. Hurkacz was gone for nearly eight minutes and came back just in time before a code violation would have been handed down to him. Meanwhile, Kyrgios was stewing in his seat as he wanted the set to get underway and let his frustrations out at the umpire.  "We're not f***ing machines bro," Kyrgios said. "We can't just go and stop, go and stop, go and stop." Amazon pundit Nick Lester then jumped on air to say: "Apologies for the language." In the next service game, Kyrgios went 40-0 up before dropping a point and then going on another rant about Hurkacz's toilet break.  He said: "No one needs to change f***ing clothes in f***ing 15 degree heat. 15 f***ing degrees bro." Lester was then forced to jump in again, saying: "Again, apologies for the language." The chair umpire opted against jumping in to give Kyrgios a warning for his language. But Robbie Koenig didn't think it would be long until some form of punishment would be handed to the Aussie if he continued. "I believe the chair umpire cannot let Nick get away swearing so loudly," he said. "There's no way he didn't hear that."