The “train station” has been one of John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) best-kept secrets ever since the very beginning of Yellowstone. A codeword for when John needs someone killed, fans have seen over the years how the likes of Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser), Lloyd (Forrie J Smith) and many others use the secluded location to dispose of enemies’ bodies. With season five’s first trailer here, a number have voiced their theories of what the sneak peek may mean, and Colby star Denim Richards may have dropped a big hint that the “train station” will be involved like never before. The teaser trailer, which dropped during this year’s MTV Video Music Awards, gives fans their first look at John, Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly), Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes), Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) and Rip. John’s voice can be heard over the montage, stating: “We’ll show the world who we are… and what we do.” The words “all will be revealed” are dotted throughout the promo too, alongside Beth looking startled, Jamie in shock, Rip loading an assault rifle, Kayce holding his head in his hands and John suited and booted walking toward the camera. The promo did its best not to give anything away but when reacting to the clip on Instagram, Colby star Richards may have. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kevin Costner rules out major Beth change After the show’s official page shared the promo, Richards replied in the comments section: “All will be revealed.. what do you all think will be the BIGGEST revelation this season 5? Best answers win.” There were, of course, swathes of responses, including from Yellowstone fan @lcykm_ who replied: “@denimrichards the train station will be discovered!!” While the comment garnered 16 likes, Richards himself took the time to reply, dropping a number of nervous-looking grimacing emojis. Could this be the bunkhouse star’s attempt at biting his tongue, or is it his way of letting the fan know they’re on the right track when it comes to the “train station’s” fate? Among the other predictions, @binkxox theorised: “@denimrichards Rip finds out Beth was pregnant and what Jamie did.” While @southernnurse detailed: “@denimrichards John wins the governors race, Kacey gets tired of Monica’s whining, also Kacey tells us his vision (which is how his marriage ends), the family goes head to head with Jackee Warner, Rip and Lloyd make up, Jimmy comes to visit, AND someone FINALLY gets the barrel racers off the ranch.” And some were less likely, as @vintageaddictionaz teased: “@denimrichards Jimmy & Colby open a chili restaurant.” Should the “train station” be discovered by law enforcement or other outside forces, it would certainly spell bad news for the Duttons. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5 theory: Double exit for Laramie and WalkerYellowstone's Cole Hauser thanks crew member as he admires new featureYellowstone's Kevin Costner speaks out on John Dutton death rumour Despite being 100 miles away from the nearest town, the number of bodies piled at the bottom would certainly raise some questions. While there may be no immediate evidence tying John and the Yellowstone Ranch to the bodies, surely it wouldn’t take long for the law to piece together the parts to point toward John. After all, the bodies include that of former bunkhouse workers and even Jamie’s biological father, Garrett Randall (Will Patton). John may end up facing some uncomfortable questions from law en forcemeat should it be discovered and a stint behind bars may follow. Fans will have to wait until season five rolls around to know for sure if Richards’ response will result in a devastating turn for the Duttons. In the meantime, there are a number of plot points fans are mulling over which will need to be resolved in the fifth run. From John’s campaign for Governor to Kayce and Monica’s (Kelsey Asbille) fraught marriage to Jamie’s future under the Duttons’ control, there’s plenty for Yellowstone fans to be excited about. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. Seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK now.