Barcelona star Memphis Depay is open to staying at the Nou Camp after Thursday’s transfer deadline, according to reports. The Netherlands international has been linked with a shock return to Manchester United at a time where the La Liga giants are trying to cut him loose. However, with the Red Devils recently snapping up Antony from Ajax, there’s no guarantee he’ll be on the move. Depay did well for Barcelona after arriving as a replacement for Lionel Messi last summer, with the 28-year-old scoring 13 La Liga goals as the club finished second in the table. However, since his move from Lyon 12 months ago, the Catalan titans have proceeded to bolster their attack with deals for the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha and Ferran Torres. With Barcelona hoping to balance their finances, they’re open to cutting Depay loose. They were at one point prepared to let him join Juventus for free, though it seems they now want a fee for the Netherlands international. Amid the uncertainty over the forward’s future, Manchester United have emerged as potential suitors - five-and-a-half years after the player left Old Trafford. Yet Spanish journalist Adrian Sanchez, speaking on his YouTube channel, has claimed Depay is open to staying at Barcelona should a move away fail to materialise. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers This comes after it was revealed on Monday that United were ‘keeping tabs’ on the forward’s situation. United have already strengthened their attack in recent days, with Antony primed to join from Ajax for an eye-watering £84million transfer fee. That makes him the second most-expensive signing in the club’s entire history with only Paul Pogba, who left Juventus for Old Trafford six years ago for £89m, costing more. But with the clock ticking down, it’s still unclear whether United will make an official bid for their former No 7. Depay previously joined the Red Devils back in the summer transfer window in 2015, when Louis van Gaal was manager, turning down advances from Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain in the process. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him He scored seven goals for United during his first season at the club yet fell out of favour towards the end of the 2015/2016 campaign, finding himself left out of the squad for the 2-1 FA Cup final win over Crystal Palace. Depay was then managed by Jose Mourinho, who replaced Van Gaal following the Dutchman’s failure to steer his side into the Champions League. Yet the 28-year-old was offloaded after making just four appearances under the Portuguese, with Lyon snapping him up. Fast-forward to now and, if Depay does re-join United, it’s possible it will be as a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo rocked the Red Devils at the start of the transfer window when he revealed he wanted to leave, having previously indicated he was ready to compete for a starting berth under Erik ten Hag. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. The 37-year-old has been professional in the time since but, having been left on the bench for three of his side’s first four Premier League matches, is no longer guaranteed regular action. Ten Hag has, publicly, said he wants to keep Ronaldo at the club - reinforcing this point after his side’s 1-0 win over Southampton on Saturday. But United are thought to be open to parting ways with Ronaldo should both they and the player receive the right proposal. Last year, Depay was asked about his failed stint at Old Trafford and why he was unable to live up to expectations, despite his vast talent. And he said: "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong. The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here