The research carried out by the council revealed that car usage remained “virtually unchanged” after the lower speed limit was introduced as part of a new Government trial. It added that the new speed limit did not encourage people to ditch their cars. Kent County Council introduced the 20mph zones in Faversham and Tonbridge as a trial in September 2020 in an effort to encourage more cycling and walking. And now, an independent report into the impact of the zones found that “overall, car usage remained virtually unchanged following the introduction of the 20mph limits,” The Telegraph reported. A number of residents added that they increased the amount of driving they did. Others, however, admitted they drove less. READ MORE: ‘Unforgivable’ Drivers warned of buying fuel from 'Big 4' supermarkets The limits were introduced to create a 20mph zone across much of Tonbridge town centre. The local authority was able to impose the speed reductions without prior public consultation under an Experimental Traffic Regulation Order. But an interim consultation of 1,123 residents found that 74 percent objected to the idea of a town-wide scheme and four roads were reverted back to 30mph zones. The report from transport consultants Agilysys also found that a “willingness to exceed 20mph limits/zones increased slightly in Faversham and greatly in Tonbridge” (from 17 percent to 30 percent). DON'T MISS Drivers warned of one button as it boosts 'fuel consumption by 20%' [WARNING] French driving laws spark fierce debate over petrol and diesel rules [INSIGHT] Drivers face hefty fines and licence points for saying 'thank you' [REVEAL] “Despite this, a large majority in both towns stated that they would be willing to always drive to the set limit and this actually increased in Tonbridge. “There was a mixed picture on whether respondents felt that there was more consideration for other road users because of the 20mph limits, and a quarter of Faversham and half of Tonbridge residents said that there was more aggressive driving.” Earlier this week Matt Boughton, the Tory leader of Tonbridge & Malling Borough Council, told The Telegraph that the decision to make some of the 20mph limits permanent was pushed through by Green Party councillors at the county council’s transport committee last November. Cllr Boughton said: “I think the frustration was that Green councillors were elected when they knew the consultation results but they wanted to keep all the roads on 20mph anyway. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known button to slash fuel consumption “I would not say it was undemocratic as such, people have got ideological positions on it and people have got practical positions on it. “In my view, it has gone a little bit too far.” Cllr Boughton added the speed limits were unnecessary on larger roads and had failed to give drivers an “incentive” to stick to them. It comes as speed limits on some country roads in Surrey could be cut from 60mph to 20mph under a pilot scheme by Surrey County Council to tackle dangerous driving in rural areas. Supporters have said lanes with a legal limit of 60mph would reduce the risk of collisions. But the AA has questioned this, warning any 20mph restriction “only makes sense where there is a specific danger”.