Chelsea have been busy in the transfer market this summer as they look to compete for silverware in the Premier League and Champions League. And their transfer spend will be crazy if they complete deals for Josko Gvardiol and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The Blues have cemented their place in the Champions League once again this season after finishing third in the Premier League last time around. But they were dealt a huge blow over the summer as influential defenders Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen headed for the Stamford Bridge exit when their contracts expired. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has backed manager Thomas Tuchel in the transfer market as the German has desperately attempted to rebuild his squad. And by the time the transfer deadline passes on Thursday, the west Londoners will have spent an astounding amount of money. In July, Chelsea splashed out £50million to prise Raheem Sterling away from Manchester City. And days later, they completed the signing of Kalidou Koulibaly from Napoli for £34m. JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel    The Blues then thrashed out deals in early August to sign Gabriel Slonina from Chicago Fire for £8.5m and Carney Chukwuemeka from Aston Villa for £20m, before landing Marc Cucurella from Brighton on the opening day of the campaign for a fee that could rise to £63m. Chelsea are also set to finally get their hands on Leicester defender Wesley Fofana after the Frenchman completed the second part of his Blues medical on Tuesday. And they will pay £70m for his services. That means Boehly’s transfer spending throughout the current window already stands at a whopping £245.5m. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes      Chelsea are now reportedly in talks with RB Leipzig over their star defender Gvardiol and could be forced to part with £77m to secure the signature of the 20-year-old. And Aubameyang will apparently cost the Blues £21.5m if they can finalise a deal for the Barcelona forward in the coming hours. If the final two transfers go through, Chelsea would have spent a staggering £344m since Boehly bought the club. And that would represent the biggest spend by an individual club in one transfer window. The current record is held by Real Madrid, who splashed out £272m in the 2019 summer transfer window to land the likes of Eden Hazard, Luka Jovic and Ferland Mendy, as well as a whole host of other stars. And if Chelsea outdoes the La Liga giants, Tuchel will be under enormous pressure to oversee a successful season and bring more trophies to Stamford Bridge.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here