Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie are the daughters of Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, and Prince Andrew. Beatrice turned 34 yesterday, while Eugenie is 32. To mark her sister's birthday, Eugenie posted new photos on her Instagram. One photo had never been seen before, and the two sisters looked glowing in it. In her Instagram post, Eugenie wrote: "Happy Birthday to my special big sissy. Love you so much." The post was a carousel of images, with the first one showing the siblings in matching white dresses. Although unclear when the photo was taken, it is clear that Beatrice is wearing a Self Portrait dress. Comprised of a fitted bouclé jacket with a waist-cinching belt, and a lace-trimmed pleated chiffon skirt, the outfit is also owned by the Duchess of Cambridge. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘highlights’ herself at public events - body language Beatrice wore the dress at the 2022 Annual Summit dinner at Mansion House in central London last month, while Kate has donned the same garment more than once this year. Most recently, the Duchess was seen wearing the dress at the Queen's Platinum Party at Buckingham Palace in early June. Called the Cream Tailored Bouclé And Chiffon Midi Dress, the two-piece is available to buy on the Self Portrait website for £400. In the dress' description, the brand said: "This midi wrap dress is cut from boucle, chiffon and fine lace. DON'T MISS: City with the cheapest pints in the UK named - just £3 [LIST]‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXCLUSIVE]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [EXPERT] "Designed with a long sleeved bodice that is fitted at the waist and falls to and pleated midi skirt. This style is lined with a self fabric belt and pockets. The dress is also available as a mini dress, as well as in black. In Eugenie's photo, the Princess is sitting next to Beatrice and wears a cream dress featuring buttons and a lace collar, but it is unclear where it is from. Another picture in the carousel is of Zara Tindall, Beatrice, and Eugenie on June 2 this year, at the Trooping the Colour Parade. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's £300,000 engagement ring 'dazzles' Eugenie was this time pictured in a Self Portrait dress, while Beatrice wore a blue floral midi dress from The Vampire's Wife. Zara donned a red Beulah London dress with a high neck and billowing sleeves. Another photo was of the sisters in blue and orange during the Platinum Jubilee service on June 3, while the last image was taken during the launch of Eugenie's podcast, Floodlight, in April this year. In the latter picture, Beatrice is wearing a Red Valentino biker jacket, a Misha Nonoo black pleated skirt, and black studded shoes from The Kooples. Meanwhile, Eugenie donned Carvela shoes and carried a red Chanel bag. Royal fans were quick to wish Beatrice a happy birthday on Eugenie's post, and praised the sisters for their stylish looks. Instagram user Mel Dormer wrote: "Such a lovely photo." Emily Skinner commented: "What a beautiful photo of you both." User @buzzy_x said: "Beautiful pic of two lovely ladies."