Meghan Markle has sat down for an exclusive interview with New York-based magazine The Cut. It came after the Duchess of Sussex released the first episode of her podcast ‘Archetypes’, during which she spoke to her longtime friend and tennis champ Serena Williams about the negative connotations of ambition. Meghan discussed the project with journalist Alisson P. Davis but also gave a rare insight into much of her and Prince Harry’s life in Montecito. The interviewer joined Meghan to pick up three-year-old Archie Harrison from preschool, describing the youngster running towards his mother “repeating ‘Momma, Momma, Momma’ in his little voice,” leaving his lunchbox behind on the ground. Earlier in their conversation, Meghan had claimed she would “never be able to do school pickup” if Archie was going to school in the UK. Ms Davis wrote: “She’d [Meghan] remarked upon how, if Archie were in school in the UK, she’d never be able to do school pickup and drop-off without it being a royal photo call with a press pen of 40 people snapping pictures. “‘Sorry, I have a problem with that. That doesn’t make me obsessed with privacy. That makes me a strong and good parent protecting my child,’ Meghan says." READ MORE: 'Meghan is most interested in Meghan!' Duchess slammed for using podcast to tell own story The Duchess’ remarks have faced intense backlash, with many royal experts debunking her claims about the school pickup in the UK. Richard Palmer, The Daily Express’ royal correspondent, tweeted: “I’m afraid Meghan is a fantasist if she believes this would be a daily occurrence in the UK, where the @ipsonews code has strict rules about treatment of children in education.” Robert Jobson, author of ‘William At 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch’, replied: “She’s worse than a fantasist. “I am beginning to think she actually believes her own #MeganTruths - It’s almost pathological. “What is very sad is she knows some people will believe this nonsense." He added: “This would be a clear breach of @ipsonews.” It has been pointed out that Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s children have attended school in the UK without facing such issues. It is understood that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge do the school pickup and drop-off themselves, and will continue to do so following their move to Windsor. Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven and Prince Louis, four, will attend Lambrook School, which is just a 15-minute drive away from the Cambridges’ new home, Adelaide Cottage. Dan Wootton, columnist at MailOnline, tweeted: “William and Kate drop their kids off to school most days sight unseen.” However, the Sussexes have expressed concern about their privacy when taking their children to and from school before. Meghan was photographed dropping off Archie on his first day of school last year. This prompted Harry to vent his frustrations when appearing on the Armchair Expert podcast in May 2021. The prince critiqued paparazzi culture and branded it “madness”. Harry told host Dax Shepard: “Page Six of the New York Post, they took photos of my son being picked up from school on his first day.” DON'T MISS: Queen has NEVER lived in most important home due to Princess Beatrice [REVEAL] 'Arrogance and hubris is staggering' Meghan savaged over move to US [REACTION] Queen could 'intervene' to ensure Harry and Meghan visit Balmoral [INSIGHT] He added that paparazzi culture is “this sort of rabid feeding frenzy. Kids don’t get a choice; they don’t get a say in it.” However, he admitted dealing with paparazzi had since been “way better” after moving to Montecito. The Duke had previously claimed the intense media attention contributed to their decision to exit the Royal Family in 2020. During a surprise appearance on ‘The Late Late Show with James Corden’, Harry revealed the Royal Family can be a “really difficult environment,” and the constant media coverage was taking a toll. The prince told his friend and the show’s host: “It was destroying my mental health. “I was like: ‘This is toxic.'” He explained he “did what any husband and what any father would do,” adding “I need to get my family out of here.” But he insisted he “never walked away” from his family, concluding: “And as far as I’m concerned, whatever decisions are made on that side, I will never walk away. “I will always be contributing. But my life is public service, so wherever I am in the world, it’s going to be the same thing.”