The comedy chat show, which pokes fun the week's current affairs, first hit screens in 2005 and became a firm favourite. Despite being a BBC staple ever since, the show will air its final episodes this autumn. Hosted by Irish comedian Dara O'Briain for more than 200 episodes, the satirical show has seen the likes of Russell Howard, Frankie Boyle, Hugh Dennis and James Acaster featuring regularly. O'Briain commented: "That's it folks, the UK has finally run out of news. "The storylines were getting crazier and crazier - global pandemics, divorce from Europe, novelty short-term prime ministers. It couldn't go on." READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring The 50-year-old continued: "And so, regretfully, we are closing the doors on Dara and Hugh's Academy for Baby Comedians. "We just couldn't be more silly than the news was already. "Huge thanks to all our guests over the years, so many of whom went on to huge successes of their own, and never write or call. It was a joy!" The upcoming eight episodes will be the 21st and last series. Mock the Week has been praised with providing a platform for comedians who have gone on to achieve immense success, such as Michael McIntryre, Sarah Millican, John Bishop and Kevin Bridges. The BBC said: "The next series of Mock The Week will be the last, we are really proud of the show but after 21 series we have taken the difficult decision in order to create room for new shows. "We would like to thank Angst Productions, host Dara O'Briain, panellist Hugh Dennis and all the guest comedians involved in the show across the 21 series." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen heartbroken as Stu dies after row [THEORY]Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series [LATEST]Jeremy Kyle savages 'gobby' Piers as he takes over TalkTV show [VIDEO] Retweeting the news, the official Mock the Week Twitter account added: "We're mocking off..." and included a teary-faced emoji. Fans have been quick to express their disappointment over the news. Twitter user @jazzpool21 wrote: "@MockTheWeek Another reason why the TV licence should have an opt out option! "Cancelling the good programmes, topical for mundane sh1te & repeats! Sorry to hear you've been cancelled by overpaid executives who don't add value to society!" @sammilad echoed this, posting: "I'm not gona be renewing mine when it runs out only would I. Lie to you n not going out left I watch." (sic) @NicoleWatsonGer penned: "No, oh no. This can't be! One of the best, funniest, longest running and popular panel shows and they get rid of it? I'm totally gutted. This is a massive mistake by the BBC!" "@MockTheWeek This is such a shame, so disappointing, still love this show, really enjoyed being at a virtual recording during lockdown," "@EmilySturge added. @ShyKeenan shared: @MockTheWeek NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! @BBCNews MOCK OFF!!! ..don't take one of your best funnies away ..this is mistake ..how do we stop this?" @easyrider334 fumed: "@MockTheWeek If ever you want a reason why the license fee needs putting in the bin this my friend is it absolutely ridiculous." Mock the Week continues for its last series this autumn on BBC Two.