Chelsea are reportedly interested in signing £50million-rated Everton youngster Anthony Gordon this summer. The Toffees are believed to have held internal discussions over Blues outcasts Michy Batshuayi and Armando Broja, who could be introduced as part of the prospective deal. Gordon has attracted plenty of Premier League interest over the past few weeks with Tottenham and Newcastle United both trying their luck. Spurs were turned away when they tried to include him as part of the deal that saw Richarlison move to north London, while the Magpies' £35m offer for the speedy winger was considered insufficient. Now, The Times claim that free-spending Chelsea have joined the party as the club's new owners look to add youth to the squad. Gordon, 21, has become a regular fixture in Everton's starting line-up and played in each of the Toffees' first two Premier League games up top in Dominic Calvert-Lewin's absence. Chelsea supposedly have two players that Everton are keen on, with both Batshuayi and Broja of interest. The Blues could therefore exploit that by seeking to include them as part of an approach for Gordon, who the Toffees want to keep hold of. JUST IN: Bernardo Silva 'schedules Barcelona visit' in major Frenkie de Jong transfer hint  Despite links going quiet, Newcastle boss Eddie Howe is still thought to be monitoring Gordon with a view to making a move later in the window. But Chelsea's out-of-favour attacking duo could be used to their advantage with Everton desperately short of striker options. Ross Barkley won't be included in any player-plus-cash deal after the Toffees ruled out signing him several weeks ago. Thomas Tuchel fought for Broja earlier this summer when West Ham submitted a £30m bid and Real Madrid enquired about his availability. READ MORE: Arsenal given green light for Yeremy Pino transfer by Unai Emery - 'Will have to leave'  "I don’t expect him to leave," said the German last month. "We are aware of interest and offers, which just tells us there is a lot of potential, and the owners and me will take this decision together in the end, also with the player. Right now when he arrived [for pre-season], it’s clear he’s trying to impress and is just trying to become a Chelsea player as soon as possible. "After his loan at Southampton, the situation was very clear for him to make the next step, to show his improvement and make an impression in pre-season. Unfortunately he injured himself and of course there is a lot of noise going on because there are offers and interest in him. Let’s see how this goes but I’m pretty calm about it because we know the situation and we have a contract."  Broja was only given a few minutes to impress from the bench in Chelsea's Premier League opener against Everton last weekend. The 20-year-old was also overlooked for Sunday afternoon's clash with Tottenham as Kai Havertz, Raheem Sterling and Mason Mount were chosen to continue as a front three. Batshuayi, meanwhile, didn't even make the squad as his exit seems imminent this summer. He hasn't scored a league goal for Chelsea since 2019/20 and spent last season on loan at Besiktas, scoring 14 times in 42 games.