House of the Dragon has just launched on Sky and HBO, and the Game of Thrones prequel topped the viewership charts for the premiere. The series takes place 200 years before the events of Game of Thrones and it recalls the events leading up to the Targaryen civil war. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how the story continues in season two. The fantasy drama made its debut on August 21 and the first season is made up of 10 episodes. Yet less than a week after its initial release, Sky and HBO revealed a second season had been given the green light. The premiere, which aired on Sky and NOW in the UK, received five-star reviews and global critical acclaim. Described by critics as bigger, bolder and bloodier than Game of Thrones, the series is expected to grow in popularity. Zai Bennett, Managing Director of Content at Sky, said: "House of the Dragon is already proving to be a ratings hit, and we predict it will go from strength to strength due to the captivating storytelling and incredible production values. READ MORE: House of the Dragon trailer drops major Alicent Hightower spoiler  "We look forward to sharing a second series with our customers on Sky and NOW.” The news may not come as a surprise to all fans as the show's creators had already been talking about another season for weeks.   At the end of Fire and Blood, following the Dance of the Dragons, Targaryen succession becomes even more controversial. The civil war comes close to wiping out the dragons altogether, threatening the lineage even further. The book documents the beginning of Aegon III's reign, while he is still just a boy. The upcoming sequel should continue the Targaryen history until it reaches the events of Game of Thrones. While season two could continue the same timeline, there is scope to divert off into different stories. Despite what happens, the events should eventually lead up to the opening moments of Game of Thrones. The Targaryen Dynasty ends with Aerys II, the Mad King, who is Daenerys' father. Express.co.uk will continue to update this story as more information comes to light. House of the Dragon airs on Sky and HBO.