New research from Compare the Market looked at the most beautiful areas in Britain. It analysed destinations based on the number of lakes, hills and mountains, Instagram hashtags and the number of listed buildings. The Scottish Highlands were named Britain’s most beautiful staycation destination with over 300 lakes. READ MORE: Hand luggage rules: 5 everyday items which 'can't go through security' The Highlands also have almost 5,000 mountains and hills while there are just over 4,500 listed buildings there. On Tripadvisor one of the top rated activities in the Scottish Highlands is a visit to Loch an Eilein. One visitor wrote: “Yet another beautiful place. Choose between three walks. The scenery is just amazing.” Another person even shared that they had got engaged next to the stunning loch and thanked the local residents for being so “wonderful”. The Loch has a mysterious island castle ruin and was once even voted Britain’s favourite picnic spot. Lucky visitors might even spot some Highlands’ wildlife including red squirrel, crossbill and crested tit. Holidaymakers in the Highlands could also visit Fort George or attempt a tricky Ben Nevis climb. The area is the perfect road trip destination and there are many camping spots for staycationers who want to save a bit of money. READ MORE: Avoid weight gain on holiday with easy exercise '5 times a day' Britain’s second most beautiful destination is Devon. Devon has just under 20,000 listed buildings. There are over 400 hills and a huge number of walking trails for active holidaymakers to enjoy. Dartmoor National Park is one of Devon’s top attractions as well as being one of the only places in the UK where wild camping is permitted. Devon has a stunning coastline and holidaymakers can choose from a range of buzzing seaside resorts including Torquay and Paignton. Cornwall took the third spot and staycationers can enjoy many coastal walks in the popular British region. City-break fans could consider a holiday in Edinburgh and explore one of the city’s many historical sites. Kent was the last region to make the top five and offers over 17,000 listed buildings and more than 500 walking trails. Known as the ‘Garden of England’, Kent is renowned for its huge number of orchards and hop gardens. All the five destinations could be the perfect staycation holiday for active Britons.