Lee Westwood has weighed into golf's civil war by criticising the new PGA Tour proposal put forward by Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy. The pair, two of the most vociferous opponents to the Saudi-backed rebel league, are behind plans behind the formation of the TGL, a new golf league, which will be held as non-green grass events and played virtually in stadiums. The plans were discussed at a crisis PGA Tour meeting last week, which came ahead of the BMW Invitational in Wilmington. Despite not being involved in the tournament as a player Woods, 46, flew in especially to play a leading role in the talks. Indeed, the threat posed by LIV Golf to the status quo continues to grow, with Open champion Cam Smith on the brink of a lucrative move worth over £100 million. That follows Henrik Stenson being stripped of the European Ryder Cup captaincy over his own decision to jump ship. The likes of Lee Westwood, Ian Poulter, and Sergio Garcia are also set to be absent from the event in Rome having been among the earliest defectors. And prior to the inaugural LIV event at St Albans in June, Westwood in particular was grilled by journalists over the morality of his high-money move. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy held private chat with Open rival Cameron Smith to sway LIV Golf decision DON'T MISS:Mother of trans golfer targeting PGA tour hits out at Andy Murray's mum as row explodesJustin Thomas claims LIV is 'not going to work' without Tiger Woods supportLIV Golf rebels lose case to play in FedEx Cup as judge sides with PGA Tour on ban Westwood has been one of the more candid LIV members, openly admitting he joined with his age and financial situation in mind. But Greg Norman's claim his venture will 'grow the game' has long been ridiculed by those in opposition to the tour. On Thursday, Woods, who himself turned down an offer in the region of £600 million from Norman, and McIlroy were both issued subpoenas to appear in court following crisis talks among PGA Tour players. The circuit's chief Jay Monahan will also give evidence.