Southern Britain will desiccate into the final stretch of summer as downpours swerve the region and head to Scotland and northern England. Parts of the UK, specifically the South and East, have entered their fourth month of below-average rainfall, according to Met Office records.   Meteorologists warn ‘no significant rain’ will arrive until at least the final week of August as hosepipe bans loom in Kent, Sussex, Hampshire, Pembrokeshire and the Isle of Wight. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “There is nothing in the forecast through the next fortnight to break the drought in parts of the country. “High pressure will move across the UK through the coming days to bring more hot, dry weather especially to southern Britain, although even further north it will be warmer than average. “High pressure, which will drag in the hottest air from the Continent, will be the driver for the heat in the same way as we saw last month, and it will also drive dry conditions. “It is always uncertain how long high pressure like this will hold out, but it looks like the drought in the south will extend beyond mid-month.” August marks the fourth month that parts of Britain have seen little to no rain, according to government rainfall logs.  Unusually dry weather set in across southern and eastern Britain and Wales during May when the Met Office reported below-average rainfall. While totals across western Britain in June were slightly higher than average, once again eastern regions were drier than normal seeing just 76 per cent of the normal precipitation. In July, north-west Scotland was wetter compared to other years, while the dry weather tightened its grip in the south-east yielding just a quarter of the expected rainfall–overall, the UK saw just 56 per cent of the expected average. Met Office data also reveal that swathes of southern and eastern Britain have seen the driest July on record. Government forecasters warn of ‘little meaningful’ wet weather as Britain heads into another heatwave with only sustained rainfall able to replenish reserves.  Met Office chief forecaster Steve Willington said: “As the high pressure builds there is very little meaningful rain in the forecast, especially in those areas in the south of England, which experienced very dry conditions last month. “Elsewhere in the UK, such as in northern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, rain-bearing weather fronts will make limited headway against the high pressure, bringing some rain to north-western parts of the UK.” With temperatures forecast to rocket into the mid-30Cs by the middle of the week, Britain is back on heatwave alert, he warned.He said: “We could see parts of the UK entering heatwave conditions if the above-average temperatures last for three days or more. “Many areas of the UK, especially the south will witness temperatures several degrees higher than average, but these values are likely to be well below the record-breaking temperatures  we saw in mid-July.”  Met Office Meteorologist Alex Deakin added: “High pressure is set to build its way in across the UK. “There is not a lot to shift that high pressure, the jet stream will stay to the north of the UK, and it will push low pressure systems up to the north allowing high pressure to dominate into next week and we are not going to see much rainfall at all.” Saharan conditions cranked up to a new level last month which after recording the UK’s hottest ever temperature delivered just 35 per cent of the average rainfall in England, with Wales getting 53 per cent, Northern Ireland 51 per cent and Scotland 81 per cent. Provisional Met Office data reveals southern England has had its driest July on record, while overall the country has seen its driest period since 1935. January to July has also been the second warmest seven-month period on record, the Met Office said. 