Fortunately, there are several ways that people can change how they use their appliances and invest in more efficient devices can save hundreds of pounds a year. Ava Kelly, from utilities price comparison retailer Energy Helpline, spoke to Express.co.uk about some simple ways to reduce a household’s costs. She said: "There are many steps people can take to reduce their energy bills, and make much needed savings in their household. “The first step is to know and understand your appliances. “A very simple and effective way of controlling your energy usage is to look at and understand your white goods energy ratings. “Especially your fridge, freezer, dishwasher and washing machine.” READ MORE: NatWest scam alert: Fraudsters pretend to be from bank or HMRC She said that buying a new device with the most energy efficient label can save a household up to £145 a year. Another way to slash energy bills is to use appliances during off-peak hours. Ms Kelly said: “Large appliances such as your dishwasher, tumble dryer or washing machine are best run during off-peak hours as they use between 400 to 1300 kwh. “Washing machines alone account for 16 percent of total energy bills for the average home, with the average washing cycle costing around 35p for two hours.” DON'T MISSState pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING] The energy savings expert gave some top tips that together could save a household up to £836 a year on their bills. These included turning off appliances rather than leaving them on standby, saving up to £40. She also recommended a Nest Thermostat, a smart thermostat which allows consumers to remotely control the temperature. The smart device can cut average energy bills by £187, according to Ofgem. Renewing home insulation could save a home up to £395 a year while draught proofing could provide savings of £40 a year. Reducing a shower to four minutes can also add some more savings, up to £65 a year. READ MORE: 30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August Only running the washing machine once a week at 30 degrees can save a household up to £28 a year. The average household, of 2.3 people, runs 270 loads of washing a year, at an average of 35p a load, costing £94.50 a year. One way to reduce this bill is to delay washes to off-peak times, using the scheduling system that most devices will have. Ms Kelly said: “By scheduling washes for off peak hours, you could save 17p for every load of washing as off peak rates can be half the cost of peak rates. “If you did this for every load, you could save up to £48.60 per year. “Secondly, wash your clothes on your machines ‘eco’ setting. “This can reduce water usage by between 20 to 40 percent, which will make you further savings of between £18.90 and £37.80 a year.” There is other tech that consumers can get installed at to help minimise their bills. Ms Kelly said: “Technology such as smart meters help people become more aware of what energy they're using, while LED light bulbs and effective home insulation are low-cost easy methods to further help reduce waste and lower bills. “Some people may choose to invest further in energy saving improvements to their home, such as solar panels, and air source heat pumps. “Each of these methods will improve the energy efficiency in your home and see a reduction in bills."