Chelsea have been linked with Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong as Thomas Tuchel scrambles to improve his squad ahead of Saturday’s Premier League clash with Everton. Reports in the Spanish press claim that the Blues are preparing an offer for the Manchester United transfer target. Here is how Chelsea could line-up on the opening day of the season if De Jong and two other Chelsea targets sign. Goalkeeper: Edouard Mendy Edouard Mendy has become the undisputed No 1 at Chelsea over the last few years. The Senegalese shot-stopper missed only four Premier League games last season. Kepa Arrizabalaga could leave the club this summer, with Napoli apparently interested in the Spaniard. Mendy should be ready for fresh competition should Kepa depart and a new No 2 arrive. JUST IN: Leicester star set for 'medical tomorrow' as transfer deal gets close Back three: Reece James, WESLEY FOFANA, Kalidou Koulibaly Chelsea have moved on from their failed pursuit of Jules Kounde by targeting Leicester defender Wesley Fofana. The Foxes are intent on keeping the France U21 international but Chelsea are set to test their resolve. Fofana emerged as one of Europe’s top young centre-backs prior to cruelly suffering a broken leg 12 months ago. The 21-year-old returned to full fitness in March, signing a fresh five-year contract. If Chelsea speed up discussions and get Fofana in before the weekend, he could line up alongside fellow new signing Kalidou Koulibaly. Reece James has played on the right of a back three before. DON'T MISS...Man Utd view on Chelsea's Frenkie de Jong interest emergesChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram postMan City may get Chelsea revenge as 'transfer discussed' for target Wing-backs: DENZEL DUMFRIES and Ben Chilwell And James could slide across from right wing-back because Chelsea have been linked with Dutchman Denzel Dumfries. Gazzetta dello Sport report that Inter Milan are asking for £41m from the Blues. The 26-year-old would be a major defensive reinforcement for the Stamford Bridge outfit. He could play on the opposing side to a fully fit Ben Chilwell, who will be looking to start where he left off prior to his ACL injury. Midfielders: N’Golo Kante and FRENKIE DE JONG Chelsea have been linked with a remarkable hijack attempt of Manchester United’s pursuit of De Jong. The Red Devils have tried to sign the midfielder all summer but have hit several obstacles. Wide-ranging reports from the Spanish media suggest that Chelsea are poised to put in an offer to Barcelona for De Jong. Meanwhile, the player is apparently far keener to move to Stamford Bridge than he is to Old Trafford. N’Golo Kante, Jorginho and Mateo Kovacic will battle it out for the midfield spot next to De Jong if Tuchel continues with his 3-4-3 formation. Attackers: Mason Mount, Kai Havertz, Raheem Sterling Tuchel has sent Romelu Lukaku back to Inter but is yet to bring in a new centre forward. He could instead use Kai Havertz as his No 9, having deployed the German in the role for much of last season. Raheem Sterling will hope to get off to a good start and with Chelsea lacking a goalscoring striker, the England forward will be responsible for delivering goals. Mason Mount will start the campaign ahead of Christian Pulisic.