The second series of All Creatures Great and Small was both heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time with viewers in tears over James Herriot’ (played by Nicholas Ralph) phone call to his parents. Despite feeling at home in the Yorkshire Dales, the village veterinarian promised to visit his parents in Glasgow soon. Reflecting on the series, Channel 5 actor Nicholas paid a touching tribute to his "wonderful" co-stars.  Although James’ wasn’t able to see his family during the Christmas special, he stuck to tradition and carved a Cailleach into a piece of wood which is then burned for luck. Touching on the emotional scenes, the actor revealed that when he first read the script, he instantly loved it. The 32-year-old spoke about the scenes that were filmed and paid tribute to the cast and crew of the Channel 5 show. “We’re on this lovely set, with wonderful supportive people,” he said on the Masterpiece Studio podcast.    Nicholas admitted that he enjoys the challenge of having to act a little emotional in certain scenes where James has to be vulnerable. Complementing the lead writer of the show, he added: “He gives you these opportunities and you just want to grab it with both hands and really find the truth of it. “Hopefully people watch it and feel something from it and recognise it. “If that happens then it’s wonderful.”   Speaking more about James’ emotional phone call at the end of series two, the actor touched on his own personal family life. He said: “I was very lucky and very fortunate in that they (his parents) supported me when I decided I wanted to pursue acting. “They set me up for life in a great way. “There were sentiments there I could latch onto and use or certainly explore when working on this scene.”   Although tears of sadness may have been shed for James, there were also tears of joy after he finally proposed to Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton). Throughout the series, the couple’s relationship unfolded after Helen left Hugh Hulton (Matthew Lewis) at the altar. The village vet finally revealed his feelings for Helen and James decided to stay in Darrowby after turning down a prestigious role in Glasgow. With the couple falling further for one another, he plucked up the courage to propose and fans were overjoyed when she said yes.     Actress Rachel Shenton shared her hopes for Helen and James in the upcoming series as she teases it’s a completely new chapter. Speaking in a Masterpiece interview, the star said: “We know she’ll be making a life with James. “She'll be moving from Heston Grange where she’s lived all her life to Skeldale, it’s huge!” All Creatures Great and Small season 3 will air later in 2022. 