The Duchess of Sussex’s birthday is on the same day as the Queen’s late mother, the Queen Mother, who was born on August 4 in 1900. Meghan turned 41 on Thursday and several members of the Firm sent her birthday wishes.  But it may have been a sad one for the Queen, who lost her mother more than two decades ago. Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother, the widow of King George VI, died at the age of 101 on March 30, 2002 in her daughter's Golden Jubilee year. She was later buried at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle alongside her husband George VI and their daughter Princess Margaret.  The Queen Mother rebuilt the monarchy from the ruins of the abdication and became the cornerstone of the House of Windsor. Following the death of her husband, the Queen Mother maintained her public duties in the UK and overseas for 50 years, including over 40 official visits abroad and acting as royal patron or President of some 350 organisations. She continued carrying out her royal engagements up until just four months before her death.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'wants answers' after Harry faced 'difficult' event Her final public outing was the recommissioning of the aircraft carrier, Ark Royal, at a ceremony in Portsmouth, Hampshire. The Queen is known to have been very close to her mother and sister. Following the untimely death of King George VI in February 1952, the new monarch is believed to have further tightened her bond with her mother.  DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry snubbed at Commonwealth event as Duke 'fought tears' [INSIGHT]Queen Mother gave security the slip and went to the pub [INFO]Queen tipped for BAFTA after Paddington sketch [REVEALED] Notably, mother and daughter shared a deep love for horses and horse racing. The sovereign is also believed to have often sought the advice of the Queen Mother, deemed a close confidante just like her husband Prince Philip. The Queen Mother was also very close to Prince Charles, who penned a heartfelt tribute following her death.  He said: "I know too what she meant to my whole family, particularly the Queen, to whom she was such a stalwart and sensitive support when my grandfather died, when he was only two-and-a-half years older than I am now. "For me, she meant everything and I had dreaded, dreaded this moment along with, I know, countless others.  "Somehow, I never thought it would come. "She seemed gloriously unstoppable and, since I was a child, I adored her."