MasterChef will be returning to our screens this summer, with the celebrity version of the show getting underway on Wednesday August 10. An episode will be aired every Wednesday, Thursday and Friday for the following six weeks. As Gregg gets ready for another season of MasterChef, Express.co.uk has taken a look at his connections to Kent - the place he calls home. Biddenden in Kent specifically is where Gregg calls home - and what a home it is. It is a typical English Village, set in the picturesque countryside borough of Ashford in Kent, in the Southeast of England. He was previously based in Whitstable, but 2017 saw him splash the cash on a £1m farmhouse near Ashford, an idyllic countryside retreat in the heart of Kent. Four-times married Gregg bought Priory Wood Farmhouse, just outside the village of Biddenden, near Ashford where he now lives with his wife Anne-Marie, and their son Sid. The pair married in August 2016 and MasterChef co-host John Torode served as best man at the wedding at Hever Castle. READ MORE: Inside the gorgeous country home of Amanda Owen Gregg and Anne-Marie welcomed their son, Sid Massimo Wallace, in May 2019. Their current property is huge - fit with five bedrooms - including a master bedroom suite, three reception rooms and a stunning kitchen breakfast room - which shouldn't be a surprise for a man who's made a living selling and judging food. It's situated in a whopping five acres of land, and even has its own stables and a pond. What's more, it's just a few minutes down the road from one of Kent's best rated restaurants - the Michelin-star rated West House, owned by chef Graham Garrett. Needless to say, it’s a far cry from Gregg's humble beginnings as a vegetable seller at a market stall in Covent Garden. DON'T MISS: Dame Judi Dench home: James Bond star’s quiet life in small village [INSIGHT]‘Always’ follow ‘25% rule’ when harvesting lettuce for healthy growth [EXPERT]Avoid using 69p shower essential to clean your mattress - ‘damaging!’ [TIPS] He later found George Allan’s Greengrocers in 1989, and built up the business until it eventually landed a turnover high of £7.5million. For those craving a sneak peek inside the life of Gregg Wallace, he luckily doesn’t shy away from sharing photos online, to his audience of 163,000 Instagram followers. In many of his posts his dogs are a common feature - but they just add to what a fantastic home Gregg's pad seems to be. Gregg’s living room is very light and spacious boasting a neutral colour scheme. The floor is covered in a cream coloured carpet with a large patterned rug where his dogs and son appear to enjoy sitting. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning: 5 areas to clean - from sinks to showers Above the rug sits his coffee table and two comfy-looking chairs that fit with the aesthetic of the room. Throughout the home, the pair have followed a theme of yellow painted walls and white wooden panelling. Moving to the kitchen, it is clear to see that Gregg's got a palate for interior design - not just top-notch cooking. The kitchen follows a black and white colour scheme with a few quirky accent pieces such as the kitchen roll holder and the small piece of art beside the cooker. The ceiling is fitted with downlights to add to what is an already light and open space. The room also houses a wooden island in the centre of the kitchen which compliments the minimalist decor scheme. Gregg’s home boasts a huge back garden, with a long lawn and patio area with a fountain. It's hard not to be jealous of the patio and back garden, too - which looks like a perfect place to relax on a summer evening. The TV presenter shared a look at the view from upstairs over his sunny garden in June, showing there’s not another house in sight. The garden has separate paved and gravel areas, with a large wooden shed and sprawling lawns.