Nick Knowles, 59, was sitting in his parked car when a woman reversed into it, leading to a heated exchange of words. The Who Dares Wins star indignantly recalled the incident to more than 170,000 Twitter followers, after having his parking skills bashed. "Just had the weirdest situation," he wrote, explaining that someone had "reversed into my parked car in a car park". "I got out and there was no significant damage so I said 'You just hit my car - no damage done but you should be a little more careful'." The woman's response saw the DIY SOS star use the tears of laughter emoji. “'I’ve got sensors - YOU should learn how to park,' she says!" Nick exclaimed. READ NOW: Sam Gannon dead: Emmerdale star dies suddenly at 31 Followers urged that Nick should have reported the woman under Section 170 of the Road Traffic Act. "If you are a driver involved in a road traffic accident which causes injury to another person or damage to another vehicle then you must stop at the scene of that accident to provide your details," @alanbax wrote. @snowylongfellow empathised with Nick's grievances, writing: "Didn’t you know , nobody is ever in the wrong about anything with this generation - they’ll argue till they’re blue in the face even when 100 percent in the wrong." @Rossco76 had a similar experience, revealing that the person who had caused the damage had also refused to own up. "After months of denying it they claimed I did it to them," he explained. "[Then I] pointed out the damage was at the front of my car and back of theirs, so how could I have reversed into them? Paid quickly after that." @wimbournemason wrote to Nick: "I assume you have cameras fitted? Just send the footage to your local police force and they will [take] action." @AperldoornPilot joked: "It's not the woman who hit a bus stop shelter and complained that it was obscured by people waiting for the bus is it?" DON'T MISS... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [DRAMA] Will Smith exposed for public slap years before Oscars in rare video [UNEARTHED FOOTAGE] Clint Eastwood's frank admission about his eight 'vulnerable' childre [FAMILY] @MissyMazda chimed in: "I watched a woman hit mine in a car park. She was going to park up and walk away. When I confronted her she said 'Did I? I’m sure I only kissed it.' "Must have been a Glasgow kiss as it had to be repaired!" The Nick Knowles Heritage Rescue star has also been tweeting enthusiastically about sport, including cricket and Formula 1 racing this week. He has also been celebrating Britain's record-breaking status in American football. This year marks the first time that the UK has reached the finals of the World Championships, and Nick tweeted that his eyes were on Summer Rivers.  "Come on Summer Rivers and the whole womens @BAFAOfficial team in their history making appearance in the final of the world championships," Nick wrote. "Nothing to lose. Go get ‘em girls. Shake up the Americans - let them know you mean business!" he added. Meanwhile reports have emerged that Nick will be fronting two new shows on Channel 5 soon. It is believed that the theme will be travel.