If you have a recently-released Samsung telly in your living room you might find there are now more things to watch on the big screen for free. The Korean technology company has just announced a new deal that's offering owners of their popular goggleboxes the chance to access the Apple TV+ subscription service without reaching for their credit cards. For those not already aware, this online platform usually costs £4.99 per month but that fee has been put on ice for the first three months when signing in via some Samsung tellies. The blockbuster deal is available to anyone who owns Samsung Smart TV models that were made between 2018 and 2022. If you think you own one of these screens and fancy something extra to watch then it's easy to sign up. All you have to do to redeem this limited-time offer is open the Apple TV app on the Samsung TV home screen and follow the onscreen instructions. Once you're all signed up, you'll then get instant access to exclusive movies and mini-series. Apple TV+ originally launched back in 2019 and has since gone from strength to strength with a number of its original shows winning sought-after awards. In fact, its feature film CODA won the Best Picture award at this year's Oscars whilst comedy series Ted Lasso has picked up numerous Emmy Awards. Along with those hits, users will also find other series such as Severance, Loot, Pachinko, For All Mankind and many more. There's also some sporting action available with Apple TV+ now showing Friday Night Baseball. Speaking about the new offer, Samsung said: "Beginning today through November 28, Samsung Smart TV owners around the world can sign up to enjoy Apple TV+ free for three months. Samsung continues to set the standard for what viewers can expect from a Smart TV experience. With technology that enables immersive sound and image quality, Samsung customers can enjoy a premium Apple TV+ streaming experience." This Apple TV+ deal is available with Samsung TVs on 2018 to 2022 models. It's available now for new subscribers and ends on November 28th, 2022.