Craig Rowe joined the A Place in the Sun team relatively recently and has proven to be a hit with audiences of the Channel 4 staple. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Craig delved into the best part of being on the property show. Reflecting on his experiences so far, he explained why certain moments in the series are important to him and highlighted one particularly emotional moment which came from a recent episode. "I think there's a couple of things," Craig replied when asked about what he likes best about the show. "I mean, firstly, I really like discovering new places. "Most places that we work that we have shot I've been to before, but obviously there are always new areas within that country. "Like, I've spent a lot of time in Italy, but I've not really been up into the mountains where I did a show with this year. READ MORE: Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed "So I love discovering new places. I think my ultimate favourite part is when I actually find a property that house hunters love. "And then they make an offer and then it gets accepted and all comes together. "That is an amazing moment and everybody's really pumped - me, the crew, the house hunters because they've gone on a real journey. "And this is something that you know most people have been thinking about for years. "So then to go on the show and take part in a TV show and then walk away having got their dream holiday home. "That for me is just - I love that," he added. Reflecting on the current series, Crag pinpointed a particular moment as an example of what motivates him to do the job. "The episode going out with Ken and Leslie in Barbados [is one example]. "For the first three properties, they could see why I took them there but it wasn't ringing their bell. DON'T MISS... Josie Gibson tearful after emotional Olivia Newton-John tribute [VIDEO]Ellie Taylor slams Strictly curse as she's 9th celeb confirmed [LATEST]Matt Goss spurns America for UK return 'Don't want to be recluse' [INTERVIEW] "But with the fourth property, there was a moment outside where actually Leslie got quite emotional. "And that was rewarding for me - not because I wanted to see her get emotional! "But because that emotion showed me I'd got something right and actually she really loved it. "Because actually after three properties and none of them being in the running, I was thinking, 'God, am I not getting this? Am I not understanding what they want?' "So actually at the fourth property, when Lesley got emotional, I thought, 'Right okay, no - this is good, I'm heading the right direction.' "Because of course, often when you find somewhere you love, you do get emotional. "It suddenly makes everything real. So that was really rewarding, actually this Barbados episode." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 3pm on Channel 4.