Prince Harry and Meghan Markle now call the US home and they live in a huge mansion in Montecito, California. But much of their first year of marriage was spent at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor and it remains their UK residence. Harry and Meghan are expected to return to the UK in September and they may stay at Frogmore during their visit. Harry and Meghan are expected to visit Manchester for the One Young World Summit, before visiting Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event. The couple will then briefly return to the UK for the WellChild Awards in London. A spokesperson for the Sussexes said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." The Duke and Duchess' last public visit to the UK was for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June, and they appeared at the Service of Thanksgiving held at St Paul's Cathedral. Frogmore Cottage was the backdrop of their daughter Lilibet's first birthday party on June 4, and a sweet photo was shared of the royal tot in the Frogmore Cottage gardens on the day.  READ MORE: Queen set to miss Harry and Meghan's return and STAY in Scotland Frogmore Cottage is located in Home Park in Windsor, an estate near Windsor Castle. Also located in Home Park is Adelaide Cottage, the new rumoured residence of Prince William and Kate Middleton. Frogmore House, a large royal residence used for Harry and Meghan's wedding reception, is also nearby to Frogmore Cottage.   The 18th Century residence now known as Frogmore Cottage was built under the instruction of Queen Charlotte, wife of King George III. Queen Victoria was thought to have commented on how many frogs were present at the cottage, leading to its name being changed from Double Garden Cottage to Frogmore Cottage. Previous residents of the Grade-II listed property included Queen Victoria's assistant Abdul Karim in the late 19th Century and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia in the 1920s.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry may make 'peace offering' to William and Kate [INSIGHT]‘Nothing will be mended’: Harry and William rift amid Sussex return [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry told to 'prove themselves' [LIVE] Harry and Meghan took up residence at Frogmore Cottage shortly before they welcomed their first child Archie, and significant renovations were implemented to bring the residence up to date. After stepping down from their working royal roles in 2020, however, Harry reportedly paid back £2.4million used from the Sovereign Grant to fund the renovations. Frogmore Cottage is a Crown Estate property, and Harry and Meghan are thought to have renewed their lease earlier this year. Harry's cousin Princess Eugenie has lived in the property in recent years with her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August. 