Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) mysterious family history will finally be explored in a brand new Outlander prequel for Starz. The upcoming spin-off will follow the romance of Jamie’s parents Ellen MacKenzie and Brian Fraser, years before the Highland warrior first met his time-travelling love Claire Randall (Caitriona Balfe). Outlander’s prequel series will be titled Blood of My Blood and is now officially in development. The series will focus on the relationship of Jamie’s parents Ellen and Brian, whose casting is yet to be announced. Executive producer and writer of the original series Matthew B Roberts will serve as showrunner. Fellow producer Maril Davis is also on board, as is the series’ original author Diana Gabaldon. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history Developer Ronald Moore will be back to executive produce with Maril, having written several episodes for the original series. Jamie’s father Brian previously appeared in Outlander’s first season, portrayed by actor Andrew Whipp. However, the new spin-off is set to take the historical drama back even further in time to his parents’ younger years. Diana previously revealed her plans to write a book about the Frasers in February this year, which could form the basis of much of the prequel series. In a statement, Starz president Kathryn Busby said: “Outlander is a riveting show that from season to season has captured the hearts of its fans around the world. "We are excited to peel back the layers of this vibrant world to bring our audience the origin of where it all began. “Matthew, Maril, and Ronald will continue to bring their excellent vision and creativity to this new iteration, and we can’t wait to see what happens next.” So far, Jamie’s mother Ellen has only been mentioned in the series, while his father passed away before most of the events of Outlander got underway. DON'T MISS:SEAL Team’s AJ Buckley shares peek at new location [LATEST]Blue Bloods’ Erin star sparks frenzy by confirming huge storyline [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul fans distracted by huge Jesse Pinkman plot hole [REACTION] Further details are being kept under wraps, though Outlander’s popularity could attract some major names to the roles of Ellen and Brian. In the meantime, fans are still waiting for the seventh season of the mainline time-travel drama to hit screens. Production is currently underway in Scotland, with Sam, Caitriona and their co-stars Sophie Skelton, Richard Rankin and John Bell all returning for an extended instalment. Season six, which returned to the family’s home on Fraser’s Ridge, was cut short due to filming restrictions during the pandemic. The eight episodes welcomed some new arrivals who had a devastating impact on the Frasers’ home while the American Revolution came ever closer. Fans will now be rewarded with a bumper 16-episode outing, which will encompass the rest of book six, A Breath of Snow and Ashes, and book seven, An Echo in the Bone. Plus, there is still at least one more book in Diana’s main saga of novels to look forward to following last year’s publication of Go Tell the Bees That I Am Gone. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay via Amazon Prime Video in the USA.