Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur have been sent an auspicious message amid their interest in Inter Milan defender Milan Skriniar. The two Premier League giants are reported suitors of Skriniar, joining Paris Saint-Germain, and will take encouragement from Inter's recent activity in the transfer market. According to Foot Mercato, Nerazzurri chairman Steven Zhang still considers Skriniar a sellable asset to balance the books at the San Siro. And while no club has yet to offer the £59million minimum transfer fee he values the 27-year-old at, he still has a chance of leaving this summer. The report claims Inter's willingness to cash in on Skriniar has prompted them to search the market for potential replacements. Nice's Jean-Clair Todibo features on the 2021 Serie A champions' shortlist alongside Borussia Dortmund's Manuel Akanji, Atalanta's Merih Demiral and Nikola Milenkovic of Fiorentina. Chelsea and Tottenham have also recruited defensive reinforcements this summer as Thomas Tuchel enters his second full season as Blues head coach, while Antonio Conte heads into his first in north London. And Inter's willingness to offload Skriniar could open the door for a stellar Premier League switch in the final month of the window. JUST IN: Arsenal given three reasons to be excited about Pino after £34m bid  But since the pair's interest in the Slovakian was first touted, both have bolstered at the back and may focus on other areas in the weeks leading up to the September 1 deadline. Tottenham have signed Clement Lenglet on a season-long loan on top of wing-backs Djed Spence and Ivan Perisic. Chelsea were looking to add three centre-backs to Tuchel's ranks after Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen's free transfers away. And they have so far welcomed Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella, who can feature on the left of a back three as well as at left-wing-back. READ MORE: Liverpool told to cash in on Firmino and use funds to land Bellingham  However, the Blues had anticipated captain Cesar Azpilicueta departing for Barcelona before Tuchel blocked his move to the Nou Camp. The Spaniard's decision to sign a new two-year deal at Stamford Bridge could mean the German's centre-back shop is complete for this summer, at least. A defender of Skriniar's elite quality remaining available on the transfer market could be too enticing of an opportunity to ignore, though. He could still be on the move before the window slams shut at the start of next week, and Inter's active attempts to seal a replacement will only act as encouragement for Chelsea, PSG, Tottenham and other clubs eyeing his signature.