Season three of All Creatures Great and Small will air in September, and fans are eagerly waiting to find out how Helen Alderson (played by Rachel Shenton) and James Herriot's (Nicholas Ralph) romance will play out. James left Channel 5 fans in floods of tears in the previous series, after he romantically proposed to his love, but will they get married in the upcoming series? In a new interview, the actor who plays the beloved vet addressed his future on the Channel 5 drama. “I'm absolutely buzzing,” Nicholas began before adding: “So, so thrilled that we've been commissioned for another two [series]. “And as you say, as an actor, it’s a fantastic place to be [and] I’ll be certainly moving forward for a little while longer with this character. “It's a brilliant place to be in and I'm just looking forward to…like I said before, it's more of these wonderful challenges." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star The actor continued: “The wonderful operations and procedures that we'll have to do…I'm sure the complexity of those will grow and change, and some more wonderful scenes that are maybe certainly poignant and funny. “That's one of the great things about the show as well, you get to do scenes that are funny.” Recalling the challenges of filming series three, Nicholas added in the Masterpiece Studio podcast: “Sometimes he gets these scenes that are a little bit heartfelt and emotional. “And you get the scenes that are really challenging…you’re in the Dales and it's freezing and you’re lying Superman at the back of a horse.” Despite the cold filming conditions, Nicholas admitted he wouldn't have it any other way as he loves his job. The James Herriot star went on to address what the future holds for his character and Helen. He said: "I think we see them kind of closer than ever and stronger as a couple. "And as you say, moving through some of the practicalities of it and things because they're full of love and it's great but there is then the practical side of it. DON'T MISS...Tony Blackburn speaks out as BBC blasted for ageism [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  [VIDEO]Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation [NEWS] "Where are they going to live and what are their roles going to be?" At the end of season two, James ended up proposing to his love, and fans are hoping the pair will tie the knot very soon. “There might be marriage,” Nicholas teased before adding: “And certainly more of the same…bedding in and grounding in and growing in all those roots…kind of expanding out even further in the Dales with this kind of family that he has. "We'll see as I'm really excited to also find out.”  However, fans shouldn't get too excited about a winter wedding, as Nicholas shut down one storyline with Helen completely. He said: "A lot of people are asking me, and I know social media is screaming out for our Christmas wedding. "Of course, Helen, you know, the previous Christmas just had the wedding that never was." "There would be no way that she would want to be getting married the next Christmas, and that wouldn't be of interest to James either."  All Creatures Great and Small season 3 is set to air in September of this year, while series 1 and 2 can be streamed on My5.