The ‘Freedom Never Gets Old’ initiative is looking to educate people on their eligibility for the “real benefit”. In England, eligibility for the free bus pass is aligned with the state pension age which is 66 years old. Within the next couple of years, the state pension is due to rise to 67 which means older people will have to wait longer for extra benefits. Another rise to the retirement age threshold is expected sometime before 2048 based on the Government’s expectations regarding life expectancy in the UK. It should be noted that these estimates are subject to changes in the wider world so the state pension age may be raised at different dates than expected. As well as this, people should remember access to the free bus pass varies depending on where you live in the UK. For example, residents in Scotland and Wales are able to receive the benefit once they turn 60 as opposed to the state pension age. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Recently, Lincolnshire Council launched the ‘Freedom Never Gets Old’ campaign to encourage its residents who are eligible for a free bus pass to claim it as soon as possible. Specifically, the initiative is looking to convince older people to use their local bus service following the pandemic. It is targeted at anyone who has suffered the longest and most severe restrictions during lockdown. The campaign will be featured at bus stops and shelters, libraries, supermarkets, parish notice boards, community venues and on social media platforms.  Councillor Richard Davies, an executive member for the body’s highways and transport, shared why it is important state pensiones apply for this “real benefit”. Mr Davies said: “Our campaign is rightly putting a lot of effort into engaging with the nearly 250,000 people in Lincolnshire who are either eligible now, or soon will be, for a free bus pass. “I urge everyone who can, to apply for one. Get your free bus pass now or be aware that this is a real benefit for everyone aged 66 and over. "It’s an entirely free way to travel around our county and immediately gives the user a huge scope of places to go and things to do.”  READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments  Outside of the free bus pass, older people in the UK are entitled to other freebie benefits such as free prescriptions. Stephen Lowe, the group communications director at Just Group, noted the significance of the additional benefit is helping people during their retirement. Mr Lowe explained: “The social and cultural reference to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them but their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known. “The state pension alone will not provide a comfortable standard of living so checking your entitlement for other state benefits should be as much a part of planning for retirement as understanding what your private pension and other savings will provide.” Those who are interested in checking their eligibility for the free bus pass should check their local council’s website. Anyone who successfully claims the “real benefit” will likely receive it within ten working days. It should be noted that this may take a bit longer to be completed during peak times in the year. Lincolnshire Council’s ‘Freedom Never Gets Old’ campaign will continue to roll out throughout the month of August.