Max Verstappen has admitted he is “very happy” Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes are back challenging for wins. The Red Bull star said it was “good” Mercedes are back to being competitive as they could steal points away from title rivals Ferrari. Hamilton and George Russell secured their second double podium of the season at the Hungarian Grand Prix, just a week after their first in France. The result meant Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz was only firth with Charles Leclerc down in sixth. Verstappen was able to extend his championship advantage over Leclerc to 80 points while Red Bull moved 97 points clear of the Scuderia. When asked if he should be more worried about Mercedes than Ferrari, the Dutchman claimed he had no fears over the Silver Arrows. He explained: “No, it's good that they are competitive because then they can steal more points off Ferrari. So I'm very happy. They’re doing very well.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton fires warning to Red Bull and Ferrari after Hungary GP After the chequered flag, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff stressed Hamilton could have won the Grand Prix had it not been for a DRS failure on Saturday. The issue prevented Hamilton from challenging for pole position which was eventually stolen by Russell. However, Wolff warns the team are hoping to be in a position to secure victories by the end of the year after making progress this season. Hamilton has now scored six podiums with Russell picking up five despite the team still struggling for pace. He commented: “We have to stay humble and watching race weekend after race weekend so we can try to gain more learnings and experiences to put ourselves in a situation where we can actually fight for wins at the end of the season.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton perplexed as Coulthard spots something after Hungary GP [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton regret shared by Toto Wolff despite finishing second [ANALYSIS]George Russell makes honest admission after first F1 win evades him [COMMENT] But, despite Verstappen’s massive championship advantage, Red Bull team boss Christian Horner is yet to get carried away. He also referenced the threat Mercedes could pose for the rest of the season as they make gains on Red Bull and Ferrari. He added: “There is still a lot of racing to go. Ferrari are quick, Mercedes are coming back into the game. There's still a long, long way to go in this championship, plus a sprint race. “We don't take anything for granted. There's still a lot of racing to do. And they're very different venues.”