Chelsea and Tottenham are reportedly in negotiations for Hakim Ziyech. The Moroccan star has been heavily linked with a move away from west London this summer with AC Milan and a return to Ajax mooted, however, he could now be set to just make the short journey across the capital instead. The move will come as a shock to supporters of both clubs given the fierce rivalry that exists between the two sides. The Moroccan made his first start of the season for the Blues in their 2-1 defeat to Southampton last night but failed to affect the game in any meaningful way. The 29-year-old has not lived up to expectations since arriving in the Premier League, often finding himself on the bench as boss Thomas Tuchel looks to other options. He was expected to return to Ajax as a replacement for Manchester United-bound Antony until this latest development. The transfer has been reported by Spanish site Relevo who say the two clubs are in negotiations for the player. Spurs are seen as the 'trusted' option over the Eredivisie champions with Ziyech on track with the move personally. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd still in De Jong talks, Liverpool £20m bid, Chelsea done deal    Antonio Conte is believed to be keen on bringing one more attacking player to White Hart Lane despite holding one of the most potent attacking trios in the division in Harry Kane, Son Heung-Min and Dejan Kulusevski. The Lilywhites had been said to have held a strong interest in Roma star however this has since cooled, particularly after the Italian dislocated his shoulder, ruling him out for at least three weeks. Ziyech is part of a Chelsea attacking roster that have badly struggled in recent weeks. Raheem Sterling is the only attacking player to have hit the back of the net this season with Kai Havertz and Mason Mount struggling to find any kind of form. Speaking after the defeat at St Mary's, Blues boss Tuchel berated his team's long-term issues in front of goal. "It's the reality," the 49-year-old said when asked if he was frustrated that Sterling was the only one scoring. "It has happened to our offensive players many times. I think in the first 20 minutes we created chances, half chances, but we struggled to score which is also not brand new for us. The consequence is that you end up losing the match." MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Arsenal 'looking at Cody Gakpo transfer' after Man Utd sign AntonyMan Utd exploring seventh signing that gives Ten Hag another reunionChelsea 'make big offer to Frenkie de Jong' as Todd Boehly makes move There is considerable incentive for Ziyech to depart before the window slams shut at Midnight on Thursday. The Blues have been strongly linked with a move for fresh attacking faces with Barcelona star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Crystal Palace talisman Wilfried Zaha appearing to be at the forefront of the club's efforts. The Moroccan could find himself even further down the pecking order as a result with his game time even more limited. It remains to be seen whether the two Premier League rivals will come to some kind of arrangement for the player before close of play on deadline day. Should the move go ahead it would certainly be one of the most fascinating deals completed in the entire transfer window. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 