Tafari Smith, Head of Savings at RCI Bank, shared their top tips with Express.co.uk. Many Britons are struggling to afford a holiday. Many Britons are struggling to afford a holiday. “Shop around for travel insurance and buy it at the point of booking your transport to make sure you’re covered straight away. “Purchasing your flight using a credit card can often make refunds easier if flights are cancelled last minute. “But be sure to pay it off quickly to avoid interest rate charges.” It’s important to arrange travel insurance at the point of booking to cover any mishaps that could happen. READ MORE: Simon Calder shares check-in tip - ‘won’t need to queue “If you’re looking for a hotel it is worth booking directly with the one you have chosen, as they often offer lower rates. “This also means you’ll potentially avoid paying commission on third-party price comparison websites. “If somewhere else does have a lower price, contact the hotel and see if they can match it. “Also, if your trip does get cancelled, some sites like SpareFare or Roomer will give you the option to resell your room and earn some cash back.” Booking direct also means holidaymakers could get breakfast or other extras included for free. “Before you head to the airport, contact your bank or credit card companies to inform them, as any unusual spending abroad may trigger automatic fraud warnings and your transaction could be blocked to keep your cards safe. “Additionally, you should check to see the conversion rate on your credit or debit cards to avoid exorbitant transaction fees. “Always pay in local currency over sterling (if given the option) and don’t withdraw cash from foreign ATM or cash machines to evade conversion rate fees. “Often, these can charge between two to three percent of your withdrawal or initial purchase.” READ MORE: Tourist taxes: The countries Britons have to pay to visit “The trick to eating well on holiday is to eat where the locals do. It’s usually cheaper and tastier than expensive dining spots in the tourist traps. “Do your research and check the local tipping etiquette for restaurants, hotels and cab drivers to avoid over-tipping. “If you’re driving a rental car, always check the local road regulations to prevent small mistakes that may cause hefty fines.” Areas around from the busy tourist attractions will often have cheaper and better restaurants for tourists to enjoy. “To consider options on the cheapest way to use your phone abroad, contact your mobile phone provider, as the rules have recently changed for some providers. “Frequent flyers should invest in an international prepaid travel sim, especially if travelling for a long period, to free themselves from data roaming charges.” Since the UK left the EU, some Britons will now have to pay for roaming while on holiday in Europe. It’s a good idea to check the options with the provider and check that accommodation offers free Wifi.