Andy Murray has assumed a new role after being spotted coaching Thanasi Kokkinakis before the US Open. The world No 75 won the Australian Open doubles title with Nick Kyrgios earlier this year and is now taking tips from a Grand Slam champion in singles ahead of the final Major of the season. Murray is currently in Winston-Salem ahead of the upcoming US Open despite not signing up for the warm-up tournament after losing to compatriot Cameron Norrie at this week’s Cincinnati Masters. And it seems the 2012 champion at Flushing Meadows isn’t just focusing on his own practice sessions, as he was spotted coaching a rival. The world No 47 could be seen demonstrating and explaining a tactic to fellow pro Kokkinakis on one of the practice courts at the site of the ATP 250 event before the pair walked forward to the baseline and the Aussie could be seen copying the Brit’s technique. The pair are both friends with Kyrgios, Kokkinakis’ doubles partner who he won the Australian Open title with back in January, as well as the recent Atlanta Open trophy. While the two Aussies go way back to their junior days together, the 27-year-old has also been open about his friendship with Murray. JUST IN: Rybakina's dad responds to claim Wimbledon champ is 'Russian product'  At Wimbledon this year, Kyrgios said he had some “good chats” with the former world No 1 in the locker room, while the duo also went to the Kings Island theme park in Cincinnati together during the 2018 Western & Southern Open, with the rollercoasters visible from the site of the tournament. While there is still time before the end of Murray’s career, it’s not the first time the three-time Major champion has shown an interest in becoming a coach. The 35-year-old recently admitted he would enjoy coaching compatriot Emma Raducanu when asked about a post-retirement future during the recent tournament in Newport. DON'T MISS Djokovic makes heartbreaking admission about conversation with his dadNadal has extra US Open incentive with chance to break Djokovic recordTsitsipas blocked Medvedev on Instagram after 'bulls*** Russian' fight  "You never know how close you are to the end but I’m aware I’m getting towards the end of my career,” he admitted, before sharing which players he’d be keen to coach. "Female player would be Emma and male players would be between [Carlos] Alcaraz, [Stefanos] Tsitsipas and Jack Draper. "They work hard, they seem like they love the sport. Alcaraz and Tsitsipas haven’t won a slam yet. They’re obviously still very young and I think they have the potential to do it." And it seems the world No 47 can add Kokkinakis to the list after helping him out in New York. Murray will now likely be hoping to avoid the 26-year-old in the US Open draw after sharing his tactics. 