The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have come under increasing pressure to remain “relevant” within the royal sphere and the couple are set to launch a series of hig-publicity projects over the coming months. Meghan Markle launched her latest contribution last week with the premier of her new podcast series Archetypes. Additionally, Prince Harry is set to release a tell-all memoir this autumn, threatening to fuel further tensions within the Royal Family. The Daily Mail’s editor at large Richard Kay suggested the stream of project launches from the Sussexes comes as part of a desperate bid to remain “relevant” as the couple compete with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge for public attention.     Speaking on the Daily Mail’s Palace Confidential, host Jo Elvin said: “In general, the royals need to maintain a broad appeal, is this a reminder that Harry and Meghan need to really bring in the numbers?” Mr Kay replied: “Well it may well be for Spotify and their other digital investors who want to get their money's worth for all the bucks they’ve given them. “Harry and Meghan clearly feel they have to make these contributions from the other side of America to feel relevant, to be relevant perhaps. “They are competing with the usually footsure Cambridges who seem to go deftly about their royal routine without causing offence or making it all about them.”     Mr Kay added: “Harry and Meghan seem to think the only way to avoid being crowded out is to make it just about them.” Meghan released the debut episode of her podcast series Archetypes on Tuesday, featuring tennis star Serena Williams as her first guest. Despite the project being focused on the Duchess, Prince Harry made a brief appearance to chat with Ms Williams, who is reportedly a close friend of the couple. Meghan went on to give an exclusive interview to Cut Magazine where she further promoted the podcast as a way to use her “voice,” hinting that she had not been able to speak so freely during her time within the working Royal Family. Read more: Meghan in podcast exile as famous faces not 'queueing up to be on it'  Prince Harry has snatched some public focus away from the core Royal Family as many royal fans eagerly await the release of his highly anticipated memoir. The book, scheduled for release this autumn, has loomed over the Royal Family since its announcement last year as Prince Harry has hinted at exposing further royal revelations to readers. The Duke of Sussex said: “I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful.” Mr Kay suggested the constant release of new projects had worked to keep Prince Harry and Meghan in the public eye since their step back from royal duties in 2020. Don't miss:Meghan Markle drops new 'top-secret' bombshell on royal fans [REVEAL]Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REPORT]Give poor Harry and Meghan a break and let them live their lives WHALE [COMMENT]  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have drawn their own media attention as the couple confirmed they plan to relocate to Adelaide Cottage on the Windsor estate. Prince William and Kate are set to move with their three young children, George, Charlotte and Louis, who will enrol in a new school in nearby Ascot. Their new home will place them a mere ten minute talk from Windsor Castle, positioning the Cambridges far closer to the Queen than their Kensington Palace home had allowed. The couple have faced some criticism for announcing the move amid the cost of living crisis just after over £4 million was spent refurbishing their London home. Read next:Prince William echoes Princess Diana's 'loyalty to the Queen'Queen health: Monarch 'pretty frail' but vows to keep on workingMeghan Markle's royal break sparks 'lightbulb moment' for radio host Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well'Royal Family Live: Meghan fires fresh dig at monarchy