Norwegian tennis star Casper Ruud went potty after being hit with one of the more obscure code violations likely to be witnessed at the Montreal Open on Thursday. The 23-year-old surged from behind to beat Roberto Bautista Agut 6-7(4), 7-6(4), 6-4, but victory came at a cost after he didn't use a toilet break correctly. ATP rules state players are limited to one three-minute bathroom break per match and can take an additional two-minute break to change if required. But a change of attire 'may only be done in conjunction with a toilet break (unless authorised by the Chair Umpire).' However, umpire Fergus Murphy was quick to enforce the measure that the toilet must actually be used in order for it to count as a bathroom break. Ruud skipped the loo as he only needed to swap his clothes but became incensed when Murphy informed him of his rule break once he returned to the court. "You have to go to the bathroom as well. That's the rule," replied Murphy when Ruud asked why he was being given a code violation. "If I need to change my underwear what do I do," asked the French Open finalist. "Do it on the court?" READ MORE Rafael Nadal makes sudden announcement in huge US Open hint after injury withdrawal  /latest/us-open Irish judge Murphy responded: "The rule is covered by the bathroom break rule. You can change your clothes but you have to go to the bathroom when you say you're going to the bathroom." According to Ruud, he always made it clear he was using the break to change his clothes, including “my socks, my underwear, my shorts, my t-shirt.” The Oslo-born star appeared to suggest he'd just go into the toilet in future simply to avoid future punishment. "You have to go to the bathroom, that’s your business," replied Murphy. "But when you don’t go I have to give you a warning for not going, that’s why I’m explaining it.” DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu urged to accept John McEnroe request despite Wimbledon criticism Novak Djokovic backed over Rafael Nadal as Serb seeks US Open permission from Joe Biden Serena Williams breaks down in tears with emotional goodbye after final Toronto match    Ruud is expecting a fine of '$3,000 (£2,500) or something' for the toilet break violation. However, the matter is complicated by the fact he was served an 'unsportsmanlike conduct' violation for his outburst against Murphy. The ATP will ultimately decide the severity of the incident and how to punish Ruud, though unsportsmanlike conduct offences can carry a fine of up to $20,000 (£16,400). Fans expressed confusion at the situation on social media, with one Twitter user suggesting the incident "shows why the ATP rankings are a mess right now as they come up with ridiculous rules like this." World No. 4 will face No. 6 Felix Auger-Aliassime in the quarter-finals of the Canadian competition on Friday. The winner of that duel will advance to face either Nick Kyrgios or No. 8 Hubert Hurkacz as preparations for the U.S. Open continue.