Robert Patrick will go down in Hollywood history as one of the greatest cinematic villains. His portrayal of the T-1000 in Terminator 2: Judgment Day made him an instant favourite among critics. Unless you've been cryogenically frozen for decades, you'll be familiar with the character. The liquid-metal robot could take a bullet to the body and scarcely register it. However, unlike his character, Patrick is human and he has been painfully reminded of this fact over the years In an 2017 interview, the actor spoke about the ways his body was giving him grief. “I’m developing more injuries as time goes by,” said Patrick, in an interview with the Los Angeles Times. He singled out one particular sore spot: the bursa in his right hip. "Every time I was jogging it flared up.” READ MORE: Princess Beatrice: The childhood condition the royal describes as 'magical' – dyslexia A bursa is a tiny, slippery sac of fluid that provides a cushion and reduces friction between the surfaces of a bone and soft tissue. A cortisone shot and stretching regimen under the guidance of an orthopedist helped, but the actor's traded jogging for fast walking on a treadmill, set at an incline. “I walk about as fast as I used to jog anyway,” he said. According to the NHS, hip pain is common, especially as you get older. DON'T MISSPopular drink linked to a range of chronic diseases - 'Toxic' [ADVICE]High cholesterol: Signs on your face of early death [INSIGHT]Bowel cancer: Nation's favourite ingredient may hike risk [TIPS] There are things you can do to ease the pain, but get medical help if your hip is very painful or the pain does not get better. There are many causes of hip pain and you must establish the cause of yours to tailor the most effective treatment. As the NHS notes, it might be caused by a sudden injury or a longer-lasting problem such as arthritis. "Your symptoms might give you an idea what could be causing the pain. But do not self-diagnose, see a GP if you're worried," notes the health body. READ MORE: Alastair Stewart health: GB News host suffered common 'utterly horrific' injury For example, a hot, swollen hip and a high temperature or feeling hot and shivery can signal a hip infection, it notes. Although there are simple ways to ease hip pain, you may require more specialist interventions depending on what's causing it. If your hip is damaged or has been worn away, you may require hip replacement surgery, says Bupa. This is a procedure to replace your hip joint with artificial parts when it’s been damaged or worn away. It helps to reduce pain and improve movement. If your hip pain is minor, simple lifestyle tweaks may do the trick. "Avoid repeated bending at the hip and direct pressure on the hip," advises the Mayo Clinic. The health body also says to avoid sleeping on the affected side and prolonged sitting. It also advises: