Rebekah Vardy, 40, has spoken in a candid interview about the aftermath of the Wagatha Christie trial, in which she suffered a crushing legal defeat. She discussed exactly how she would react if she saw fellow WAG Coleen on the street. A judge delivered the final verdict on the case last week.  It gave Wayne Rooney's other half Coleen vindication over Jamie Vardy’s wife, who had sued her for libel after accusing her of being behind leaked stories to the press.  Mrs Justice Steyn ruled in Coleen’s favour on Friday.  The ruling declared that Coleen’s Instagram post from October 2019, which made the initial accusation, was “substantially true.” READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury  Despite this, Rebekah maintains she was not responsible for the leak.  Furthermore, the incident has been severely damaging to the WAG’s financial and public standing, but she has nevertheless revealed she won’t hold anything against Coleen for the accusations.  "If I saw her in the street tomorrow, I’d ask her if she wanted to go for a Caffe Nero," the star said of her fellow WAG when speaking to The Sun.  "Life is too short to be resentful and hold grudges and be bitter towards someone. “That is not me. I am not that person."  It comes after Rebekah explained she believes herself to be suffering from post traumatic stress disorder after losing the legal battle.  She added she had been taken to hospital twice since the whole debacle began.  Rebekah explained she felt as if her life was “falling apart” and she was “physically, emotionally and mentally exhausted". READ MORE... Lineker forced to delete tweet about England women following backlash [NEWS] Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win [LATEST] 'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro [UPDATE]   “I was having serious panic attacks,” she said, speaking to The Sun.  “I had kidney stones which were brought on by stress, and I just felt like my life was falling apart.  “Physically, emotionally and mentally, it was exhausting.”  She added: “It was draining. I had to go to hospital a couple of times because they were really worried about my mental wellbeing.” The star went on to say she was “probably suffering from PTSD".  The former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! contestant added that talking about the trial makes her feel “physically sick” and it gives her “nightmares”.  Rebekah concluded by explaining she has had a “horrible time” and that she needs more therapy.