Like many health conditions, it is known that diet can both help and worsen symptoms. For instance, plenty of foods rich in omega-3 have been shown to reduce the swelling that comes with arthritis. However, there is one surprising drink that could also help. According to Doctor Monika Wassermann, medical director at oliolusso.com, drinking red wine “in moderation” could be beneficial for arthritis sufferers. Speaking with Express.co.uk, she said: “Red wine is home to resveratrol, which has anti-inflammatory properties. “To get the most out of red wine, drink it in moderation.” This was backed by the Arthritis Foundation.  READ MORE: Covid: Tim Spector shares the 'latest' Omicron BA.5 symptoms - they ‘seem to have changed' It explains: “Red wine has a compound in it called resveratrol, which has well-established anti-inflammatory effects. “Some studies show wine consumption is associated with a reduced risk of knee osteoarthritis, and moderate drinking is also associated with a reduced risk of rheumatoid arthritis.” However, it warns against drinking the beverage in excess. “But many experts question the strength of these studies and argue it’s hard to distinguish confounding factors in this research,” it says.   “Overall, experts agree there aren’t enough health benefits in alcohol to start drinking if you don’t already do it." “But if you do enjoy an occasional adult beverage, drink it in moderation, said Beth McDonald, a nutritionist at the department of integrative medicine at Mount Sinai Beth Israel Hospital in New York City. “The general recommendation is one drink a day (of alcohol) for women, two for men. “Any more than that squanders any benefit and can actually promote inflammation," she said.  READ MORE: Eyesight warning: Sweet treat loved by the nation can prove 'devastating' for your vision Osteoarthritis is the most common type of arthritis in the UK, affecting nearly nine million people. Initially it compromises the smooth cartilage lining of the joint, making movement more difficult and leading to pain and stiffness. It mainly affects joints in the hands, knees, spine and hips.  The second most common type of arthritis is rheumatoid arthritis, which is when the body's immune system targets affected joints, causing pain and swelling. Symptoms of arthritis will depend on what type you have, but can include: 