Russian TV pundit Igor Korotchenko bemoaned the inability of Russians to travel freely as western sanctions in response to the invasion of Ukraine hit home. In a hyperbolic comparison to the Holocaust, Korotchenko told Russian state-owned TV the travel sanctions were only missing "yellow stars," sparking a furious backlash online. Korotchenko told Russia1: "Today, we are pariahs, just missing the yellow stars. "Based on the ongoing filtration as to who gets admitted and who doesn't get to visit certain objects in Europe, Russians don't get admitted. "The process is rapidly advancing. Disgustingly European politicians are begging to take part in it. "Even some restrictive measures get adopted." JUST IN: ‘Norway first!’ Panic as UK's BIGGEST importer of gas poised to cut supplies off The show's 'economic observer' Tatiana Remezova added: "Even if some restrictive measures get adopted on the level of the European Union, the majority of Russian won't even notice. "As demonstrated by a recent poll by the Public Opinion Foundation 69 percent of Russians have never travelled abroad." Korotchenko's outburst was posted on Twitter by Julia, Davis, the creator of the Russian Media Monitor, and bombarded with angry comments. @Karanbennemsi replied with: "Comparing Russians who can't travel to certain countries with the Jews in the 3rd Reich is disgusting." @trucheman wrote: "The audacity to compare themselves to Jews in ww2. I can't" The town Ukraine says Russia targeted - Marhanets - is one Moscow says its foes have used in the past to shell Russian soldiers at the Zaporizhzhia plant, which they seized in March. President Volodymyr Zelensky on Wednesday said Ukrainian forces would respond to the shelling of Marhanets. Ukraine's military said Russia also bombarded several other areas in the Zaporizhzhia region including the coal-mining town of Vuhledar. The mayor of Nikopol, a Ukrainian-held town near Marhanets across the Dnipro River from the nuclear plant, said on Telegram that Russian shelling had hit a community nearby almost nightly for the past week. Calling on foreign allies to send more powerful weapons, Zelensky said in a late-night video address that Kyiv "will not leave today's Russian shelling of the Dnipropetrovsk region unanswered." 