Manchester United are continuing to work on a deal for Benjamin Sesko but their interest in the red-hot Slovenian is not related to their pursuit of seasoned-veteran Marko Arnautovic, reports claim. The Red Devils were handed a timely reminder that they have plenty of work to do in the transfer market on Sunday when Brighton rocked up to Old Trafford and left with all three points following a well-deserved 2-1 victory. United started the match without a recognised No 9 after Cristiano Ronaldo was left on the bench due to his lack of involvement in the club's pre-season friendlies. Anthony Martial was also missing through injury and in the build-up to kick-off, reports detailed that United had made a shock, left-field swoop for former West Ham and Stoke frontman Arnautovic. The Red Devils have tabled an opening offer of £7.2million that has already been rejected by Bologna as United up the ante in their attempts to bring in some extra firepower in attack But it's not the only striker deal the club are working on with Goal reporting that United retain an interest in teenage sensation Sesko, who is a player they still want to sign this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer Football director John Murtough has held multiple meetings with Sesko's agent Elvis Basanovic as they look to strike a deal. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has also met with the representative to discuss a potential swoop though, while RB Leipzig recently met with Basanovic in midweek. A whole host of other sides including Newcastle, AC Milan and Borussia Dortmund are also believed to be in contention for the 19-year-old. Salzburg really do not want to lose the forward this summer though with the Austrian Bundesliga season already underway. READ MOREFrenkie de Jong 'handed Barcelona pay-cut ultimatum' over mega-money £72m Man Utd transferMan Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transferMan Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer  The club have slapped an eye-watering £55m price tag on the striker's head in a bid to scare off potential suitors. United view Sesko as a player for the future while also acknowledging that he's a talent that would immediately improve their current options. His performances are now being watched closely by a host of Europe's elite clubs Tweeting from their official club account, Salzburg jokingly labelled their excessive demands for their most-prized asset. "We want 300 million plus Bruno [Fernandes]," Salzburg wrote before adding the following day: "Update: We now want one billion, Bruno and Fred the Red for Sesko." Speaking after the 2-1 defeat to Brighton, United legend Gary Neville questioned why the board had not provided Ten Hag with more signings prior to the first game of the season. He told Sky Sports presenter Dave Jones: "I think it will have been a shock to him. Obviously, they had a promising pre-season but I think if anybody watched those players that he's been handed as his squad through the last year or so, will recognise that's a familiar performance. "The people above him should have known that, that was an unacceptable situation to hand Erik ten Hag at the start of the season. "It needed improving, obviously there are two or three weeks left of the transfer window but he needed three or four weeks to be able to work with them. "There's an element of every new coach who comes in thinks they can do better than the last coach but the reality is that he's seen what those players are today."