When people think about tiles, most people visualise bathrooms or kitchens. However, tiles can actually make beautiful features throughout the home. Tiles can be used to create a beautiful feature around a fireplace or the highlight a window, for example. Escape to the Chateau’s Angel Adoree claimed tiles can be used either to create “small details” or “key feature walls”. In a video for Homebase, Dick Strawbridge with the help of his wife Angel shared how to create a “stunning” feature using tiles around one of the large windows in their chateau. Angel said tiling this area of their chateau has made a space that was a “little unloved” into something “frankly stunning”. Dick ensured the wall was prepped by sanding it down and scraping it so the tile adhesive had something to hold on to. The Escape to the Chateau star planned on making the tiles “uniform” in the gap he had chosen. READ MORE: Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ The first thing fellow DIYers need to do is “find a middle”. Dick measured the width of the gap where the tiles were going to be placed and then put a pencil mark where the middle was. He then drew a vertical line down the middle of the gap. He added: “I’ve got two millimetre tile spacers - that's a very small, tight gap because it's all about the pattern, it's not about the spaces between them.” Angel said the “key” to any good feature wall is the “choice of design”.  DON'T MISSLawn care: Grass is 'struggling to survive' due to mowing mistake [INSIGHT]Plants which need a ‘tiny amount of water’ to grow in your garden [UPDATE]Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 [ANALYSIS] The DIY star said she is “complete in live” with the tiles she’s chosen. She chose pale pink tiles with a dark pink diagonal section across them. The pattern is simple but can be used to create a variety of different patterns. Dick added the tile adhesive to the wall himself. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He used a notched tile adhesive applicator which has both a smooth side and a toothed side. The smooth side is used to apply the adhesive and the notched side is used to make grooves so when he presses the tile against the adhesive, it gives it something to hold onto against the wall. Dick scraped the lines on vertically and then pressed the first tile against the wall with spacers at the bottom. Once the tiles were comfortably on the wall, he removed the spacers. The spacers are put in place to mark where the grout is going to be applied.  Dick used the tile adhesive applicator to apply grout into the gaps left by the spacers. The application looked messy but Dick said DIYers shouldn’t worry about the finish at this stage. He said: “It's much more about getting it in there because we'll finish it off with a damp sponge and that will allow us to have a smooth grout finish. “There'll be a final buff up at the end when it's all dry but I don't want to leave lots of grout on here.”