Radio host Natasha Devon has suggested that Meghan Markle sparked a fierce backlash after leaving the Royal Family because the Duchess "removed the Disney princess fantasy" that people held. The American-born former Suits actress, now the Duchess of Sussex, left the Firm along with Prince Harry after struggling with royal life. Ms Devon told LBC listeners on Sunday: "I think is difficult to understand the reality of something until you've actually lived it, and it is possible that so many women have this kind of Disneyfied idea of what it is to be a princess. "It's something that many many girls internalise because of Disney more than because of the Royal Family. They internalise it at a really young age that that is the ultimate goal and that if you're a princess, there could be nothing better. "I don't think that just visiting Britain and standing outside Buckingham Palace is enough to fully comprehend the reality of what that role involves, and then to have lived it to have experienced it and to say to the public, actually, it's not as great as you imagine. "That I think is what annoyed everybody because it's not just taking away the fantasy, of Harry and Megan, it's taking away their fantasy." "Yes, I've had a revelation. I've just had a light bulb moment live on air. "But what [Meghan] did was she took away the fantasies of those women who'd internalised the idea that to be a princess was the best thing ever, and then Meghan Markel stood up and said, Actually, you're wrong, and people couldn't deal with that fundamental challenge to their internal belief system." Meghan and Harry moved to the United States two years ago to lead a more independent life away from royal duties. They went on, post-Megxit, to accuse the royal family of racism in a primetime Oprah Winfrey television interview and the institution of not helping Meghan when she had suicidal thoughts.  On the 20th anniversary of Princess Diana's death in 2017, William and Harry were side by side as they viewed tributes left for the princess at her former home, Kensington Palace. They marked the occasion by commissioning a statue in her memory. But in the wake of the Megxit and Oprah controversies, they reunited only briefly in the summer of 2021 to finally unveil the bronze tribute, going their separate ways immediately afterwards. Harry and Meghan are due to visit the UK in September and are expected to stay at Frogmore Cottage on the Windsor estate, just walking distance from the Cambridge family's new home Adelaide Cottage. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle’s new ‘style modes’ - ‘obvious shift' in fashion choices [INSIGHT] Harry warned 'inevitable' detail in new book could prove 'incendiary' [REPORT] William 'unlikely' to see Harry when visiting US [REPORT] The Duke of Sussex said he will "share the spirit" of Diana, Princess of Wales, with his children as he marks the 25th anniversary of her death. Harry said he wishes Archie and Lilibet could have met his late mother who he said "most certainly will never be forgotten". Speaking at a dinner in Aspen, Colorado, for Sentebale - his Africa-based charity supporting youngsters with HIV - Harry said he hopes to do Diana proud every day. The duke said: "My dear friend Prince Seeiso and I founded Sentebale 16 years ago in honour of our mothers, with a mission to support many of the most vulnerable young people on the planet - and to give them care and help them thrive. "In Sesotho, the language of the Basotho - the word Sentebale means 'forget-me-not'. Next week is the 25th anniversary of my mother's death, and she most certainly will never be forgotten." READ NEXT:Meghan 'burns 600 calories' doing yoga - but must now change routinePrince Charles 'so touched' to edit black British newspaper The VoiceHarry has 'royal rubberneckers' on tenterhooks over memoirAnimal rights lawyer baffled for 30 mins into Meghan Markle callGB News sparks backlash as host slams Duke of SussexPrince Harry and Meghan gave ‘hope’ at event they almost cancelled