Barcelona star Memphis Depay is awaiting an ‘official offer’ from Manchester United in order to seal a shock return to Old Trafford, according to reports in Spain. The Netherlands international previously joined the Red Devils back in 2015. However, he failed to make the grade at the club before being offloaded to Lyon by Jose Mourinho. Manchester United want a new forward this summer, having already lost Edinson Cavani. Cristiano Ronaldo could follow him out of the exit door, while Mason Greenwood has been unavailable for selection ever since January. And though Antony is their priority, it’s emerged over the past 24 hours that the Red Devils are interested in a shock deal for Depay as well. Reports on Thursday claimed Depay was open to returning to Manchester, while Erik ten Hag was keen on his fellow Dutchman because he saw him as a ‘market opportunity’. Now, according to Sport, the 28-year-old waiting on an ‘official offer’ from United in order to head back to his old side. Depay, it’s claimed, has received other offers from Premier League teams. Though no names have been mentioned, Tottenham did emerge as potential suitors for the Netherlands international earlier in the window. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal However, with United, he’s already reportedly had a phone call with the club about heading back. And Depay is now waiting on the Red Devils to do their part as they look to bring him in before the transfer window slams shut on September 1. While that’s the case, however, the publication also claims the Barcelona star is open to remaining at the Nou Camp. He signed a two-year contract upon moving from Lyon last summer, with Depay going on to score 13 goals from 38 matches for the Catalan side. Should the Dutchman end up remaining in Catalonia, then Barcelona will reportedly try and renew his contract to avoid him leaving for free next summer. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him But whether that happens remains to be seen, especially with United now keen on bringing their former No 7 bad in. Depay isn’t the only player United are looking to sign as the clock ticks down, either. Antony remains their priority, with the Red Devils confident they’ll be able to land the Brazil international from Ajax. Any deal won’t come cheap, however, with the Eredivisie giants looking for a fee in the region of £84m to do business. A new right-back is being eyed, too, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams free to leave United. And the club want a back-up goalkeeper to challenge David De Gea, who has made serious errors against Brighton and Brentford so far this term. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Regarding Depay, meanwhile, he opened up on his difficult period at United in an interview last year. The forward joined in 2015 dubbed as the next Cristiano Ronaldo, even inserting the Portugal international’s old shirt number. But his period at United lasted just 18 months before he departed to Lyon, with Mourinho sanctioning his exit. And, last August, he revealed team-mates at United were confused when Mourinho refused to pick him - despite going to the Portuguese’s office at Carrington. "I’ve thought a lot about why it went wrong. The first season I had to adapt and it didn't go well compared to my time at PSV,” he said. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "I lost a bit of confidence and I lost the confidence of Van Gaal and his staff. "It was hard for me. The following season I felt like I had more experience, but they changed the coach. "Jose Mourinho came and I fought to get into the team but I think the idea of giving me a chance was never in his head. He never gave me an opportunity. Never. "I went to his office but it changed nothing. It was a very difficult period, I felt that I was training well and the players themselves did not understand it. "Pogba and Zlatan told me: 'Why don't you ever play?' For me that was the confirmation that I had no chance. And I realised that I didn't want to be in a big club without playing.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here