Nick Kyrgios claimed that his transformation over the last 12 months makes him 'very emotional' after winning his first ATP Tour title since 2019. The Aussie followed up his Wimbledon final run by going one better at the Citi Open, beating Yoshihito Nishioka in straight sets on Sunday. Kyrgios has shown that his run to the final at SW19 was by no means a fluke. The 27-year-old lost in four sets to Novak Djokovic at the All England Club, but with the tournament stripped of ranking points he actually fell several places in the world rankings. That only seems to have increased Kyrgios' motivation ahead of the US Open later this month, as he showed in Washington over the past few days. His impressive run was capped off with a 6-4 6-3 win over Nishioka on Sunday, after which he admitted that a return to top form and winning ways represents an unlikely turnaround. "It’s very emotional for me," admitted Kyrgios. "To see where I was at last year to now it’s just an incredible transformation. I just came out with great energy, I knew I had experience on my side today. I love this court, I’ve played so many great matches here so I’m just really really happy with it. DON'T MISS: Nick Kyrgios copies Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal feat Novak Djokovic has never matched "I think he has got the talent to [reach another Grand Slam final]," she told the 'With Kamu Murray Podcast'. "Can he marshal all the resources required to win seven three out of five said matches in a full draw, not one that's gutted by withdrawals and players not being allowed to play? That's where it can be a little tough.  "I think he can, he reminds me a little bit of John McEnroe back in my era. I am not sure Nick has that level of achievement in him but I think he has got another slam final maybe in New York on the fast hard courts." "I’ve been in some really dark places and just to be able to turn it around... there’s so many people that helped me get there but just myself, I’ve shown some serious strength to just persevere and continue and get through all those times and to still be able to perform." Kyrgios' serve wasn't broken for the whole tournament and he only dropped one set on his run to victory - a closely-contested tie-break with 10th seed Frances Tiafoe. Marcos Giron, Tommy Paul, Reilly Opelka and Mikael Ymer were also dealt with en route to glory in Washington. Kyrgios certainly got plenty of tennis under his belt in the States, winning the doubles title as well as the men's singles. He and doubles specialist Jack Sock cruised past Ivan Dodig and Austin Krajicek in the final after benefitting from a walkover against Tiafoe and Alex de Minaur in the semis. That means the Aussie completed a rare feat in winning the men's singles and doubles crowns at the same event, with Roger Federer doing so twice in his accomplished career, Rafael Nadal once and Novak Djokovic still waiting for his first. With the US Open just a matter of weeks away, former tennis star Leif Shiras believes that Kyrgios has the quality and momentum to make another splash at Flushing Meadows. "I think he has got the talent to [reach another Grand Slam final]," she told the 'With Kamu Murray Podcast'. "Can he marshal all the resources required to win seven three out of five said matches in a full draw, not one that's gutted by withdrawals and players not being allowed to play? That's where it can be a little tough. "I think he can, he reminds me a little bit of John McEnroe back in my era. I am not sure Nick has that level of achievement in him but I think he has got another slam final maybe in New York on the fast hard courts."