Johnny Ruffo, 34, has discussed his decision to freeze his sperm amid his ongoing battle with brain cancer. The Australian X Factor star explained he had to make the decision early in his treatment, he said in his new memoir, No Finish Line. The singer revealed he felt it was necessary to freeze his sperm in case he became infertile. Johnny wrote: “Suddenly I was having to have conversations about chemotherapy and radiation. “We spoke about whether it was necessary to freeze my sperm just in case I became infertile,” the 34-year-old penned. He went on: “One of the saddest things about cancer is that even though it can feel like an isolating experience and that you’re the only victim, you quickly learn that it’s actually quite a large club that nobody asked to be part of.” READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life  Prior to his diagnosis five years ago, Johnny discussed his primary focuses in life on Instagram. He explained these were his music performances and his girlfriend, Tahnee Sims, who has supported the star through his battle. Johnny said “in no particular order” that his priorities in life before the diagnosis were “performing, recording music, acting, Tahnee, family and partying with friends”. The talented singer and actor is well-known for portraying Chris Harrington in Australian soap Home and Away. Johnny was diagnosed with brain cancer in 2017 following a visit to the hospital with a bad migraine. He was aged 29 at the time, and was rushed to emergency surgery to remove the 7cm tumour. At the time, he took to Instagram to share a snap of himself with his 250,000 followers. The singer could be seen recovering in the hospital bed following the incision on his head. READ MORE... Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [UPDATE] TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [LATEST] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [UPDATE]  “Some things in life really put things into perspective, hoping for a positive result,” he said. “Keep me in your thoughts.” He added he had a “battle ahead” as he prepared to undergo more treatment for the cancer. “It [the diagnosis] was a bit of a shock and I’ve got an interesting journey ahead of me and a bit of a battle,” he wrote on Instagram. “I am starting aggressive treatment for the next few months to fight the diagnosis of brain cancer,” he continued. “Please stay positive for me and I’ll try to update you guys on my progress.” In addition to his role on Home and Away, Johnny competed on The X Factor Australia back in 2011. After making it to the final, he secured a recording contract and his debut single, On Top, reached number 14 in the ARIA Singles Chart in 2012.