Kate Middleton and Prince William are not shy of a holiday, with the pair currently on their two-month long summer break with their children Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. But the pair have been warned that their holiday habits are a “problem”.  Royal expert Daniela Elser wrote for news.com.au: “It's time for the Cambridges to give up this royal perk. They can't have their nearly 100 days of holiday per year and still try to sell themselves as the Duke and Duchess of Relatability.” The Queen owns a number of holiday homes which are regularly used by the royals. The family traditionally spend Christmas at Sandringham in Norfolk and the Duke and Duchess are expected to make a visit to Her Majesty’s Scottish home, Balmoral, this summer. Prince William and Kate are expected to make an appearance at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham this week but have a small number of public appearances over the coming months. The pair are not expected to fully return to their posts until early autumn as they spend time with their children. But some have criticised the pair’s fondness for holidaying over the summer, with Daniela adding: “There's no way around it: William and Kate have a holiday problem. “At issue here is that just because they can take months of the year off and that traditionally members of the royal family have, does not mean they should. “The Duke and Duchess can take vast swathes of time off whenever they fancy because they have complete control over their schedules, aside from key events like Trooping the Colour and Remembrance Day, meaning they can spend a week on the beach, even if it is in the Cornish Isles of Scilly, rather than at their 19th-century mahogany desks whenever the mood strike. READ MORE: Princess Anne 'always knew Meghan had short royal shelf-life'  “There is also the fact that this bad habit also serves to revive the Lazy Kate narrative that haunted her for years.” Before Kate and William’s wedding in 2008, a senior aide reported that the Queen thought Kate needed to “get a job”. They told the Daily Mail: “The Queen has admitted she has no idea what Kate actually does.” Adding that Her Majesty is “of the opinion that Kate should be working. She believes in a modern monarchy and feels very strongly that the royals should be leading by example.”  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan will be forced to 'give up' royal titles  [INSIGHT]'We know what’s been going on' Netflix urged to pull plug on Sussexes [COMMENT]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry urged to 'accept' Queen's invite [LIVE] A source added: “Mostly she just waits for William to come home so that they can go on another holiday.” The Duke and Duchess began their roles as full-time royals in 2017.And Daniela even compared Princess Diana to the pair, saying she “was chucked in the deep end and shunted off to charm the masses in regional town centres before she had even gotten all the wedding confetti out of her hair.” Prince William was seen at the Women’s World Cup Final yesterday as the Lionesses won 2-1 against Germany. Kate Middleton was last seen at Wimbledon alongside her husband and son, Prince George. The family are expected to join the Queen in Balmoral later this month. 