Meghan Markle has recently caused yet another stir with the public after she released the first two episodes of her new Spotify podcast, Archetypes. During the second episode with legendary singer Mariah Carey, she spoke about the alleged racism she received once she was married to Prince Harry. Discussing the latest episode on Piers Morgan Uncensored, Jeremy Kyle and Angela Levin both aimed some strong words toward the Duchess of Sussex, with Angela claiming Meghan wanted to be "Diana 2.0". After discussing the recent comments Meghan has made during her interview with The Cut, Jeremy slammed: "Can I just say, all of us would agree and this is what really winds me up... "Tomorrow is 25 years since Princess Diana died, the tragedy that rocked the world, right? Her two sons left without a mother. "You cannot convince me and say that yet again Meghan Markle's timing, don't tell me it is a coincidence, she wants the world to be talking about her instead of Diana, that is her problem." Angela agreed and expressed: "She sees herself as Diana number two, she sees herself as an alternative Diana, she wears Diana's perfume. READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry "When she was with Harry she was saying all sorts of things, she is very close to Diana, Harry said he thought they would be best friends. "I mean she is planning herself to be another Diana because she thinks she's like her because she also felt that she was treated badly, of course, she wasn't, it was a whole different scenario. "And she loved the Royal Family but she couldn't cope with it." Jeremy interjected: "I would love to know what Diana, Princess of Wales would have made of Meghan Markle." "She would hate her," royal correspondent Angela weighed in, pulling no punches. Guest Afua Hagan tried to counter-act their opinions and explained: "I think it is really disappointing actually that this has happened around this time. "I would love to be talking to you more about Diana's legacy, about 25 years since she passed, about where we all were when it happened, she was a fashion icon..." Jeremy interrupted her discussion and claimed: "You have just made the worst point, why has it happened? Because Meghan Markle has let it out now. DON'T MISS...Martin Clunes admits ITV wanted to keep Doc Martin  [WATCH]Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think  [LATEST]Meghan Markle's podcast savaged as expert claims popularity won't last [INSIGHT] "You cannot, with the greatest of respect, she is savvy, she knows what she is doing, she has released this, The Cut and that ridiculous podcast on the eve of the death of his mother. "I am astounded that Prince Harry does not have a pair big enough to say, 'Oi love, that was my mother'. Come on!" Angela took the opportunity to slam how Meghan has "changed" Prince Harry and added: "He has no courage to say anything against her." "He will lie because he doesn't want to upset her, she would let her say anything and she has made a total wreck of him. "I spent a year and a quarter with him, and he totally changed, he has just become resentful, and aggressive and she has taught him how to hate his family. "He got on very well with Prince Charles, they had their problems early on, they were very compatible later on, and she has just destroyed him." Afua combatted her points and claimed: "At the end of the day he is a grown man, she is a grown woman, they are a married couple. "I am pretty sure that they had discussions around the timing of the release of the podcast." Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weeknights from 8pm on Talk TV.