AC Milan have told Arsenal they do not want to sell Sandro Tonali this summer, according to reports. However, the Italian champions could consider a sale if an offer of £46.4million (€55m) came in. Arsenal are in the market for a midfielder before the end of the transfer window. Leicester City's Youri Tielemans has been linked with a move to the Emirates throughout the summer. However, the Gunners are yet to push through with their interest in the Belgium international. Despite making five signings already, Mikel Arteta is keen on having a busy next few weeks. And reports from Italy claim Tonali is of interest. Speaking to Calcio Mercato on TvPlay, journalist Enrico Camelio claimed there has been a meeting between the Gunners and Milan regarding Tonali. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye Rabiot partner, De Jong's Boehly chat, Spurs bid  Milan are reluctant to part ways with the midfielder. But if Tonali was to leave, last season's Serie A winners would look to bring in two players with the money they receive. "Milan and Arsenal met and talked about Tonali," said Camelio. "The Rossoneri have declared that the midfielder is not transferable, but if a proposal for €55m arrives, Milan could sell him and make two purchases". Tonali, 22, only joined Milan on a permanent deal from Brescia last summer. He had spent the previous campaign on loan at the San Siro and has now scored five goals in 82 appearances for the club. He made his debut for Italy in 2019 and has won 11 caps for the Azzurri. Tonali limped off with an injury during Milan's 6-1 friendly win over Vicenza on Saturday but there is optimism he could be fit for the season-opener against Udinese on Saturday. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurkChelsea's scary XI if Boehly signs Fofana, De Jong and one more starArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of window  Meanwhile, Arsenal won their first game of the season at Crystal Palace last Friday. Gunners boss Arteta has spent around £120m on new signings in this window. But he admitted last week he is still looking at new recruits. Arteta said: “We are really active, as you can see with incomings and outgoings. "Everything is still open, it’s a long window, a lot has happened, it’s incredible how much business the clubs have done across the Premier League and it shows how competitive it is, and this season is not going to stop that. Players are going to have the need to leave, some others to move and everything is open still.”  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here