Antonio Conte and Thomas Tuchel have both been charged by the Football Association for the touchline brawl that followed the full-time whistle after Chelsea’s 2-2 draw with Tottenham. The managers were furious with each other after an attempted handshake that followed a 2-2 draw full of controversy. Both head coaches now have until Thursday to provide their responses to the FA charge. An FA spokesperson said: “Thomas Tuchel and Antonio Conte have both been charged with a breach of FA Rule E3, following the Premier League fixture between Chelsea FC and Tottenham Hotspur FC on Sunday 14 August 2022. It is alleged that the behaviour of both managers was improper following the end of the fixture. Thomas Tuchel and Antonio Conte have until Thursday 18 August 2022 to provide their respective responses.” Both managers attempted to shake hands after the game but appeared to hold on to each other's hand for too long following a fiery affair. in his post-match interview, Tuchel accused Conte of not looking him in the eye and was seen gesturing this to the Italian during the incident. JUST IN: Adrien Rabiot's move to Man Utd seemingly confirmed after goodbye vid Tempers had flared earlier in the fixture when Chelsea felt that Spurs' first equaliser should not have counted. Kai Havertz appeared to be fouled by Rodrigo Bentancur in the build-up to Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg's strike. Conte and Tuchel were both booked following that incident, along with a member of each team's coaching staff. Chelsea went ahead again through Reece James's goal but Harry Kane equalised in the 96th minute. The two head coaches were shown straight red cards for their part in the brawl that followed the final whistle. They will both serve touchline bans for their upcoming games, subject to any appeals. DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp hints at transfer U-turnBarcelona 'blow hopes' of signing Bernardo Silva from Man CityChelsea receive two-word response from Everton as Gordon bid refuted Tuchel also faces a separate FA investigation following comments he made about referee Anthony Taylor in his post-match press conference. He has not been charged. Chelsea felt both of Spurs' goals should have been disallowed. The Blues argued that Havertz was fouled before Hojbjerg slammed home the equaliser. Defender Marc Cucurella, who made his full Chelsea debut, then appeared to have his hair pulled by Spurs' Cristian Romero following the corner that led to Kane's equaliser. Tuchel implied afterwards that it might be "better" if Taylor does not officiate his side's fixtures again.