The 14th season of NCIS: Los Angeles is currently filming, with G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell), Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and the rest of the agents all set to return for more high-stakes missions. Over on Twitter, production manager Rick Tunell has been keeping fans up-to-date with some exciting backstage insights into the hit CBS spin-off. NCIS: LA production manager Rick has confirmed filming has almost been completed for the fourth episode of the drama’s 14th season. On his Twitter page, he posted three monitors displaying a huge pyrotechnic explosion. Explosive moments like this have become a staple for the hit action-drama, and season 14 won’t be breaking from tradition. Rick captioned the snap: “5:01pm. That’s a wrap. [Thank God it’s Friday].” READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 “One more day to complete ep#1404. No night shooting like last week.” (sic) With just under two months to go before new episodes start to air on CBS, viewers will be glad to know the series already has a few episodes in the can. Filming will continue alongside the show’s broadcast, but several episodes should already have been completed by NCIS: LA’s October 9 premiere. This could well be the series’ most action-packed instalment yet if the giant explosion revealed in Rick’s update is any indication. His recent posts have also teased the new season could lean into the thriller genre with two snaps of some rather ominous locations. “Scouting creepy locations for the third episode of NCIS: LA,” he added to a photo of a particularly sinister dwelling. Now episode four has been finished over the weekend, series main Daniela Ruah will be stepping into the director’s chair for episode five. On her Instagram account, she posted a snap of herself holding up the first page for the script of episode five, titled Flesh and Blood. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star feared he couldn’t film key scene [INSIGHT]NCIS fans in meltdown as star confirms Ducky's season 20 return [UPDATE]Melanie Blatt fights tears after serving 'risky' dish [VIDEO] In the caption, she told her 1.1 million followers: “Here we go again…” Given the October premiere, Daniela’s episode will presumably air at some point in November. This isn’t the first time Daniela has proven herself behind the camera, as she has directed four episodes of the LA spin-off so far. Earlier this year, she collaborated with her long-time on-screen partner Eric Christian Olsen on Live Free or Die Standing. Eric wrote the episode, while Daniela directed, making it the third episode she directed in 2022. Her followers were thrilled to see the Kensi Blye star given another chance to direct after impressing fans with her previous efforts. Thankfully, viewers won’t have too much longer to wait for more NCIS content, as the mainline series and NCIS: Hawaii will both be returning next month. NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 premieres Sunday, October 9 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.