The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) is tipped to increase interest rates to 1.75 per cent in a bid to put the brakes on inflation. The warning from the respected Resolution Foundation that inflation could hit 15 per cent in the first quarter of next year will horrify families that are struggling to balance their budgets. It is essential that falls in the market value of essential goods are passed on to consumers without delay. People who are already working every hour they can will fear a desperate winter awaits. These are not ordinary times and Conservative leadership contender Liz Truss’s readiness to argue for bold action to ease the pressure on households is likely a key reason why she has won such a lead in the polls. Governments have a solemn duty to ensure citizens can heat their homes and put food on the table. Ms Truss’s plans to reduce the tax burden and avert a recession by unleashing pro-growth policies will strike many grassroots Tories as simple common sense. The last thing the world needs is a crisis over Taiwan. Global hopes of a swift post-pandemic recovery were dealt a terrible blow when Russia invaded Ukraine. An attempt by China to seize this democratic state would be an outrage and a disaster for the global economy. China’s modernisation is a success story which has lifted millions of people out of poverty; its wealth has brought it new clout on the international stage. It has every right to pursue its legitimate national interests but it must abide by international law and show a true appreciation for human rights both at home and abroad. A bid to seize Taiwan would have terrible repercussions for China, which has been enriched through global trade. Wars of conquest should have no place today. Genertations of Britons have tried to make the best of barbecues in the drizzle but this year the country has basked in spectacular sunshine. The time has come, though, for a few welcome showers to rescue our gardens and replenish our reservoirs. Even the most ardent sun lovers must admit that the unprecedented temperatures have not always been pleasant. Before long, people could start using their dusty umbrellas as parasols and gather in the evening to stage rain dances. One thing is sure – in Britain the weather will never cease to be a topic of conversation.  