Manchester United owners the Glazers are still yet to give any indication they’re prepared to sell the club, reports say. The Americans are firmly in the spotlight after the Red Devils were battered 4-0 by Brentford on Saturday night. And opposition to their regime is sure to grow in the aftermath of yet another chastening day at the office. Manchester United went into their game with Brentford looking to bounce back after losing 2-1 to Brighton last time out. Yet that didn’t happen, with goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo giving the home side all three points on a memorable afternoon at the Gtech Community Stadium. Many United fans have now again called on the Glazers to leave, with brothers Joel and Avram polarising figures among supporters. But The National say there’s still never been any indication they’re ready to leave, which suggests the Red Devils are stuck with the siblings for the foreseeable future. While that’s the case, however, it’s stated there would be suitors if United were to go on the market. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything Sir Jim Ratcliffe would potentially be one of them, with the British billionaire recently failing to buy Chelsea from Roman Abramovich. Some industry insiders think Ratcliffe only registered an interest in the Stamford Bridge outfit as his way of sending a message that he had the funds any potential United takeover would require. And another figure who has already confirmed their desire to purchase United is businessman Michael Knighton. Knighton recently announced his intentions, telling Man United The Religion: "We are a club in crisis and we all know the reason why. “We have an inept and frankly useless ownership who know little about this game of football. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already "Everyone knows that we need new ownership of this football club and that is my aim and those are my objectives. “I am making good progress, continuing to talk to the people, I have got some good pledges and good finance. "We are now working on the offer document. Remember, it is a hostile bid - that simply means that the club isn't officially for sale. “But my intention is to present these owners with a legitimate, potent and commercial offer to say: 'You have run out of road, it's time go, because your time is up'. "And frankly, the fans worldwide have had enough of this regime. The exciting feeling of a new season, which we all have, and that balloon of excitement that is there, it was all burst when we quickly saw the performance against Brighton. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “The club is in crisis and it will remain in crisis while we have this current ownership." And, in another interview with The United Stand, Knighton double down on his plan to oust the Glazers after 17 years in charge. “When I was a director at Manchester United, I left that club with plenty of money in the bank, no debt, we could buy any player, and the stadium was the best in the UK by far,” he said. "What’s happened over the last 17 years is really unacceptable to me. “We can’t keep taking the sort of money out of the club that’s been happening under this current ownership. It’s nothing personal against the ownership. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I just believe that we need new owners that don’t need to take money out of the club and will restore Manchester United to where it used to be. "This bid isn’t about Michael Knighton. I became a recluse for 10 years after I left football. “I could do without pushing my head above the parapet, to be stormed down again but someone had to make a stand against the current owners. I’ve done it, at great personal sacrifice to my life and to public perception of me, but we do need the change." The Glazers have, in the past, held talks with a Saudi Arabian consortium about potentially selling United. But nothing happened and they remain in charge, much to the fury of the millions of fans around the world. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here