Ricardo dos Santos posted a video of a young PC punching the Tesla and claimed that he then pulled out a baton to break a window. Police said the 400m runner had not stopped when asked after being suspected of using a phone while driving at 4am on Sunday in west London. Mr dos Santos, 27, and his sprinter partner Bianca Williams, 28, were pulled over in the same area in July 2020 as they returned home from training. Police parted them from their three-month-old son while they were handcuffed and the car was searched. Team GB runner Miss Williams, a 2018 Commonwealth Games gold medalist, accused the Met of "racial profiling" and said the pair were targeted as they are black. Five officers face a gross misconduct hearing. After the latest stop, Portuguese athlete Mr dos Santos wrote online: "Annoyed that 2 years down nothing has changed but they still manage to over-police. Why do 7 armed officers need to be present when I was alone. 2 or 3 max would have been enough." He said he had posted some of the footage but the rest is with his lawyer. Mr dos Santos said: "Not surprised I had to go through this again. Whilst driving home, 7 armed Met police officers stopped me because they thought I was on my phone. At their request I pulled over when safe to." "One, fist clenched, banged on my window and tried opening the car. Not knowing how to use a Tesla handle he took out his baton out of frustration ready to smash the glass." "I missed the turn to come [off the A40] and I felt there wasn't anywhere else that was safe enough to stop because the flyover is pretty dark so I took the next exit...and stopped at the next available street...and waited." "Based on my previous incidents with them, I thought that the best place to stop was somewhere lit up and with the possibility of witnesses." "I was worried for my safety, so...I called Bianca and I told her to log onto the car's cameras and look." Mr dos Santos said the phone was between his legs. The Met has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct.