John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) will be forced to fight once again in season five of Yellowstone as he and his family continue the struggle to keep hold of their ranch and land. Season five will pit the Dutton matriarch up against Market Equities once again as the corporation desperately seeks land to build an airport and business empire - as well as look to rub Beth Dutton’s (Kelly Reilly) face in their progress given her meddling in the previous run. While spoilers have been kept well under wraps since filming commenced on the fifth season in Montana earlier this year, there has been some big news in regards to casting. Potentially teasing what’s to come, Wendy Moniz, Mo Brings Plenty and Jen Landon have been upped to series regular for their roles of Governor Lynelle Perry, Mo and Teeter, respectively. But another big piece of casting news came in the form of Josh Lucas’ return - the man who played John Dutton in flashbacks throughout the Paramount drama. When speaking in a new interview with Extra TV earlier this month, Costner was probed as to what Lucas’ comeback could mean. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Governor Perry star sparks meltdown with peek She even quizzed if it could mean John will die in the upcoming fifth run which prompted a smirk from the Oscar winner. “Well, I don’t want to die,” he replied as he shared a chuckle with the interviewer. Seemingly rubbishing the rumour, he continued: “There’s just too much to do. “In terms of this story, I don’t know where that’s gonna go,” Costner continued. “I haven’t really thought about that. I mean everybody dies but it’s how you live.” Costner also revealed whether or not he knows how Yellowstone will come to a conclusion and if showrunner Taylor Sheridan has divulged with him the show’s direction. “No, I don’t (know) because in some way I think in some way we’re making it up even if we say we know,” he revealed. Costner added: “If we say we know it, is that really what it means? I think what comes on the page will be the thing that I look at.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone’s Jimmy star opens up on improvised bunkhouse scenesYellowstone season 5 theory: Monica to exit after Kevin Costner teaseYellowstone’s Kelly Reilly pays tribute to star despite on-screen feud It would certainly be a turn-up for the books if John was to meet a deadly end in season five, but it wouldn’t be his first shave with death. In the very first season, John discovered a tumour had burst in his stomach, leading to life-saving surgery courtesy of the ranch’s vet. And he was also one of the victims of the season three finale ambush which threatened the lives of a number of Duttons. Beth was at the centre of an eardrum-bursting explosion in her office while Kayce (Luke Grimes) was ambushed by assault rifle-wielding hitmen. Luckily the season four premiere revealed all three made it out alive and it soon transpired Jamie Dutton’s (Wes Bentley) biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) was the man behind the murder attempts. Beth ended up blackmailing Jamie into killing his own father or risk the wrath of the Dutton family or spending a stint behind bars. In typical Beth style, she caught him in the act of disposing of the body and heading into season five, Jamie is well and truly in the palms of Beth and John. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. A UK release date is yet to be announced.