Max Verstappen has revealed an issue which plagued Charles Leclerc at the Belgian Grand Prix is one of his “worst nightmares”. The Ferrari star was forced to pit at the end of lap three after smoke was seen from his front right tyre. The team then discovered the issue was down to a visor tear-off lodged in the brake duct. Leclerc was fortunate to not lose much time as the race was under safety car but the issue still dropped him to the back of the field as Verstappen stormed through the midfield. However, after the race the Dutchman revealed he was “always scared” the problem would affect his car. He explained: “Carlos told me that it was a tear-off. I didn't know. I hope it's not mine but there was a lot of stuff. "Honestly, we are all pulling stuff out and it is just super unlucky this happens. You are always scared this will happen, especially when you are in the pack and especially on a track like this, you are taking them off very quickly. "This is your worst nightmare that these things happen but, unfortunately, they do." READ MORE: FIA help Verstappen extend title advantage as Leclerc given penalty Leclerc was able to recover back to P5 before Ferrari decided to pit him to have a go at securing the fastest lap. However, Leclerc was caught speeding in the pit lane and was handed a five-second penalty which dropped him behind Fernando Alonso to P6. Ferrari later confirmed the penalty was only awarded after the tear-off had damaged a sensor. Team principal Mattia Binotto even suggested it was Max Verstappen’s tear-off which had caused the problems in a double blow for the Scuderia. After the race, he said: “We were not using our normal sensors measuring the speed because they have been failed during the overheating... due to the [tear-off] of Max. I think overall it has been an unlucky situation and we should not stop deciding to be brave to go for a fast lap when conditions are there to go for it.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen's four-word reaction to replay of Lewis Hamilton crash [COMMENT]Max Verstappen reacts to 'hectic' win sparked by Lewis Hamilton crash [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen rubs salt in Mercedes wounds with brutal comment  [INSIGHT] The result allowed Verstappen to extend his championship advantage by a further 18 points. Verstappen now enjoys a 98-point championship lead over Leclerc but he is no longer his nearest rival. Sergio Perez moved five points ahead of Leclerc in the championship at Spa but still sits 93 points behind reigning champion Verstappen.