Rafael Nadal has been handed a huge advantage following Daniil Medvedev’s Montreal Masters defeat to Nick Kyrgios, as the Spaniard now has a chance to play for the world No 1 ranking. Current top-ranked player Medvedev was defending 1,000 ranking points as last year’s champion but will suffer a big drop after losing his opening match, giving Nadal a chance to overtake the Russian. Nadal has no ranking points to defend until the end of the year, having cut his 2021 season short this time 12 months ago. It gives the Spaniard the opportunity to push for year-end No 1 while his rivals are all chasing last year’s points but he has now been handed the chance to take the top spot as early as August 22 - before the US Open. Medvedev will be just 125 points ahead of world No 2 Alexander Zverev on Monday with 6,885 in total. But with the German out of Cincinnati as he continues to recover from his freak French Open injury and targeting a return at the US Open, Nadal is the only man who can ascend to world No 1 before the final Major of the year, earning himself the top seed position. And the current world No 3’s fate lies in the hands of both himself and Medvedev after he announced he had made a last-minute decision to compete in next week’s Cincinnati Masters, less than a week after being forced to withdraw from Montreal when he continued to feel “discomfort” from the abdominal tear he picked up during Wimbledon. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios shares 'regret' he's aiming to avoid ahead of US Open  /sport/tennis/1653543/Nick-Kyrgios-Daniil-Medvedev-Montreal-Masters-Canada-National-Bank-Open-tennis-news-result For Nadal to regain the world No 1 ranking on August 22 and guarantee he enters the final Major of the year as the top-ranked male player, he must win the title next week but relies on Medvedev losing before the round-of-16, with the 26-year-old defending 360 points from reaching the semi-finals in 2021. The current world No 1 will be 1,265 points ahead of the Spaniard going into Cincinnati but with Nadal defending 0 points, he can make up 1,000 with the title and relies on Medvedev losing more with an early exit to surpass him. DON'T MISS Medvedev makes Djokovic US Open ban feelings clear with rivals commentKyrgios explains factor that has changed to make him US Open contenderKyrgios snubs Nadal and Djokovic with ranking claim after Medvedev win  If Nadal can regain the world No 1 ranking, it will be his first time at the top for more than two years, having last held the spot on February 3 2020. Medvedev became the first man outside of the Big Four to occupy the top spot in more than 18 years when he first made his debut at No 1 on February 28, but he lasted just two weeks at the top before handing the place back to Novak Djokovic.  And the US Open champion is eager to take every opportunity he can to build on his ranking, as he claimed the North American hard-court swing was a chance to hold 4,000 points on his ranking with title wins in Montreal, Cincinnati and New York. While his chance in Canada is over, Medvedev will be vying to make up for the loss over the next month and win the next two tournaments. 