Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry) was overcome with emotion when Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) garnered the strength to walk down the aisle on their wedding day. While it appears as though the Emmerdale characters are happier than ever, Rhona actress Zoe has hinted her character might fall for another woman. Emmerdale viewers were brought to tears watching Marlon, who suffered a stroke in March, get out of his wheelchair to meet Rhona at the altar of St Mary's Church. The newlyweds moved on to The Woolpack following the ceremony where they celebrated their big day with family and friends. However, both of the characters have been married several times in the past, so will this marriage withstand the test of time? Marlon is still struggling with his health after having a stroke earlier this year and his recovery is not a short process.  READ MORE: Adil Ray shut down by Coffey as she tries to end GMB interview At present, the Emmerdale chef needs to use a wheelchair and still has issues with his speech. Rhona has promised to be by Marlon's side through thick and thin, but will she be able to stick to her vows? Speaking at an Emmerdale press day with Express.co.uk and other media, Rhona star Zoe teased her character could fall in love with a woman in upcoming scenes. After being asked about Rhona and Marlon's future, the 48-year-old said: "I love this question, because you can say they are fine but in two years' time, one of us will be dead or a lesbian with someone else.  "What you have [do is be] in the moment and in that [wedding] episode, in my head, I think they are soulmates, but who knows?" Marlon actor Mark said their relationship could end as soon as "next week" but said, "right now they are as solid as a couple could be". The Emmerdale vet once had a lesbian fling with her pal Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) - could history repeat itself? Rhona cheated on her former husband Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) with Vanessa several years ago. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Amelia Spencer dies after giving birth [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale's Cain Dingle star 'saddened' by colleague's exit [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Lucas Taylor's life left hanging in the balance [UPDATE] While Rhona later admitted she was only using Vanessa, could it all have been a massive lie? Will she embark on an affair with Vanessa, or a new woman, once the novelty of her marriage to Marlon wears off? Zoe also said she did not want to become a Dingle on the soap as her real husband Jeff Hordley, who plays Cain Dingle, has that surname. She said she was thrilled her wish came true as she kept the surname Goskirk after marrying Marlon.  "She has never changed her name and I don't mind a little bit of Dingle stuff, but not too much," Zoe added. Zoe also revealed she initially wanted her character to wear a coloured wedding dress but explained: "It's Rhona's fourth wedding, who is she trying to kid?" The costume designer chose a sleek white satin dress for Rhona to wear with a feathered headband as an elegant accessory. Emmerdale airs on ITV on weeknights at 7.30pm. 