From today, the rates have been increased on four of Santander’s 1 Year Fixed Rate ISA, 18 Month Fixed Rate ISA, 2 Year Fixed Rate ISA, and Easy access eISA. The high-street bank has increased the rate on its 1Year Fixed Rate ISA from 1.5 percent to 2.3 percent AER and its 18 month ISA has gone from a rate of 1.7 percent to 2.5 percent. Santander’s 2 Year ISA has increased from two percent to 2.8 percent AER and its Easy access ISA has doubled from 0.7 percent to 1.5 percent. Hetal Parmar, head of Banking and Savings at Santander UK, said: “We understand saving for the future is important for many people and our increased cash ISA rates will make customers’ money work harder, helping with their savings goals. “We make it simple to transfer an existing cash ISA to Santander in a way that keeps it tax-free.” The bank said it would give customers some of the "best returns in the market on their tax-free savings". Santander has also announced the launch of a new £175 switcher cashback offer for both new and existing customers of its 1|2|3 accounts. The new offer replaces the previous offer of £160 cashback for new applications. To qualify, customers will need to complete the switch using the Current Account Switch Service (CASS), deposit at least £1,000 into the account and set up and maintain two active direct debits within 60 days of opening the account. READ MORE: Universal Credit: When you can expect second cost of living payment   If a person opens either the 1 Year, 18 Month, or 2 Year fixed-rate account with £500 then they could be paid interest of £23, £37.78, or £56.78 respectively across the term. With this service, people will need to transfer their ISAs from other banks to Santander within 14 days of opening the account. People can also open the easy-access ISA the same way however, this account allows Britons to pull out their cash from the account when they need it. However, Britons should note that if they withdraw the money from the ISA rather than transferring it, the cash will lose its tax-free status. READ MORE: Express.co.uk explores the small changes you can make to boost your financial position.    With this account, a deposit of £500 could see a person get interest of £15 across 12 months. All of the accounts can be opened online or in a Santander branch. The most that can be deposited into the Fixed-rate ISAs is £20,000. The maximum balance for the eISA however is £2million. The Bank of England (BoE) has increased its base rate around six times this year with the latest taking it from 0.5 percent to 1.75. Santander is amongst many financial institutions which are offering its customers a more favourable interest rate amid the current cost of living crisis and base rate increase.  This year, Santander has raised the rate on its 1I2I3, Select and Private current accounts from 0.75 AER/gross (variable) to one percent. This rate rise applies to balances up to £20,000 and to one percent AER/gross (variable) with customers being able to earn up to £200 per year in interest. On top of this, Santander’s customers will be able to get cashback on household bills for a £4 monthly charge. The bank also announced that its Junior ISA will rise from one percent to 1.25 percent from September 2. Last month, the bank announced all its current account customers will be able to open a Regular eSaver account. This savings product pays a 2.5 percent interest AER/Gross for 12 months.According to Santander, around 5.4 million UK customers are set to receive a boost to their savings. The Regular e-Saver was previously only available for the bank’s 1I2I3, Select and Private Current Account customers. 