The EU is adopting the measures in a bid to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, with the UK also planning to be net zero by that date. One quarter of all CO2 emissions across Europe stems from traffic, with almost 800 million tonnes of emissions being emitted on the EU’s rules in 2019. More than 60 percent of these emissions are from passenger cars and motorcycles. In June, the European Council voted on an effective ban on petrol and diesel cars from 2035. This followed intense debate within the factions of the EU, with some arguing it is not soon enough, while others called for a delay to environmental measures. Surplex, an industrial auction house, has highlighted that the restrictions on petrol and diesel cars will come with cause issues with production. READ MORE: Blue Badge holders face parking fines in Europe due to Brexit issue A spokesperson for the company said: “For automotive production, this means that some vehicle components will have to be discontinued, modified or included for the very first time in supplier portfolios. “The need for a combustion engine will be replaced by one for an electric machine. “Fuel supply systems will be replaced by battery or fuel cell systems. “The exhaust gas system and alternator will be done away with and the transmission will have to be adapted. DON'T MISSElectric car charger installation may end up in 'potential disaster' [WARNING]Drivers urged to visit petrol station more often to boost fuel economy [INSIGHT]Morrisons slashes petrol and diesel prices at all UK fuel stations [IMPORTANT] “High-performance electronics will also be needed, which until now have not been installed in conventional cars. “And it’s not just the directly affected systems, but the entire vehicle architecture that is changing, as electrical engines do not need as much space.” The UK Government announced plans to scrap the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2030, with a similar ban affecting hybrid cars from 2035. To help move toward this, the Government has been clear in its support of the electric car revolution. So far, it has pledged billions of pounds into developing EV infrastructure, alongside private sector investment. Despite this, Lord David Frost, the former chief negotiator of the Brexit withdrawal agreement, commented on his dislike of the ban, saying cars were being “taken away” from drivers. Writing in The Telegraph, he said: “Who can imagine a world in which private cars are banned? “Even in the Soviet Union, if you can get one, they don’t stop you driving it around. “No Government is going to take people’s cars away from them. “Well, western Governments haven’t quite done that, it is true. But there are advocates for car bans in some large cities, and one day some feeble Red-Green mayor somewhere in Europe will surely give in to it. “Meanwhile, our leaders are doing everything short of it.” He points out that with the movement away from internal combustion engines and towards electric cars, many are still hesitant. He described the ban as “deeply regressive and hugely unpopular”, saying no one had to “mandate the replacement of horses by cars”. This comes as the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) is the latest Government action to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars. It would be introduced in 2035, with campaigners hoping it will be adopted across all of Australia's states.