The child, a seven-year-old boy, was airlifted to Dorset County Hospital after being pulled from the water at Durdle Door, on what turned out to be a busy day for emergency services. Wyke Coastguard also helped care for a female suffering from high blood pressure and related issues on the beach, after receiving a request to assist Lulworth Coastguard Rescue Team from Solent Coastguard. According to DorsetLive, South Western Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust treated both casualties, along with medics from Dorset and Somerset Air Ambulance and Coastguard Helicopter Rescue 175. After rescuing the boy, the helicopter returned to base for fuel before then returning to assist the second patient. They then airlifted the female from the beach to an awaiting ambulance at the top car park. Taking to Facebook, Wyke Coastguard later posted about their busy day. Their first post documented their previous rescue that day: "7th August, no 77 - Whilst on route to Osmington Village fete the team were tasked to a person cut off by the tide near Redcliff point. Weymouth Lifeboat ILB was also tasked. We located the gentleman on the rocks, conned the ILB to his location. Once recovered to the ILB he was dropped at Bowleaze. Luckily he was staying at a campsite in Osmington, we gave him a lift to the fete." They then posted a second post: "7th August, no 78 - We had just enough time at the fete to enjoy some complimentary lunch before our next tasking at 1457. After multiple incidents were reported at Durdle Door we were requested by Solent Coastguard to proceed and assist Lulworth Coastguard Rescue Team. "A female was suffering from high blood pressure and related issues on the beach at Durdle Door. Shortly after this was reported an unconscious 7 year old had been recovered from the water. "A third casualty received assistance after collapsing on the steps leading up from Man-O-War Bay. She was also helped back to the top car park. Teams returned to station by 18.25 after another busy day." People were quick to praise the rescue services in the comments on social media. As one user, Steve Staple, wrote: "Great job, that place seems to get more accidents + choppers every summer." Another, Sarah Johns, added: "Well done to all involved in the rescues you do amazing work" - a sentiment echoed by most. Liz Banks: "Well done to all concerned!" Connie Phelps: "Everyone smashed it yesterday, thank you" Sally-ann Harris: "Another crazy weekend thank goodness you are there to deal with these events"