Olajide "JJ" Olatunji—better known by the acronym 'KSI'—is one of the most recognisable faces on the planet and a superstar of the social media age. The 29-year-old started producing FIFA-based YouTube content back in 2009, though his business dealings now include boxing, a music career and an energy drink company formed with ex-rival Logan Paul. Accustomed to breaking boundaries among his peers, KSI will enter new territory again when he faces two boxing opponents on the same night this Saturday. After taking on British rapper Swarmz, the Londoner will return to the ring against 2-5 Luis Pineda later the same evening. Any money earned from those bouts is likely to be a drop in the ocean compared to KSI's already considerable wealth, however. Thrillng.com estimated in June this year that the YouTuber has a net worth of around $25million (£21.1m), though it's difficult to get an accurate reading of his earnings. As far as YouTube is concerned, KSI has accrued 24million subscribers and almost six billion total views on his main channel. That's without accounting for his secondary channel, which carries almost 16million subscribers of its own and around 3.7billion more views. READ MORE: Anthony Joshua told he 'didn't need to apologise for child's play' in explosive rant  According to Social Blade, his earnings from the former tops out at around £60,000 per month (or roughly £720,000 a year) if he reaches the optimal audience. He also boasts 20million followers or so across Instagram and Facebook, while his work with The Sidemen also drives huge engagement (and thus, earnings). Not content with ruling his corner of the internet, KSI has also presided over the airways in recent years and released two studio albums. Both his 2020 debut, 'Dissimulation', and 2021's 'All Over the Place' are certified gold in the United Kingdom after each passing 100,000 sales. Both entries reached No. 1 status on certain charts in the UK, featuring collaborations with world-renowned names like Rick Ross, Lil Baby, Craig David, 21 Savage and Future. And with that kind of recognition comes even greater exposure, not to mention all the financial benefits along with it. DON'T MISSAmir Khan lifts lid on Tyson Fury chat about setting up mouthwatering Oleksandr Usyk fightAnthony Joshua told to take 'spicy' clash after Usyk loss as part of five-fight planJake Paul and Tony Bellew used to roast Daniel Dubois after 'horrific' and 'stupid' fight    Following their collaboration to create Prime Hydration, KSI and Paul said in March that their drinks company had already surpassed sales of $10m (£8.5m). Content creators of course don't pocket such a sum themselves, but it gives some indication as to the earning potential of their brand considering it was only formed at the start of 2022. With his fingers in so many pies, it may be safe to suggest money isn't the key motivator for KSI to step back into the ring on Saturday. Moreover, his money-making abilities are unlikely to be adversely affected irrespective of the outcome at the O2 Arena.