Well, this time it’s encouraging people who think their jobs “aren’t meaningful” to Quietly Quit them – which doesn’t mean actually quitting and finding one that makes the happy. It means taking the money for doing a job where they just do the bare minimum – just enough so they can’t be fired. Seriously? Is that what we’ve come to? What the hell happened to Britain’s work ethic? What happened to ambition, to want to get on in life? What kind of person makes a conscious decision not to properly do the job he/she is paid for because they feel those jobs “aren’t meaningful”. Well if they aren’t meaningful why don’t these people get off their idle backsides and go find a job that is? Or are they too lazy to go in search of job satisfaction? This “checking out” at work is already big in the US. And here it’s all happened since the pandemic. It was then people realised that being at home all day and being paid 80 percent of their wages for doing not very much was a pretty good gig. These people didn’t think how fantastic the Government was in saving their jobs, their homes, and their standard of living. No, instead of feeling grateful for that they decided that working from home was their entitlement. In fact, quite a few decided that working from home on full pay was the way they wanted to live their lives forever- whatever their employers wanted. They reckoned this was the perfect work/life balance – doing their work in their pyjamas in the back garden. Professor Maria Kordowicz, from Nottingham University, says: “There was a sense of mortality during the pandemic, something quite existential round people thinking – what should work mean for me? How can I do a role more aligned to my values?” It all sounds a bit snowflaky to me but surely the point is people can’t just mentally “check out” of their job and their responsibilities because it doesn’t equate to their values. Their employers expect them – and pay them – to do the very best job they can and some just aren’t doing it. So, would this throttling back mean that employers can dock the wages of people who aren’t doing enough? Can they pay them according to the amount of effort they’re putting in? I’m pretty sure the law wouldn’t allow that but then nor should it allow people to do the very least they can get away with because they’ve decided their job doesn’t inspire them. Do we now live in a world where people think they’re entitled to be inspired every day, to be 100 percent happy and engaged? Because people who have those expectations are going to have one Hell of an unhappy life. Your job is pretty much what you make it. Put in the hours, put in the effort and you’ll get a better job with better money and prospects. And if you decide you really don’t like it – then move on and find a job you do like. Because this Quiet Quitting lark is just another excuse to be lazy and to moan about your lot in life. “Oh I’m not fulfilled,” they wail. Well get out and find fulfilment yourself. And I’m guessing that people who decide to do the bare minimum at work will no doubt end up doing it in their personal lives too. Why bother putting in the effort with a partner? In fact, why try hard at anything? Why strive for stuff when you can just sit back and do – well not very much? According to global Gallup research, 41 percent of Britons included in the survey say they feel a lot of stress a lot of the day. “People’s way of relating to their work has changed since the pandemic,” says Prof Kordowicz. Yes, some clearly don’t want to do very much of it. But here’s what I fear. If this country does plunge into recession, which we’re all being told it will just watch what happens. People who currently don’t like or value their jobs are going to get a rude awakening because a recession means job losses. Currently, much of this country is employed. But when the recession hits that won’t be the case and if bosses are going to have to get rid of people which are the ones they’ll cut loose first? The ones who are doing the bare minimum, that’s who – the Quiet Quitters who’ll realise just how precious a job is when they don’t have one. I love my job not – every day. Not 24/7. But I’m where I want to be. There’s never been anything else I wanted to do more than this. And if there had been I’d have done it. These Quiet Quitters might think they’re being very clever now. Let’s see how clever they are when they’re forced to live on benefits. Those who are currently moaning spend a lot of the day at work feeling stressed because they don’t love their job well, let’s see how stressed they feel when they’re out of work when their lifestyle changes out of all recognition, when their big worry isn’t work satisfaction it's whether or not they can pay the rent or the mortgage. The tragedy here is that some people got lazy during the pandemic. They took for granted what this Government was doing in paying them their full wages to stay at home. Now, many believe it’s their absolute right, their entitlement to do their jobs from their sofas. It isn’t. And those moaning they have zero job satisfaction well that’s something no Government can ever give them. They have to go out and find that all for themselves and currently I don’t have much faith that they will.