Midwife and mum Helen Rhodes was described as “one of a kind”. She had been travelling with her family as part of a “new adventure”, spending 15 years living in Hong Kong - but was on the way home when disaster struck. A few hours into the flight, Helen was found to be unresponsive and couldn’t be resuscitated after falling asleep. The tragedy was then realised - Ms Rhodes had passed away unexpectedly in her sleep. A friend of the family wrote that her children had to then sit next to their mum in a “breathless sleep” until they landed in Frankfurt. They added that while it was an “extremely traumatising” experience, the “devastated” family were able to say their last goodbyes while sitting beside her. Helen’s body remained in Germany while her husband and children continued onto the UK. She had been the “glue that held the family together”. Jayne Jeje, who set up a fundraiser to help the grieving family, explained how Helen was feeling before her final flight. She said: "Helen and her family wrapped up a life in Hong Kong of over 15 years to embark on a new chapter living back home in the UK. Helen was excited and nervous about the move, but looked forward to seeing her family back home, as she had not seen her family or ageing parents since the pandemic began. "Sadly, she never got to see them again. Helen was one of a kind, a gem. She was a midwife by profession, and was always willing to lend a helping hand or advice to anyone who needed it. "Helen loved to talk and made friends easily." Ms Rhodes had become the “pulse of her community” while living in Hong Kong’s Tung Chung area, and would be stopped on the street by people she knew. READ MORE: 'Ash rained and windows shattered' Smoke billows near Heathrow [REVEAL] Jayne added that Helen had become an invaluable member of a motherhood group in the district and would be their point of reference for anything medical-related. In a tribute towards the end of the post, Jayne added: "This fundraiser is to honour this lovely woman who was loved by so many, a dear friend who touched so many people. "We can only hope she knew how much she meant to us., and how her void can never be filled. How this loss is so painful and surreal. The grief we feel is paralysing. Yet, we feel lucky to have known her." Helen ran her own business making bespoke bows and accessories. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family with unexpected expenses and to "honour our dear friend Helen". 