The Duchess of Sussex confessed that she used to suffer from "debilitating migraines"; they were so bad, that Meghan was even "hospitalised for them". In the candid interview, the mum-of-two – to Archie and Lilibet – said that "acupuncture and Eastern medicine absolute changed [her] life". "I have been a long-time believer in acupuncture and cupping," Meghan told The Chalkboard, especially as the practices enabled her to live a "migraine-free" life. "Migraine-free living is a game changer," she beamed, adding that it helps to "surround yourself with people who live a healthy lifestyle [as] it rubs off [on you]". The latest published data from the NHS and NICE (the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) revealed around 10 million people suffer from migraines in the UK. Moreover, there is an excess of 190,000 attacks that happen every single day. Clinical nutritionist Susie Sawyer said: "Diet, hormone fluctuations, and exercise can have a direct influence on the number and severity of migraine attacks. READ MORE: How to live longer – The golden drink 'significantly' lowering cholesterol and blood sugar /latest/meghan-markle "Knowing which foods trigger incidents is vitally important as well as taking regular exercise, particularly if you are sedentary for most of the day." If you suffer from migraines, Sawyer recommends staying away from certain foods, such as: However, personal dietary choices might trigger one person's migraine, but not another's. Hence why Sawyer suggests keeping a food diary to identify your own personal migraine triggers. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Smell that? The smelly sign to spot [ADVICE]Cancer: The 'sudden' sign when waking up in the morning [TIPS]Linda Hamilton: Actress suffered 'seriously' for decades [INSIGHT] "It may be useful to test for any allergenic foods and eradicate them from your diet," Sawyer added. There are, however, a few dietary additions you may benefit from if you do suffer from migraines. "Pineapple contains the enzyme bromelain, which has often been cited as natural pain relief, as it has anti-inflammatory properties," said Sawyer. "Watermelon contain 92 percent water. Getting plenty of water will help you stay hydrated," Sawyer added. Other recommendations include: mushrooms, quinoa, nuts, eggs, and broccoli. Sawyer also believes there is a benefit to taking magnesium supplements. "Magnesium is an important mineral necessary for countless functions in the body, including blood sugar control and nerve transmission," said Sawyer. "Evidence suggests that inadequate consumption of magnesium is associated with migraine." The NHS pointed out that a migraine "is usually an intense headache on one side of the head". The "throbbing sensation" worsens when you move and can prevent you from carrying out normal activities. Migraines can also leads to nausea, vomiting, and increased sensitivity to light and sound. "Most people find that sleeping or lying in a darkened room is the best thing to do when having a migraine attack," the NHS noted. Clinical nutritionist Susie Sawyer works on behalf of Feel Alive UK.