Leeds United could join Manchester United in raiding PSV Eindhoven and 'devastating' manager Ruud van Nistelrooy this summer. The Whites have received a significant boost in their hopes to further bolster Jesse Marsch's defence as they look to seal an eventful transfer window with a splash. Erik ten Hag has identified Dutch footballer of the Year Cody Gakpo as a late option as he scrambles for attacking reinforcements less than a month before the September 1 deadline. And Van Nistelrooy would be reportedly be devastated to lose Gakpo as he enters his first season as PSV boss. However, the electric 23-year-old isn't the only PSV star who could jump ship for a Premier League switch this summer as English clubs continue to explore the Dutch Eredivisie for new players. Leeds have been handed encouragement in their pursuit of German left-back Philipp Max due to activity from reported rivals for the player, Hoffenheim. According to Fabrizio Romano, Hoffenheim are set to sign RB Leipzig's Angelino on loan with the option to buy for £17m. His arrival would end their need for a left-back, leaving the path clear for Leeds to swoop in and secure Max's services if they choose to pursue that avenue. JUST IN: Man Utd receive Marko Arnautovic transfer response from Bologna chief  Leeds have heavily backed Marsch in his first summer transfer window as manager ahead of a battle to maintain the Elland Road giants' status as a Premier League club. They avoided relegation to the Championship on the final day last season and have since lost their two most influential players in Kalvin Phillips and Raphinha. Marsch has reacted to the worrying losses by recruiting almost £100m worth of players, headlined by the £25m capture of Brenden Aaronson. Luis Sinisterra, Tyler Adams, Rasmus Kristensen, Marc Roca and Darko Gyabi have joined him in West Yorkshire, and there could be room for more incomings. READ MORE: Arnautovic 'may make Man Utd transfer request' as ace 'extremely keen'  Marsch will have been delighted with his side's opening-weekend triumph against Wolves, coming back from behind to run out 2-1 winners at Elland Road. Daniel Podence opened the scoring after just six minutes before Rodrigo equalised before half-time, and Rayan Ait-Nouri's second-half own-goal turned the game on its head. Central defender Pascal Struijk started at left-back, with Stuart Dallas and Junior Firpo absent through injury. So they could launch an attempt to lure Max to the club in the coming weeks to put the final touches on Marsch's squad for his first full season in charge.