Radio 5 Live’s Saturday schedule previously contained classified football results at 5pm, where the outcome of all major English and Scottish matches were read out in full. The corporation’s radio station had been broadcasting the results since the 1950’s, but decided to end the traction to make way for extra Premier League coverage. In a statement from the BBC, they touted “good reasons for the change” while accepting the outrage. A statement said: “We appreciate the strength of feeling towards the classified football results within Sports Report. It’s always difficult when a programme with a special history changes, but there are good reasons for the change. “With the addition of the 5.30pm live Premier League match to our coverage, Sports Report has been condensed into a shorter programme – cut from 1 hour to 25 minutes. The classifieds were taking around 5-7 minutes to read, which would have taken up around a third of the programme – constraining the range of sport we could cover. “We’d like to assure our listeners that results from across the football leagues will still be shared during the programme and through the afternoon. Results are also available in full on the BBC Sport website and during Final Score on BBC One. Having a live match at 5.30 is a great addition to the 5 Live schedule.” Footballers and fans reacted in disbelief after the BBC quietly discontinued the long-running tradition. The poet Ian McMillan said: “RIP the beautiful and profound sound poem of the classified football results on Sports Report. Now we have all lost at home.” Former Liverpool defender and broadcaster Mark Lawrenson tweeted: “Can’t believe the BBC have dropped the Reading of the Classified results on Sports Report…..Talk about an OG..!!” in response. Charles Dagnall, former first-class cricketer and freelancer commentator, added: “The classified football results are gone? What? First thing you do when getting in the car after a match!” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Princess Meghan Markle' fury as wrong title used Football Supporters’ Association chair Malcolm Clarke also urged the BBC to reconsider its decision. He said: “The classified football results on the radio have been one of the great traditions of British football. “Listening to the classified results has always been one of those beloved, shared routines for match-going fans. “This feels like yet another of football’s great traditions has gone and it is a deeply regrettable decision from the BBC – I hope they will think again.” DON'T MISS 'Brexit in football!' Super League dream 'WITHOUT the English' When will it rain in London? Rain showers could break heatwave Varadkar goads next PM and accuses Britain of ‘going back on word’ Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries also added: "Sports Report has kept listeners informed on a Saturday evening for several decades, helping football supporters across the nation to find out how their teams and rivals have fared. "While it is essential for the BBC to keep pace with technological change, losing such an institution in favour of just 'build-up' reporting strikes as the wrong decision and will be a bitter pill for fans to swallow." The Athletic reported the BBC had not received a single complaint about the end of classified results by Sunday morning. It comes as PR experts suggested the BBC are sidelining older DJs to attract a younger audience. Paul O'Grady announced he was quitting Radio 2 following a shake-up that saw him split his Sunday evening show with comic Rob Beckett. PR expert Rochelle White told MailOnline: “There will be a bit of a backlash to these changes. No one really copes well with change, do they? “I think this is all about getting rid of the old blood and bringing in the new. It looks like this is an attempt to tap into the Millennials and Gen Z, and get them on board, and they might be trying to do that by giving personalities who are popular on social media better slots. “There's also Michelle Visage from RuPaul - maybe that's just the BBC swapping out one model for a newer one. I also wonder how much of this is about the licence fee and the row that the BBC has had with the Government recently. Plus the BBC's had bad press over impartiality and so on. “Perhaps they're tying to get young people on the hook to show them why they should stick with the BBC, and then turn around to the Government and say: 'See, we're popular and we provide value for the licence fee. There's no need to change it'. Maybe there's some of that going on too.”