The Cambridges are preparing to move to Windsor from Kensington Palace in the coming months. They are thought to be relocating in order to be closer to both the Queen and Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton, who live in Bucklebury in Berkshire. But according to Hello magazine, Prince George is excited about the move for other reasons. The young royal will soon be able to enjoy his favourite outdoor pastimes much more regularly, including swimming, football and tennis. The family are expected to live in Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom cottage on the Windsor Estate. The Cambridge children will have huge amounts of space to play outside in the surrounding gardens. Windsor Great Park is also on the property's doorstep. The cottage is just a short walk from the Queen at Windsor Castle. This comes amid mounting concern over the Queen's health. She is reportedly suffering from "episodic mobility problems" and has been forced to miss a number of public engagements in recent months. The 96-year-old monarch missed the State Opening of Parliament in early May and missed the Easter Sunday Service at St George's Chapel the month before. She also chose to take a backseat during June's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William to have 'bigger privacy' away from Kensington The Cambridges are reportedly hoping to move into Adelaide Cottage this summer. This would mean that George, eight, Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Louis can start school in the local area in September. The home reportedly needs no costly renovations. According to the Sun, they will also have no live-in staff, with aides commuting to the residence. DON'T MISS: The two royals who 'came out very supportive' for Queen after loss [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [INSIGHT] Beatrice's birthday previously snubbed by Royal Family unlike Meghan's [ANALYSIS] A source told the paper that they are looking forward to "starting a new chapter in their lives together". They said: "Kate and William were very keen for a modest home to start their new lives in Windsor. "Adelaide Cottage fits the bill because it is a four-bedroom home and they do not need any more as they have no live-in staff. "They were adamant they didn’t want anything too showy or anything that needed renovating or extra security so as not to be a burden on the taxpayer. "The added bonus is they can send George, Charlotte and Louis to school together locally. "The three children will enjoy running around and playing in the gardens, which is the kind of life they enjoy so much when at Anmer Hall." The source added: "They had no other demands than a pleasant family home close to schools and the Queen. They will pay rent from their private account. "All they need to do is move in some of their treasured furniture and possessions. "The whole family is looking forward to moving in this summer and starting a new chapter in their lives together in Windsor."