In 2021, the Queen welcomed four new great-grandchildren, August Brooksbank, Lucas Tindall, Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor and Sienna Mapelli Mozzi. Like the royals who came before them though, all of the royal babies' names included subtle tributes to family members and hidden meanings.  Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank welcomed their first child, August Philip Hawke Brooksbank, on February 9, 2021. August's first name was thought to be a tribute to Queen Victoria, as both Princess Eugenie and her sister Princess Beatrice's names were linked to Victorian descendants - Princess Beatrice, Queen Victoria's youngest daughter, and her daughter Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg. Queen Victoria's husband Prince Albert held Augustus as a middle name, and Eugenie was thought to have picked the name August for her little one in tribute to him. August's middle names are tributes to both the Royal Family and the Brooksbank family. Philip is a tribute to Eugenie's grandfather Prince Philip, who died a few months after August's birth, and Hawke is a Brooksbank family name.  READ MORE: Charlotte's 'best type of uncle and auntie' but it's not the Sussexes Zara Tindall and her husband Mike Tindall welcomed their third child Lucas Philip Tindall on March 21, 2021. The name Lucas is the Latin form of the Greek name meaning "bringer of light", according to BabyCenter. Lucas' middle name is a tribute to Prince Philip too, as Zara was known to be very close to her grandfather. Philip is also the name of Mike Tindall's father.   Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex welcomed their second child Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor on June 4, 2021. Lilibet's first name is a tribute to Harry's grandmother, the Queen, whose childhood nickname was Lilibet, although the Sussexes' daughter goes by Lili. Her middle name of Diana is a tribute to Princess Diana, Harry's mother who died in a car crash in Paris in 1997. Mountbatten-Windsor is used as a surname by descendants of the Queen and Prince Philip.  DON'T MISS:Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi's son and Beatrice's step son stuns with talent [INSIGHT]Princess Beatrice makes rare comment about daughter Sienna [ANALYSIS]Princess Eugenie has £100,000 sapphire engagement ring from Jack [PICTURES] Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi welcomed their first child together, Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi, on September 18, 2021. Sienna is an Italian name which pays tribute to Edoardo's Italian heritage, and it is thought to mean reddish-brown. In this regard, Beatrice's name choice for her daughter can be seen as a tribute to both her and her mother Sarah Ferguson, as both share similar red hair. Sienna's name begins with an S, perhaps in tribute to Sarah, and the Elizabeth middle name is of course a tribute to Beatrice's beloved grandmother, the Queen. 