Lauren Goodger, 35, has been hospitalised after a 25-year-old man was arrested for reportedly assaulting her hours after the tragic funeral of her infant daughter with boyfriend Charles Drury. The incident occurred on Thursday morning. The former TOWIE star was taken to hospital with facial injuries. It came after the reality tv star organised a private family funeral for her daughter Lorena - who was pronounced dead shortly after being born last month. It allegedly took place in Upminster, Essex. A source told The Sun: “It happened after Lauren and Charlie came back from Lorena’s funeral. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury  “They had a private family ceremony on Wednesday which was not publicised. It was obviously a very emotional time. “Lauren did not drink after the funeral and was trying her best to hold it together. “She has been interviewed by the officers on Thursday and Friday. “Everyone who knows her is so upset - she was already at absolute rock bottom but it’s somehow got worse.” The man in question was quizzed by police on Thursday following his arrest. He was subsequently released on police bail on Friday morning. Big Brother star Lauren was driven to hospital by her friend for medical check-ups on that day. She returned to the hospital today for an x-ray. READ MORE... Lineker forced to delete tweet about England women following backlash [NEWS] Gary Lineker sparks fury over 'backhanded' jibe to England's Euro win [LATEST] 'Get a job!' Danny Baker blasts royal 'toff' Prince William over Euro [UPDATE] It came a mere day after Lauren posted a heartfelt tribute message to Lorena. The infant passed away minutes after her birth on July 8. She wrote on the post: “I carried you, I felt you grow,” the reality TV star posted to her stories alongside butterfly, angel and pregnancy emojis. “Longed for the day we’d meet. Dreamed of your future. Not only did I know you, I fell in love with you.” She added: “It’s weird. My body feels like it’s unsettled, like it’s missing a newborn.” The tragic passing occurred as Lorena was born with two knots in her umbilical cord which was tied around her neck. She died in spite of a strong heartbeat before Lauren’s contractions. 