Manchester United also want to sign a right-back and a forward in addition to Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. The Barcelona midfielder is Erik ten Hag’s priority target. However, the Red Devils also have other areas of their squad they’re looking to address as they bid to win a first Premier League title since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Manchester United have spent over 12 weeks pursuing De Jong. Though there have been suggestions the Barcelona star isn’t interested in a move to Old Trafford, and would prefer to join Chelsea, the Red Devils are maintaining their pursuit as they look to back Ten Hag this summer. United are refusing to walk away from a deal for the Netherlands international because they’re emboldened by the positive relationship between both Ten Hag and De Jong, who previously worked together at Ajax. And Goal say they also want to make a right-back and forward their fifth and sixth signings of the summer if and when they’re able to get a deal for their main target over the line. United, back in 2019, spent £50million on Aaron Wan-Bissaka after choosing him from a list consisting of 804 players. He did well enough during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s first two years in the dugout, often being a regular fixture in the Norwegian’s starting XI. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Yet Wan-Bissaka has failed to kick on throughout his spell at Old Trafford and is now deemed surplus to requirements, having fallen behind Diogo Dalot. Brandon Williams was another who Solskjaer often championed, with the former United boss believing the youngster could develop into an important player. But the Red Devils are open to letting the 21-year-old go, despite the versatile full-back impressing at Norwich City last term. Wan-Bissaka and Williams aren’t the only right-backs who could be offloaded before the transfer window shuts on September 1. It’s also looking increasingly likely Ethan Laird will be loaned out, with the 21-year-old poised to join Watford until the end of the campaign. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Links to right-backs have gone cold in recent days. But United were tipped to pursue Denzel Dumfries at the start of the summer, with the Netherlands international’s future at Inter Milan currently up in the air. And Norwich star Max Aarons was also linked earlier in the window, too. Regarding a new forward, United need to add to their options in that department having lost Edinson Cavani - while Mason Greenwood’s future remains unclear. Ajax star Antony has been linked throughout the course of the transfer window, with Ten Hag a big admirer of the Brazil international. Yet with the reigning Eredivisie giants reluctant to lose another big name, having seen Lisandro Martinez, Noussair Mazraoui, Ryan Gravenberch and Sebastien Haller all jump ship, the Samba star looks increasingly set to stay put. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United are in the mix to land Benjamin Sesko, who Red Bull salzburg think could go on to become even better than Erling Haaland. However, Real Madrid and Liverpool have also emerged as potential suitors for the striker - and both are able to offer him Champions League football. Who United are able to add to their squad before the transfer window slams shut in less a month remains to be seen. But Ten Hag has warned supporters the Red Devils will only sign more players if they’re the ‘right’ ones for the club. "It would be a good situation,” he said when asked if he would have expected the bulk of the club’s business to be done by now. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “But I have a squad and I'm happy with the current squad. We make good progress, I'm happy with the signings until now. "You don't need any player, you need the right player, that's what we're working for. If it's not the right player, no (we would not sign another player). We need the right players. "We said it before, the squad is still searching to strengthen the squad." And, on De Jong specifically, he added: "We want Frenkie? "It's about the right players and I cannot give comments on a player under contract at another club. "You work with the current squad and develop players in your current squad. In this moment we have players in that position and perform really well." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here