Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) general secretary Mick Lynch has made headlines for his debates and interviews as the UK sees the largest rail strikes in 30 years. RMT workers across the country have been walking out over pay, conditions and job disputes. Mr Lynch has now hit out at the Duke of Westminster, who “owns everything”, but remains “anonymous”. The 31-year-old Duke of Westminster, Hugh Grosvenor — known by the nickname “Hughie” — has been described as owning “half of London”, with the young aristocrat laying claim to 50 percent of Mayfair. In fact, the 7th Duke of Westminster owns more of Britain than the Queen, and has a net wealth of £10.5billion. At one point, he was the world’s richest person under 30. In an interview with James O’Brien on LBC’s Full Disclosure podcast, Mr Lynch described the Duke of Westminster as part of Britain’s “ruling class”. He compared the Grosvenor Group owner to the likes of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, who is reportedly worth $160.6 billion (£131.46 billion), and SpaceX founder Elon Musk, himself believed to be worth $271.2 billion (£221.99 billion).   However, the 60-year-old trade unionist said there is a distinction between the British “ruling class” and those from across the pond. Unlike Musk and Bezos, who are household names respectively, Mr Lynch said the likes of the Duke of Westminster “do not always want to be known”. Speaking from the LBC studio in Leicester Square, London, Lynch said: “People get very frightened of this term class, there’s a ruling class and a working class. “There are people that own the means of production in any society. I mean, Jeff Bezos isn’t some benign character, Elon Musk and all the ones over here that manage to keep themselves more anonymous than these people. “That’s the style of the British ruling class: they don’t always want to be known. But the Duke of Westminster who owns all of the property we’re sitting in right now, one of the richest men on the planet, doesn’t want to go around being famous. “But they do own everything and we have to go to work, [addressing journalist James O’Brien] including this environment, your work. “And we don’t own this means of production, we serve it and we get a wage or an income from it, but they own it and can control it and can deploy it in any which way they want.” READ MORE: Train strikes August: Are there rail strikes in August? Full list Lynch credits The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropists, Robert Tressell’s semi-autobiographical work, thought of as a working-class literature classic, with influencing his “reformist” stance. He continued: “I’m not frightened of that because that’s just been explained to me and I’ve learned it - I read The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropists when I was very young and that seems like perfect common sense… “I’m not an anarchist. I actually believe in labour movement values that we organise people and educate them and move them on through continued reform. “I get accused of being a reformist and I think 'yeah well that’s why I am, you can’t blame me for what I am'.” DON'T MISS: Russia panics as ex-Putin ally suddenly taken ill after leaving Moscow [REPORT]Biden claims 'justice delivered' as US airstrike kills Al Qaeda leader [ANALYSIS] Face the facts! Fury erupts as EU throws Dublin under the bus [INSIGHT]  The Duke of Westminster was handed his staggering inheritance in 2016 after his father Major General Gerald Grosvenor, the 6th Duke of Westminster, died after a heart attack. The Grosvenors staggering wealth saw them land 12th place on the Sunday Times Rich List last year. The family owns 300 acres of London’s most expensive areas — 100 acres of Mayfair and 200 of Belgravia with some of their addresses including Eaton Square, Grosvenor Square, and Elizabeth Street.   