Chelsea are closing in on the signatures of Leicester centre-back Wesley Fofana and Barcelona striker Pierre Emerick Aubameyang however this will have some of their current stars looking over their shoulders fearing for their own futures. Should Thomas Tuchel manage to get the deals over the line they are likely to move on some of their out-of-favour players in order to balance the books. Express Sport looks at the Chelsea stars who could find themselves looking for new clubs should Fofana and Aubameyang arrive. The American winger has regularly found himself sat on the Chelsea bench so far this season, with Tuchel preferring Raheem Sterling, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz as his attacking trio. The former Borussia Dortmund star is likely to fall even further down the Stamford Bridge pecking order should Aubameyang arrive and is likely to be moved on, at least on loan. The 23-year-old will not be short of suitors and was believed to be a target for Manchester United before they focused their attention on Antony. The Albanian forward impressed in spells at Southampton last season but has not been given the opportunity to replicate the form for the Blues this season. His future at the club looks bleak as he has not been able to break into the line-up despite performances suggesting they badly lack an out-and-out striker. His opportunities are likely to completely dry up should the Gabon captain arrive and he is expected to leave the club. Teams from across the Premier League, including West Ham and Everton, are believed to be interested in his signature either permanently or on loan. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo gives BT Sport presenter Jamie Carragher treatment After spending the summer trying to address the dearth of options the club had in defence Chelsea now look to have a surplus once Fofana arrives. Chalobah could therefore be set to leave the club on loan with Tuchel hoping to get the Englishman more match experience. However, a loan move may not be well received by the 23-year-old given he has spent most of the past year just on the cusp of the first team. However, he may take solace from the clubs he has been linked with. An exciting move to the Serie A with either AC Milan or Inter Milan has been mooted giving the defender the chance to play at one of Europe’s biggest clubs. Fofana’s arrival could spell the end of Ethan Ampadu’s Chelsea career. The Welshman has spent the past three seasons away on loan, sliding slowly down the footballing hierarchy with moves to RB Leipzig, then Sheffield United and representing Venezia last season. He has made the bench on occasions this season but now looks set to depart with a the likes of Middlesborough willing to take him on loan, a clear sign that he is unlikely to ever break into the Chelsea first team. DON'T MISS...Chelsea facing 'uphill battle' to get £102m transfer over the linePierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Chelsea 'stalling' due to one issueChelsea fired Anthony Gordon warning by Frank Lampard after Fofana Chelsea’s Champions League-winning hero could find his minutes limited if Aubameyang arrives. The German is currently Tuchel’s favoured option for the No 9 role but this is highly likely to change if the Barcelona man arrives. Havertz will not be happy with a position on the bench - but he is unlikely to dislodge Mount and Sterling from the first-choice supporting roles. A reduction of minutes will be particularly worrying to the player given the World Cup later this year as it will put his starting position in the national team at risk.