Chelsea will look to build the momentum from their 2-1 win against Leicester City at the weekend when they travel to Southampton on Tuesday night. Thomas Tuchel is still missing players through injury and suspension, while others are back but not fully fit. Express Sport looks at how Chelsea could line up against Southampton, including one change. Edouard Mendy hasn't looked the most assured in recent weeks, but he will continue as Tuchel's first-choice goalkeeper. Kepa Arrizabalaga has been told to stay at Chelsea and fight for his place, but he may have to wait a little longer for his chance. Kalidou Koulibaly missed the triumph over Leicester City through suspension after his dismissal in the 3-0 defeat at Leeds United. But Tuchel has confirmed the Senegalese centre-half will return to the starting fold at St. Mary's. He opted for a pairing of Trevoh Chalobah and Thiago Silva against the Foxes last time out, and both could start again as part of a back three. Chalobah is now set to stay at Chelsea beyond the summer transfer deadline. JUST IN: Brereton Diaz deal 'will get done' amid Newcastle and Everton links Conor Gallagher won't feature at Southampton after his early red card against Leicester. Expect Reece James and Marc Cucurella to start as Tuchel's wing-backs, with Ruben Loftus-Cheek partnering Jorginho in central midfielder. Mateo Kovacic returned to action from the bench on Saturday, but it's likely too early for him to be thrown back into the starting lineup. N'Golo Kante remains sidelined with a hamstring injury, while it would be bold to hand Carney Chukwuemeka his first start away from home under the lights. READ MORE: Man Utd 'agree' sixth summer transfer as Erik ten Hag finds solution  Tuchel has stayed loyal to his first-choice front three so far this season, featuring Mason Mount and Raheem Sterling on either side of Kai Havertz. And he's set to continue with the trio until he bolsters his ranks with a new signing in the final days of the window - whether it be Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Anthony Gordon or another player. Sterling found his scoring touch for the Blues against Leicester, netting both goals to win the game, and he'll be hungry for more on the south coast. Predicted Chelsea XI: Mendy; Chalobah, Thiago Silva, Koulibaly; James, Loftus-Cheek, Jorginho, Cucurella; Mount, Sterling, Havertz. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here