The Duchess of Sussex's long-awaited Spotify podcast was released on Tuesday, with the first episode featuring tennis legend and friend of the Duchess, Serena Williams. The project with the streaming service was announced back in 2020.  Coinciding with the podcast launch, the Duke and Duchess's official Archewell website has been remodelled to promote the release. The new collaboration with the streaming giant now takes pride of place on the webpage, alongside a black-and-white picture of Meghan. Just beneath a link to the 'Archetypes' podcast, a call of action greets visitors to the site beneath the Duchess's new project. It reads: "On Archetypes, you’ve listened to others tell their stories — now, Archewell Foundation is encouraging you to share your experience with archetypes, learn how they impact our lives, and take action."  The site then links to charities and organisations affiliated with the brand, with information on how to donate or become involved in their work. The 'Archetypes' podcast, hosted by Meghan, is the first product of the audio branch of the couple's Archewell brand. Promotional material ahead of the podcast launch described how it would aim to investigate the "labels that try to hold women back". In a teaser clip, Meghan added: "I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives." READ MORE: Meghan's 'negative connotation for ambition' comment in podcast  She continued: "And I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." Speaking with Serena Williams in the first episode, the pair discuss topics ranging from motherhood to the connotations of ambition in women, compared with men. The episode is entitled, "The Misconception of Ambition". In the episode, Meghan recounts an incident during hers and Prince Harry's trip to South Africa back in 2019. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Couldn't make it up! Meghan hit with backlash [LIVE] Poll result: Harry and Meghan ‘not welcome’ to return to UK [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should taxpayers fund William and Kate's renovations? [POLL]   The couple had brought their son, Archie, who was a newborn at the time, on the tour. She revealed on the podcast that young Archie's bedroom had caught on fire as the Duke and Duchess were away on a royal engagement nearby. She recalled: "The moment we landed, we had to drop [Archie] off at this housing unit that they had had us staying in. He was going to get ready to go down for his nap. "We immediately went to an official engagement in this township called Nyanga, and there was this moment where I'm standing on a tree stump and I'm giving this speech to women and girls." She added: "We finish the engagement, we get in the car and they say, 'There's been a fire at the residence. There's been a fire in the baby's room'. "We get back, and our amazing nanny Lauren is in floods of tears. She was supposed to put Archie down for his nap and she just said: 'You know what? Let me just go get a snack downstairs.'" She added: "In that amount of time that she went downstairs, the heater in the nursery caught on fire. "There was no smoke detector. Someone happened to just smell smoke down the hallway, went in, fire extinguished. He was supposed to be sleeping in there." 