While chauffeurs will happily drive the Queen and other royals wherever they want to go, the Royal Family has an impressive collection of cars at their disposal. Express.co.uk takes a closer look at the cars the royals drive, including Prince Charles, the Queen and the late Prince Philip. Prince Charles was gifted an Aston Martin by the Queen to mark his 21st birthday, and he was spotted this summer driving the same car into the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony. Prince Charles once spoke to the BBC last year about the eco-modifications he made to his "old Aston Martin" of more than 50 years. He explained: “It runs on - can you believe this - surplus English white wine and whey from the cheese process.” READ MORE: Meghan & Harry’s Jubilee body language gave away their true ‘focus’  The Queen is mostly driven from place to place, but she has been known to get behind the wheel on occasion. A Range Rover has been the monarch's vehicle of choice when attending events like the Royal Windsor Horse Show in recent years. Fascinatingly, the Queen is the only person in the UK who does not require a driving licence to take to the roads, as licences are issued in her name.  The late Prince Philip was famed for his love of Land Rovers, and he frequently arrived at country events in them. Upon his death in 2021, a custom-built Land Rover was revealed which transported the Duke's coffin to St George's Chapel for his funeral. In total, 16 years of planning went into the bespoke hearse, and it was painted a military green colour. DON'T MISS:Prince Charles doubts over being King - Royal heir ‘anxious’ [INSIGHT]Queen will not step down as she faces two 'equally odious' options [ANALYSIS]Royal Family has 'done what they can to reduce carbon footprint' [EXPERT]  To the delight of royal fans, William had the use of a Ford Focus while learning to drive. He was later spotted driving a Volkswagen Golf, the same brand Kate Middleton was seen driving in her 20s. William has also been spotted driving an Audi before as well as a Range Rover when departing St Mary's Hospital following the birth of Prince George in 2013. 