On the other hand Liz Truss ("Liz: I'll deliver on the things that matter to Express readers", August 10) was straightforward, honest and showed a much clearer understanding of the problems that the nation faces during these challenging times. Well done the Daily Express for getting behind Liz Truss for Prime Minister ("In Liz we trust", August 10), says Roy Daniels from Luton, Beds. Like Boris, Liz is a patriot and an optimist, committed to celebrating our leaving the EU and exploiting our post-Brexit economy, not looking over our shoulder to see if it approves. She must appoint a Cabinet sharing her optimism, starting with Penny Mordaunt, Ben Wallace and Kemi Badenoch. Then dump Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey who like his pessimistic predecessor who spent his time forecasting post-Brexit catastrophe, spends his time talking our economy into recession. Time for Rishi to concede and let Liz get on with it. As chancellor, Rishi Sunak made two serious mistakes which he did not correct when he realised inflation was going to be so high, says Veronica Hall from Potters Bar, Herts. Those mistakes have seen millions suffer because of his secret yearning to be PM and his lack of financial foresight. His first mistake was removing the pensioners' triple lock and the second was to freeze the tax allowance until 2026. Rishi Sunak is now saying he will give support to those who need it. ("Rishi makes pledge to help out families", August 9), says Keith Woods from Manchester. Another U-turn. He needs to understand that just saying he will give support is not what people want to hear. What they want to hear is that they will be given "enough" support. EVER since all those Tory MPs panicked and started the process that led to the downfall of Boris Johnson, this country has lacked a credible government ("Can we have Boris back? Truss and Sunak are awful", Letters, August 9), says Dave Austin from Chalfont St Peter, Bucks. The public will not forget and the loss of the Tory majority and a hung Parliament are inevitable. I do hope all those MPs will reflect on their behaviour as they collect their P45s after the next election.