Paddy McGuinness has referenced his ex-wife Christine publicly for the first time since they announced they were divorcing. The Top Gear star said Christine, 34, and their three children had given him “an hour off” on his birthday. Paddy was celebrating his 49th birthday, and performed the same number of press ups to his 2million Instagram followers. He wrote in the caption: “49 for 49 and feeling fine! Happy Birthday to all my fellow Leo’s!!!! … Hope y’all have a wonderful Birthday. “Did I mention it’s my birthday today? Get on that @keithlemon”. In the video, where he can be seen huffing and puffing, he said: “It’s my birthday. Oh, yes! And what better way to celebrate, than by doing some press ups… on my own? "To be honest I can think of better ways to celebrate, but to be fair, Christine and the kids have given me an hour off, to do a little bit of birthday training." It comes amid his split from Christine after 11 years of marriage, which they announced with a public statement. The former couple share twins Leo and Penelope, nine, and Felicity, five, all three of whom have been diagnosed with autism, as has Christine. They wrote: “We hadn't planned on sharing this publicly until we were ready but after the lack of privacy surrounding our personal life, we felt we were left with no other option. "A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus is always to continue loving and supporting our children. "This was not an easy decision to make but we're moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children." It continued: "We'll always be a loving family, we still have a great relationship and still live happily in our family home together. "We hope this now draws a line under anymore unwanted and unnecessary intrusion into our private life." DON'T MISS...Brad Pitt's daughter Shiloh's early desire to live as a boy unearthed [INSIGHT] Tyra Banks, 48, shows off curves in crop top and skintight leggings [PICTURES] Jennifer Aniston, 53, shows off incredible figure in white bikini [LATEST] Christine later told The Sun on Sunday: "I don't want to go into it too much, but I will just say that I didn't cause this situation "You've got to expect it when you've been together for so long. "Everyone grows and changes, and we've grown as a family, which is amazing. That family bond will always be there, no matter what." Just weeks after the split, Christine made the heartbreaking announcement her beloved nan had died, and admitted she was “exhausted”. “I'm just needing time out, thinking lots, life is short, unpredictable and sometimes crazy,” she penned on Instagram. “My Nan, the one with the words of wisdom, she joined grandad in heaven last week and it's hit me harder than I ever imagined,” Christine added, alongside a broken heart emoji. “Anyway, life is crazy, we're half way through the school summer holidays again, if you know… you know! “I'm slightly exhausted, but happy, healthy and grateful for life,” the star signed off.