The Sandman will be launching tomorrow (Friday, August 5) worldwide on Netflix. British actor Tom Sturridge leads the cast of the drama as the titular character, who is described as the ‘master of dreams’. Some viewers may be curious about some of the other actors and characters in the show including The Corinthian, who is played by Narcos actor Boyd Holbrook. The Sandman follows the title character Dream on his many adventures in which he encounters both friends and foes. Dream shapes all our fantasies and deepest fears within his realm known as Dreaming, but he is unexpectedly locked up for a century. During his imprisonment, both the world of Dreaming and waking are changed forever. Upon finding his freedom, Dream has to right the wrongs in these worlds during his absence. READ MORE: The Sandman release time: What time is it on Netflix? The Corinthian is described as: “An escaped nightmare who wishes to taste all that the world has in store.” In DC Comics, Dream created The Corinthian, who is said to always loathe the boundaries between Dreaming and waking. The Corinthian tries at any possible opportunity to escape these confines and go rogue. From the source material, The Corinthian escapes into the world of waking and causes chaos, plotting to murder a man. Dream has to take back control and take on The Corinthian, ultimately unmaking him and reshaping him later in the comics. From the show’s trailer, The Corinthian will be the main antagonist and villain of the series as Dream seeks him out in the waking. The Corinthian says: “He is out there looking for me, isn’t he?” While Dream is warned about the amount of damage The Corinthian could do if he is left unchecked. There are also fears The Corinthian could destroy the world of the living with the possibility of dreams disappearing as well as humanity itself. Speaking about shifting The Corinthian’s focus from the comics to the show, writer Neil Gaiman said: “It was incredibly liberating to be able to look at everything in Sandman from a perspective of now, and getting to ask, ‘Well, if I was beginning writing this story now, would I still do that?’ Which was just freeing. We were able to give a new sense of balance to the characters, I think.” While showrunner said: “From the very first pitch, Neil was already thinking about ways to make the show as inclusive as possible. “The Sandman comics were leagues ahead of everybody in the late ‘80s in terms of the depiction of women, race, sexuality, and gender. “Neil was talking about all of those issues long before anybody else was, especially in a medium like comics. But in creating The Sandman for 2022, we knew we wanted to expand the world and make some changes.” DON'T MISS...The Sandman release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it on Netflix? [INSIGHT]Will Lucifer star Tom Ellis feature in Netflix's The Sandman? [ANALYSIS]Lucifer: Why was Lucifer recast in The Sandman adaptation? [EXPLAINER]  The American actor and model has starred in a number of films and TV shows including Logan, Gone Girl, The Predator, and The Host. Along with The Sandman, his TV credits include The Fugitive, Hatfield & McCoys, and The Big C, as well as playing DEA agent Steve Murphy in the aforementioned Narcos. According to IMDb, he will next be starring in TV shows Executioner and the Justified spin-off series Justified: City Primeval, the latter of which is filming at the moment. Additionally, Holbrook is part of the upcoming Untitled Indiana Jones project which is in post-production as well as featuring in the upcoming The Thirst. The Sandman is released on Netflix tomorrow