A former top 20 player has joked about being “salty” after she narrowly missed making it into the draw of next week’s Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati. Daria Saville was the first alternate but opted to play an ITF tournament when she failed to get into the draw, only to find out that Bianca Andreescu had pulled out shortly after the deadline that would have allowed her to compete. Saville took to Twitter after former world No 4 Andreescu withdrew from next week’s WTA 1000 in Cincinnati over a “change of schedule”. The current world No 73 was the tournament’s first alternate and was next in line to earn direct entry into the draw from a withdrawal, but lost her chance when qualifying began, with any free spots going to lucky losers instead of alternates. “I am not even salty… but yea happens all the time,” the former world No 20 tweeted in response to the WTA’s announcement of Andreescu’s withdrawal. Saville then explained why she felt hard done by the Canadian’s late decision when asked if she would have gone in had the announcement come two days earlier. “If anyone from main draw pulls out before qualifying matches start then players from the alternate list get in,” the Aussie replied, adding a smiling-crying emoji. “Matches started today at 10 so had to be just before then. And I was first alternate.” JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios responds as footage emerges showing Medvedev heckled  The 28-year-old was then forced to hit back when she was told her tweet was “not cool” to Andreescu, noting that the timing of the 2019 US Open champion’s withdrawal is what had frustrated her. Saville replied: “It’s just the timing. If Bianca made the decision a few hours earlier then I would have been in. “Bibi used her protected ranking to get in main draw. It’s just unlucky for me.. the cut was crazy strong. and yes being top 30 would have solved the problem lol.” Saville later appeared to play down the debacle as she put her focus on the ITF tournament she is playing next week. DON'T MISS Raducanu and Osaka inspire new drama from Line Of Duty producersNadal fans raise US Open injury fears after Cincinnati training regimeDaniil Medvedev caught in confrontation with fan after 'loser' chants  Taking to Twitter again, the 2017 Connecticut Open champion wrote: “It’s ok. I’m playing in the Bronx babyyyyy.” The Bronx tournament is a W60-level ITF event, leagues below the WTA 1000 taking place in Cincinnati next week.  Saville is still climbing back up the rankings after spending a year away from the tour to recover from surgery on her achilles tendon. She has already enjoyed success at WTA 1000 level this year, earning a top 10 win over Ons Jabeur in Indian Wells and becoming the lowest-ranked WTA player in history to reach the quarter-finals at the Miami Open. 