As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, many people will be looking at ways to save some extra cash. Experts are urging Britons to turn on their heating now in a bid to save money. Ofgem has warned that households face a "very challenging winter" as energy bills could hit over £3,000 this October, so any extra cash could be vital for families on low incomes, who are feeling the squeeze. While it may seem counterintuitive, experts have stated that turning on the boiler in summer could actually save money in the long term. Leaving a boiler off for months at a time could leave people with hefty repair bills in months to come, according to specialists at Boiler Central. As a result, turning off boilers for extended periods of time could result in it seizing up and the hot water stopping. READ MORE: 'Fits right in with my lifestyle' Mum shares simple way she can make up to £800 each month "This will affect appliances such as your central heating, hot water for your mains shower, and some washing machines that can take hot water from the boiler. “In the worst-case scenario, parts may need to be replaced, which will cost both time and money – especially if you need to hire a central heating specialist for the job.” This will make it less likely to develop a fault that will require costly repairs by the time autumn comes around. For Britons using their boiler for water, combi boilers can be left on over the summer and do not use any gas unless hot water is needed. READ MORE: Dragons' Den rejects told investment would 'go down the drain' now make £500,000 a year In order to make sure people are saving money and energy, individuals should set it to provide hot water when their household is most likely to need it — or turn it on an hour before they expect to need it. People should check if their boiler has a 'summer mode' and a 'winter mode'. These are usually found on combi boilers. The summer mode limits fuel wastage by only heating water a few times throughout the day rather than shutting completely off. This can help to keep the cost of energy bills down and help to reduce their carbon footprint. Boilers need regular maintenance. This is particularly true if the boiler is old and people rely on it for hot water. If someone leaves their boiler on the side lines for over the summer, they risk ruining the pipes through corrosion and lack of use. Therefore, people should have it serviced during the summer months — ideally between July and September. Energy consultancy Cornwall Insight forecast that the energy price cap would hit £3,359 per year from October for the average household, and not fall below that level until at least the end of next year. The price cap on energy bills, which regulates what 24 million British households pay, will hit £3,616 from January and rise further to £3,729 from April, it said.