Hammonds Furniture analysed search data to find the most popular houseplants as well as which ones are the most difficult to care for. The experts also shared top tips on looking after plants, including the peace lily, which needs a “particular set up” to thrive. Peace lilies are known for their gorgeous glossy leaves and white flowers. They can be quite fussy and can suffer quite quickly if they are not cared for properly. The experts said: “When it comes to humidity, the peace lily needs a particular set up. “They should be kept away from cold draughts, and will do best in a humid room.” READ MORE: Homes Under the Hammer buyers revive period home for under £7k This means the bathroom or kitchen is ideal for them. Hammonds Furniture experts added: “However, you can place your peace lily on display elsewhere in your home and mist the plant every few days. “This will mimic their environment.” Misting can also help to avoid overwatering the plant, one of the biggest issues when it comes to houseplant care. DON'T MISS:‘Wow factor’ flowers to plant in August [EXPLAINER]Home improvements which won’t add value to your property [COMMENT]How to make natural ‘homemade’ oven degreaser for 50p [EXPERT] When it comes to watering, the experts recommended watering a peace lily weekly. However, owners should be sure to check the soil before watering. The experts said: “If your peace lily is wilting, you most likely need to water the plant as this is a sign of dehydration. “However, if the plant is drooping and its leaves are yellow, hold back on the watering as your plant has been overwatered and needs a break. READ MORE: Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant “Any dry flowers or scorched leaves indicates that your plant is suffering from having too much sunlight and needs to be moved to a shadier spot in the house.” Hammonds also spoke to Samantha Jones, Gardening and Plant Expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk for tips on how to care for houseplants. She said: “Bringing plants into your home can be beneficial to freshen up the atmosphere. “Aside from being visually appealing and improving the aesthetics of your home, plants have a calming effect on us. “Overall, the care of your plant is essential, so it’s vital to make sure you give it the correct care.” Although each houseplant will have different needs, Samantha shared “essential” tips to follow. She explained: “Keep your potting soil moist, the soil must neither be too wet nor too dry. “Make sure that the plant pot has drainage holes in the bottom so your plant is never sat in water. “Place your plant near a light source, whether natural or artificial. “Finally, if you are new to gardening, you should try to stick to low maintenance plants such as aloe or monstera.”