Another heatwave is engulfing most of the UK, which means plenty of time outdoors enjoying the glorious summer weather. However, outdoor experts at GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk are warning Britons to be cautious about the risk of bites and stings from various bugs and insects. A spokesperson for the company said: "It’s reported that this summer’s hot and dry weather will bring an invasion of wasps to the UK, with Brits being warned about nasty bites and stings over the heatwave. "Most Brits will suffer a wasp, spider or mosquito attack at some point in their lives, but the risk of being bitten or stung is particularly high as another heatwave looms. "It’s important to keep in mind that insects will only bite when agitated or when they feel threatened, so it’s best to remain calm and still. "But if you are bitten or stung this summer it’s good to have some foolproof home remedies to hand to soothe painful injuries." READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour In some cases, such as with wasps, the resulting sting can be painful. Bites, on the other hand, may not necessarily be painful but they can become itchy and irritated. However, GardenBuildingsDirect say there are some at-home remedies you can try out to ease any irritation. They added: “Always remember that if the pain and swelling doesn’t let up and the wound is showing signs of infection, see a medical professional as soon as possible.” The experts claim ice is a "great remedy" for soothing bites and stings, as the cold helps to diminish the itch, or reduce inflammation and swelling. As a result, ice can hep to ease the overall pain. The spokesperson said: "Place crushed ice into a small sandwich bag, wrap in a towel and place over the affected area until the skin feels less irritated." Aloe vera gel is a multi-purpose, plant-based agent which is naturally soothing and moisturising to the skin. Aloe vera also holes anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties. The experts said: "Putting a small amount of gel onto the bite or sting can help reduce the level of swelling and prevent the skin from becoming infected." Honey helps combat inflammation and can reduce swelling, and the natural antibacterial qualities help to prevent infection and increase the speed of healing. The spokesperson explained: "Spread a small amount on the sting, preferably indoors so the smell doesn’t attract more wasps and bees." Witch Hazel is a remedy which poses anti-inflammatory properties. It can also reduce the sensation of itching, making it perfect to combat ant bites. Using a cotton swab, dab a small amount of the solution onto the sore area and, after a few minutes, rinse off with water. The experts said: "This will reduce swelling and take the sting out of insect bites." Sugar is said to be best used once the sting is almost healed. GardenBuildingsDirect's spokesperson said: "This will make any scarring that is left almost vanish. "Dab water on the affected area, then cover with sugar and leave for a long period of time. "But keep note to wash off before sleeping and do not leave overnight as insects are attracted to sugar." DON'T MISSPrincess Diana timeline: How Princess' relationship with Charles ended [INSIGHT]'Go-to' Mosquito repellents: 5 expert tricks to naturally deter [EXPLAINER]How to get rid of mosquitos during heatwave using common oil [COMMENT] Garden Buildings Direct said: "A popular choice amongst doctors, aspirin will eliminate the toxins that are present in the affected area, reducing the level of inflammation and healing the bite faster. "It also contains acetylsalicylic acid which relieves pain." To use, simply crush two tablets with water to make a thick paste, apply to the area for a couple of minutes and wash off. The experts added: "This is an almost fool-proof way to get rid of the irritating itching sensation." Papaya might not be the first thing you think of after a sting, but the enzymes this fruit contains can reduce the level of inflammation and counteract the effect of the venom. Simply cut a fresh slice of papaya and place over the bitten skin. The spokesperson said: "It’s important to ensure the fruit is still moist for maximum benefit. Replace when dried out and repeat until the skin is less inflamed." Clay is often used in facemasks because of its ability to clean the skin of dirt. However, this absorber and treatment has been used for thousands of years, as our skin can easily absorb the trace minerals found in clay. The experts said: "This therefore makes it a great product for removing toxins out of a bite or sting. For an almost instant relief from pain and itchiness, just mix some clay with water to produce a fine paste and cover the bites with this mixture."