  The One Show’s Alex Jones has given some insight into her holiday with her family, as she showed two of her young children saying goodbye to their beautiful vacation spot. The BBC star sparked concern last week, admitting she had been having a “tricky time” in view of her 339,000 Instagram followers.     Alex, 45, posted a video of her two sons Teddy and Kit waving goodbye to their dreamy-looking holiday destination today. “The end of a special week,” she captioned the clip, which showed a large hotel with several pools overlooking the ocean. “Bye-bye,” her two little ones could be heard saying as the family prepared to head home. Alex sparked concern last week with an Instagram post detailing the “tricky time” her family had been experiencing lately. READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday   Last Tuesday, she wrote: “Things have been a bit tricky for us recently and in all honesty, I haven’t had time to be on here between working and the children. “But I randomly logged on and saw all your lovely messages gently asking if we were all ok. “I was touched by your kindness and so I just wanted to check in and say thank you. “And that even though life has been a bit challenging, we are ok and still managing to enjoy the beginning of the holidays and there’s still plenty to smile about!      “(I’ll pop some stuff on my stories),” the presenter promised her worried fans. Alex signed off with the poignant hashtags: “#whenlifegivesyoulemons #thekindnessofstrangers." She posted the words next to a painting of a lemon, in reference to the old adage: “When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.” Alex’s concerned fans and friends took to the comments section to offer the presenter her support. READ MORE... Frank Sinatra 'convinced' Marilyn Monroe was 'murdered' [INSIGHT] John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [THROWBACK] Demi Rose bares all as she reclines topless narrowly covering modesty [PIC]      Good Morning Britain star Charlotte Hawkins replied: “Hope all OK, sending love”. Izzy Judd added: “Sending love xxxx”. Maureneanna wrote: “Alex you have three young children! “Be kind to yourself and your other half. You come first, only do IG etc when you feel like it. They grow up so quickly”.      Clare echoed: “Sad to hear you’ve had to face some challenges. Sending you and your family lots of love.” (sic) Alex has been enjoying a break from The One Show since July 27, when she announced she would not be returning until August 22. The star has been married to insurance broker Charlie Thompson since 2015, and they share three children together. Their children are Teddy, five, Kit, three, and baby Annie, 10 months.   