Beth Mead was named the Euro 2022’s best player following the Lionesses’ stunning victory last night at Wembley stadium when football was finally “brought home”. She was awarded the Golden Boot after becoming the tournament’s top scorer. Mead is signed to Arsenal as a forward, and previously played alongside her then partner, Danielle Van de Donk, who now plays for French side Lyon. During a 2019 match, when the pair were both on the field, matters became heated. Arsenal were 2-0 up when Mead was brought to the ground following a “dreadful challenge” by then-Everton midfielder Abbey-Leigh Stringer. The BBC commentators described it as a “badly timed, high challenge” which could have led to an injury. Van de Donk runs over and shoves the referee, demanding Stringer receive a yellow card, while Mead can be seen writhing on the floor. The referee then hands Stringer a yellow card before also doling one out to “competitive” Van de Donk who continues to complain. One of the commentators said: “I think she’s lucky now to get just a yellow actually,” while the other noted: “She’s a top-level national team player, she should know a bit better to be fair. “There’s no reason at all in a match, whatever match you’re playing, that you put hands on the officials.” Mead — who made her debut for the senior England women's national football team the previous year — then limps off the pitch. Arsenal came out triumphant, beating Everton 3-1, but Mead was left with a badly bruised leg. That year, prior to playing Bristol City, Mead spoke about the Rainbow Laces, a Stonewall campaign that hopes to bring visibility to LGBTQ+ people in sport. READ MORE: Inside England's post-Euro 2022 party plans    The 27-year-old also spoke of how she thought being transparent about her and Van de Donk’s relationship was important. She said: “I think if players like me and Danielle can make people feel more comfortable and proud of who they are, then that’s a good thing. I think it creates an environment for people to be able to talk and speak out about who they are, regardless of what anybody else thinks. “It’s a great campaign that can help boys and girls to be open to who they are as people.” Although Mead is now reportedly single, she dated fellow Arsenal teammate Van de Donk up until recently. The “Gunners power couple” lived together during the pandemic, but are believed to have since gone their separate ways. DON'T MISS: BBC forced to apologise for Jill Scott reaction in England Euro 2022 [INSIGHT]Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea double deal, Man Utd's De Jong message [BREAKING] Max Verstappen interrupts George Russell interview after Mercedes pole [VIDEO]    Following last night’s match, Mead told BBC Sport: "Sometimes football puts you down, but bouncing back is the best way. “I'm speechless, I can't take it all in... I'm in shock. I've had a good cry with my mum and dad. I am so proud of this team, I love this team and I love this country!" A staggering 87,192 people turned out to watch England’s Women’s team “bring football home” last night — breaking the attendance record for both a men’s and women’s Euros game. Prince William was one of the thousands who flocked to Wembley and later took to Twitter to congratulate Mead and her teammates. He wrote: “Sensational. An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations! W” William was not the only Royal to praise the Lionesses’ triumph. The Queen also released a statement, part of which read: “You have all set an example that will be an inspiration for girls and women today, and for future generations.”   