 Emmerdale's Vinny Dingle (played by Bradley Johnson) has not twigged onto the fact his mother-in-law Sandra Flaherty (Joanne Mitchell) wants to tear him and Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) apart so she can have her daughter to herself. Will Sandra succeed in upcoming scenes after she frames Vinny for spiking Gabby Thomas' (Rosie Bentham) drink during a night out?   The drama unfolds when Sandra plants another seed of doubt in Liv’s mind as she continues to push Vinny and Gabby ever closer. However, Sandra is left feeling annoyed when Liv shows no signs of jealousy in the face of their banter. So a conniving Sandra attempts to ply Gabby and Vinny with alcoholic drinks. Vinny is extremely embarrassed when Sandra starts going into great detail about her love life as he did not want to hear about it. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview  Sandra hopes Vinny will crack when she discusses Liv's asexuality with him, but it looks like nothing she will say will tear the newlyweds apart. Perhaps Sandra will sink even lower and try to turn Liv against Vinny in another way. The next time Vinny and Gabby meet up for drinks, will Sandra spike Gabby's drink and let her son-in-law take the blame? Vinny could get into serious trouble with the law for spiking someone's drink with an illegal substance.  Liv is bound to feel horrified if she thought Vinny was responsible for drugging Gabby's drink. Could Sandra pretend she saw Vinny spike Gabby's drink when speaking to the police and her daughter? Would Liv believe her mother or her husband were telling the truth about the horrific incident? Many Emmerdale viewers have hit out over Sandra's evil ways in recent weeks, with some calling for her to leave the soap. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Liam Fox drops huge Dan Spencer storyline clue [UPDATE]Emmerdale theory: Chas and Al's affair exposed as Paddy discovers clue [THEORY]Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’  [EXCLUSIVE] Gillian Appleyard tweeted: "What kind of mother would want to stir up trouble and hurt her daughter? Oh yeah, the skanky type that is Sandra! #emmerdale." Michelle Jones said: "Sandra is the worst parent ever doing this to her own daughter. The writers seem to love these vile, depraved characters since they seem to have so many in the village. #Emmerdale." Yamu Matarr added: "Why the f**k is Sandra still here? What a horrible mother. Aaron needs to come back and sort her out. #Emmerdale." (sic) Maddie penned: "Please can we get rid of horrible Sandra? @emmerdale."  Sonia fumed: "#Emmerdale What is wrong with everyone that they can’t see through the horrible Sandra?" (sic) Yvonne added: "Sandra is the worst mother ever stirring the pot for Liv and Vinny #Emmerdale." Will Liv come to her senses and make her mum leave the village before she causes any more damage? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 