Meghan Markle’s fashion and beauty choices may be a talking point every time she steps out, but the Duchess likes to complete a look with an effortless hairstyle. Over the past couple of years, Meghan’s hair has grown longer, and since she is no longer a senior working royal, she can style it however she pleases. But when she is in public, she tends to be photographed touching her hair, and a body language expert has revealed what this “soothing gesture” means. Blanca Cobb, a body language expert and author of Method Of The Masters explained why the Duchess reaches for her hair or places it behind her ears. She said some people go to touch their hair, might even rub their arms, or play with their fingernails, as a way to psychologically “calm themselves when they're feeling anxious, uncomfortable, or stressed”. “Some people might touch, twirl or stroke their hair when in awkward social situations such as when they're not sure what to do or what to say.” Blanca said “context is key” if you’re trying to work out what’s a “habit from a nonverbal tell”. The expert went on to say that if “someone frequently touches their hair in a variety of non-stressful situations such as talking on the phone, reading a book, or watching TV then it's more likely a habit they're not even aware of”. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's 'confidence' is affected by 'charming' husband Edo “If, however, they tend to touch their hair when having a heated discussion or they're uncomfortable with someone around them, then it's more likely a body language tell,” Blanca added. About Meghan, the expert said the touching of the hair is a “soothing gesture”. Blanca also noticed how the Duchess’ “head is tilted down slightly” and suggested a reason for this. “Sometimes when you feel too much attention you might tuck your chin down as a way to shield yourself,” she said. “With her head tilted, exposing her neck, which is a vulnerable part of the body and hip pop, Meghan oozes allure. DON'T MISS...Sleep expert shares 6 ways to keep cool at night - no fan [GUIDE]City with the cheapest pints in the UK named - just £3 [LIST]‘Remove dirt & bacteria from washing machine’ in one step [EXPERT] “The way she's holding her hair suggests that she's being playful with the camera,” Good Housekeeping published. When Meghan first joined the Royal Family, she was seen with her hair in loose curls; a style that looked effortless. One of her favourite up-dos was the messy bun, usually, with loose tendrils framing her face. Her second hairstyle on her wedding day made headlines; Meghan headed to her wedding reception with her hair very casual - a “breezy California aesthetic” which was new for most royal fans, especially those used to seeing Kate Middleton’s signature blow drys and perfectly pinned buns, or the Queen who’s hairstyle has not changed for decades. READ MORE: Zara and Mike Tindall's body language is 'spontaneous' - 'fun parents' Meghan’s iconic messy bun was a creation born from wanting to make her hair “both appropriate and adhering to royal protocol, and modern at the same time” her stylist once said. George Northwood explained how they both wanted the hair to be up, “because a lot of the time it was appropriate for it to be up, but we didn’t want it to be too formal”. Instead, he and Meghan were trying to achieve “refined imperfection”, and the stylist added how “that’s what sums her [Meghan] up”. More recently, the Duchess has taken to growing her hair. During lockdown, she appeared virtually with very thick long hair, and on many occasions, it was straightened. It was a “subtle way of saying, no regrets” hair stylist Lucas Armitage previously said. “Gone was the [old] structure, and this choppy, fresh and sleek style was a welcome replacement.” She also chose to throw it into a mid-ponytail and “artfully arranged it over one shoulder” to show a “girl boss attitude” but still retained her “carefree attitude”.