Personal Independence Payments (PIP) are paid to people with a disability or health condition that affects their everyday life. More than 300,000 people in Scotland are being transferred to a new benefit - Adult Disability Payment - and new claims to PIP in the country will be stopped from August 29. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has shared a new update for people who live in Scotland and rely on PIP. Some 313,600 people in Scotland depend on PIP to help them make ends meet but the benefit is being phased out. It means new claims for PIP will no longer be accepted after August 29 and people over 16 and under state pension age with a disability will have to apply for Adult Disability Payment instead. Thousands of people who already receive PIP will receive a letter from the DWP to let them know when their case is being transferred to Social Security Scotland. READ MORE: Thousands could ditch TV licence and save 159 a year - could you? The letter will inform them when their PIP award ends and what to expect under the new Adult Disability Payment system. ADP claimants will be paid the same as people on PIP which works out at between £97.80 and £627.60 every four weeks. While most people won’t have to do anything, the Scottish government advises people contact their local council to tell them about the move from PIP to Adult Disability Payment if they claim housing benefit, council tax reduction or council tax exemption. They may also need to inform them if they receive other financial support. DON'T MISS:Pensioners with back pain or other conditions could get up to £4,804 [UPDATE]State pension to rise by £2,000 to £11,654 a year so will you miss out [WARNING]Woman secures £4,810 a year by following Martin Lewis tip [ALERT]Carers Allowance explained: Who can claim DWP support? [INSIGHT] The Scottish Government guidance also states that people need to contact the DWP to tell them about the move if in receipt of: READ MORE: Inheritance tax: How much money can you give to grandchildren? Meanwhile, Britons who only receive PIP will miss out on the £650 extra cost of living support payment designed to help people pay their energy bills. However, they will receive £400 in the Autumn as well as a £150 Disability Cost of Living Payment from September 2022. If they are eligible for council tax they should have received their £150 rebate by now, although councils have until September to issue the refunds. Some older people on PIP who also get the state pension will also qualify for the annual Winter Fuel Payment of £300. Unfortunately, hundreds of thousands of Britons could be missing out on up to £627 a month in PIP because of ten common myths such as: