The Wessex family are believed to have spent a fortnight in July on the Greek island of Corfu, where the Duke of Edinburgh was born. Sophie, Edward and their children - James, Viscount Severn, and Lady Louise Windsor - dined most nights at Taverna Galini in Agios Stefanos, according to its owner Nikos Sarakinos. The restauranteur shared a picture on his Facebook account posing with Prince Edward. Donning a blue shirt with short sleeves, the Earl of Wessex smiled while standing next to Mr Sarakinos. Writing about the low-key holidays, the Daily Mail Diary Editor Richard Eden wrote: "Prince Edward and his wife, Sophie, who spent much time with Prince Philip during his final days, made a touching choice for their first foreign holiday since his death last year." The Wessexes are known to have been very close to Prince Philip. Lady Louise shared with him a deep love for carriage riding, a sport she learned to practice directly from her grandfather. Prince Edward's bond with his father became apparent ahead of his marriage with Sophie in 1999, when Buckingham Palace announced the title of Duke of Edinburgh would be given in due course to Philip's youngest son. The Earl has also taken up the baton and leads the Duke of Edinburgh's Award, a successful programme for young people founded by Philip in 1956. Sophie, who during an interview last year revealed her family paid socially-distanced visits to the Duke and the Queen during lockdown, spoke candidly about missing the Duke following his death. READ MORE: Meghan Markle entering new chapter as Duchess makes major change Speaking to BBC Radio 5 about grieving Prince Philip, the Countess said: "He's left a giant-sized hole in our lives." The Duke was born on the table of the dining room at Mon Repos, a villa situated on the coast of the Greek island. The villa, whose French name means "my rest", was used for almost a century by the Greek royals as a summer residence. The Wessexes may have paid a visit to this special house, as two decades ago it became the site of the Museum of Palaiopolis. Prince Philip was the only male heir of Prince Andrew of Greece, the fourth son of George I of the Hellenes. Born on June 10 1921, Philip was only a baby when his uncle and King, Constantine I, was deposed by a military junta. His father was sentenced to death, but managed to escape and lived for the rest of his life in exile. Speaking about the Duke's difficult relationship with the Mediterranean country, royal historian Hugo Vickers told the BBC in 2012: "Prince Philip doesn't like Greece, because they put his father on trial, and he might have been executed. In 1922, they all had to flee." Prince Philip never paid an official visit to the island. He privately visited Athens on a few occasions in the 1960s to see his mother, Princess Alice, before she relocated to London. The Queen only headed to Greece on one occasion during the past decades - two years before becoming head of state, upon being invited by Prince Philip's cousin King Paul. In March last year, however, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, paid an official visit to Athens to celebrate the bicentenary of Greece's independence. The Prince of Wales paid tribute to his Greek roots in a poignant speech delivered during an official state dinner, saying: "My wife and I could not be more delighted to be back in Greece, which has long held the most special place in my heart. "After all, Greece is the land of my grandfather; and of my father’s birth, nearly one hundred years ago, in the centenary year of Greek Independence. "Later, it was in Athens that my dear grandmother, Princess Alice, during the dark years of Nazi occupation, sheltered a Jewish family – an act for which in Israel she is counted as 'Righteous Among The Nations'."