Chelsea are reportedly interested in signing Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha. Blues winger Callum Hudson-Odoi is also of interest to Palace and could head in the opposite direction to Selhurst Park. Chelsea have made one attacking signing so far this summer, bringing in Raheem Sterling from Manchester City. However, Tuchel is keen to add more in that area of the pitch. Romelu Lukaku has returned to Inter Milan on loan, while Timo Werner is set to rejoin RB Leipzig in a permanent deal. Therefore Tuchel has been left short of forward options. A report from 90min says Zaha has emerged as a target for Chelsea. Tuchel wants to sign a central attacker but is also keen on a wide player, and Zaha fits the bill. The Ivory Coast star has entered the final year of his contract at Selhurst Park. The report says he wants to have the opportunity of playing Champions League football, something he is yet to taste in his career. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd contact 'technical' winger, De Jong phone call, Spurs bid  Zaha's departure would open up a space at Palace for a winger. And Hudson-Odoi could move across London to fill the void. The 21-year-old wants a move away from Chelsea to get more regular first-team football. Hudson-Odoi was left out of the Blues match-day squad for the season-opener against Everton on Saturday. Borussia Dortmund are also keen on the player, as are the likes of Newcastle, West Ham and Leicester. But a swap deal involving Zaha and Hudson-Odoi could suit both Chelsea and Palace. Zaha has spent the vast majority of his career at Palace. After coming through the Eagles' youth ranks, he joined Manchester United in 2013. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag ‘picks player to be dropped’ once Rabiot sealedChelsea 'keen on third Barcelona star' after De Jong and AubameyangMan Utd abruptly cancel Arnautovic bid as Richard Arnold emailed 'directly'  However, opportunities were hard to come by and he headed out on loan to Cardiff before a return to Palace. In total, he has made 431 appearances across his two spells at Palace, scoring 83 goals. Speaking last month, boss Patrick Vieira dismissed rumours of a potential exit for his star man. “It’s just a report I think,” Vieira said. “We are in a period where there is a lot of speculation regarding players. What is really important for me and the football club is that Wilfried Zaha came back on time and he is working well to have a good season. “What goes on in the papers, it is difficult for us to control. What I know is that he is happy in our football club and he is looking forward to the new season at our football club.” 