Manchester United are just £1.7million short of Ajax’s asking price for Antony as John Murtough works on a deal for the forward, reports say. Erik ten Hag wants the Brazil international to become his fifth signing of the transfer window. However, the Dutchman’s old side are playing hardball as they look to retain the services of their key asset. It’s been a productive transfer window for Manchester United so far, with the likes of Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen, Lisandro Martinez and Casemiro all joining. But the Red Devils are frantically looking for more reinforcements as they look to climb up the Premier League table. Antony is one player on their radar, with the Brazil international scoring eight goals and registering four assists in the Eredivisie under Ten Hag last term. United’s latest offer, which is believed to be worth in the region of £76m, has been rejected with Ajax playing hardball during negotiations. And 90min claim the Red Devils are just £1.7m short of Ajax’s asking price for the player, despite the Dutch giants being reluctant to lose another key man. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers It’s been a big summer of change over in Amsterdam, starting with Ten Hag’s departure. It was confirmed in April that the 52-year-old would be leaving them behind to manage United, where he’s succeeded Ralf Rangnick. Rangnick had been expected to stay on at Old Trafford as a consultant but, after deciding to manage the Austria national team, is no longer involved behind the scenes. Ajax have lost Noussair Mazraoui and Ryan Gravenberch to Bayern Munich, with the Dutch side losing the former for free. And Sebastien Haller moved to Borussia Dortmund this summer, before it was confirmed he’d be undergoing treatment for cancer. DON’T MISS:Man Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him   Antony has done everything possible to try and join United, with the 22-year-old believing a potential move to the Premier League represents a step up. He’s refused to train or play for his side in recent weeks, much to the annoyance of his club. And Antony dropped a bombshell on Friday when he revealed he wanted to join United, going public in his efforts to force a transfer. “Since February of this year, my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face new challenge and that some interested clubs would arrive and with them, certainly a great offer,” said the forward. “During the window months, meetings continued and I also received a proposal from Ajax for contract renewal. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I made it clear once again: I want to leave. “I was very happy in Amsterdam, I won titles at Ajax, made friends and built part of my career, but now I reinforce that I am ready and full of motivation to follow my story and my dreams. “People need to listen to me and understand that my motivation moves me towards happiness. “I need this to continue performing at a high level. Ajax will always be in my heart.” Antony isn’t the only player being linked with United as they target more reinforcements in the attacking department. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Cody Gakpo is believed to be a target, though there have been suggestions links to the PSV Eindhoven star are being used to put pressure on Ajax. Barcelona star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been linked on Saturday morning, despite Chelsea being frontrunners for the Gabon international. And United aren’t ruling out a sensational return for Memphis Depay either. Depay previously spent 18 months at Old Trafford after moving in 2015 but was offloaded to Lyon in January 2017 after being deemed surplus to requirements by Jose Mourinho. He's since rebuilt his career, however, meaning a return may take place. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here