The youngster died from a gunshot wound to the chest after masked gunman chased his intended target into her home in the Dovecot area of Liverpool last Monday evening. Among the shocked friends and neighbours laying tributes at the scene was the family of 12-year-old Ava who was fatally stabbed by a teenage boy in Liverpool city centre last November. They laid a heart-shaped floral wreath, decorated with white ribbon and a butterfly. Its message read: "Olivia, taken far too soon, sleep peacefully little girl, from the Ava White Foundation xxx." Olivia’s death came less than year after Ava was fatally stabbed. A 15-year-old boy who can’t be named for legal reasons, was jailed for her murder last month after a two-week trial at Liverpool Crown Court. Meanwhile Detectives investigating Olivia’s murder are continuing to appeal for information. The nine-year-old died before reaching hospital despite the heroic efforts of police officers who raced to the scene. Olivia’s mother Cheryl, 46, was wounded in the wrist in the bungled assassination attempt. The intended target Joseph Nee, 35, was also treated for gunshot wounds but has since been returned to prison. Two men aged 33 and 36 arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder have been conditionally bailed and remain under investigation.   Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Kameen said: “I want to take this opportunity, just over a week on from Olivia’s tragic murder, to reiterate our appeal, as we gather as much information as we possibly can. “A lot has already come in and we’re grateful to those in our communities who have come forward. But just because we have seen two arrests doesn’t mean that we need that information any less. “Tell us what you know, directly or anonymously, and let us judge how important that information is. Something you might think inconsequential could prove absolutely pivotal in our work, so don’t assume we don’t need to hear it. I’d rather see the same details sent in repeatedly, than people feeling they don’t need to share it. “We are still keen to speak to anyone with information about the gunman, and the whereabouts of the firearm used. Likewise, anything else you know needs to be shared as soon as possible: for Olivia’s family, her friends, the community, and for justice.” Detectives are also investigating the gun murders of Ashley Dale, 28 and Sam Rimmer, 22 - who were shot in two separate incidents in Liverpool in late August. 