Globally, millions of people turn to online dating apps or social media to meet someone. In doing so, users share a wide variety of personal data. But lurking in the online shadows there are scammers ready to target the vulnerable. You may not think of yourself as vulnerable, but it’s surprising how many people get caught by the scammers. It’s simply a confidence-trick, and involves a thief pretending to be loving and affectionate to gain the confidence of the victim. How the scammers do it… The scammer starts slowly, building trust, making up their story but at some point, they make their move and ask for money. They might claim to be abroad, or working on an oil rig - reasons you may not be able to meet in person. But in fact they’re sitting in a cubicle in a ‘scam factory’ alongside teams of other thieves. The scammer will go to great lengths to gain trust and have been known to work at a scam for months, even years. They are masterful at using language to persuade and manipulate victims to exploit them. Once established, the criminals gently execute their sting. They ask for money to be sent: it may be so they can come and visit, or for a medical bill for a fictional sick relative, or to pay off a debt. Sometimes it’s a suggestion to make an investment in for example a foreign property, or perhaps crypto-currency. READ MORE: 'NEVER click on any links': Seven indications your email or text from Royal Mail is a scam How to spot it Think twice before parting with your money. Here are some suggestions: are secretive about their relationship and provide excuses for why they haven’t met their online partner in person express strong emotions and commitment to someone they’ve only just met are sending money to someone they have not met face-to-face DON'T MISSUrgent scam warning: Fraud email from PayPal imposters [SIGNS] Always ask your bank a question when they call to prove their identity [EXPERT] 'Don't click!': Expert fear as post scams cause alarm [WARNING] If you think you have been scammed: Scambusters Mail bag – answering your scam questions Q1. I received a text message asking me for prepayment, how can I know it’s legit? Scambusters say: “Unfortunately this is a tried and tested scam that catches many people out. Advance fee fraud (AFF) is when fraudsters target victims to make advance or upfront payments for goods, services and/or financial gains that do not materialise. Examples of AFF include lottery and prize draw scams, inheritance scams, fraud recovery fraud and career opportunity scams.” Here’s some advice on how to protect yourself: Tip of the week If you get asked for money by text, remember no company will ever do that. Remember: If you’ve received a text you think is a scam then you can forward to 7726 or take a screenshot and send it to report@phishing.gov.uk. If you are receiving lots of unwanted phone calls or text messages you can also consider removing your details from data brokers, ensuring that you use a right to object to processing of your data. You can learn more about this on Rightly to stop the sharing of your data exposing you to scams. And you can take a free training course on how to fight against scams on www.friendsagainstscams.org.uk.