The Sandman is based on the super popular DC Comics series of the same name by Neil Gaiman. Starring actor Tom Sturridge in the titular role, The Sandman will see Morpheus, Ruler of Dreams, finally released after 100 years of capture by mortals in the Netflix series. A lot has changed during the past century and it is up to Morpheus to try and fix all of the chaos that has occurred in his absence. Netflix's Lucifer told the tale of the infamous fallen angel, played by Tom Ellis, who started up a nightclub in Los Angeles and fought crime alongside the LAPD. The series was initially on Fox before being cancelled and resurrected thanks to Netflix for its final few seasons. Fans of Gaiman's work will know that the Lucifer series is loosely based on his version of the King of Hell from his Sandman universe. Writer Mike Carey went on to create the spin-off Lucifer comic book which was used as a basis for the Netflix drama. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history So in terms of the comic books, yes, there is a connection between The Sandman and Lucifer in some way. This idea has led many Netflix subscribers to think that actor Ellis could reprise his role as Lucifer in Sturridge's show. However, this won't be the case as they are not set in a shared universe because of the events that have already taken place in Lucifer. At the end of its final sixth season, Lucifer had found his purpose of helping damned souls break their loops and make it to Heaven. Therefore, this wouldn't tie in with Lucifer's involvement and where The Sandman will begin. Gaiman confirmed as much on Twitter, stating: "You can't get from the Lucifer TV series to Sandman #3 or even Season of Mists", referring to the collection of The Sandman comics. So sadly, fans should brace themselves not to see Ellis in The Sandman as well as any of the other Lucifer stars. Instead, another familiar face will be putting their own spin on the character of Lucifer. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Another double pregnancy rocks the village  [THEORY]Tom Sturridge age: How old is The Sandman Morpheus actor? [AGE]Who is The Corinthian in The Sandman?  [EXPLAINER] The Sandman has actress Gwendoline Christie in the devilish role of Lucifer in the Netflix series. She is best known for Brienne of Tarth in HBO's fantasy drama Game of Thrones as well as the First Order stormtrooper Captain Phasman in Star Wars: The Force Awakens and Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Some of her other roles have been in Wizards vs. Aliens, Top of the Lake, Welcome to Marwen and Green Eggs and Ham. She will also appear as Larissa Weems in The Addams Family spin-off Wednesday on Netflix. The Sandman will consist of 10 episodes in total, all of which will come out on its initial release date. Its official synopsis reads: “A rich blend of modern myth and dark fantasy in which contemporary fiction, historical drama and legend are seamlessly interwoven. "The Sandman follows the people and places affected by Morpheus, the Dream King, as he mends the cosmic — and human — mistakes he’s made during his vast existence." The Sandman premieres on Friday, August 5, on Netflix.