Emma Raducanu has revealed that she has changed her social media habits to avoid being “attacked” and criticised. The world No 10 is making her debut at the Canada Open this week as part of the lead-up to her US Open title defence, and reacted to the backlash she has faced this season. Raducanu is less than three weeks away from her first-ever title defence which happens to be at one of the biggest tournaments in the sport - the US Open. The Bromley teenager shot to superstardom when she became the first qualifier in history to win a Major there last year, while ranked down at world No 150. Now inside the world’s top 10, the 19-year-old is yet to make it beyond a quarter-final in the tournaments she has played since winning the title in Flushing Meadows, and has been struggling with a number of injuries and niggles this season as well as several coaching changes. And the Toronto-born Brit has now responded to the criticism she has faced as she prepares to compete in her city of birth. Reflecting on the last 12 months, Raducanu touched on her life since becoming the US Open champion and said: “I would tell you that nothing has changed, I still do the same things as before, I am still the same 19-year-old girl. JUST IN: Medvedev responds to attack from Russian politician ahead of US Open  “Being successful at a young age is a very beautiful thing, especially if you are doing what you love, as is my case, in that sense I am very proud of myself. This season is complicated, I am facing many challenges, but also learning many things.” One of the challenges Raducanu has been forced to confront is the increase in critics, and she has shared her way of silencing the extra noise off the court. “Whatever I do, I feel that there will be criticism,” the US Open champion continued. “It doesn't matter what you do, even when you do something right, someone will come and criticise you. People will always find a reason to attack you, so I try not to waste too much time on social networks.” DON'T MISS Rafa Nadal injury update as Spaniard spotted on court ahead of US OpenSerena Williams details Tiger Woods private chat prior to retirementSerena Williams issues farewell with plan to retire in next few weeks  Raducanu had previously spoken about limiting her use of social media following her US Open victory. Back in April, ahead of her Billie Jean King Cup debut, she told the BBC: “Recently I have limited my time on social media. I’ve kind of gone more quiet than sometimes previously “It depends how everything is going, sometimes you’re really busy in training and having long days so you don’t even have time to look at your phone so I think it’s just about tapering and depending on the situation because I do love connecting and sharing with the fans that are online. But then sometimes you’ve just got to prioritise yourself and the work you’re doing.” 