During the case against the Home Office, the court heard Harry was unhappy the Queen's private secretary, Sir Edward Young, was on the deciding committee. Mr Young, who has served the monarch for more than 18 years, reportedly tried to stop the Duke and Duchess of Sussex from meeting with the Queen when they made their decision to step back from royal life. Harry's team also highlighted "significant tensions" between the Queen's aide and her grandson. They also argued that the Royal and VIP Executive Committee's (RAVEC) decision should be seen as invalid because of "procedural unfairness" caused by the involvement of the Royal Household. At the time, his team said: "[Harry] didn’t know at that stage that the Royal Household was involved at all, he was told it was an independent decision."  Royal expert Omid Scobie claimed that Harry's tensions with Mr Young could be why he spoke earlier this year about making sure the "right people" are around his grandmother. The Duke of Sussex appeared to take a swipe at royal household staff during an interview with NBC in April. During the interview, while speaking about his grandmother, he said: "She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her". He did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family but some people have speculated whether he was talking about Mr Young. READ MORE: Fergie's new £5m Mayfair home is 'not large' - but 'still luxurious' Royal author Tom Bower said: "On 'protecting' the Queen, he is not only targeting Charles and William but also Edward Young, her private secretary. "Harry's full demands have been rebuffed and he is hitting out at those standing in the way of promoting the Sussex's self-promotion". Harry's security arrangements are now considered on a case-by-case basis.  In July, Harry won a bid to bring part of his high court claim against the Home Office over his security arrangements while in the UK. He is now seeking legal action over the refusal to let him privately pay for police protection for himself and his family when they are in the country. Mr Scobie claimed that refusing Harry protection "comes across as the establishment punishing" him for breaking away from the Firm and "sharing his experiences publicly". 