Throughout this campaign it has been captivating to see the quality of ideas on offer from the candidates putting themselves forward to be the next leader of our Party and Prime Minister. It has served as a much needed antidote to the lack of ideas from those attending the opposition benches. But the ideas that most resonate with us, and the majority of the Conservative MPs, are from Rishi. We as a country face huge economic challenges, the likes of which we haven’t seen for a generation. Now is not the time for experiments. Backed by an economist who thinks high interest rates would be a good thing, Liz Truss’ ideas will not help hard-pressed families across the country. Her plans for unfunded tax cuts will make the current inflationary spiral worse. We need to get inflation down, to put downward pressure on interest rates. The best single thing we can do for the next generation is to elect a leader who can win an unprecedented fifth election for our Party. In seats across the country - north and south, urban and rural, Leave and Remain - Rishi is the person who will deliver that election victory in 2024. He knows that levelling up does not just apply to certain regions or areas of the country. It must apply to every part of the United Kingdom where opportunity does not ordinarily present itself. He recognises that opportunity must be spread evenly; he didn’t put freeports in one area, but implemented them across the length and breadth of the country. And using our newfound freedom outside of the European Union, which Rishi supported before it was convenient to do so, he will continue to ensure levelling up remains at the heart of the Government’s agenda. Only then can everyone have the opportunity to realise their full potential. As Conservatives, aspiration and family are values that we hold dear. They are core to what being a Conservative means. And that means making sure that we hand the country over in a stronger and more resilient position than we inherited it. It does not mean saddling future generations with our debt. It is precisely the opposite of Conservatism to burden our children and our grandchildren and leave them to pick up the tab for our spending. We know that Rishi has what it takes to become Prime Minister. This contest is highlighting what we, who have worked closely with Rishi, always knew: that he has what it takes to be an excellent Prime Minister. He will continue his work as Chancellor in realising the benefits of Brexit. Crucially, he will reunite every part of our country behind a positive and exciting agenda, ensuring that the Conservatives win again in 2024.