Barcelona and Manchester City have reportedly arrived at an agreement for Bernardo Silva, sparking rumours on the future of Frenkie de Jong. Barca, who are struggling to register their new signings for financial reasons, may now be forced to offload the Dutchman with Chelsea and Manchester United both heavily linked. Man City boss Pep Guardiola refused to rule out the prospect of Bernardo jumping ship in recent weeks. The Portuguese is an integral part of the manager's set-up at the Etihad, but is thought to be keen on a switch to the Camp Nou after five productive years in the Premier League. Many presumed Barca's transfer business to be done after splashing out on Jules Kounde, Raphinha and Robert Lewandowski. But president Joan Laporta refuses to rest up and transfer expert Gerard Romero claims that they have agreed a fee of less than £67million for Bernardo. The 27-year-old's prospective exit would come as a major blow to City after scoring 13 goals in 50 appearances last term, providing relentless energy and technical ability in the middle of the park. JUST IN: Chelsea fans rage at Timo Werner transfer fee as RB Leipzig close in - 'Absolutely nuts'  Although Bernardo generally plays further forward than De Jong, his skill set is not dissimilar to the Dutchman which suggests that Barca could be about to cut ties. Laporta has publicly stated that the club would be keen for him to stay, but reports indicate that they are furiously trying to decrease his wages behind the scenes. Relevo claim that, during a phone call with Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly, De Jong stated that his preference is still to stay with Barcelona - the club he 'dreamed' of playing for as a child. But a swoop for Bernardo could be the final nail in the coffin for the 25-year-old midfielder, who has plenty of high-profile admirers in the Premier League. DON'T MISSFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurkChelsea's scary XI if Boehly signs Fofana, De Jong and one more starArsenal boss Arteta has plan to secure final two signings of window  For a time, United were the only team with a serious chance of signing De Jong after Erik ten Hag made him a priority target at the start of the summer. The two clubs had even agreed a £72m fee, but the move hit a snag over the player's reluctance to move to Manchester and a failure to resolve millions of pounds in deferred Barca wages. The Red Devils appear to be backing away from their pursuit of the former Ajax man, however, with Chelsea threatening to hijack the deal. De Jong's preference would supposedly be a move to London, where the Blues can offer Champions League football, and Boehly would have no problem matching United's agreed fee and helping to settle the wage dispute.  Chelsea are reportedly waiting for the green light from De Jong himself before launching an official bid, which could see the move progress quickly. United, meanwhile, have switched focus to Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot and Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. Fabrizio Romano claims that the Red Devils' hierarchy are in direct contact with the former and Ten Hag informed him over the phone that he would love to have him at Old Trafford. Rabiot has one year remaining on his contract and would supposedly cost in the region of £15m.