The full list of attendees from the PGA Tour’s recent crunch meeting led by 82-time winner Tiger Woods has been revealed. A total of 23 of the world’s best golfers - including Woods - met in Delaware last week, amid the tour’s direct threat from the newly formed LIV Golf Series. A number of the golf’s biggest names including Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson, Brooks Koepka and Bryson DeChambeau have made the controversial LIV switch, leaving their PGA Tour memberships behind. To ensure a number of the American circuits key players do not follow suit, the tour have done everything they can to keep their playing quota on side. Most recently arguably the sport’s greatest ever player Woods jetted into Delaware where the BMW Championship was being held to brief players on the future plans of the PGA Tour, amid the Saudi threat. Woods was joined by Rory McIlroy in pitching the tour’s new plans, which included a series of stadium-held events from 2024, according to Golfweek. JUST IN: Mother of trans golfer targeting PGA tour hits out at Andy Murray's mum as row explodes  The meeting was said to have been well received by those attending, and now the full list of who was there to hear the plans has been revealed by No Laying Up. As well as Woods and McIlroy, world No. 1 Scottie Scheffler was in attendance, as well as the likes of Justin Thomas, Jon Rahm, Patrick Cantlay and Matthew Fitzpatrick. The full list of attendees was: Woods, McIlroy, Scheffler, Cantlay, Rahm, Thomas, Fitzpatrick, Xander Schauffele, Collin Morikawa, Will Zalatoris, Viktor Hovland, Sam Burns, Jordan Spieth, Tony Finau, Billy Horschel, Cameron Young, Joaquin Niemann, Max Homa, Shane Lowry, Tyrell Hatton, Kevin Kisner, Adam Scott, and Rickie Fowler. DON'T MISS: Tiger Woods makes the comeback all golf fans wanted as huge announcement made The meeting saw nine of the world’s top 10 players attend, with the one missing being recently crowned Open champion Cameron Smith. Since winning the Claret Jug last month Smith has been heavily linked with a move to LIV Golf, with fellow Australian Cameron Percy all but confirming his move on RSN Radio. Smith himself has since slammed his fellow Aussie Percy, but has still refused to rule out a move to the Saudi-backed series. One other marquee name that failed to attend the meeting and has been connected with a LIV move is 2021 Masters champion Hideki Matsuyama. LIV Golf are expected to announce a number of new arrivals ahead of their next event in  Massachusetts next week. 