Fighting has continued in the south and the east of Ukraine as the country looks to claim back some of the territory it lost in the earlier stages of the invasion. While Russia was able to make advances in southern cities such as Kherson and Mariupol, Vladimir Putin's men failed to take the capital Kyiv and the second largest Ukrainian city Kharkiv. Military expert John Spencer travelled to Ukraine to study the tactics used in the war. Speaking to the Washington Examiner in July, he hailed Ukrainian forces for their "decisive victory" in the battle for Kyiv. Mr Spencer said: "I went there to study the battle of Kyiv, which is, in my opinion, the most decisive, strategic victory of the modern era. "I mean, this small country with a small army that wanted to fight for their freedom stood up against the second-biggest military in the world and defeated them in the battle of Kyiv. "By early April, the Russians gave up on Kyiv, Kharkiv, and most of the major cities and basically directed all their 100,000 plus forces, who were already mauled, with many of the best units destroyed, and focused them on the east and said, 'OK, I just want you to take the Donbas so I can call it a political victory.'” Many experts predicted Russia would take the capital of Ukraine in a matter of days when the invasion started in February. When Russian forces entered the country, all Ukrainian men were asked to stay in the country and fight, and millions of ordinary people volunteered to protect their country. In the six months since, Ukrainian forces have impressed observers with the way they have defended their country. Mr Spencer continued: "The biggest surprise is really the will of the Ukrainian military and people. I've personally never studied a war where tens of thousands of civilians were handed AK-47s and actually fought. "Everybody says [the Ukrainians] have a culture of resistance. But I was amazed at stories of father-son teams, grandpas, grandmas calling in airstrikes, of the Ukrainian people's resistance to Russian occupation. "And the Ukrainians have really struggled, to be honest, to keep the Russians from doing that because they're outmanned, outgunned, and because the Russians are willing to sacrifice thousands of soldiers to make minor tactical gains. READ MORE: Russia burns: Protesters set fire to police car with Z mark "Still, the Ukrainians have made some amazing stands in places like Severodonetsk, where it took the Russians six weeks to really take a very small Ukrainian force and the Russians sacrificed around 5,000 soldiers to do it." Last week, images circulated on social media of destroyed Russian tanks being displayed on the streets of Kyiv. Crowds of locals were seen posing for pictures alongside the seized vehicles. The New York Times reported from the scene at the time, asking some of the Ukrainians about the display and the wider conflict. DON'T MISS Putin 'moves military equipment into Zaporizhzhia' amid attack fears [INSIGHT] Another Russian base up in smoke after explosion – Putin reeling [ANALYSIS] Russia mutiny: Troops refuse to fight as Putin gets desperate [INSIGHT] One man called Eugene said: “I am glad it is sitting here demolished like this instead of out there killing people." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has also warned that Russia may step up its attacks when the country celebrates independence day this week. He warned Russia could try and conduct an "ugly" plan to ruin the celebrations.