 Frustrated residents of Thornton Heath lashed out during a local meeting to address a deadly gas explosion in the area. Local MP Siobhain McDonagh and executive operations director  for gas company SGN Martin Holloway were among a selection of panellists to face the angered crowd. Furious locals accused the gas company of failing to properly investigate reports of a gas leak along the road where the tragic explosion occurred. Video footage from the meeting captured the desperate outcries of local residents as the vague answers of the panellists fueled community anguish.     Speaking from a stage in front of the crowd, Mr Holloway said: “While I appreciate it is frustrating, given the ongoing police investigation, I am unable to talk about what happened in the run up to the explosion. “I know that’s difficult because people want answers about what happened.” The crowd groaned at the comments of Mr Holloway as Labour MP for the area, Ms McDonagh grabbed the microphone from his hand. “You will get an opportunity to say something, but we’re going to listen to Martin,” she announced.     The meeting briefly continued before the panel again faced outbursts from the enraged crowd. One man was filmed shouting across the room, hurling accusations that a failure of proper safety measures allowed the devastating explosion to happen. Among the crowd, another person pleaded desperately: “Why did it come to this?" Read more: Sahara Salman: Girl that died in London gas explosion pictured   The explosion occurred on Monday on Galpins Road at around seven in the morning. A four year old girl, now named as Sahara Salman, was killed in the blast. Dozens more residents were forced to evacuate their homes. Mr Holloway said SGN was “shocked and saddened” to learn of the incident and the tragic loss of life. He added: “I’d also like to assure you that we’re all working very closely with the investigators, with the police and health and safety executive to understand exactly what led to the explosion on Monday.” Don't miss: Terrifying fears of death toll after Bedford gas explosion [REPORT]Homes destroyed after horror gas explosion in Yorkshire village [REVEAL]'Save my missus' Husband’s plea as partner is killed in gas blast [INSIGHT]  While not captured in the video clip, reports from the meeting suggest a number of residents stormed out of the hall while Mr Holloway explained SGN’s plan of action. Another member of the community said the company had “blood on their hands.” Residents spoken to shortly after the explosion revealed they had reported the small of a gas leak in the area weeks before the incident. Merton council has confirmed the blast was caused by gas but the police are set to conduct a full investigation into the explosion with the cooperation of SGN. Read next: Manchester gas explosion: Houses 'shake like earthquake' in blastLondon fires: Heathrow Airport metres away from huge blaze Households owe £1.3bn to energy firms BEFORE big price risesPlans in place for winter shortages as Britain brace for blackoutsFirefighters swarm park as visitors evacuated