Ruth Langsford and Rylan Clark took the reigns during Monday's This Morning while Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield take some time off for the summer. The duo seemed happy to be reunited as they greeted ITV viewers at the opening of the show. "Good morning," Rylan began as Ruth echoed: "Morning!" "Welcome to Monday's This Morning, and we're back," Rylan continued. "We're back," Ruth repeated before adding: "Reunited." Turning to her co-host, the 62-year-old said: "It's lovely to be here, it has been a while since we have done this." READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 "It's nice to see you sitting on this breakfast bar," Rylan beamed as Ruth replied: "Thanks, babe. I've gone a bit Barbie today, what do you think?" "I like it," the former Big Brother host complimented. Fans were also thrilled to see Ruth and Rylan back together on This Morning, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Jane Aird said: "Not gonna lie… I’m a little bit excited for @RuthieeL and @Rylan back in the hot seat #ThisMorning @thismorning." Dave wrote: "Ruth and Rylan are presenting #thismorning, all is right with the world." "Good, Ruth is in the lead presenter seat #ThisMorning," Christopher went on to add. Tashia tweeted: "Yey Ruth’s back, love that woman #thismorning." Sue Scott commented: "For the first time since Eamonn & Ruth left I’m watching #ThisMorning. Great to see you back @RuthieeL with the lovely @Rylan." DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [VIDEO]Question of Sport backlash as Paddy announces change to show [REACTION]Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist [SPOILERS] She continued: "Good to see that someone’s seen sense finally. @thismorning. Once they’re gone I will be too though." Ruth and Rylan aren't the only presenters to fill in for Holly and Phillip during the summer holidays. Rochelle Humes, Vernon Kay, Josie Gibson and Dermot O'Leary have also stepped in to host the ITV show. Holly and Phillip will be back to reclaim their seats on September 5. Ruth and her husband Eamonn Holmes left their usual Friday slot in 2021 and were replaced by Alison Hammond and Dermot. Eamonn has since gone on to join GB News and has been vocal about his departure from the ITV programme. Eamonn claimed he was "given no reasons" following his axe from This Morning. After 15 years with the ITV network, he explained he was confused as to why he had been let go. "I don’t have any issues with that at all," Eamonn said about being let go. "I just have issues with why they can’t tell you your time is up." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.