Drivers are being warned of leading supermarkets not cutting their petrol and diesel prices quick enough, despite a 9p decrease in prices since July. The RAC has criticised four chain supermarkets - Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Sainsbury's for not reducing their prices faster. A spokesperson for the motoring organisation said that independent forecourts and retailers had been “leading the charge” on reducing prices. As a result of this, bigger supermarkets have been forced to act and slash their prices. Simon Williams, RAC fuel spokesperson, commented on how the lack of price cuts for petrol and diesel were hammering drivers. He said: “July has been an unnecessarily tough month for drivers due to the big four supermarkets' unwillingness to cut their prices to a more reasonable level, reflecting the consistent and significant reductions in the wholesale cost of petrol and diesel. READ MORE: Morrisons slashes petrol and diesel prices at all UK fuel stations "As it was, we saw independent retailers leading the charge with fairer pump prices appearing all around the country which eventually forced the supermarkets to finally implement a more substantial cut late last Friday afternoon." He added that the biggest retailers should cut their prices more significantly on a daily basis. He points out that the wholesale price of petrol has fallen steadily over the last eight weeks. RAC data reveals that on average, drivers are paying 178.93p per litre for petrol and 189.3p for diesel. DON'T MISSAugust driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules [WARNING]Drivers warned against fuel-saving trick - huge fines and repairs [SHOCKING]Elderly drivers urged to renew driving licence or risk massive fines [INSIGHT] Based on data from Confused.com, some drivers would have seen prices as high as 208.9p per litre for petrol and 215.9p for diesel. On the other hand, one petrol station is selling fuel for as low as 162.9p, while diesel prices remain much higher at 174.9p. Last week, Asda and Morrisons announced price cuts to apply to all of their UK fuel forecourts. Morrisons cut the cost of unleaded petrol and diesel by an average of six pence per litre over the course of a week. Meanwhile, Asda cut its prices first by four pence per litre, followed by a further reduction of five pence on petrol and three pence on diesel. Edmund King, AA President, has also slammed the major retailers for failing to reduce prices, branding their actions as “unforgivable”. He added: “Average UK pump prices are down by around 9.5p a litre for petrol and 7p for diesel compared to early July. “But, since early June, wholesale petrol is down 20p-25p a litre depending on whether or not you factor in VAT. "In many areas of Britain, a 10p-a-litre drop in pump prices is still a 'pumpdream'. “And that is where the fuel trade is forcing struggling drivers to play the pump-price postcode lottery. “When you consider that many small independents have been slashing 10p and sometimes 15p off fuel, because lower costs have allowed it, the failure of bigger forecourts to do likewise is pretty unforgivable." Mr King added that drivers have been taken for an “expensive ride” during the cost of living crisis.