Many passengers have faced lengthy queues at UK airports this summer. Travel expert Simon Calder told the BBC Travel Show how travellers can cut the queues this year. Simon said: “If you are flying then try to travel with cabin baggage only.” The travel expert said he manages with just a small backpack on all his international flying trips. He added: “It meets all known airline rules. You won’t need to queue up to check-in. There’s no chance of your bag being sent to the far side of the earth. “And no need to wait around at the carousel at the far end when you should be beginning your adventure.” READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'avoid' 2 types of trousers to get free upgrade  Many of this summer’s queues have been at check-in where passengers have to drop off hold luggage. If possible, it can be a good idea to go on holiday with just a small cabin hand luggage bag to avoid the queues. Although it might seem tricky to fit everything inside a small bag, experts say that most travellers only wear a small amount of the clothes they bring on holiday. It’s important to plan outfits before travelling and to bring a few items that can be paired with different options.  Some airlines have changed their baggage requirements since the start of the pandemic. easyJet allows all passengers to bring one small cabin bag on the plane for free but this must fit under the seat in front. It can be a maximum size of 45x36x20cm and this must include any handles, wheels or other features. The bag can weigh up to 15kg but tourists will need to be able to carry and lift the bag themselves. READ MORE: Bournemouth residents call for tourist tax over ‘trashed’ beaches  If passengers would like to bring a larger bag to put in the overhead locker at a size of 56x45x25cm. They will need to pay for the extra bag or select an Up Front or Extra Legroom seat when they book their ticket. Ryanair will allow passengers to bring one small cabin personal bag for free which must be 40x25x20cm. This could be a small backpack, a handbag or a laptop bag and must fit under the seat in front.  Larger cabin bags can be purchased before the flight and can be placed in one of the plane’s overhead lockers. If tourists do opt to bring hand luggage only they will need to be careful about the liquids they bring. Britons cannot take bottles larger than 100ml through security and all a passenger’s liquids must fit in one clear plastic bag. Many airports offer plastic bags for free at security and it can be a good idea to use one as it will definitely meet requirements. 