Cameron Norrie’s US Open opponent has responded after he was accused of “tanking” during the British No 1’s 6-0 7-6(1) 6-0 victory. Benoit Paire appeared not to be trying in the 18-minute first set before he took the lead in the second before eventually falling away again as the seventh seed advanced in just 94 minutes.  Norrie got his US Open campaign off to a strong start with a straight-set victory over Paire but all was not as it seemed during the first-round clash, as the controversial Frenchman was accused of tanking most of the match. The world No 173 won just eight points in the 18-minute first set as the Brit took it 6-0. But the former world No 18 managed to step up his level in the second set and shake off the assumptions that he was failing to try and throwing the match. Paire held to win his first game of the match and finally broke Norrie after the pair traded break points, earning the chance to serve for the second set at 5-3. But he suddenly collapsed, getting broken back and being taken to a tiebreak where he won the first point before losing it 7-1, and the final set lasted just 19 minutes as Paire was served another bagel. The 33-year-old has now responded to claims he tanked the match, explaining that his “demons” returned. JUST IN: Alcaraz advances at US Open as Baez forced to retire with cramps “I'm going back on vacation so it was a little break between my vacations,” he said of his short-lived US Open stint. “My demons came back again.” The three-time title winner has previously been accused of tanking in previous matches on the tour, and questioned whether he should end his season after the disappointing loss. Paire added: “I'm not sure to continue the season, maybe stop there and I'll see if I resume next year.” And there were even more worrying comments from the Frenchman, who admitted that he no longer cared about his results as his old habits of erupting on court were long gone. DON'T MISS US Open star shares emotional Grand Slam 'tortures' top players avoidNick Kyrgios was texting Kokkinakis 'minutes before' US Open matchEmma Raducanu told how to improve sketchy form ahead of US Open  Explaining how he had struggled with being away from home after the lockdown, the former world No 16 hinted at a potential retirement. “I don't even want to get angry on a tennis court anymore. It's not a good sign,” he said.  “If I don't get angry, it's because I don't care. Lockdown has revolutionised my life. I liked being at home. Going back to the circuit, the trips, it becomes very difficult." 