  Sam Fannon, who was best known for playing horse-drawn carriage coachman Kev in Emmerdale, has died aged 31. The actor’s family has confirmed the sad news, describing Sam as a “sensitive soul”.     Sam's sister Amy Kelly paid tribute to the late star, saying: "Sam was a whirlwind, a unique character to say the least. "He genuinely cared for others and was a very sensitive soul. “It is clear from the tributes we have received that he touched the hearts of so many.’’ Close friend Lewis Matthews added: "Sam was a ‘real life Duracell bunny' with a seemingly endless supply of energy and love. READ MORE: Anne Heche 'rushed to hospital with burns as car crashes into house'     "He delighted audiences with his charm, wit and his wonderful musical abilities." The star's death is being investigated by police but is not being treated as suspicious. Sam starred on the ITV soap alongside Emma Atkins - who plays Charity Dingle - back in 2019. As Sam tragically died in California, his family have had to start a JustGiving page to raise money to bring him back home to the UK.      "Due to the recent and sudden passing of Sam. All donations will be put towards the repatriation of his body from the US and his funeral," they penned. "We are putting the target as £17,000 as we do not yet know the actual cost. “Sam was a true performer, and any extra money raised will be donated to a UK charity supporting youth theatre, a cause close to Sam’s heart." Amy has discussed plans to set up a foundation in her brother's name for those who "need extra support". READ MORE... Demi Rose bares all as she reclines topless narrowly covering modesty [PIC] Kate Humble's frustration over invasive question with husband [LATEST] Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday [UPDATE]    Apart from his stint on ITV’s Emmerdale, Sam also appeared in a short film titled Talking with Angels with TV star John Thomson. The majority of the star’s career took place on stage, where he worked with regional theatre groups on successful tours of the country. The actor regularly made appearances with Gobbledigook Theatre and The Northumberland Theatre Company. Tributes to the actor have come pouring in on his Crowdfunding page, with Claire and David Hakin writing: "The very best of men, always with a smile and a joke.       “Ready to help anyone, always kind and entertaining." Indigo Camryn added: "Sam. I wish you were here so I could tell you how amazing you were, how much you made me laugh and how much I miss you already." On Twitter, Zoe Iqbal wrote: “Can’t imagine what his family are going through. Xx You will be missed Sam.” (sic) While Rob Ward penned: “Sam always had a smile on his face, along with a series of gags and one-liners that would put one on yours! Lovely, warm, thoughtful guy. “Thoughts are with his loved ones. Please give anything you can spare to help them in this unbelievably difficult time.”   