Trees are prone to damage and disease in the summer, especially in periods of extreme weather. As a second heatwave looms, one forestry expert has urged gardeners to take extra care of their trees to keep them healthy in the “unpredictable” climate. Here are the four key things you need to do to protect your trees and avoid being fined thousands for dangerous or damaged perennials on your property. Caring for small plants such as shrubs and flowers is often the first thought in the hot, dry weather, but many gardeners forget about large trees growing on their property. While small trees are relatively safe even when broken or damaged, large and tall species can be problematic when they become unstable. To keep trees in good condition, Paul Chappell, owner of forestry tool supply company DTW Tools has urged gardeners to follow a few simple steps to “limit damage” caused by the extreme weather conditions. READ MORE:  Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' READ MORE: Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' Summer pruning is highly recommended for many fruit trees including apple and pear trees, but they’re not the only kind that will benefit from some gentle cutting and shaping. According to Mr Chappell, pruning is also essential for large established plants to help remove damaged growth. He said: “Identifying any diseased, dead or dangerous branches and removing them will prolong the life of your tree and keep them healthy over the summer period. “Remember to assess the tree before pruning smaller branches with secateurs.” He explained that while most trees can be done safely with some tools, larger branches may need the help of a professional tree surgeon. In addition to prolonging the lifetime of an established tree, summer pruning also encourages a more vibrant and lively appearance. By pruning old growth away, the tree is more exposed to sunlight and therefore able to grow more efficiently. Mr Chapell added that cutting back parts of the tree as helps to counterbalance root loss, making for a more “visually appealing outside space”. Taking the time to inspect the trees growing in your garden is very simple but also crucial to keep new growth healthy and stable. Take a good look at the foliage, trunk and branches to spot unusual colours or dying growth. Mr Chapell said: “Make sure you are looking for obvious signs of distress such as a large number of dead branches, late blooms or leaves that drop early. “Check for healthy leaf colours and the shape and overall size of your tree’s leaves, as well as signs of pest damage, water stress, mechanical damage and nutrient deficiencies.” In most cases, distress caused by disease or weather damage is easily visible, though you should check regularly in extreme weather to spot sudden changes. DON'T MISS:Use certain coloured lighting to ‘repel’ mosquitoes from homes [INSIGHT]'They have all disappeared' Mrs Hinch fans share tips to remove ants [REVEAL]‘Haven’t seen any since!’ Deter spiders from your home with 47p hack [ANALYSIS] The hot, humid weather is often followed by strong winds and high rainfall, both of which can have a significant impact on the structure of trees. Mr Chapell explained that the best way to “limit the damage” caused by these kinds of conditions is to keep the tree secure using stakes and secateurs. You can do this by tying back and securing loose growth onto stakes, or removing weak branches altogether. He said: “This will help keep your tree stable and strong, especially if it is young." Soil care is very important for tree health in summer, as insufficient nutrient levels can cause problems. Mr Chapell noted that mulching the area around your tree is particularly important during expected droughts as mulch helps to retain soil moisture and shields the tree’s roots from high temperatures. To do this, try removing the grass around your tree and cover the roots in organic mulch. According to Mr Chapell, this will help to increase the amount of moisture in the soil for roots to absorb, while regulating the soil temperature. The experts at Trees.org explained that the safety of trees is nearly always the responsibility of the owner of the land on which they grow; but there are some exceptions, such as when a rental agreement requires the tenants of a property to manage the trees. Under this rule, the tree owner or manager has a "common law" duty of care to: “Take reasonable care to avoid acts or omissions which they can reasonably foresee would be likely to injure their neighbour.” In addition to common law, there are also a several ways that trees can be protected in the UK. Tree Preservation Orders (TPOs) are one of the most common, and could land property wonders a significant fine if the terms are broken. Mr Chapell said: “Remember to be aware of the laws when removing and caring for trees. “It is a fineable offence to cut down, uproot and destroy any tree that is subject to a TPO, in a Conservation Area or over five cubic metres in volume. “Anyone who breaches the rules may be fined up to £20,000, prosecuted for felling without a licence and served a notice to replace any protected trees that have been destroyed. Serious offences may be subject to unlimited fines.”