Despite being stripped of his military titles and royal patronages, the Duke of York continues to have round-the-clock Scotland Yard protection. The Queen's second son is said to have three protection officers who cost around £100,000 a year in wages, flights, perks and hotels. It is not known the exact cost of Andrew's security as it's never discussed by Buckingham Palace nor the Metropolitan police. However, it's previously been reported the figure could be as high as £2million. Meanwhile, Prince Harry has been embroiled in a lengthy court battle with the Home Office over a decision to strip him of security while in the UK.  Royal expert Omid Scobie said the Royal and VIP Executive Committee (RAVEC), which includes senior aides of the royal household and former government officials, "don't appear to have a clear set of guidelines" for who can be afforded security in the Firm. He added: "If they did then surely the sensitivities around Prince Andrew and his security arrangements would have come under immense scrutiny. "Though stripped of all royal patronages and military affiliations after the shame of his close friendship with a paedophile billionaire and paying out millions to rape accuser Virginia Giuffre, Andrew’s Scotland Yard protection remains an annual and unchallenged cost of around $500,000 to the British taxpayer". Prince Andrew vehemently denied the claims brought against him by accuser Virginia Guiffre in a US civil court and an out-of-court settlement was agreed with no admission of guilt on his part. READ MORE: Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden's engagement ring was a 'bold break' Earlier this year, the Home Office ruled that Prince Harry and his family could not have police protection in the UK, despite Harry saying he would pay for it himself. More recently, the Duke won a bid to bring a High Court challenge against the Home Office after arguing that the royal household should not have been involved in the decision - the Queen's top aide was on the deciding committee. Mr Scobie said: "RAVEC’s lawyers argue that they were entitled to reach its decision, which currently sees Harry’s security arrangements considered on a case-by-case basis. "However, it seems cruel in the extreme to allow Prince Andrew round-the-clock police protection but not the future King’s son".  The Home Office previously recommended a significant downgrade of security for the Duke after he withdrew from his public duties. Speaking about Andrew's taxpayer-funded security costs, Graham Smith, of the anti-monarchy group Republic, said: “If Andrew is not performing public duties, there is no reason to employ security. “He can privately pay for any security he wants. “If the Home Office and police have looked at the risk and judged that he does not warrant round-the-clock security then it is appropriate. “To have another look at it due to pressure from the Queen is unacceptable.” 