The high fibre content of prunes makes them the ideal contender to combat constipation and preserve gut health, but the benefits extend to various other health concerns too. The findings of a new study suggest that eating 50 grams of prunes daily could protect the bones, by upholding mineral density. This is important for longevity, as growing evidence shows strong and healthy bones could impact lifespan by lowering the odds of complications like osteoporosis, which is associated with higher morbidity and mortality rates. The latest research found that eating prunes daily could prevent loss of hip bone mineral density and protect postmenopausal women against hip fractures. The findings, published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, assessed the effects of the dietary intervention on 235 women every six months. The sample was split into three groups; one served as a control, while a second group ate 50 grams of prunes daily, and a third consumed 100 grams of prunes daily. Total hip bone mineral density measurements revealed that women who ate 50 grams of prunes - or six prunes every day - preserved bone mineral density at the six and twelve-month assessments. READ MORE: How to live longer: Climbing nighttime temperatures may prove deadly These antioxidants have the ability to reduce inflammation in the body, helping preserve the density of bones. Prunes could also increase levels of certain hormones implicated in bone formation. The fruit contains several nutritional compounds known for their bone-protective effects, including vitamin K, phosphorus, magnesium and potassium. The latest findings chime with previous research that has linked prune intake with lower rates of osteoporosis, which is characterised by low bone density. READ MORE: How to live longer: Simple exercises to burn off sugar - doctor Early research published in the Ageing Research Reviews, suggested the fruit may both prevent bone density loss and reverse bone density loss that has already occurred. It is not just the bones, however, that benefit from regular prune consumption. The effects of polyphenols may also positively impact the heart by mitigating some of the risk factors for heart diseases, such as high cholesterol and high blood pressure. The health platform ProHealth Longevity explains that these chemicals act as antioxidants in the body and scavenge for damaging reactive oxygen species and free radicals.