Devi Vishwakumar (played by Maitreyi Ramakrishnan) has had her eye on school jock Paxton Hall-Yoshida (Darren Barnet) for years and finally at the end of Never Have I Ever season two, they finally became a couple much to the disappointment of Ben Gross (Jaren Lewison). But the course of true love and adolescence never runs smoothly with the high schooler's insecurities getting the better of her, leading Paxton and Devi to split. Many Never Have I Ever fans have been left wondering who Devi chooses in the end out of Ben and Paxton in the Netflix series. Season 1 - Team Ben Devi ended up sharing a kiss with Paxton after he dropped her home following a disastrous night out. She also rejected Ben's advances after he drunkenly tried to kiss her not once but twice despite dating Shira Leidman (Hannah Stein). However, Devi ultimately chose Ben and realised she had feelings for him after he helped her to get to Malibu in time to spread her father Mohan Vishwakumar's (Sendhil Ramamurthy) ashes with her mother Nalini (Poorna Jaganathan) and cousin Kamala Nandiwadal (Richa Moorjani). Devi realised how much Ben cared for her and the pair ended up in a passionate kiss while Paxton left her a voicemail. READ MORE: Never Have I Ever season 4: Will there be another series? Season 2 - Team Paxton Even though it seemed Ben and Devi were now an item, she still couldn't resist the prospect of dating Paxton and started two-timing both boys. She was going to choose Ben but her friends Fabiola Torres (Lee Rodriguez) and Eleanor Wong (Ramona Young) talked her out of it, leading to her indecision and ill-conceived idea of dating both of them. Her deception was quickly uncovered, along with a pros and cons list of both of them and Devi found herself single again. Throughout season two, Devi was desperately trying to win Ben back after feeling like she should have trusted her gut in the first place. In his anger, Ben started dating new girl Aneesa Qureshi (Megan Suri) and yet he still harboured feelings for Devi which he tried to bury. Devi was heartbroken as she saw Ben and Aneesa happy together, realising she'd messed up big time. Nonetheless, Ben always looked out for Devi and even sought her out in the girls toilets to comfort her after Paxton publicly rejected her when she asked him to prom. Paxton was secretly seeing Devi and they would make out behind closed doors. He told her how he wasn't into public displays of affection and wanted to keep their relationship under wraps, leaving Devi upset. But in a last-minute change of heart after Devi helped him improve his grades and set him on the right trajectory to college, Paxton gave Devi a second chance by turning up to the prom. The pair decided to start dating and shared a kiss on the dance floor while a heartbroken could simply watch on. To make matters worse, Eleanor revealed Devi wanted to choose Ben but she and Fab had talked their friend out of it. Eleanor also said Devi had been jealous of Ben and Aneesa and had tried to keep them apart with her actions having the opposite reaction. Season 3 - Team Ben Daxton debuted two weeks after prom as a fully-fledged couple but their romance crashed and burned as Devi was left feeling insecure about why a popular jock like Paxton would be dating an academic over-achiever like her. Paxton ended things, telling Devi he couldn't be with her until she could finally like herself with the teen nursing a broken heart. During this time, Devi seemed to get over Paxton by kissing another student at school. She also got herself a new boyfriend in the form of Nirdesh (Anirudh Pisharody), but again it didn't last after his overbearing mother Rhyah (Sarayu Blue) forced her son to break up with him because Devi had issues which she feared would send him off-kilter from getting into Stanford University. Devi told Ben about her relationship woes and he jokingly took pity on her, handing her a slip of paper for "one free boink". Little did he expect Devi to take him up on his offer in the final moments of season three, however, the scene cut to the closing credits before fans found out whether they did the deed little alone if they kissed. DON'T MISS...Did Paxton leave Never Have I Ever? [ANALYSIS]Never Have I Ever season 3 cast: Who is Parker? [EXPLAINER]Never Have I Ever review: If Sex Education and Heartstopper had baby [VERDICT] Season 4 - Team Devi? The fourth and final season of Never Have I Ever has been filmed but fans will have to wait to find out who Devi ultimately chooses. Never Have I Ever’s co-creator Lang Fisher recently told Deadline: “Well, the whole structure of season four is going to be Devi’s senior year. “So what we were going for in season three—before I finish this sentence, I want you to know Paxton Hall-Yoshida is in season four. He’s in it as much as in season three, so the love triangle is not over.” However, lead Ramakrishnan has said since season one, she is steadfastly Team Devi and wants her character to ultimately choose herself and self-love. She said in a recent interview: “I’m of course Team Devi. As the person playing this character, who I’ve just become attached to and love and adore, I only want her to grow and if that means messiness, then bring it on. If that means like really hard decisions, bring it on.” The star continued to E!: “I’ve been asked a lot like, ‘What do you hope for for season four, like what do you hope happens?’ I can’t say what I hope happens because what I hope happened did happen and I would just be giving spoilers. Truly I think season four is exactly what I would have wanted.” Fellow co-creator Mindy Kaling praised the young star for keeping the story under wraps. Could this mean Devi is single and ready to mingle for college when Never Have I Ever wraps up? Never Have I Ever season 3 is streaming on Netflix now