During Tuesday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, footballer Chloe Kelly gave her first live studio interview since England were crowned the Women’s Euro Champions 2022. Speaking to presenters Richard Madeley and Kate Garraway she had nothing but kind words to say about her coach Sarina Wiegman.  The 24-year-old revealed she’s yet to watch the game back since winning on Sunday evening and is enjoying living in the moment. With the match going into overtime after England and Germany were at 1-1, the game would have gone into penalties if Chloe hadn’t scored the winning goal. Speaking about the incredible moment, Kate said: “All we were thinking about was, ‘Oh no it’s going to penalties I can’t bear it!' “Do penalties strike as much fear into England’s women's team as they know the jinx of it to the men?”    The footballer admitted the girls on the team don’t think about them before referring back to the game against Spain. “We thought we were going to win it in extra time and we weren’t really looking at penalties,” Chloe told the presenters. Touching on Sunday’s final game, she said: “I did say to the goalkeeper coach at halftime for extra time, ‘I’m not fancying a penalty.' “He said to me, ‘well win it then!”   Luckily for her, the match didn’t need to go into penalties after her goal took England’s score to 2-1 and resulted in them winning the game. To celebrate the goal, Chloe took her football shirt off and swung it around her head as her teammates cheered her on. Speaking about the moment, she told Kate and Richard: “You celebrate for what the moment is and not,  ‘Am I allowed to take my shirt off?’ “No! I’m taking my shirt off and going crazy, because a man footballer, they’d be doing exactly the same. So as a woman, why can’t we?”  Although there was a moment of hesitation before celebrating as Chloe admitted she was unsure if the referee was going to give her the goal. She said: “I was looking at the ref and thinking, ‘What’s she calling it, is it a free kick? Is it a goal?’ “I think everything to do with VAR and things like that, you’re thinking I don’t want to celebrate too much, I want to make sure. “I was still holding my shirt then, thinking, ‘Is it coming off or what?’ I don’t want to take it off if they cancel out the goal - I was ready to take this off and go crazy.”   Elsewhere in the interview, Chloe had nothing but kind words to say about manager Sarina as she called her “amazing”. She explained: “When you have a manager that’s experienced winning, you just buy into it.  She’s an amazing woman, we love her, she’s a really great coach but also a people person. “She looks after us as a group. She keeps us grounded as well as boosting us and getting us hyped for the game, she keeps us grounded. “We had the same words throughout the tournament - ‘Inspire the next generation, inspire the country’ and we have done that.” Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV at 6am  