This comes as homes across the UK prepare for their energy bills to exceed £3,600 in October following the hike to the price cap. Experts are citing that households could save hundreds of pounds a year if they upgrade or install a new boiler into their home. However, a recent breakdown by Boiler Central suggests the cost of such an installation could be as much as £3,300. Listing the most common boiler installations, the energy experts highlighted the installation cost for a home without a boiler comes to £2,899. Furthermore, converting from a back boiler to a combi boiler would cost a household £3,299 on average. Replacing a combi boiler is relatively cheaper for some homes with an average installation cost of £1,795. Despite the expense, installing a new boiler into your home could increase the value of someone’s home by as much as £8,000, according to GoCompare’s Property Investment Calculator. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out As well as this, households which convert from a G-rated to A-rated boiler could save up to £580 a year on a household’s energy bills after the price cap rises. Currently, the energy price is set to rise in October but it will go up again in January to £4,266 under current estimates. Myles Robinson, an energy expert at Boiler Central, outlined the true expense of boiler installation in homes. Mr Robinson explained: “Replacing a boiler can be costly, especially in the current climate, however as you can see, there are lots of benefits to adding a new boiler to your home, as it will cut down your energy bills and add value to your home. “Some old boilers cost more to fix than replacing it too, so it is important to weigh up your options.” The boiler expert noted that consumers can ask for different payment options to split the cost over an extended period of time. To help households save money on their energy bills over the next year, experts are sharing why homes should keep their boilers on even during the warmer months. A Boiler Central spokesperson added: “Most homeowners believe turning their boiler off as soon as summertime hits should be a given, but this is far from the case. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments “Turning your boiler off for long periods can cause more harm than good, which is why it is important to turn your heating on now and again. “This will protect the internal workings of older and modern boilers and prevent them from seizing up. “If you turn your boiler off at the beginning of May and don’t turn the central heating on again until the months of autumn, you may have trouble bringing your boiler completely back to life. “This will affect appliances such as your central heating, hot water for your mains shower, and some washing machines that can take hot water from the boiler. “In the worst-case scenario, parts may need to be replaced, which will cost both time and money – especially if you need to hire a central heating specialist for the job.” Recently, the Government launched the Boiler Upgrade Scheme to help households transition into more environmentally-friendly energy usage. This scheme offers households £5,000 towards the cost of an air source heat pump and £6,000 towards the cost of a ground source heat pump. On top of this, the Government is awarding £5,000 for homes to install biomass boilers for properties in rural areas that are not connected to the gas grid.