Paris Saint-Germain reportedly view Neymar’s links to Chelsea as nothing more than a rumour and aren’t thinking about sanctioning a move for the ace. The west London giants have been tipped to sign the player before the summer transfer window slams shut on Thursday. Chelsea have started the new Premier League season with an indifferent run of results and have racked-up just seven points from their opening five games. On Tuesday night, Thomas Tuchel’s men suffered their second defeat of the campaign as they were beaten 2-1 by Southampton at St Mary’s Stadium. And the Blues are desperate for more reinforcements before the deadline passes. Ahead of their game in Hampshire, reports emerged that claimed the Blues were working on a deal to take Neymar to Stamford Bridge. But, according to CBS Sports Golazo, there has been no club-to-club contact between PSG and Chelsea, and the French champions aren’t contemplating a sale. Neymar endured a miserable campaign last season and faced the wrath of some supporters after PSG were knocked out of the Champions League in the last 16 by Real Madrid. The Brazil international, who has scored 74 goals in 119 games for his country, failed to find the back of the net once in Europe and was largely ineffective during the two-legged showdown with Madrid. JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel   But the forward has begun the new campaign in much better form and has bagged a staggering six goals and six assists in his first four league matches. And his fine displays have helped his side storm to the top of the Ligue 1 table as they look to retain their title. If a move for Neymar is out of the question, Chelsea could instead turn up the heat to get one of their other deals over the line. The Blues have been heavily linked with Everton starlet Anthony Gordon and Barcelona veteran Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, as well as Crystal Palace maestro Wilfried Zaha. And a late deal for Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong could still be on the cards. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes      Chelsea’s chances of signing Gordon appear to be diminishing, with the Toffees desperate to hold onto him. And the Blues are playing hardball with Barca over Aubameyang’s transfer fee. Zaha has emerged as a potential target in recent days, while the speculation around De Jong’s future has rumbled on all summer. Tuchel has already signed Marc Cucurella, Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney Chukwuemeka, Gabriel Slonina this summer. But with his side struggling for results, the German may have to get more deals done if he has any intentions of competing for silverware in the Premier League and Champions League this season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 