JK Rowling, 57, has spoken about why she didn’t attend the recent Harry Potter reunion. The renowned author clarified that her decision to not attend was linked to the fact the reunion was a celebration of the films, rather than the books. It comes after she has faced criticism in recent years for her comments on the transgender community in a series of contentious tweets. Despite speculation that this was the reason she didn’t attend, the author confirmed that she was invited, but simply declined the offer. She spoke on Virgin Radio to Graham Norton about the subject, explaining she “didn’t want to be a part of it.” The star said: “I was asked to be on that and I decided I didn't want to be a part of it. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life  “It was about the films not the books, quite rightly. That was what the anniversary was about. “So no one said don't [do it]… I was asked to do it and I decided not to." She went on to say she was never advised against making an appearance on the show. In 2020, she tweeted an article named "Creating a more equal post COVID-19 world for people who menstruate". Referencing the title, the writer penned in view of her 13.9 million followers: “‘People who menstruate.' I'm sure there used to be a word for those people. “Someone help me out. Wumben? Wimpund? Woomund?" Following these comments, Daniel Radcliffe, who portrayed Harry Potter in the series, spoke out in defence of the trans community. He also took to Twitter to make his stance on the issue very clear. READ MORE... Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [UPDATE] TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [LATEST] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [UPDATE] Daniel wrote on The Trevor Project: “(Jo) is unquestionably responsible for the course my life has taken, as someone who has been honoured to work with and continues to contribute to The Trevor Project for the last decade. “Just as a human being, I feel compelled to say something at this moment. "Transgender women are women. Any statement to the contrary erases the identity and dignity of transgender people. “It goes against all advice given by professional health care associations who have far more expertise on this subject matter than either Jo or I." In a similar vein, Hermione Granger actress Emma Watson appeared at this year’s BAFTA awards ceremony to jokingly address the subject of trans women. It came after she was welcomed to the stage by Rebel Wilson. "Here to present the next award is Emma Watson," she said. "She calls herself a feminist, but we all know she’s a witch." In response, 31-year-old Emma reiterated: "I’m here for ALL the witches."