 Journalist Simon McCoy was in the studio and said of Princess Charlotte, "She’s delightful isn’t she, just charming!" Rochelle added: "I feel like we’re seeing more of them at the moment which I actually really like. "I loved all those pictures of little Louis at the Jubilee when he was pulling the faces. "It’s quite nice as a parent to see those moments! READ MORE: Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language  "It’s nice to see royal children being normal and behaving normally and the Royal Family not expressing any embarrassment about that. "They are allowed to be out there and just be themselves." Vernon commented saying: "Within the Royal Family, it’s nice to see this side." Mr McCoy agreed, saying: "That’s a very serious point because you’re looking at the legacy.   "We’re looking at the next generation and these images are quite deliberate. "It's not for no reason there are photographers in the right place to get these pictures. "But everybody is going, 'Yeah that’s nice to see'." Charlotte and Louis made headlines for pulling faces during their royal outings, but the same cannot be said for Prince George.  Prince George, nine, appeared at the Euros Men's Football final last year with his parents, Kate and William. He also appeared at the Wimbledon final earlier this year. On both occasions, he was wearing a shirt, tie and blazer. He also behaved impeccably, which is most likely because he has had royal etiquette training as a future King. Judi James, a body language expert, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about George's good behaviour at the Wimbledon final. She said: "George clearly adored his visit and was even seen clapping enthusiastically at moments when his parents were not, suggesting some authentic excitement for what he was watching. "His delighted expression at meeting the winner and being allowed to hold the trophy did suggest some hero-worship. "But the real expressions of pride came from William and Kate as they beamed down at their eldest child."