Former flight attendant Celina Bedding said when it comes to packing, "for me what works best is folding the clothes as if you were to place them in a drawer". Celina explained whenever she goes on holiday or travels for work, she always tries to "make clothes as square and rectangular as possible". Travellers should fold and place their clothes in the suitcase as if it was a drawer and always "follow the suitcase shape and press them down before building another layer". The flight attendant continued: "You will notice some gaps in between the clothes and the edges of the suitcase. "In those areas, I will roll up a piece of clothing that I don't mind being creased," she explained. READ MORE: Mum slams Center Parcs for 'massive health and safety hazard'  This hack is very useful "to save the maximum space". Simply place clothes or small accessories in the gaps, such as pyjamas, socks or underwear. "Make the whole bunch of clothing as sturdy as possible!" Celina recommended. "The best tip of all when it comes to packing suitcases" according to the flight attendant is to "never put a valuable, irreplaceable item or money in the suitcase you are going to dispatch". Travellers should avoid placing cash and valuable items in their checked-in luggage as they are often lost or damaged.  "Instead, put them in your carry-on luggage as those stay with you the whole time," Celina advised. The crew member added she always goes on trips with extra plastic bags and "some cute fabric ones you can buy online" to place her dirty clothes. This is "another good tip so they don't mix with the clean clothes," she said. In a video Celina shared on social media she advised placing "the clothes you plan to wear the first days of your trip" in the carry-on luggage, in case the suitcase gets lost. She also recommended packing the items that "you are attached to and you don't want to lose" in your carry-on. These could be "irreplaceable things such as documents or old photos". READ MORE: Princess Beatrice summer holiday with family at affordable destination Also, place the things that could break in the cabin bag, "such as presents you bought for your loved ones". Celina said she always carries moisturizer and thermal spring water spray because "after so many hours on the plane, the skin gets very dry". Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz added that if despite all these tips, holidaymakers need more space for their belongings, they can use the "laptop case packing hack". He revealed travellers can "carry more" by taking a laptop case with them as they can be carried "in addition to a cabin bag" and airlines "will never check them". Miguel explained: "Simply wrap some of your clothes around the laptop. Or place other heavier stuff into the computer bag. "This is not only a great way to carry more but also very useful to avoid baggage fees for overweight luggage." This is because "the laptop case never gets weighted and you can always place some of your belongings there," he said. The crew member added: "Also if your checked-in bag gets lost, you will have some spare clothes and underwear. And you don't even have to carry a laptop!" Miguel revealed.