Like many household pests, cockroaches thrive in warm, humid environments and will quickly find their way indoors in search of food and shelter. As the temperature climbs, these fast-moving critters could become even more prevalent in British homes, so what can you do to deter them from your property? According to a pest control expert, homemade solutions are often safer and cheaper than commercial products, and all you need is four ingredients to control an infestation in your house. While cockroaches are not as common as ants, flies, and other household pests, they are known to make an appearance towards the end of summer in the UK. Adam Juson, co-founder of pest control experts, Merlin Environmental told Express.co.uk: “Infestations are more likely in the summertime because the increase in temperature spurs them to feed and reproduce at a much faster rate. “When the temperature gets too hot, even roaches that usually stay outdoors will make their way into your home or business in search of food, water, and shelter.” READ MORE: ‘Works every time’: ’Homemade’ solution for getting rid of ants Large infestations of cockroaches should always be handled by professional pest control services, however, smaller infestations are often manageable at home. While sticky traps, bait stations and insecticidal sprays can work to get rid of cockroaches, Adam noted that they are often more expensive than homemade remedies. Instead, he recommended a quick recipe made up of just four staple ingredients which you probably already have at home. To make the anti-cockroach powder, all you need is borax, flour, cornmeal and sugar. In a large bowl, combine one cup of borax, one cup of cornmeal and half a cup of flour. Add in one quarter of a cup of sugar and stir the ingredients together. Adam said: “Sprinkle the solution in the places where roaches are active, such as behind refrigerators, in cabinets, and in closets. “Every so often, change the solution with a fresh one. “The insects will pass through it, consume it, and perish. Just like that.” Using homemade solutions is a great way to control an existing infestation but it is also important to prevent further swarms of cockroaches from entering your home. While they are crafty in their methods of getting into buildings, there are a few preventative steps you can take to make your space less inviting for these unpleasant creatures. Cockroaches enter homes by squeezing through gaps in foundations, walls, and under doors. Adam said: “Since they can be difficult to observe, the easy access points might even go unnoticed by you, but an expert should be able to point out the entry points. “When summer heat drives them to look for cooler hiding places or in the autumn to survive the winter, cockroaches are most active in their attempts to enter inside spaces.” DON'T MISS:Norway energy cut: UK urged to take drastic measures [INSIGHT]Energy Bills: What will happen if you don’t pay? [REVEAL]How to 'reduce your electricity bill' with solar panels [ANALYSIS] Even the tiniest crumbs could be enough to attract pests, so be sure to give your floors a thorough cleaning on a daily basis. Don’t forget to clean underneath appliances both on the ground and on top of surfaces too. Because roaches are more active at night when no one is present, it is a godd idea to make a habit of leaving a crumb-free space before you go to bed. Adam explained that cockroaches are very attracted to moisture because, like people, they require water to exist. Leaks, dripping taps and damp will quickly draw pests in, so it is crucial to get on top of any plumbing problems you may have around the house. Using a dehumidifier in bathrooms and kitchens can also help to ward off these pesky bugs. Many food items are housed in cardboard and thin plastic, both of which can be chewed by cockroaches. All products in thin packaging, including cereal, flour, and sweet treats should be stored in plastic solid tubs for quick and simple protection from pests. Cockroach infestations are easy to spot if you see the bugs themselves in your home, but there are a few other tell tale signs to look out for. These bugs are are notorious for leaving their droppings wherever they go, but they pay close attention to places like cabinet tops, fridge and stove bottoms, and floor corners. A single cockroach is unlikely to leave behind an offensive scent that is overpowering enough for you to notice, but several of them will make the air surrounding your house or place of business smell off. Cockroaches lay 20–50 eggs in each long, hollow, light brown egg casings that get left behind. If you notice casings around refrigerator bases, around leaky pipes, or in food cupboards, you should act quickly to manage the cockroach problem before it gets out of hand. Many people are allergic to specific proteins found in the exoskeletons and droppings of cockroaches, so look out for unexplained symptoms such as: