The Brexit Opportunities Minister, a key ally to the outgoing Prime Minister, claimed it was "not realistic" to think Mr Johnson could make a return to Downing Street. Mr Johnson announced he would stand down as Prime Minister pending a Tory Party leadership contest in July after he faced a Cabinet cabal. However, the Uxbridge & South Ruislip MP has repeatedly hinted about a potential return to Downing Street. During his final Prime Minister's Questions, Mr Johnson said it was "probably... certainly" his last despatch box bout against Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. He also claimed his "mission" was "largely accomplished - for now". Jacob Rees-Mogg, who formerly chaired the pro-Brexit European Research Group, told GB News why he thinks Mr Johnson will be unable to stage a comeback. The North East Somerset MP, who is backing Tory leadership frontrunner Liz Truss in the race to replace Mr Johnson, said: “Nobody's come back having lost the leadership of the party since Gladstone." JUST IN: Jacob Rees-Mogg exposes real Brexit reason Tory MPs had knives out for Boris Johnson Mr Rees-Mogg added: “And I just don't think in modern politics, the chance of coming back is realistic. “Lots of people think they're going to be called back by a grateful nation which is why Harold MacMillan waited 20 years before accepting his peerage… Life just isn't like that.” However, Mr Rees-Mogg's comments come while the Sunday Mirror has claimed Mr Johnson and many of his allies are plotting a return to Downing Street if Ms Truss "implodes". A source said: "I think that could well intensify if things go badly for Liz - you get people thinking 'Would he have been any worse?' READ MORE: 'You'll fill arena with EU flags!' Sturgeon sparks Eurovision backlash "She's got strikes coming up, energy bills, inflation the whole lot." Ms Truss leads her Conservative leadership challenger Rishi Sunak in the opinion polls among Tory Party members. According to a survey by Opinium, the Foreign Secretary has opened up a 22-point gap over the former Chancellor. It had previously been suggested that Nadine Dorries could vacate her safe seat in Mid Bedfordshire to give Mr Johnson a larger majority than his Uxbridge & South Ruislip constituency currently affords. However, the outgoing Prime Minister is set to be subject to the forthcoming Commons Privileges Committee inquiry into partygate. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'No clear impact' UK GDP at same level as EU countries [LIVE BLOG]Putin's allies LOSE IT over footage of life returning to normal [VIDEO]Jacob Rees-Mogg delivers withering attack on Rishi Sunak [INTERVIEW]