Robbie Williams, 48, had been fretting about the impact his hair loss might have on his sex symbol status after entering middle age, but has now revealed he is "embracing" the situation. The Angels singer was voted top in the 'Best Haircut' category of a Smash Hits poll back in the 90s, but interventions sadly failed to restore his locks' former glory. Back in 2013, Robbie resolved the issue with a hair transplant. However when he tried to renew it in 2020, he was told another procedure wouldn't be possible, due to his hair now being so thin. The hit singer also tried pricey and potentially painful growth injections directly into his hair follicle, which also proved unsuccessful. On stage these days, the star harbours fantasies that he's still in his 20s - but he recognises that the height of his youth is now over. READ NOW: ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' Fortunately, Robbie was able to see the funny side of his predicament when he discussed it with Zoe Ball on her Radio 2 show. "I'm just going to have to embrace Robbie Williams losing his hair," the lively singer declared. He told old pal Zoe: "We’ve both lived long enough to see me losing my hair. “It’s getting thinner and thinner. No one will give me a thatch job [hair transplant] because they say my hair is too thin." He added: “I can’t take any pills because they depress me." While he prepares for the release of his latest album, titled XXV and available in September via Columbia Records, Robbie is considering his options. During one interview on an Australian radio show, the dad-of-four confided that he was considering covering up his loss with a hairpiece. However, the ones he has been looking at would require him to shave his head completely bald. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury [UPDATE] Line of Duty's Daniel Mays' 'daunting' encounter with Michael Douglas [INTERVIEW] Repair Shop's Jay Blades admits resenting his father for huge lie [LATEST]  "There are these great wigs that you can get now," he enthused. "You have to shave all your hair off and then you have it placed on with glue and it sticks on for a couple of weeks. "I might actually do it just for touring." He described his current hairstyle as "mullety". "When I’m on stage and I’m giving it the big-un, I’m looking at them like I still think I’m 27," the Let Me Entertain You heart-throb explained. "Then I turn behind me and see a 40 foot version of me with three necks and there’s a light shining on the top of my head that makes it look like a baby’s a**e. "I start to get slightly neurotic about declining hair," he confided. However, with Robbie's forthcoming album release celebrating 25 years in the entertainment industry, he has a lot to celebrate, with or without a full head of hair.