Manchester United have been told that they could adopt the same transfer policy as Arsenal as the Red Devils have been slammed for their business this summer. The problems with Erik ten Hag’s squad were on display during their first Premier League game of the season on Sunday in their 2-1 defeat by Brighton at Old Trafford, and club icon Gary Neville was among several to criticise the club’s transfer window. United have brought in just three players this summer but have also struggled to rid their squad of fringe players that have not been able to impact the first team. Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Brandon Williams and Axel Tuanzebe are five players all rumoured to be available for exits this summer but the club have so far been unable to find suitors. Former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell believes that United may have to go down the same route that the Gunners have and “pay them off”, in order to trim the squad. “I think they can get rid of the majority of those players,” Campbell told Football Insider. “A few of them will have to be on loan though. There are some experienced players who are on very good wages. If Manchester United want them off the books they will have to pay them off, just like Arsenal have. “They might have to pay players to leave. This is one of the ways to skin a cat. What is the point of having a player like that out on loan? They will never play for United again. They might be better off paying them to leave. It will be interesting to see who’s still there come 1 September.” Arsenal sporting director Edu has previously claimed that it is an “investment” to let go of players of a certain age if they are not contributing to the first team squad, even if it does come at a financial cost to the club. “Try to avoid one more year with the problem inside, in the dressing room, expensive, not performing," Edu told The Athletic. "Clean, take it out. Even, I’m sorry, if you have to pay. To leave is better. Because that guy is sometimes also blocking someone. I know it hurts, I know it’s strange when I go to the board and say, ‘Sometimes it’s better to pay a player to leave than maintain them’. But I consider it an investment. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join "Sometimes people say, ‘It’s expensive’. I say, ‘No, it’s investment’. But someone will pay if you sell? No, guys — if the player is above 26, 27 and not performing, big salary, no chance.” United's transfer business so far came under further scrutiny after their opening-day defeat against Brighton. Club icon Neville even accused the United board of “abuse” by not signing players to improve the current squad Ten Hag has at his disposal. “It’s actually abuse to keep them doing those jobs for longer because to be fair they don’t enjoy it either,” Neville told Sky Sports. “The reality of it is that those players either need replacing or supporting.”