The younger daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson took to her Instagram account to publicly wish her sister Beatrice a happy birthday. Princess Eugenie penned a heartfelt message dedicated to her beloved sibling, which read: "Happy Birthday to my special big sissy. Love you so much." She also added four snaps, all showing Beatrice and Eugenie with huge smiles on their faces. One of these pictures, though, also featured a third member of the Royal Family - Zara Tindall, the princesses' cousin and only daughter of Princess Anne. In the photograph, which appears to be a selfie, Princess Eugenie's face can be only partially seen as she focuses the camera on her two close relatives. Princess Beatrice, wearing a blue dress with a stunning floral pattern, rests her chin on Zara's shoulder, while the equestrian looks proudly into the camera lenses with a barely concealed smile. Zara wears in this snap the same red dress she donned on June 2, the first day of the long bank holiday weekend in which the Royal Family and the country came together to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, leading to think it was taken on that day. The three royals, their husbands and most other working and non-working members of the Firm gathered on the first day of the celebrations in the Major General's office to watch Trooping the Colour. However, only senior members of the Firm were then allowed to join the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the flypast, which meant Eugenie, Zara and Beatrice had to find another spot to enjoy the spectacle. READ MORE: Meghan Markle entering new chapter as Duchess makes major change In a video shared on her Instagram account at the time, Princess Eugenie showed how she, her husband Jack Brooksbank and their one-year-old son August headed on what appeared to be the roof of St James's Palace to see the aircraft show. Other people can be spotted in the background of the video, likely to be some of her cousins. A few days after the end of the celebratory weekend, Zara's husband Mike Tindall said he and other royals headed for a "good cousin's lunch" following the flypast. During his podcast The Good, The Bad & The Rugby, he told his co-hosts Alex Payne: "We had a good cousins' lunch on the Thursday. That was a highlight!" He also shared on his own Instagram account a picture of himself and Zara, dressed in red, posing outside of The Stafford hotel, suggesting the royals had their lunch there. He wrote: "Great start to the day, thanks to the @thestaffordlondon for having the family. "Also great work by @westcontempeditions raising money for Great Ormond Street Hospital. "Really looking forward to the next four days and celebrating one of the greatest woman on this planet. #platinumjubilee #thequeen". The children's hospital has a long connection with the Royal Family, with the Queen being its current patron. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are not believed to have attended the lunch. Rather, the pair are understood to have returned to Windsor, where their residence in the UK is located, shortly after the end of the parade. Mike also provided a glimpse of how close the York sisters are with his own family on the second day of celebrations. On June 3, after they attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral, Mike shared a picture on his Instagram account showing Zara and Eugenie smiling and hugging. He placed the snap next to pink and orange Starburst candies, the same colours of the gowns donned by the two royal cousins, and added a third, yellow, packet of treats. Expressing his admiration for the pair, he wrote: "When you combine your favourite Starbursts!! Two world-class ladies!! #starburst #platinumjubilee".