The exercises were conducted off Hawaii's coast last week, according to the Pentagon. Combined drills were brought to a halt after 2017 due to a deterioration in relations between Seoul and Tokyo. Relations between South Korea and Japan reached a low point in 2019 as historical disputes dating back to Japan's 1910-1945 occupation of the Korean peninsula resurfaced. However, South Korea's conservative President Yoon Suk-yeol vowed to improve relations with Japan after he entered office in May. He also pledged to strengthen ties with Washington to deter action from Pyongyang. The exercise, which is said to have been a missile warning and ballistic missile search and tracking test, took place between August 8 and 14. JUST IN: Putin to forge closer relationship with North Korea as Russia looks for security in allies The ministry of defence in Seoul also confirmed the exercise on Tuesday. It revealed troops would resume long-suspended live field training. South Korea's ministry of defence also said further joint military drills would be held between August 22 and September 1. The news comes after both nations scaled back combined military drills in recent years due to COVID-19. The three nations reportedly shared tactical data link information which is in accordance with a trilateral information sharing agreement, according to the US defence department. However, combined exercises have previously proved to frustrate Beijing. South Korea's decision in 2016 to host an American military Terminal High Altitude Area Defence battery resulted in economic consequences for Seoul. It has been reported Russian President Vladimir Putin has sent a letter to his North Korean counterpart Kim Jong Un looking to strengthen the bond between the two countries. DON'T MISS:China ‘escalates tensions’ as more US politicians visit Taiwan [LATEST]Boris Johnson house-hunting for post-No10 home in London suburbia [REVEAL]Joe Biden told to 'show some respect and stop undermining Britain' [ANALYSIS]