Body cam footage has captured the moment police officers in Nottingham smashed their way into a parked car on Monday to rescue a dog that had been left inside. The distressed pup, a Shih Tzu, had been spotted barking in distress as the temperature outside the vehicle soared to 26 degrees. The dog's owner had left a window slightly ajar but when police moved in to investigate the wellbeing of the black Shih Tzu they discovered the dehydrated dog had collapsed. Footage shows an officer smashing one of the windows of the silver hatchback before picking up the pooch. He proceeds to reassure the panting dog, saying: 'Come on. Come on pupper.' The policeman then carries the Shih Tzu into the shade before a colleague provides the dog with some much-needed water.  PC Jamie Martin, of the Broxtowe response team, said: "Firstly, I would like to thank staff at NET Nottingham Tram for alerting us to this incident. Had they not done so, it is unlikely the dog would have survived. "Many people think it's OK to leave their dog in the car on a warm day providing the windows are open. But this incident shows that just simply isn't the case. Put simply, you should never leave your dog alone in a car on a warm day. "Whilst it is not illegal to leave a dog in a hot car, owners are legally responsible for their pet's health and welfare. "If a dog became ill or sadly died due to being left in a hot car, owners could be charged with the offence of animal cruelty under the Animal Welfare Act 2006.  "This could lead to a prison sentence and/or a fine." The Shih Tzu was rushed to a pet hospital on the advice of a vet after recording a temperature of 39.1 degrees. According to the Daily Mail, the dog is now making a good recovery and the owner has been invited to attend a police interview. While the case is also to be referred to the RSPCA. Temperatures are set to climb into the 30s on Wednesday as parts of the UK face water shortages and fires ahead of a new heatwave. A Met Office amber warning for extreme heat comes into force for parts of England and Wales from Thursday until Sunday, with temperatures set to climb to 35C or even 36C in some places. There is also a heat health alert in place from the UK Health Security Agency, with experts advising people to look out for those who are older or with existing health conditions, as well as young children. It comes as months of low rainfall and hot spells have left parts of the UK facing drought, prompting hosepipe bans and warnings on the impact on agriculture, rivers and wildlife. READ NEXT