It has been over two years since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down as senior royals, and vowed to "work to become financially independent". Meghan recalled in her latest interview with The Cut her time as a working member of the Royal Family in scathing detail. The Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers has claimed that Meghan is speaking "complete fantasy", particularly in reference to The Cut piece, suggesting the Sussexes are under pressure to deliver captivating content because of "these contracts to fulfill" with Spotify and Netflix. Speaking of The Cut article, Mr Myers told Sunrise: "The whole thing, in this article, is complete fantasy. "Talking about how there would be photographers at their doorstep, they couldn't exist in a normal life within the Royal Family. "It's not only hurtful, it's farcical as well." He added: "I think, certainly, they've got these contracts to fulfill and that's why they keep on drudging these old stories up. READ MORE: 'Not serious': Meghan's White House dream torn apart as Pelosi's team 'laughs' at plan "They are becoming further and further damaging, unfortunately." Due to media regulations and agreements between the Royal Family and the press, royal children are subject to specific rules in order to prevent the publication of unauthorised photographs and preserve their privacy. The couple's decision to step down in 2020, according to the official statement posted on @sussexroyal Instagram, came after "many months of reflection and internal discussions". As Meghan stated in The Cut interview, their accepted exit meant that the couple would "no longer make appearances on behalf of the Queen, would no longer be permitted to use the HRH designation, and would make their own money". READ MORE: Prince Charles to hold on to Queen's properties to give to Princess Charlotte and Louis In the interview, Meghan claimed if her three-year-old son Archie had attended school in the UK, she would not have been able to do school pickup and drop-off without it turning into a "royal photo call". She added there would be "a press pen of 40 people snapping pictures". Meghan claims that that "doesn’t make me obsessed with privacy", it makes her "a strong and good parent protecting my child". In recent years, Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge have also expressed their desire to protect the privacy of their three children. The Cambridges set up a new system wherein the Duchess usually personally takes photos of Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis on special occasions. ITV Royal Editor Chris Ship pointed out the inconsistency of the Duchess' claims on Twitter. Mr Ship wrote: "The only time cameras allowed for school run is on the first day at school. "The only 2 cameras are permitted (one TV, one photo) who agree to share footage with other broadcasters and publications. DON'T MISS: "Is simply wrong for #meghan to claim there would be '40 people snapping pictures.'" Meghan and Harry are due to return to the UK, and Germany, next week to attend a few events by charities "close to their hearts". Their first stop will be Manchester for the One Young World Summit in September, before the couple travel to Germany. On September 6, the couple will attend the one-year countdown event for the 2023 Invictus Games, which were founded by Prince Harry in 2014. On September 8, the couple will return to London for WellChild Awards, a charity that Harry has been patron since 2007. READ NEXT: