A food recall is issued by a supermarket, brand, or organisation when a product is unsafe to eat. This may be because of allergy or health reasons. Tesco is the latest supermarket to withdraw products from its shelves because they are being recalled. Food company Cérélia is recalling two types of its Abra-ca-Debora Dutch Pancakes because of possible contamination with Listeria monocytogenes. These products are sold at Tesco stores in the UK, and online. The packet of six original pancakes, which come in a 375g-sized package, is being recalled. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare The best before dates are August 30 and September 1, 2022. The six sweet Dutch pancakes are also being recalled. They come in a packet 375g in size and have best before dates of August 30 and September 2. The Food Standards Association (FSA) stated the risk this product has on humans if eaten, saying: "The products listed above might be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes "Symptoms caused by this organism can be similar to flu and include high temperature, muscle ache or pain, chills, feeling or being sick and diarrhoea.  "However, in rare cases, the infection can be more severe, causing serious complications, such as meningitis. "Some people are more vulnerable to listeria infections, including those over 65 years of age, pregnant women and their unborn babies, babies less than one month old and people with weakened immune systems." The FSA went on to explain what the company has done to make sure the products are withdrawn from shelves and nobody is harmed. It said: "Cérélia is recalling the above products. Point of sale notices will be displayed in all retail stores that are selling these products. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s role in Charlotte’s life has changed - expert says "These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought any of the products." The FSA recommended: "If you have bought any of the above products do not eat them. "Instead, return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund. "For more information, please contact Cérélia Belgium at qa@cerelia.com." The organisation also explained to consumers what happens when a food product is recalled. It said: "If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. "In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers."