Over 115,000 postal workers are to stage a series of strikes in the coming weeks in a dispute over pay, the Communication Workers Union has confirmed. There are four dates the Royal Mail will be striking, therefore, little to no post will be received by households across the UK. Industrial action will be held on the following dates: The decision to strike comes after a recent ballot for action, which saw members vote by 97.6 percent on a 77 percent turnout to take action. But the CWU believes this would lead to a “dramatic reduction” in workers’ living standards because of soaring inflation, and they say Royal Mail staff deserve share in group's £750m profit. The company, on the other hand, says it's losing million pounds a day. READ MORE: Mum slams adult son's 'outrageous' request after he has his own child CWU general secretary Dave Ward explained: “Nobody takes the decision to strike lightly, but postal workers are being pushed to the brink. “There can be no doubt that postal workers are completely united in their determination to secure the dignified, proper pay rise they deserve. “We can’t keep on living in a country where bosses rake in billions in profit while their employees are forced to use food banks. “When Royal Mail bosses are raking in £758 million in profit and shareholders pocketing £400 million, our members won’t accept pleads of poverty from the company. DON'T MISS... Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ [VIDEO]Meghan Markle’s go-to gesture when she ‘feels too much attention’ [COMMENT]How to keep bananas yellow and firm for 20 days with food storage hack [EXPERT] “Postal workers won’t meekly accept their living standards being hammered by greedy business leaders who are completely out of touch with modern Britain.“They are sick of corporate failure getting rewarded again and again. “The CWU’s message to Royal Mail’s leadership is simple – there will be serious disruption until you get real on pay.” The Royal Mail strike is said to be the biggest strike of the summer so far, as the postal workers demand a “dignified, proper pay rise”. As for the company’s response to the strike annoucement, they said: “Royal Mail believes there are no grounds for industrial action. Royal Mail is ready to talk further with the CWU to try to avert damaging industrial action but it must be about both change and pay. “We have contingency plans in place, and will be working hard to minimise disruption and get our services back to normal as soon as we can to keep people, businesses and the country connected. “Meanwhile you can continue to send your parcels and letters and we would encourage you to post early in advance of these dates.” READ MORE: Royal Mail warning to staff over losses of £1m per day Royal Mail boss Simon Thompson told Sky News last month that the company had offered staff a 5.5 percent pay rise with no strings attached. They have also given workers a unconditional two percent pay increase due to the cost of living that will begin this month. He explained: "Our team definitely deserve a pay increase. “I think we all recognise what's around us in terms of the cost of living crisis. “None of us are immune to that, my team are not immune to that." As for the reaction the news of the strikes has had among the general public, social media is mixed. Vincent tweeted: “@RoyalMail What’s actually incredible is that the service is so poor in my area that no one will even notice they are on strike ! Post going missing, post delivered to wrong address, bank cards never getting delivered ….” Catryn echoed: “Bit of a joke this. We're lucky to get a @RoyalMail delivery once a week as it is at the moment. you need to do the work to be able to complain about pay.” Mands added: “First postal workers strike is set to go ahead on the 26th and 31st  of August- think mine are on strike now as hardly any post again ….” Ashley commented: “Royal Mail going on strike now  another company that will need to give in to pay rises that will be passed on to the end customer.” Maya, on the other hand, said: “Support the strikes! the Royal mail workers put themselves at risk throughout covid working as essential workers, they deserve to get paid a fair wage.”