Nick Kyrgios has admitted he needed treatment as his “body was sore” following his Citi Open quarter-final victory over Frances Tiafoe on Friday. The Australian went on to book his place in Sunday’s final after seeing off Mikael Ymer in the last four on Saturday - and he's vowed to be fully ready for the final. Kyrgios had to come from a set down to get the better of American Tiafoe after losing an opening set tiebreak. But the maverick came out on top of a mammoth second-set tiebreak and kept his composure to win the third set 6-2 as he wrapped-up the victory. Kyrgios’ semi-final clash proved a more straightforward affair as he won another tiebreak in the first set, before taking the second set 6-3. And following his win against the Swede, the 27-year-old explained just how much his quarter-final encounter had taken out of him. “I didn’t get to sleep until 4.50am,” Kyrgios said. “I had so much adrenaline. I ate some dinner, got some treatment - my body was so sore after last night. It was an epic battle. I didn’t really do much today and I felt like my energy was a little flat today early on. It’s understandable - I’m only human - but my adrenaline for the final is going to be right there. I’m super excited for it.” MUST READ: Nick Kyrgios and Andy Murray in US Open danger with tough draw and Medvedev clash looming    Kyrgios has been in imperious form in Washington and is yet to drop serve at the tournament. The Wimbledon finalist has faced four Americans en route to the final and cruised past Marcos Giron, Tommy Paul and Reilly Opelka in the early stages of the tournament. Kyrgios has enjoyed a fine summer of tennis and has reached the semi-finals at five of his last six tournaments. He is now scheduled to play Japanese left-hander Yoshihito Nishioka in Sunday’s showpiece event at the Citi Open. But the ace believes he can improve from his performance in the semis. MORE TENNIS NEWSMurray coach shares Nadal, Federer and Djokovic 'regret''Next Nadal' Carlos Alcaraz seeks Wimbledon revengeNadal faces being sued for pulling out Federer-type tour   “Honestly I didn’t play anywhere near my best tennis today,” the star said after beating Ymer. “The past couple of matches I’ve been on paper, rankings-wise, the underdog but today I definitely felt like the favourite. I served pretty solid. Obviously my winning percentage behind my first serve would have been high, but from the back of the court I didn’t play well at all. “The difference was he stands on the fast and he makes you play that extra ball. He’s an incredible athlete and I really wasn’t expecting him to be that fast. Maybe next time I might have a couple different tactics when I play him, maybe not to try and out rally him - maybe come forward a little bit more. But it was a tough-fought semi-final. I’m just happy to be in another final.” 