Sanya Saleem, 26, is a mental health adviser to doctors in training, based in London. After handing in her notice to the landlord of her “dingy” flat in the capital, she only had two weeks to find another, affordable accommodation. Finding it difficult to find cheap flat that suited her needs, Sanya decided to move into a new accommodation concept: a co-living space in north London called Folk. Describing itself as “renting for folk who want more”, Folk is a brand that is “on a mission to set a new standard for renting”. With accommodation based in Harrow and Earlsfield (and soon Battersea), the company offers studio apartments and spacious shared spaces for those wanting to live in the capital without breaking the bank. The shared spaces include co-working hubs, gyms, and rooftop terraces with incredible views of the London skyline. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how to rid ‘brown stains’ from toilet bowls Sanya, who moved into Folk’s Harrow accommodation in April this year, told Express.co.uk: “I found out about Folk after a late-night Google search, when I was in a blind panic, hoping to find somewhere to stay. “I had handed in my notice and only had two weeks to move. So, it was about 3am on a Monday night when I found it. “I sent an enquiry to find out more information and to book a viewing.” Sanya knew immediately that the space was the “best option for me” as, she said, “it not only had a working toilet, but it was actually pretty”. DON'T MISS: How to remove toilet limescale using 'cheap and effective' method [REVEAL]Four ‘effective’ and ‘natural’ ways to deter pigeons from your garden [EXPERT]Grow ‘vigorous’ lavender plants by avoiding three biggest mistakes [TIPS] “And most importantly, reasonably priced,” the 26-year-old added. “I wouldn't have to live from pay packet to pay packet. It honestly felt game-changing. “And when I got there and met a lovely estate agent named Rajan, I just knew it was the place for me. It felt so right. Everyone was so lovely, warm and inviting, which is exactly how it should be.” Sanya’s Folk studio flat was immediately better than the “small rented flat” she had previously, which was “dark and dingy, yet really expensive”. She continued: “Folk is so affordably priced, especially considering everything it has to offer such as a café, restaurant, gym, screening room and so much more. And it is run by the loveliest people you could ever meet. “The rental price including bills is locked in for 12 months too, which is so, so reassuring given living prices are constantly rising at the moment.” Sanya went on to describe the things she likes most about living at Folk, saying: “I love having access to my own private space, whilst also being able to socialise whenever I want to – it’s the best of both worlds. “Recently, I went to an art therapy event which had been organised by Folk and I found it amazing, and I just couldn’t believe that things like events are firstly on your doorstep, and secondly, were included in the rental price. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “I actually save so much money on social events now because I no longer have to pay for cinema tickets or a gym membership and instead of travelling to meet friends, lots of them now live in the same building. “Often, we take it in turns to cook for each other, using the communal kitchen facilities which has been a great way to meet new people, and I am also going to be hosting a housewarming party in the communal kitchen for my friends soon. “I also utilise the co-working space at least three times a week when I work from home which saves on money too, as in my previous flat, I didn’t have the space to work from home so would have to travel to cafés instead, which just resulted in spending lots of money on coffees.” Sanya also enjoys living in Harrow, which has “lots of green spaces and we have a supermarket nearby, then the train station is literally a three minute walk away so I can travel to the rest of London whenever I need or want to”. Sanya pays £1,313 a month, including bills, for her studio flat at Folk. This includes gym membership, multiple events, access to the co-working space, and “so much more”. The 26-year-old added: “I would 100 percent recommend Folk to everyone I know, and I have. “Firstly, it’s so beautiful – full of modern interiors and art work, and secondly, you have everything you need on your doorstep which is incredibly handy and I don’t believe there is anything else out there quite like it. “The financial security it offers is amazing and you also never have to worry about chasing your landlord on maintenance issues because everything is sorted right there and then by the in-house team. “Living at Folk is so easy – it takes the pain out of traditional renting and it is what I always wished for, without even realising it.”