Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall divide their time between Clarence House and Highgrove House in Gloucestershire. But as their official residence in the capital, Clarence House is often used for formal entertaining and Charles and Camilla often hold receptions at their luxurious home.  Clarence House is steeped in royal history, having first been built by John Nash in the 1820s for King George III's third son, the Duke of Clarence. Many royals have called Clarence House home over the decades, including then Princess Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh in the years before the Queen's reign began. After the death of King George VI, the Queen Mother would live at Clarence House for 50 years until she died in 2002. Heartbroken by the death of his beloved grandmother, Prince Charles moved into Clarence House in 2003.  READ MORE: How Cambridge children are 'dealt with' if they break Kate's rules And while he has put his own stamp on the property, the future King has maintained many of the late royal's interior design choices in tribute. Many areas of Clarence House remain off-limits to the public as it is Charles and Camilla's home, but some rooms are well-documented. Members of Team ExtraOARdinary met Camilla at Clarence House earlier this year, and the room they were sitting in was ornately decorated in blue and gold. Photos showed that several paintings were dotted around the room, and several photographs were laid on tables around what looked like an antique furniture suite.   Royal fans were previously given a glimpse of this room during the state visit of former US president Donald Trump and his wife Melania, and the room boasted stunning green lamps and a plate collection. Another photo previously taken inside Clarence House showed off a corner of The Garden Room boasting a French writing desk with a bust of Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother, underneath the Noah's Ark painting by Leandro Bassano. A grand staircase at Clarence House surrounded by paintings was also shown to the public when Charles delivered a speech in 2007. According to the Royal Collection Trust, Clarence House has a collection of "Chinese porcelain, some originally made for the Royal Pavilion at Brighton, a Tompion clock made for William III at Kensington Palace, and works by Veronese and Carracci."  DON'T MISS: Tam-Na-Ghar: The Scottish hideaway Kate and William loved as students [INSIGHT]Kate and William's new home Adelaide Cottage has heartbreaking link [ANALYSIS]Inside Kate and William's £635m London home they will keep for work [PICTURES] Charles relied on the expert skills of the late interior decorator Robert Kime when he took up residence in the early 2000s. Mr Kime once said of Clarence House: "If you have a view of it being a palace, you are sunk. "The part that is on view to the public had to be slightly monumental, because it is an official residence, but I also wanted to create an atmosphere where one can carry on an ordinary conversation with the Prince without feeling over-awed. "It had to be as comfortable for the gardener to sit down and talk to him as for the Queen of Spain to do so." 