Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has appeared to interject in the club's transfer plans to try and get a deal over the line for Josko Gvardiol. The Blues have been relatively quiet in the transfer market with Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly the only new recruits through the door at Stamford Bridge this summer. With both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen leaving, Tuchel is already short of options in central defence. Koulibaly, Thiago Silva, Cesar Azpilicueta and Malang Sarr are currently the only senior options available to Tuchel. But there remains some uncertainty on Azpilicueta's future at the club with Barcelona continuing to show interest. With just a few days now until the Premier League season gets underway, Tuchel will want reinforcements brought in fast. Chelsea look set to try and hijack Manchester City's move for Marc Cucurella with talks being planned with Brighton. And Tuchel has also made his own move to try and convince the highly-rated Gvardiol of a move to Chelsea, according to Sport1.  It is claimed that Chelsea are 'very interested' in the 20-year-old, who has also attracted interest from Tottenham this summer. The report adds that Tuchel and Gvardiol shared 'a phone call a few days ago'. Whether or not Chelsea will be able to convince RB Leipzig into selling remains to be seen, particularly with little time for the Bundesliga club to find an adequate replacement. It is said that Leipzig have no plans on selling the defender with reports earlier in the summer claiming they were asking for an offer in the region of £75million.  Tuchel is desperate to add more quality to his squad before the transfer window closes and even made an 'urgent appeal' to the club's board for more signings. “My analysing of the season does not change because of this game [against Arsenal]. Unfortunately, it proved my point," he said. “The last week proves my point. I would absolutely prefer not to be right. I did everything to prove myself wrong but at the moment I feel that I was right. I look at the last season and parts of the game where we struggled, parts of the season where we struggled, and then we got sanctioned and players left us and some players are trying to leave us, and this is where it is. “So we had an urgent appeal for quality players, a huge amount of quality players. We got two quality players but we are not competitive like this. Unfortunately you could see it today.”