I have always concentrated more on work than life – the precarious nature of the jobs I have had, from running my own business to working in the media and now being in politics, has meant I do the work when it is there, earn when I can, make hay while the sun shines, and then at the end of the year take a break to relax and refresh – and cannot see what is so bad about that. My work is a major part of who I am and how I want to spend my life, but it seems I am now out of step. Since lockdown there has been a seismic shift in how people view their life – 400,000 people have left the workplace altogether – and for many work has become much less important than life. It cannot be attributed to people in any particular geographical area, or any particular age rage, “post-lockdown leisure syndrome” seems to have affected people of all ages everywhere. Generation Z (up to 25) are delaying entering the workplace, choosing to stay on in education for longer; millennials (26-41) are looking for more part-time work, with flexi-time, career breaks and life experiences; and Generation X (42-57) (particularly the over 50s) are part of the great resignation, taking early retirement. It seems that work has lost its appeal. Global Recruitment Manpower reports that nearly 70 per cent of companies are having difficulty filling vacancies and agency staff are on the rise as people look for a more temporary type of work. Even the chairman of John Lewis, Sharon White, this week spoke out about the disappearance of the over-50s in the workplace. But who is going to do the work that is not getting done? Either it does not get done – impacting all of our lives – or, as some are calling for, we bring in foreign workers. Surely that cannot be the right solution when there are so many already here who could do the jobs. Perhaps we just need to snap out of this malaise and re-discover a work ethic that is good for us in so many ways. In the US, orders for robots went up 37 per cent this year and two-thirds of senior executives are stepping up investment in automation. If they cannot depend on their staff, they will find a reliable workforce they can depend on.  When are the people of Scotland going to wake up to how the SNP is failing their country? From crime to education, the standards in Scotland are falling, but the failing of Scotland’s nationalised ferries is a disgrace of another proportion leading to a shortage of essential food in the Western Isles with islanders not being able to get such basic foods as bread and milk. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been milking the people of Scotland for some time and this situation certainly takes the biscuit. Former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown has crawled out of the woodwork and start pontificating about what the Government should be doing about the energy cost crisis. As the man who single-handedly destroyed pension schemes, bankrupted the NHS through PFI schemes and sold off the country’s gold reserves at bargain-basement prices, I think we can rather manage without his advice.   How on earth did student Karl Andersson get the University of Manchester to allow him to publish a PhD in “masturbation”? I know we have seen plenty of dumbing down in recent years, but this is beyond insulting for an academic institution, it is making a mockery of the place. Full marks to the student for getting it past them though. As Sid James and the Carry On gang might have said, “I don’t know how he managed to pull that off!”. He might have full marks for ingenuity, but plonker 18-year-old car thief Joshua Dobson will not be winning any hide-and-seek awards after he hid inside a giant teddy bear in his house to avoid arrest but was spotted when the police saw the bear breathing! He had ripped open the teddy bear’s bum to hide inside. Thankfully he has now been stuffed behind bars. What bear-faced cheek.  