Scots are receiving less for their money, and facing bad and failing services which are getting worse each year. Sturgeon stands tall in Holyrood. She has turned the Scottish Parliament into an endless rally for independence, and made Scottish government business a permanent campaign to secede. She is happy to call new referendums willy-nilly – hoping to rile her voters up in opposition to the Tory government in London. But one of the two Conservative candidates grew up in Scotland. Liz Truss spent much of her childhood in Paisley. Truss is the best person to take Sturgeon on. She is straightforward, has energy and already, she has stolen Sturgeon’s thunder. Truss says there will be no new referendum, no matter what tricks the First Minister plays. Other Conservatives would have been weaker. They would have said that now is not the right time for another vote. Maybe next year, they would have whispered. But Truss has got to the point. You had your chance, she is saying to the nationalists – you had your chance and you blew it. Instead of campaigning for independence forever, the Scottish government must now spend more time actually running Scotland. As we can see, it is not doing so well. Education and the NHS are both creaking. Scotland is not growing fast enough. The cost of living is rising out of control. And the SNP government is flailing. Local leaders and MSPs complain that Sturgeon is running the whole country from Bute House, and doing it badly. Since the pandemic she seems a more isolated leader, and the cracks are showing. Obsessed with another referendum, Sturgeon assumes she can brazen out the crisis in Scotland’s schools and NHS. But blaming London for everything only goes so far. Increasingly, Sturgeon seems autocratic and distant. Compared to that, Truss has the backstory to win over Scotland if she becomes Prime Minister. Of the two candidates, Truss is self-made. Unlike Rishi Sunak, she’s not a posh boy whose spouse brings in billions of pounds – the kind of Tory Sturgeon most successfully faced-down in the past. Before Truss was in politics, she worked on teaching people maths. Philosophically, her heroes are the heroes of the Scottish Enlightenment: Adam Smith and David Hume. She is driven by the same values as many Scots, and the desire to improve lives and opportunities. It’s especially important after the pandemic – and something the SNP has notably failed to do. Under Truss, the Union must be at the heart of Westminster’s agenda. So must levelling up Scotland. We have had years of talk – derailed by covid – but the talk must now turn into action. Truss can level up Scotland most effectively with Westminster's power of the purse. She, unlike the SNP,  can make major investments in Scotland’s science and technology sectors such as high-tech defence. Where the SNP has failed to invest, Truss can do it if she becomes Prime Minister. While the SNP talks about oil and gas, Truss can govern to make Scotland greener, more scientific, and more productive. There are other challenges facing Scotland. As Foreign Secretary, Truss knows the danger of authoritarian governments. Authoritarianism affects people from Hamilton to Hong Kong. We need to invest in Scotland to insulate the country from the effects of a Chinese invasion of Taiwan, Russia blockading European energy, and other problems. The SNP, for all its global grandstanding, is not interested in the future of the free world. It is interested, very narrowly, in its own cause, where ‘democracy’ starts and ends with endless referendums until the desired result is achieved. When faced with global authoritarianism, or the centralising tendencies of the SNP, Liz Truss understands that a dynamic private sector and a nimble, targeted public sector unafraid to invest are needed to keep Scotland free, and to make it rich. The ball is now in Sturgeon’s court. She is faced with a different opponent: a woman of strong character who it will be harder to dismiss as a posh boy out of touch with the people of Scotland. If Liz Truss becomes prime minister, Sturgeon may well have met her match.