Cristiano Ronaldo's ongoing attempts to leave Manchester United are increasingly angering several first-team players, who believe the club should let him depart to boost dressing room morale. The Red Devils have remained firm on their not-for-sale stance this summer but risk disrupting a squad already facing adversity at the dawn of the new season. Ronaldo wants to part ways with United just one year after making his sensational return to Old Trafford from Juventus. But the club are keen for him to stay put and honour the final year of his contract, which also includes an option to extend it by a further 12 months. But, according to The Sun, there is growing disgruntlement among United stars annoyed by Ronaldo's transfer stance and attitude around the club. A club source has claimed a section of Erik ten Hag's squad are 'fed up' with how he has tried to engineer a summer departure while others worked hard to make an impression under the new manager. Ronaldo missed the pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia and only featured for 45 minutes in United's final warm-up game against Rayo Vallecano before leaving during the second half. The 37-year-old started Sunday's Premier League opener against Brighton & Hove Albion on the bench but couldn't inspire United to avoid a 2-1 defeat after coming on in the 53rd minute. JUST IN: Arsenal's £25m transfer gamble could blow up in Mikel Arteta's face  Jorge Mendes has scoured Europe for potential suitors as Ronaldo fights to continue his Champions League legacy this season. But Atletico Madrid, Bayern Munich, Chelsea and other heavyweights have distanced themselves from a move, leaving him with few options. The report claims Ronaldo believes he had a gentleman's agreement with United to let him leave if they dropped out of the Champions League after his first season. But the club have maintained that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner isn't for sale this summer and is in Ten Hag's thinking. READ MORE: Leeds and Newcastle joined by Celtic in transfer race  Mendes is understood to have pleaded with chief executive Richard Arnold to put Ronaldo in the shop window by naming his price after reaching an agreement with an unnamed club. He currently looks destined to stay in M16 beyond the transfer deadline, though, despite United's late scramble for attacking reinforcements. The Red Devils are working to sign at least one new forward this month, regardless of Ronaldo's future. After missing out on a cluster of names and with a surprise move for Marko Arnautovic off the cards, focus seems to have been turned toward PSV Eindhoven winger Cody Gakpo.