Coronation Street icon Toyah (played by Georgia Taylor) has had a rough couple of months after her husband Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) died in a car accident that she caused. While on trial for the death of Imran, her former lover Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) turned up after 20 years away from Weatherfield. The pair have been getting closer since his return and recently shared a steamy night together, however, Toyah could begin to make some questionable decisions as she works her way back into the protest life, putting her reputation within the court on the line. During tonight's episode, Toyah was introduced to Spider's protest friend Griff, but his arrival seemed to put Spider on edge. Toyah's sister Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) hasn't approved of Spider's arrival back into their lives and has been adamant for Toyah to remain careful of him. While working in the Bistro, Adam Barlow (Samuel Robertson) strolled in and told Leanne: "I saw that Spider helping Toyah move her stuff out of her flat earlier, they look very cosy together." Sarcastically, she responded: "Well if you think that's bad I've heard that Adam Barlow fella has been with everyone. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation "Get this, he has even been with Peter Barlow's misses. Oh sorry, would you like to stay and gossip about my sister, or did you actually want something?" Adam told her he wanted a black coffee, before finding a seat, to which she turned to Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) and asked: "Why is our Toyah hanging around with Spider, he is going to get her into trouble." Standing up for his sister-in-law, he replied: "She is on trial for bumping off her husband, how much more trouble could she get into? Maybe it is good for her to have a distraction?" "No, Toyah doesn't do distraction, once she commits to something she is all in," Leanne quipped. Later in the cafe, Spider and Toyah are having lunch, when Spider gets a surprise visit from an old friend, one he doesn't seem too keen to have seen. "Fancy seeing you here," a strange voice quipped, leaving Spider to introduce the man: "Toyah this is Griff, he is one of the good guys." Laughing, Griff exclaimed: "Well I wouldn't go that far," as Spider added: "We met on the M25, we were blocking the motorway." Toyah invited Griff to join them before the trio walked out and Griff reminded Spider about the upcoming protest. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos [WATCH]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell 'unique' art despite true value [LATEST]Ken Dodd left behind staggering EIGHT-figure fortune [INSIGHT] Keen to get involved, Toyah quickly exclaimed: "Can I come as well?" However, Spider adamantly refused: "No, it will be crawling with police." Adamant to get involved, she clapped back: "What is it they say? If your not part of the solution, your part of the problem." Later, Toyah paid Leanne a visit looking pleased with the day's work, however, Leanne had other ideas. "Ahh there she is, just seen you on Grenada news, congrats, I am just pleased you didn't leave one of your body parts glued to the road." Laughing, Toyah joked: "Only the people at the front were glued, I was rear guard. You can mock all you want Leanne, but it was actually really powerful and exhilarating. "The protest was important, is important, I am a doer, I had forgotten who I really am." Reminding her sister she was on bail for the murder of Imran, Leanne fumed: "Toyah, you are a lot of things, your a brilliant sister, friend, auntie, sister-in-law, you are a good caring person. "But you have a trial coming up and walking around behaving like some hot-headed hippie who thinks she is above the law isn't going to go down well with 12 straight-leg jurors." Wanting to give her sister what she wanted to hear, Toyah sarcastically replied: "Ok, I hear ya, message received loud and clear. "I do care what you think," to which Leanne explained: "Right then, so if I asked you, begged you not to go to any more of these demos for my sake?" "I am trying to make a difference whilst I still can, I am sorry," she quipped before storming out of the Bistro. Is this the start of Toyah falling into the wrong crowd under the influence of Spider and his friend Griff? As Toyah begins to find her feet protesting and wanting to make a difference, could she begin to drift further away from Leanne and Weatherfield? Spider seemed worried when Griff turned up at the cafe, could he be the one to make Toyah miss her court dates, landing her in more trouble? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.