Four decades since he retired, 80s pop star Gary Numan is planning a comeback. Numan is a unique artist, having made an indelible imprint on the 80s music scene. He is also unique in another way: he is very open about his personal life. Speaking on ITV's Good Morning Britain on Tuesday, Numan spoke about his Asperger's Asperger's is a developmental disorder that was a previously used diagnosis on the autism spectrum. "I see it as a gift. If I could have my time again I would choose to have it again," Numan said. "It brings so many things that are positive." READ MORE: Tom Selleck health: 'My back's kind of messed up' – how his career damaged his body Among the many positive aspects is a special ability to "focus", which benefits Numan's artistry, he said. He continued: "People say being obsessive is a bad thing but there are times when being obsessive is a good thing. "I use the skills to focus in work. In music it gives me a focus." However, Numan said there is one "downside" to the developmental disorder. DON'T MISSThe golden drink lowering cholesterol and blood sugar [TIPS]Cancer symptons: The 'sudden' sign when waking up [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: Smell that? The smelly sign to spot [ADVICE] Numan said the "only downside I don't interact well in social interactions". The 80s legend said he is "very aware" but not in a positive way. This often manifests itself in him hiding "behind his wife" in social contexts, the pop icon revealed. Numan sheds further light on his Asperger's in his new documentary "Gary Numan Resurrection" on Sky Arts. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury on the 'healthiest' oil which helps 'fight cancer and heart disease' Much of the doc is devoted to his lifelong relationship with Asperger’s. It contributed towards his expulsion from school and was a major factor in his retirement. In the doc he explains he was always obsessive about things he was interested in – aeroplanes, sound, that point when sound crossed into music. Asperger's key symptoms According to health body Autism Speaks, Asperger's generally involves: One of the main reasons social contexts can be challenging relates to differences in communication. People with Asperger's have "difficulties with interpreting both verbal and non-verbal language like gestures or tone of voice, or it may take them a little longer to understand", explains the National Autistic Society. It continues: "Some autistic people have a very literal understanding of language, and think people always mean exactly what they say." They may find it difficult to use or understand: