Detectives in Merseyside say their “relentless pursuit” of those involved in organised crime continues “at pace”. Their “disrupt” operation – codenamed Miller – has led to a further 32 arrests and 66 stop searches. Eleven warrants have been executed and eight vehicles seized. Land searches have been carried out and officers have also been stopping traffic on major routes in and out of Liverpool. The total number of arrests in the clampdown is now 202. Olivia’s horrific shooting in Dovecot last Monday evening was the third gang-related killing in the city in the space of a week. The schoolgirl was hit in the chest by a bullet after convicted criminal Joseph Nee, 35, burst into her family home trying to flee a masked gunman, who also shot her mother Cheryl, 46, in the wrist. A family possibly connected to intended target Nee are among scores who have tributes to Olivia. A note, attached to flowers, was signed from the “Nee family” and read: “So sorry for your loss of beautiful Olivia. Rest in peace, thinking of all.” Ashley Dale, 28, and Sam Rimmer, 22, were also shot dead in Liverpool this month. Knowsley Council worker Ashley died after a gunman forced his way into her home in Old Swan, at around 12.40am on August 21. It is thought the gunman was targeting the address rather than Ashley. Sam was with friends in a cul-de-sac in Dingle when two electric bikes drove past and opened fire on August 16. He died in hospital. Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Kameen, heading the investigations, said: “If you are involved in serious organised crime on Merseyside, we will continue to disrupt the criminality you are involved in." The communities of Dovecot, Old Swan and Dingle are reeling from the murders and we owe it to them to stop those involved.” He added resources had been “significantly boosted” by extra officers from across the UK. DCS Kameen promised: “We will leave no stone unturned in our search for those who killed Olivia, Ashley Dale and Sam." “The actions of these individuals has also turned our attention to crime groups.” A Major Incident Public Portal on the police website – at mipp.police.uk – can be used to download CCTV or other footage. Anyone with information can go to DM @MerPolCC or contact @CrimestoppersUK on 0800 555 111.