Manchester United transfer target Martin Dubravka is ‘doing an Antony’ as he attempts to engineer a move to Old Trafford, it has been claimed. The Red Devils are on the lookout for more reinforcements ahead of Thursday’s deadline. And a new shot-stopper is wanted to provide competition for David De Gea, who has already conceded seven goals from four Premier League matches this term. It emerged on Sunday that Manchester United had agreed a huge £84million deal with Ajax for Antony after weeks of intense negotiations. The Brazil international previously played under Erik ten Hag and the duo are now poised to reunite at Old Trafford, with the 22-year-old set to become the club’s second most-expensive signing of all time. Prior to the breakthrough, Antony had effectively gone on strike at Ajax - refusing to play or train, such was his determination to make the move to the Premier League. Now, according to Fabrizio Romano, Newcastle star Dubravka is ‘doing an Antony’ by insisting and pushing to join United. While the Slovakia international was left out of the squad for his side’s 1-1 draw with Wolves on Sunday, it’s unclear whether that was because he didn’t want to train or play. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers It does appear linked to United’s interest, however, and there’s a sense the Red Devils will be able to get this deal over the line before Thursday’s deadline. United have already lost two senior goalkeepers so far this summer. Dean Henderson has been allowed to join Nottingham Forest on loan, with the England international making a stellar start to his time at the City Ground. And Lee Grant was allowed to leave for free, having previously joined from Stoke back in the summer transfer window of 2018. In addition to a new goalkeeper, United could also make three other signings before 11pm on Thursday as they seek an improved campaign following last season’s shambles. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him A right-back is being eyed, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams both deemed surplus to requirements. However, interest in the likes of Sergino Dest, Vanderson and Max Aarons is yet to lead to anything concrete. United would love to sign Frenkie de Jong if he indicated he’d be willing to make the move - yet his priority appears to be to stay at Barcelona. They’re open to recruiting another midfielder regardless, however, despite spending big on Casemiro earlier in the window. And United may also add to their attacking options, too, with Cody Gakpo and Memphis Depay both believed to be under consideration. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Regarding Antony, he’s expected to slot it on the right wing of the Red Devils’ attack. That’s an area that was occupied by Jadon Sancho at the start of the season, though the England international has since been used on the left. It’s also possible United will look to loan out Anthony Elanga now the Brazil international is on the verge of joining. Elanga has started recent wins over Southampton and Liverpool, yet there’s a sense he needs a spell away in order to enhance his development. Question marks, too, continue to surround the long-term future of Cristiano Ronaldo. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Ronaldo wants to leave United for a team who can offer him Champions League football - something the Red Devils can’t following their sixth-placed finish last term. But the only concrete offer he’s received so far is from a club in Saudi Arabia, who were prepared to pay him an eye-watering salary in order to move to the Middle East. Chelsea, Bayern Munich, Atletico Madrid, Napoli and Borussia Dortmund have been linked with the 37-year-old at varying stages of the window. However, as the clock ticks down, it still looks likely Ronaldo will stay. Though he’s not the player he was, his goals will come in handy - with the Portugal international netting 24 times across all competitions last term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here