Liverpool are considering moves for AC Milan's Ismael Bennacer and Inter Milan's Marcelo Brozovic according to reports in Italy, as Jurgen Klopp contemplates dipping into the market for midfield reinforcements. The Reds boss previously hinted that his side had concluded their transfer business this summer, however, a worrying hamstring injury to Thiago Alcantaraon Saturday has only added to the club's injury crisis and seen Klopp forced to re-evaluate. Already without midfield options Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Curtis Jones and the unwell Naby Keita for the trip to Fulham on Saturday, Liverpool's woes worsened shortly into the second half at Craven Cottage as the influential Thiago pulled up injured. Following the setback, Klopp admitted the Reds could well seek to sign reinforcements before the transfer window closes in just over three weeks' time, but insisted that a move must “make sense” in order for that to happen. “We actually have enough (midfielders),” said the Reds boss. "The problem is we are now punished for something that isn’t our responsibility. Things like this can happen. We will see. A transfer must make sense now and in the long term. "We have eight midfielders. We still have enough midfielders. It’s not that we lack midfielders, it’s just some of them are injured. This isn’t a good situation, I don’t like it at all. We have to see how we react on that, but for sure not panic.” READ MORE: Chelsea working on three deals after completing £62m Marc Cucurella transfer According to reports in Italy, Liverpool have two stars in their crosshairs, both of whom are based in Milan. Calciomercatoweb claim that AC's Bennacer - a player formerly of Arsenal - is one such name under consideration. The Italian outlet states that the Reds are plotting a move for the 24-year-old in order to address the current concerns presented by injuries to a number of the club's midfielders. The Algerian international, who reportedly has a £42.2million release clause in his contract, was thought to have verbally agreed to extend his stay in Milan which is due to end in 2024, however, talks have since stalled in recent months. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener The same outlet also report that Inter's Brozovic is another potential option for the Reds. Liverpool are said to have already prepared their plan of attack which is expected to include a player within a swap deal. Both Keita and Roberto Firmino have been mentioned as potential makeweights in order to land the 29-year-old. However, Keita is understood to be nearing a new contract and Firmino recently opted to stay at Liverpool despite Juventus lodging a bid for the Brazilian. The report adds none of the players in Inter's squad are 'untouchable' and that Brozovic is the latest to be linked with a move away.