All hope for a British brawl between Tyson Fury and Anthony Joshua seemed lost after 'The Gypsy King' announced his retirement in April. And the prospect only appeared more distant following Joshua's second straight defeat to Oleksandr Usyk, having now lost three of his last five fights. But promoter Frank Warren has given fans hope that his fighter, Fury, may yet square off against his long-time rival. However, a unification bout against Usyk is undoubtedly the more pressing matter if the WBC champion is to indeed go back on his retirement promise. It's difficult to ascertain AJ's options following one of the most disappointing nights of his professional career. However, Queensberry Promotions chief Warren assured the 2012 Olympic gold medal-winner must go away and rebuild his credibility before any talk of facing Fury. "If AJ manages to get a couple of wins under his belt - and I believe Tyson will beat Usyk - that may be a fight to be made," the 70-year-old told BBC Radio 5 Live. "But AJ's got to re-establish himself before you can even think about fights like that." READ MORE Anthony Joshua trainer leaves boxing fans perplexed during Oleksandr Usyk fight  Joshua (24-3) looked significantly more threatening in Saturday's split-decision defeat to Usyk, but the same chinks in his armour proved too much of an obstacle. 'The Cat' was again the much more active fighter, and it was particularly Usyk's output in the later rounds that put the icing on another fairly conclusive victory. There can be no disputing Fury-Usyk is the fixture most fight fans want to see. “He [Fury] and Usyk would be a really good fight,” added Warren. “It's a fight that I think will be made because both teams would like to see that happen. “Usyk said after the fight that it's the only fight he's interested in, and it's certainly the same case with Tyson. It's just a matter of where it will generate the most income because it's a unique fight, a historic fight." DON'T MISS Anthony Joshua judge's awkward response as he's confronted over controversial scorecard Jake Paul already set eyewatering terms for UK showdown with Tommy Fury as talks restart Oleksandr Usyk admits he 'doesn't accept' Anthony Joshua's post-fight comments    The heavyweight division hasn't produced an undisuputed champion since Lennox Lewis beat Evander Holyfield in November 1999 to add the WBA, IBF and vacant IBO titles to his WBC crown. However, the format has since changed to include the WBO belt, meaning no heavyweight has simultaneously held all four titles in the current structure. Many boxing enthusiasts may scoff at the idea of Joshua going toe-to-toe with Fury if he can't get past former cruiserweight king Usyk. The potential money generated means a showdown can't be ruled out, but Joshua first faces a long road back to redemption.