Prince William has been warned to expect the rift between the Cambridges and Sussexes to flare up in public as he moves closer to the throne. The ominous warning for the Duke of Cambridge was noted in the third and final episode of the new bombshell Channel 4 documentary series The Real Windsors, which examines the future of the Royal Family. Broadcaster and commentator Bonnie Greer said that Meghan Markle was still "really p***** off" about her exit from the family, as the rift threatens to blow up in the future. The documentary narrator suggested that the rift could "continue to plague William" as he tries to prepare his family for a bigger role in the monarchy. Ms Greer remarked: "They have a woman who was married into the family, whose ancestors had descended from enslaved Africans, okay. They hit the jackpot. "Now she ain't in the family no more and she's really pissed off about it." The narrator noted: "Surveys suggest that many of the generation that royals most need to appeal to are the ones who are most sympathetic to Meghan's side of the story." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan's visit threatens to overshadow huge royal week Katie Nicholl, a royal correspondent at Vanity Fair, responded: "Gen Z doesn't connect with the monarchy. "It's absolutely crucial that the next generation of the monarchy connect to Gen Z. If they don't, the monarchy becomes irrelevant." The documentary narrator predicted more drama for the Cambridges, adding: "The family dramas no sign of abating, not least in the form of Harry's impending memoir." Earlier in the programme, broadcaster and journalist Camilla Tominey explained the frosty relationship between the two couples on display to thousands at the Platinum Jubilee. DON'T MISS: Taxpayers should not fund any of William and Kate's Windsor renovation [POLL]Russian tank 'sent into space' by extraordinary Ukraine missile strike [VIDEO]Xi Jinping 'cannot afford' Taiwan invasion as China economy in crisis [INTERVIEW] She said: "There were reports going into the weekend that things were better. But we could see very clearly there were no interactions between the couples or their children while Harry and Meghan were over for that weekend. "Things aren't rosy between the two brothers and their wives. William and Kate feel that Meghan and Harry haven't acknowledged the hurt caused by the Oprah interview." This comes as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed they plan to return to the UK to attend a collection of charity events next month. Harry and Meghan will travel to Manchester, London, and Dusseldorf during a brief visit to Europe. However, the couple have reportedly made no plans to repair their fractured relationships with other members of the royal family, including William. Royal biographer Angela Levin suggested that William will want to avoid Harry until he's had a chance to read his younger brother's memoir.