The Williams sisters will team up for one last emotional time after entering the ladies' doubles at the US Open. The two icons of the sport have been handed a wildcard entry into the main draw, meaning they will be paired for the ninth time at Flushing Meadows - having triumphed at the venue in 1999 and 2009. Serena and Venus have also won four Australian Open, two French Open, and six Wimbledon titles together in an overall haul of 14 Grand Slam wins. But they have not played a Slam together since Roland Garros four years ago, where they made it through to the last 16. The tournament will represent the final bow for Serena, as she launches a final bid to match Margaret Court's record number of 24 individual Slam triumphs. Now ranked 608 in the world, her attempt at a fairytale farewell will begin against Danka Kovinic on Tuesday night. Venus meanwhile, who won two of her seven Slams in New York in 2000 and 2001, will face Belgium's Alison Van Uytvanck. But it's the prospect of seeing the siblings on court together one last time will now undoubtedly further thrill American fans. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic US Open exemption addressed as organisers' email comes to light The news was confirmed by the US Open Twitter account, which posted: "Serena and Venus on the same court. The two-time US Open women's doubles champions have accepted a wild card," and sure enough, within two hours of going up the tweet had received in excess of 8,000 likes. "YYYYAAAASSSS I’m SOOOO EXCITED AND I JUST CAN’T HIDE IT!!!!" replied @wc_orange, while @SEPHERINAALLARD asked: "Awww The Last Dance??" in reference to the famous Netflix series, which told the story of the Chicago Bulls winning the NBA title in Michael Jordan's final year with the team. DON'T MISS:Emma Raducanu speaks out on injury fears after tears at US Open ahead of title defenceUS Open row escalates as complaining women players backed over 'nonsensical' ruleRafael Nadal reacts to Novak Djokovic being banned from US Open with Roger Federer comment American journalist @MattDowellTV voiced the wishes of many fans by speculating: "I don't know what Venus’ plans are, but if their careers ended on (Arthur) Ashe playing doubles together I think that would be a beautiful finale." Earlier this month, Williams confirmed she was "evolving away from tennis," adding: "I have never liked the word retirement. It doesn't feel like a modern word to me. I've been thinking of this as a transition but I want to be sensitive about how I use that word."