Scarlette Douglas and her brother Stuart first made their debut together last year, when they joined forces for Channel 4’s Black to Front project. Following the success of the one-off special, Love it or List it, the duo went on to land two other property shows. Earlier this year, they launched Flipping Fast with George Clarke, while more recently viewers tuned in to watch them on Worst House on the Street. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the siblings opened up about what it was like working together. Stuart went on to discuss his fears over how viewers would react to them together on screen. “I want people to see us and see that we are genuine,” the property expert began. “So what you see when you're watching the programme, that's exactly what we would be like if we were trying to help friends or help family renovate their homes. “When I came into presenting obviously, I've come on late, Scarlette has done all the groundwork really. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets “The one thing I said to the production company and to the agency [before we started] is that I will only be myself on camera, and that's it. “So, for me, if you're genuine and you're authentic, that's the most important thing because I think the viewers, they see that.” "As for the show, we want it to be innovative, brave and bold," the former professional footballer said. "I think we live in a world now where people not only want to be entertained, but they also want to be up-skilled and they want to watch a programme that they can learn from. "I think that with our programmes, viewers can use the tips that we give the homeowners to renovate their own homes, and for me, that's the most important thing of it." On Wednesday, Scarlette told her NUMBER Twitter followers she was quitting A Place in the Sun after seven years. The presenter shared a sweet video of her time on the show, admitting: "It's the end of an era." "After 7 years, my final ever episode of @aplaceinthesun airs today at 3pm," Scarlette penned. DON'T MISS...Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit [REACTION]GMB fans 'in tears' as 'hero' helps elderly with free handiwork  [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes fumes over vegans’ demands to rename roundabout [NEWS] "It’s the end of an era! I hope you’ve enjoyed my outfits, my crazy shoes, funky hairstyles & fun personality! "I’m sure the repeats will keep on coming but there’s plenty of other goodness coming your way!" (sic) Scarlette recently opened up about how her busy schedule led to her having a "meltdown". She admitted her brother really kept her going as she juggled her filming commitments. "Stuart is keeping me going because he's always excited and happy and anytime I'm like, 'I don't think I could do this', he just brings me back up," Scarlette explained. "So it's just kind of having the right people around you that can get you through them. But it's great, I love what I do and I love my job. They're all very different, and I wouldn't change it for the world." "I think what's great for Stuart is that he's come in straight away as a primetime presenter," she added. "I've obviously done all the daytime stuff and it's a very different ballgame, that's for sure, so he's just coming in loving it." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.