Tales of the Walking Dead is the hit spin-off to come from AMC’s The Walking Dead franchise. In the most recent episode, viewers were treated to a flashback which provided insight into Alpha’s (played by Samatha Morton) backstory and revealed her true identity.  Tales of the Walking Dead is the fourth post-apocalyptic spin-off to come from the highly acclaimed franchise. The show tells the stories of its characters in the form of an anthology with each episode featuring a different cast and delving into the lives of a new group of survivors. The spin-off will also explore the lives of existing characters within the universe and provide major insight into their lives. This took place in the most recent episode titled Dee, as the show revisited the life of Alpha. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit  Alpha was first introduced in The Walking Dead during season nine and became known as the cold and sadistic leader of the Whisperers. She was cruel and did not show any mercy to her victims, no matter who it was. This was seen when she killed her own husband Frank (Steve Kazee) in front of their daughter young Lydia (Havana Blum) because he refused to abandon other survivors during a walker attack. However, fans were surprised to see a tender side to Alpha during the recent episode of Tales of the Walking Dead.    As Alpha was killed in season 10 of The Walking Dead, the spin-off’s flashback episode took place before she had established her dominance in the fight for survival. Fans were treated to some insight into her life back when she was a wife and a mother, named Dee. Transporting fans to familiar grounds, Dee and Lydia had been living and working on a steamboat run by Brooke (Lauren Galzier) who had taken the young girl under her wing. However, the boat’s bartender Billy (Nick Basta) was proven to be a spy, who had planned to kill off enough passengers to take over with his guys. DON'T MISS...Cornwall residents furious with TV show that helps find dream home [INSIGHT]Why did Virgin River's Alexandra Breckenridge leave The Walking Dead? [INSIGHT] The Walking Dead slammed for ‘confusing’ two-part premiere [INSIGHT]   During the violent coup, Dee attacked two intruders and escaped with Lydia onto a dingy where she discovered people could live among the Walkers. They were able to mask their scents by hiding in the open corpse of a dead Walker. However, as they journeyed Dee spotted Brooke who had escaped, but Dee was furious with the steamboat leader and intended to get revenge. As Lydia begged her mother not to kill Brooke, Dee instead decided to gruesomely slice her face with a knife.     She stated: “This is my mark and everywhere you go, I will be there reminding you of how you failed my little girl.” After she pointed Lydia in the opposite direction, she began to sorrowfully apologise to her young daughter for everything she had to witness, as a result of the apocalypse. However, the end of the episode provided a glimpse into Dee’s future as she encountered Whisperers in the woods. The group spoke softly like people but walked like zombies with the Walker masks on their faces. When Dee asked the group's leader what they wanted, they answered, “I'm Hera. Don't speak, whisper.” before being knocked out.  Tales of the Walking Dead continues Sunday, September 4 on AMC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.  