Pensioners look forward to receiving their free bus passes to help them meet the cost of living. But, current Government proposals suggest that the state pension age will be raised to 67 and then 68, meaning people will be left waiting longer for this benefit. Currently pensioners in England are entitled to the "freebie" when they turn 66 years old, however, this could be pushed back. People only have to wait until they are 60 in Wales and Scotland to get the benefit. It is not just pensioners who can receive a free bus pass, there are other groups that qualify. This includes: Britons may be able to benefit from free travel discounts before they reach state pension age depending on where they live. While older Britons who are not on state pension could be eligible for a free bus pass if they are part of one of the aforementioned groups, there are other concessions available through other travel means. The older age group is the most likely to be losing out on financial help according to Age UK. On its website, Age UK shares advice to older people who are looking for ways to save money on their bus travel. They explained it is worth contacting specific coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. National Express offers a Senior Coach-card for people who are 60 and over. The Senior Coach - card costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. On the website it states: “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. “Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.” Free bus travel for under 22s in Scotland was rolled out in January 2022 in a bid to assist young people with their travel expenses. The concession was made readily available to children and young people with a new National Entitlement Card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC. As the cost of living crisis continues, many older people are urged to check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. While inflationary figures are expected to exceed 13 percent by the end of the year as energy prices take another leap. The Government’s additional support schemes are in place with the aim to help soften the blow. The cost of living payments include: Over 7.2 million families have already received the first half of the main £650 cost of living payment over the summer, while the disability, energy, and pensioner payments will be distributed in September, October, and November respectively.