For the last decade, Gene Simmons has been claiming that “rock is dead”. And today the KISS frontman continues to double down on such a statement as he prepares for his band’s final shows next year during their 50th anniversary. Originally, Simmons told Esquire in 2014: “Once you had a record company on your side, they would fund you, and that also meant when you toured they would give you tour support. … There are still record companies, and it does apply to pop, rap, and country to an extent. But for performers who are also songwriters — the creators — for rock music, for soul, for the blues — it’s finally dead.” Then just last year, Simmons told Consequence of Sound: “The point is, yeah, rock is dead because if we play the game from 1958 until 1988, which is 30 years, you had Elvis, The Beatles, The Stones, Pink Floyd, and on and on and on And you can go to the heavy part of it, which is Metallica, Maiden, if you want to put KISS in there, that’s fine. AC/DC, on and on and on. Even U2, Prince, Bowie, Eagles. And then you get to disco stuff, and Madonna, and that stuff, and Motown, of course. And then from 1988 until today, who’s the new Beatles?” READ MORE:KISS legend Gene Simmons calls bandmates 'Ungrateful, unprofessional' Most recently speaking with Metal Hammer before KISS played Download Festival this summer, Simmons affirmed once again: “I stand by my words: rock is dead. The people that killed it are fans. Fans killed the thing they loved by downloading and file sharing for free. How do you expect somebody who loves the guitar to come into this creative process? You’ve got to invent yourself. And so rock is dead." DON'T MISSGene Simmons: KISS star's blunt tips for living longer [GENE SIMMONS]KISS star on 'frustrations' working with Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley [KISS]KISS legend says 'NOBODY wants to hear the Rolling Stones' new songs' [ROLLING STONES] Simmons argued: “Point to a new look. I played this game before and it bears noting, rock continues to be dead. From 1958 until 1988, 30 years, right? You got Elvis Presley, The Beatles, Jimi Hendrix, the Rolling Stones and on and on. Motown. You have the surf thing and the Beach Boys, the British invasion – hundreds of bands. The Hollies are hardly ever talked about, they're a great band. Disco stuff, Madonna, Prince, Bowie, all that great stuff. You had the heavy bands Metallica and Iron Maiden, all that stuff in those 30 years. Eternal music and bands.” DON'T MISSElvis: Marlyn Mason on ‘the saddest thing he ever said to me’ [ELVIS]Elvis shared fear about marrying 15-year-old Priscilla to Barbara Eden [PRISCILLA]Elvis funeral: 'Heavy casket', body snatchers and 'strange' moment [ELVIS FUNERAL] Simmons then challenged who the new Beatles are since 1988, arguing that BTS, One Direction and NSYNC, although “well-crafted and “professional” failed to change the world. He added: “It just makes little girls hearts flutter and then they're gone. That doesn't have gravitas. Influential bands, that make somebody want to pick up a guitar, learn how to play songs and be in a band don't exist, because you can't make a living.” SOURCE