Kirsty spoke with Jon Kay via video link as they discussed the latest on the barrister strikes in England in Wales, which could end up bringing the criminal justice system to a halt. Before the interview had begun, the BBC Breakfast host explained barristers had held an industrial action ballot over pay. However, Jon sparked outrage with some viewers after quizzing the barrister over whether they should be paid more. The host questioned why barristers are pushing for a 25 percent pay increase when rail strikers and nurses aren't asking for that much. "Am I right in saying that you're asking for a 25 percent rise in pay for legal aid?" he asked. Defending the pay increase, Kirsty replied: "For professionals who are coming through all their studies with about £60,000 in debt, and it's taking a good 15 years before they're reaching that level of earnings of probably an average of around £47,000. "So people are not prepared to hang around for that long when they can't afford to do so. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 "The 25 percent I appreciate as a headline figure people think is a lot of money. "However, when you're looking at costs of 28 percent, it's not even putting you back in an equivalent position to where barristers were." "I guess the point is, the 25 percent is a stark headline number, isn't it?" Jon interrupted. "And I appreciate what you're saying about the bigger picture.  "But you will note too that we're reporting on this programme and across the media at the moment about you know, nurses and rail workers who have been asking for an awful lot less than that and they've had their proposals rejected, and when they hear 25 percent, they're going to be shocked." Taking to social media to share their thoughts on the interview and Jon's line of questioning, user @squirtleisahoe tweeted: "Jesus christ this interview. You'd get more sense out of a pub closing time." Kathryn Rees said: "@BBCBreakfast Jon Kay. Could you live off 12.5K a year? Thought not. If this was nurses there would be no hesitation to condemn it. True, barristers may go on to earn much more further down the line, but what juniors are earning now is not enough to live on, fact." While Steve fumed: "Horrific interview from Jon Kay on @BBCBreakfast - may as well be a government spokesperson." DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [VIDEO]Question of Sport backlash as Paddy announces change to show [REACTION]Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist [SPOILERS] Rhian Sadler went on to add: "@BBCBreakfast stop pushing the divisive narrative between barristers, nurses and railway workers. Solidarity with all striking workers." "Wow that awful interview by John Kay on BBC Breakfast," Grace raged. "Both barristers, nurses AND rail workers ALL deserve a proper living wage. A complete misinterpretation as to the problem with delayed and minimal Legal Aid payments and the reasons for barristers striking. #BBCBreakfast." Simon Alcock tweeted: "'So you want a pay rise of XYZ….what about nurses who are getting nowhere near that?' John Kay joining the 'you get paid more than enough…suck it up and get on with it' argument. "Pathetic…..get back to standing out in bad weather and shouting at a microphone."  However, some viewers agreed with Jon's question about the barristers' 25 percent pay increase. Alicia said: "@BBCBreakfast something tells me that barristers aren't too badly off. Compare their pay to nurses/ classroom assistants/ council workers. Not sure there's much sympathy." Tienga N commented: "I support #Barristers call for #legalaid uplift but this person speaking up on #barristerstrike threat on @BBCBreakfast is not doing a good job of highlighting what is at stake for #barristers and #CriminalJustice. #uninspiring."  BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.