The star has died after a long illness, her widower confirmed in a statement this evening. Ms Newton-John, who famously starred alongside John Travolta in the 1978 musical Grease, was 73. People have taken to social media to pay tribute to the actress, who was also a prominent campaigner. Ms Newton-John suffered from a decades-long battle with cancer, which claimed her life today. She was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 1992, and following successful treatment was free of the disease until 2013. The singer received a second diagnosis that year which she did not reveal until 2017, when she said the cancer originally found in her breast had spread to her spine. READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John dead: Grease actress dies aged 73 John Easterling, Ms Newton-John's husband, confirmed she died "peacefully" at home. He wrote on social media: “Dame Olivia Newton-John (73) passed away peacefully at her Ranch in Southern California this morning, surrounded by family and friends. "We ask that everyone please respect the family’s privacy during this very difficult time. “Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hope for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer." “Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continues with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer.” Ms Newton-John campaigned for cancer patients resident in her native Australia after her original diagnosis, and set up the Olivia Newton-John Cancer and Wellness Research Centre. The hospital, based in Melbourne, has provided vital services for cancer sufferers via research, clinical trials and patient support. Those who don't know her via her dedicated campaigning, which saw her push for Australia to legalise marijuana for pain relief purposes, will have followed her showbusiness career. Ms Newton-John first found fame as a singer, and reappeared on Australian television in her youth as "Lovely Livvy" in the 1960s. She released her first single, "Till You Say You'll Be Mine", in 1966, and an album "If Not for You" five years later in 1971. The singer received her breakout acting role in cult classic box-office hit Grease in 1978, aged 28. Her influence has spanned generations, with fans and former colleagues delivering tributes online. Her Grease co-star Mr Travolta led tributes this afternoon with a post to Instagram. He wrote: "My dearest Olivia, you made all of our lives so much better. Your impact was incredible. I love you so much. "We will see you down the road and we will all be together again. Yours from the first moment I saw you and forever! Your Danny, your John!" Actor Michael Rosenbaum wrote on Twitter: "This is crushing. I absolutely loved this woman. what a damn shame. so young. so talented. RIP Olivia Newton John."