Who Wants To Be A Millionaire host and Diddly Squat Farm owner Jeremy Clarkson has never been afraid to speak his mind. He has recently opened up about the state of the farming community and how owners are struggling with finances after the cost of living crisis. However, whilst giving a passionate speech on the matter, Jeremy did admit to "accidentally" buying a pub. Jeremy began to touch on the hardship farmers are facing and the issues he has dealt with on his own farm, Diddly Squat which is located in the Cotswolds. "I tell you what though, I'm thinking this year, due to the poor state of affairs for farmers in this country, I should be sitting on the other chair trying to win some money. "I love quiz shows, always have done - Mastermind, Pointless - and Who Wants To Be A Millionaire obviously was the king of them all. "So when the opportunity presented itself, I loved to do it," he told The Mirror and other press at the ITV Autumn entertainment schedule launch. READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed Whilst discussing his farming plans for the future, he admitted to enjoying a "variety" of hobbies, which has recently included buying a pub. When asked if he planned to stick with farming permanently, he said: "No, no, I like variety! I was doing cows at six this morning and now I'm here, so it's lovely to have a variety for the day. "And apparently I've accidentally bought a pub I've got to go look at in a minute because I've bought a brewery. "Anyway it's nice to have lots of different things to do in the day, so I do enjoy that." Jeremy surprised viewers back in 2021 when he turned his expertise of motoring journalism into an unlikely hobby of agriculture and farming. Releasing his first farming series, Clarkson's Farm on Amazon Prime, it went on to be critically acclaimed and also received recognition from the British Farming Awards. Season two for the series doesn't currently have a release date, however, Jeremy recently hinted at an early-2023 release, after many fans were eager to find out when he and his farm would be returning. Ahead of the second series, Amazon Studios' Head of UK Originals, Dan Grabiner has said: "We are delighted to be joining the team for another year in the life of Diddly Squat. DON'T MISS...Meghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview [INSIGHT]‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles [LATEST]Farage slams 'over-inflated' Meghan [WATCH] "And wish Kaleb [Cooper] and farmers across the country luck as Mother Nature continues to take revenge on Jeremy. "We’re just going into the edit now and it’s looking very good. "More Kaleb Cooper, more Gerald [Cooper]. You can understand a little bit more of Gerald this time. I think maybe every season, you’ll understand a few more words of Gerald." Whilst fans wait for the farming series to return, many will be able to catch Jeremy on ITV in the evenings as he gears up to present a new series of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire. For the first time in a couple of years since the coronavirus pandemic, a live audience will be returning with the option of an Ask The Audience function. Teasing what viewers can expect from the upcoming series, Jeremy revealed one contestant experienced the biggest loss ever on the show so far. He revealed: "I think we've had our biggest ever drop. Somebody went to £125,000 without a safety net and – can I say this? – they f***ed it up. "That really was an extremely alarming moment. Horrific. Can you imagine going home after you’ve lost £124,000? "It's lovely to see people win and just as lovely to see people when they don’t," he added. Who Wants To Be A Millionaire begins Saturday, 3 September at 9:30pm on ITV.