The building society confirmed it was raising interest rates on all of its variable rate savings accounts. This includes Nationwide’s “competitive” Triple Access Online Saver and Triple Access Online ISA. New and existing members to the financial institution are eligible for these savings accounts and can apply by visiting their local branch or online. Today (August 23), Nationwide revealed it will increase the interest rate on its One Year Triple Access Online Saver to a 1.75 percent AER/gross per annum (variable) for 12 months. Furthemore, the building society’s One Year Triple Access Online ISA will experience a rate rise of 1.50 percent gross/tax-free per annum (variable) for 12 months. These savings accounts allow new and existing customers three withdrawals during the 12-month term. Any further withdrawals will revert the savings account’s interest rate to 0.25 percent for the remainder of the period. It should be noted that these products from Nationwide automatically switch to one of the building society’s instant access accounts. All of these changes will be effective from September 1, 2022 and will see the financial institution raise rates by up to 0.55 percent. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Other savings account interest rate rises by Nationwide Building Society include: Tom Riley, the director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide, shared why the building society is opting to raise interest rates at this time. Mr Riley explained: “We appreciate it isn’t easy for people to save at the moment with the rising cost of living, but having money set aside that you can use for unexpected expenses can provide real peace of mind. “As a mutual we are always keen to support savers and pay the best rates we can sustainably afford, which is why we are increasing rates on all variable rate accounts, particularly regular savers, loyalty and children’s accounts as well as our popular Triple Access accounts. “These changes are the latest increases that the society has made to its savings accounts over the last few months.” READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments This latest intervention from Nationwide comes after the Bank of England has raised the UK’s base rate to 1.75 percent to better fight inflation. In light of this, banks and financial institutions such as Nationwide Building Society are passing on this interest rate hike to their customers. However, experts are warning that savers “need to be proactive” when it comes to making the most out of their savings. Adrian Kidd, a chartered wealth manager at Aylesbury-based EQ Financial Planning, discussed how savers can use the hike to interest rates to their own advantage. Mr Kidd said: “Savers need to be proactive in getting their money working as best they can. This means not just relying on the local branch for savings accounts, it means using the internet to obtain the best savings account rates possible. “If you are a borrower, make sure you are not over-stretching and if you have savings, pay back high-interest rate debt first. “If your mortgage rate is looking to be more than three percent then repaying some debt may be a good thing. “I would also not suggest fixing interest rates for longer than two years as rates will need to come down at some point, too.”