Zara Tindall, 41, and Princess Eugenie, 32, are first cousins through Princess Anne, 71, and Prince Andrew, 62, who are siblings. The two are very close, as they were pictured laughing together at the Platinum Jubilee by Zara’s husband, Mike Tindall. Mike poked fun at the royal women’s bright pink and orange dresses.  He captioned the photo saying: “When you combine your favourite Starbursts!! Two world-class ladies!!” Eugenie and Zara were bonded by their love for their grandfather, Prince Philip. So much so, that in the weeks before his death, the cousins both paid a sweet tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh. When Prince Philip sadly died aged 99 on April 9, 2021, just two months before his milestone 100th birthday, tributes flooded in for the Queen's husband.  READ MORE: William 'fails badly' to hide 'intense' pride in Princess Charlotte It became immediately evident how loved he was by those who knew him. But this had already been made evident in the months before he died. Royal cousins Eugenie and Zara both chose Philip as the middle name for their baby boys. They were born in February and March of 2021, respectively.  Eugenie welcomed her first child in February last year, a baby boy. The Princess of York and her husband Jack Brooksbank welcomed August Philip Hawke Brooksbank on February 9 at the Portland Hospital in London. In the documentary, Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers, Eugenie opened up about her son's name choice and introducing her son to her grandfather. “I brought little August to come and meet him,” she said.  READ MORE: Princess Eugenie made changes to diet to lose 'body fat' “I told him that we’d named him after him. “It was such a lovely moment. “We were very lucky to do that.” Prince Philip sadly died just two months after little August was born. In March 2021, Zara and her former rugby player husband Mike Tindall welcomed their third child.  Lucas Philip Tindall was born on the bathroom floor of their home at Gatcombe Park. Philip was chosen as the middle name in honour of both Mike's dad as well as Prince Philip. A spokesperson for the couple later confirmed that the newest member of the Royal Family was named Lucas Philip Tindall, as a tribute to Zara's grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh and also Mike's father.  Lucas and August ended up having a joint christening together in November 2021.