Manchester United are in talks with Barcelona over a swap deal that will see Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Sergino Dest exchange clubs, according to reports in Spain. The Red Devils want to land a new right-back to provide competition for Diogo Dalot. And new information about Memphis Depay has been published, too, at a time when the Netherlands international is being linked with a shock return to Old Trafford. Manchester United have seen Dalot enjoy a positive start to the season, with the Portugal international registering the assist for Bruno Fernandes’ winner against Southampton on Saturday. But the Red Devils want somebody to provide competition for the former Porto star, with Wan-Bissaka deemed not good enough behind the scenes. Now, according to Sport, United and Barcelona have been ‘intensifying contacts’ to reach an agreement that will see Dest and Wan-Bissaka head in the opposite direction. Xavi is willing to let Dest go, just two years after the USA international was signed from Ajax. The right-back played under Ten Hag in Amsterdam and the pair, it seems, could now be about to reunite in the Premier League. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Barcelona and United have talked about both of their assets spending a year with each other, before then potentially moving permanently next summer. And it’s claimed Ten Hag would be willing to green light that arrangement in order to manage Dest again. The right-back would offer more from an offensive perspective than Wan-Bissaka, who only joined from Crystal Palace back in the summer transfer window of 2019. And whether United are able to get a deal for the 21-year-old over the line before Thursday’s deadline remains to be seen. Another player who has been linked with the Red Devils is Depay. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him The 28-year-old previously moved to United from PSV Eindhoven back in the summer of 2015, when Louis van Gaal was manager. Depay was recruited to be the club’s heir to Cristiano Ronaldo, having struggled to replace the veteran following his move to Real Madrid six years previously. However, the Netherlands international lasted just 18 months before being flogged to Lyon. With Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term future at United still uncertain, amid his desire to play for a Champions League team, Depay has emerged as an option. Yet it’s stated a potential deal the forward is ‘losing strength’ at the current moment in time, which is likely due to Antony’s imminent move to the Premier League. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United have agreed a huge £84m fee with Ajax for the 22-year-old, who scored eight goals and clocked up four assists from 23 Eredivisie matches last term. So with Antony on board, it’s hard to see where Depay would fit in - especially if Ronaldo stays. Should Dest move to United, he’ll become the club’s sixth signing of the summer. Tyrell Malacia was the first, with the left-back arriving from Feyenoord having previously been expected to join Ligue 1 giants Lyon. Christian Eriksen followed on a free transfer, turning down Brentford in order to make the move to Old Trafford. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team United proceeded to raid Ajax for Lisandro Martinez, who snubbed the advances of Arsenal in order to reunite with Ten Hag. Though the Red Devils initially wanted to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, they’ve since landed a world-class alternative in Casemiro. And Antony is set to become summer signing No 5 once his move to the Premier League is officially completed and announced. In addition to Dest, the Red Devils also want a new goalkeeper. And all signs point to them raiding Newcastle for Martin Dubravka, who is poised to challenge David De Gea for a starting berth after United opted to loan out Dean Henderson to Nottingham Forest. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here