Yet rising taxes destroy growth, which should be the main objective of government policy - better growth means better living standards for the average British citizen. So this is what policy should maximise as the highest priority. Once that is done, then spending must be set at what is affordable in the long run to ensure that the government debt is under control relative to our GDP. We know from our own research and much of others’ that taxes, regulations and spending on key public services are vital influences on growth. So this latest report that I have co-written sets out what the government needs to do to bring us the highest growth possible. First and foremost, because it determines the incentives of our business entrepreneurs to innovate and raise productivity growth, is the tax system, particularly the business taxes and the high marginal income tax rates. It is the reverse of good sense to raise corporation tax as currently planned and I totally welcome Liz Truss’s commitment to cancel it. It also makes no sense to raise taxes on employment, such as the new National Insurance contributions, as this raises the cost of labour, damaging business competitiveness. So again it is good that Liz Truss has pledged to reverse that. Also she is right to tackle the cost of living crisis now with lower VAT to offset the big tax rise now going on from not indexing income tax thresholds to inflation, as well as speeding up the inflation indexing of Universal Credit for poor households; all this will support the Bank of England in its monetary efforts to bring down inflation. But there is more that can be done in future budgets to cut taxes further to push growth higher. The report proposes a package of tax cuts and key spending rises to boost growth, costing £100 billion a year, about four per cent of GDP. In the short run this should be paid for by borrowing; our government has a Bank of England in its good long standing reputation in the markets and can borrow at rock bottom interest rates with distant payoff dates. What our research shows is that with higher growth it can wait to pay down the debt ratio as higher tax revenues roll in over time. Of course there is much else to do in repealing years of bad EU regulation in favour of our homegrown common law approach that penalises harms rather than stopping new ways of doing things; also repealing via many new free trade agreements all the EU protection of non-EU trade that is stopping us from buying and selling freely in world markets. There is a big agenda to be rolled out to put the British economy on a firm new growth track, to the benefit of us all.