The sixth season of Outlander is done and dusted after fans were made to wait over two years to see the Christies face off with Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe). Not only that but fans were dealt with a shorter season than most with just eight episodes to binge on Starz. Now, however, season seven is in the pipeline and executive producer Matthew B Roberts has delivered positive news that “Droughtlander” shouldn’t take as long. Discussing the sixth season on the official Outlander podcast, Matthew said: “I know that we don’t have as much room, so we have eight episodes this season. “We truncated this season for a number of reasons,” Matthew explained. “One of them was Caitriona Balfe, who plays Claire, was pregnant during the filming and we wanted to make sure she was safe and she was able to get out and be comfortable to have a happy and pleasant birth. “So we decided we couldn’t go all the way to the end and we took those four episodes off the end.” READ MORE: Outlander prequel: Star weighs in on Bonnie Prince Charlie series However, he did confirm these episodes would make their way into the seventh run. He confirmed: “We’re kind of integrating those into season seven. “Yeah! We’re doing a season seven,” Matthew said as he turned his attention to the new series. Speaking on the podcast, which was released in March, he continued: “We’re already writing a lot of scripts for season seven, we’re in prep right now so getting ready to go. “We want to keep Droughtlander to a minimum this time rather than our maximum of - what was it? Two years. “I’m not counting but I know someone out there is,” he added. And as if Matthew’s promise of a shorter wait time wasn’t enough, the cast and crew appear to have stayed true to his word. So much so, the likes of Sam Heughan, Caitriona Balfe and their co-stars have been regularly updating fans from filming, which is now in full swing. DON'T MISS:Outlander Marsali Fraser shares first-look at new role away from StarzOutlander's Sam Heughan on 'enjoying' Claire Fraser sex sceneOutlander explained: Why wasn't Murtagh in Ardsmuir Prison scenes? On July 25, Heughan took to Twitter to share a rather rude yet humorous moment from filming. Alongside Lord John Grey star David Berry, Heughan could be seen through a camera giving the middle finger. “Just testing Mr Berry’s counting skills..” Heughan began in the post. “Love you buddy.x,” he signed off, followed by a laughing emoji. (sic) Of course, the snap from filming did little to provide any potential spoilers for the upcoming seventh run. However, there have been some new tidbits of information thanks to casting news for the upcoming season. Actors Izzy Meikle-Small and Joey Phillips have put pen to paper to appear in the new episodes. The duo will play brother and sister Rachel Hunter and Dr Denzell Hunter, respectively. Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the USA and Starzplay in the UK.