The Duchess of Sussex has sparked another media storm after her exclusive interview with The Cut magazine was published on Monday. In the article, Meghan, who is notably estranged from her own father, reportedly revealed private details of her husband's own family relationships. The Duchess appeared to claim Prince Harry felt as though he had “lost” his father in the process of the couple's stepping back from royal duties and relocation across the Atlantic to California. Royal commentators have hit back at Meghan’s revelations, questioning why the Duchess was so quick to reveal the intimate detail of Prince Harry’s life when she is fiercely protective of her own expectations of privacy.    Speaking on GB News, journalist Andrew Pierce said: “The thing I think is most shocking is she says that Harry told her he thinks he has lost his father too, the way that she has lost hers. “If he did tell her that, why is she revealing that to a New York magazine? Isn’t that incredibly private? “This is a woman who says her privacy is constantly invaded by my newspaper and other newspapers, revealing something that Harry had told her in confidence. “They then had to put a statement out, getting it clarified a few hours later by that chap who wrote the book all about them.”    In her interview with The Cut, Meghan discussed the ongoing rift between the Sussexes and the Royal Family. The Duchess said: “Harry said to me, ‘I lost my dad in this process.’ It doesn’t have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that’s his decision.” While some readers took this to mean Prince Harry had confessed he had “lost” his relationship with his father Prince Charles, royal author Omid Scobie offered an alternative interpretation. Writing on Twitter, he said: “I understand that Prince Harry is actually referring to Meghan’s loss of her own father, and Meghan is saying she doesn’t want Harry to lose his.” Read more: Meghan claims FACT-CHECKED: 'Fantasist' Duchess debunked by experts Following the release of the interview, a source close to Prince Charles said the royal would be saddened should his relationship with Prince Harry deteriorate further. They added: "The Prince of Wales loves both his sons." The Duchess is well known to have a strained relationship with her own father, Thomas Markle. Mr Markle repeatedly engaged with the British press after the relationship between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex became public, offering a series of interviews that reportedly tarnished his relationship with his daughter. Don't miss: 'No hope for Meghan and Harry' Dan Wootton slams Duchess interview [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Is Meghan Markle right to return to social media? [POLL]'Fantasist' Meghan Markle debunked over 'misleading claims'  [ANALYSIS] Following the royal wedding, a letter Meghan wrote to her father was leaked by the Mail on Sunday in which the Duchess asked Mr Markle to stop speaking to reporters. Mr Markle has claimed: “Both sides of the family have been ghosted by her now.” Prince Harry discussed his own relationship with Prince Charles in the couple’s 2021 tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. Speaking of his father, the Duke of Sussex revealed he “stopped taking my calls” for a period of time during the couple’s step back from royal duties. He added: “There’s a lot to work through there. I feel really let down because he’s been through something similar, he knows what pain feels like.” Prince Harry suggested he had hopes that the relationship between him and his father would gradually improve over time, adding “I will always love him.” Read next: Meghan 'bolted into the house' to reunite with Archie after fireMeghan’s ‘tirade’ deals final blow to royal relationshipsPrince William's 'big change' for children after his 'difficult time'Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle issued eight-word warning William told to 'board plane' and 'intervene' in Meghan row 