Former US Open champion Andy Roddick has warned Andy Murray that "he'll have to play better" than he has done recently if he's to have any chance of beating Taylor Fritz at the Montreal Open. Murray, 35, will take on the 10th seed late on Tuesday night in his last-64 clash, as he seeks to bounce back from two underwhelming tournaments in the US. After his second-round exit at Wimbledon, the former world No 1 travelled to Newport to play in the Hall of Fame Tennis Championships. There, he reached the last-eight before a straight sets defeat to Russian player Alexander Bublik. Following that showing, he went to Washington to play in the Citi Open, where he was beaten first up by world No 115 Mikael Ymer. It leaves the three-time Grand Slam champion short of form ahead of his US Open campaign at Flushing Meadows later this month. And now Roddick, 39, has warned Murray he'll need to go up a level to compete with a player who reached the quarter-finals at SW19 last month, exiting a thriller against Rafael Nadal. 'A-rod' was asked on The Tennis Channel on YouTube about the notion the British star was still 'searching for something'. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu makes rankings vow as Brit faces losing 'all my WTA points' "I'm always fascinated by how Andy Murray attempts to problem solve," he replied. "Murray will tell you this, he's going to have to play better than he did in Newport, than he did in Washington. "Not his best form in those two tournaments so he's still searching for something while Fritz has had confidence locked in for the last couple of months." Fritz, 24, enjoyed a statement win in Indian Wells earlier this year, and Roddick warned the three-time Grand Slam winner that one particular area is going to be crucial. DON'T MISS:US Open 'seriously considered' copying Wimbledon as Ukraine pledge comes to lightAndy Murray ridiculed by Zverev in comparison to Rafael Nadal and Roger FedererDaniil Medvedev fires warning to Rafael Nadal and Nick Kyrgios ahead of US Open "One thing Murray is going to have to do is make first serves," he added. "If Taylor Fritz is going to get a bunch of second serves, he's going to be able to take full swings and take advantage early in rallies." The two players have never met on the ATP Tour. The reward for the winner will be a second-round clash against either Frances Tiafoe or Benjamin Bonzi.