Kate Middleton, 40, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 57, both opted against wearing their engagement rings during the coronavirus pandemic. Why was this? The Duchess of Cambridge was seen without her engagement ring at the Commonwealth Games last week. Jewellery experts from Steven Stone spoke to Express.co.uk about other royals who have been spotted without their rings. Royal engagement rings receive a lot of attention and have set a number of beautiful design trends over the years. So it's always a surprise to see one of the royal ladies out and about without their precious jewel. Engagement ring specialists at UK retailer Steven Stone have outlined why Kate may have ditched her ring last week, as well as the other royals who have been seen without theirs and why. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour The experts stated that both Kate Middleton and Sophie Wessex ditched their engagement rings for royal visits during the coronavirus pandemic. When it came to the end of lockdown in 2020, both Kate and the Countess of Wessex found themselves incredibly busy as they returned to royal engagements and supporting their various patronages. Though one noticeable difference that sparked speculation was that they were both without their engagement rings from their husbands. With the public health advice of washing hands regularly and thoroughly, the reason behind Sophie and Kate's decision to stop wearing their engagement rings was likely because of the coronavirus crisis.  As well as this example, there are other times that royals have gone without their engagement rings. For instance, worth £25,000, Queen Letizia’s sophisticated engagement ring has not been seen since 2012. Also, Kate, Meghan Markle and Princess Diana were all spotted without their engagement rings during the final stages of their pregnancies. Plus, Zara Tindall’s traditional engagement ring purposefully has a low-profile setting. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie made changes to diet to lose 'body fat' This is to ensure that she does not have to remove it while competing in sporting events. Diamond expert, Maxwell Stone spoke to Express.co.uk about this research. He said: “With the exception of Queen Letizia, who hasn’t been seen with her sophisticated engagement ring since 2012, it’s incredibly rare to see one of the royal ladies without their precious gem. "A keen sportswoman, Kate Middleton has an active lifestyle.  "So it’s a shame that she has to remove her gorgeous sapphire to participate in events. "Though sapphires are an extremely durable gemstone, Kate's boasts both sentimental and monetary value, so she wouldn't want to risk damaging it. "Mike Tindall actually considered this when he designed Zara Tindall’s engagement ring. "He ensured that it had a low profile setting, so she wouldn’t have to remove it when she competed in sporting events.” 