Manchester United fans have been protesting against the Glazers ahead of their Premier League opener with Brighton on Sunday. Supporters are furious at the club’s decline in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And Erik ten Hag has numerous issues to contend with as he looks to succeed at Old Trafford following his arrival from Ajax. The Glazers have long been polarising figures at United, with the Americans purchasing the club back in 2005. Ferguson managed to keep the mood at Old Trafford positive throughout his reign but, since his retirement nine years ago, the club have failed to get anywhere near winning the Premier League title. Many fans lay the blame for that at the Glazers’ door, regardless of how many transfers they’ve sanctioned. The mood is particularly low at present due to United’s slow work in the market, with Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez their sole recruits so far. And fans have been protesting against the Glazers on Sunday, making it known how much they oppose the Americans’ regime. Twitter user @EivindHolth shared a video showing fans walking with a huge banner through Media City in Manchester. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Green and gold flares, the colours the club wore when they were formerly known at Newton Heath, were set off as they marched in unison. The banner read ‘fight greed, fight for United’. And BBC journalist Simon Stone said: “Told there were a few hundred at Media City for the start of the latest anti-Glazer protests. “Obviously number will swell nearer they are to stadium.” United fans have previously protested on a number of occasions. Some walked out in the 73rd minute of their showdown with Brentford at Old Trafford back in May to show they oppose the Glazers’ 17 years of ownership. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And, in 2021, United supporters were able to get a match against Liverpool called off after storming the stadium. Meanwhile, speaking ahead of United’s clash with Brighton on Saturday, Ten Hag has urged members of his squad to bring the ‘fight’ back to the club. "Me, the coaching, the players, we have to do everything to bring success back on the pitch because on the pitch is where everything starts," said the Dutchman. "It starts there and on the training ground every day, you must make what you can, as an individual and also as a team. "The stadium I think is meant to bring fight and cooperation. But we have to give the example out on the pitch, we must have the right attitude and that attitude means hard work but also especially, it means being brave. "If we bring that commitment then I think they [the fans] will like it and they will bring the fight back." Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team However, he did urged fans to be patient as United gear up for the start of another new chapter. "I am looking forward to every game, as every game will be a challenge,” he stated. "We have to get the best out of it and of course there will be setbacks and disappointments, that's life, that's sports life and every club, every supporter, every team has to deal with it. That is the attitude we all need. “When we show it and you have a good plan, you will achieve success. I am 100 per cent convinced of that." Former United star Gary Neville, though, thinks the Glazers have failed to sufficiently back Ten Hag this summer. "I would go back to Ten Hag and say I think he's had a really impressive start, a confident start,” he said. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “And he's not been supported off the pitch by an operation that can get him the players he wants. "If you said to me two months ago that Manchester United would have Fred and McTominay in midfield and we would have Martial up front – who every Manchester United fan and coach had written off as being leaving… "I'd say that the manager has been given a pretty tough hand. All these clubs – Chelsea, they bring Raheem Sterling in. "City bring in Erling Haaland, Darwin Nunez goes to Liverpool. "And then you've got Manchester United who basically can't get a player through the door." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here