With Outlander season seven filming and not expected to be out for some time, fans have been re-watching previous series of the Starz historical drama and looking for any tit bits on the series. The new series is going to be taking material from An Echo in the Bone as well as A Breath of Snow and Ashes with fans getting a total of 16 episodes to sink their teeth into but it’s going to be quite a wait. Actor Grant O’Rourke played Rupert MacKenzie in Outlander from seasons one to three, serving as kinsman to Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and a faithful ally. Sadly, Rupert met his maker after the Battle of Culloden where he was executed along with many of his fellow Jacobite soldiers. Jamie and Rupert were waiting in a shed as they were brought out one by one to be shot dead by English officers. Rupert approached his death bravely and told the Redcoats: "I mean to set a quick pace, so try to keep up.” READ MORE: Outlander explained: Why did Dougal try to marry Claire? Although Rupert may be dead and gone, there could be scope to see him in a flashback after season six revisited Jamie’s past at Ardsmuir Prison following his capture. O’Rouke’s departure from the show was sadly a narrative choice on the writer’s part rather than the actor wanting to exit and with the deadly nature of Outlander, he is just one of many who were felled at Culloden. The Scottish actor hails from Galashiels on the Scottish Borders and went on to attend the prestigious Royal Conservatoire of Scotland in Glasgow where he trained as an actor. He landed his first television role in the acclaimed crime drama Taggart before going on to star in other projects. O’Rourke had never heard of Outlander when he auditioned for the show, promptly forgetting about it and was left surprised after he was offered the role. He admitted it took him a bit of time to get Rupert’s voice and accent right, saying he wanted to make the character “surly and soulful”. The actor said he got a “strong sense” of Rupert from reading the books and the scripts with the costume really helping him don the mantle of his Outlander alter-ego. Reflecting on leaving Rupert behind, the actor said: “He’s the only character that I have played for that length of time, but I’ll be honest, we had loads of great scenes but we also had some things that I just wasn’t that enamoured by. “I didn’t really enjoy playing Rupert much after Angus died because I felt that there were a few scenes where all he seemed to do was talk about Angus, without really saying much at all.” He added to Absolute Music Chat: “Obviously there were loads of great scenes after Angus died, beautifully written as well, some of the most satisfying things to play, but I was happy enough to say goodbye to him.” Since leaving Outlander, O’Rourke has gone on to star in many other projects including TV series Group and short films Slingshot, Neville is Dead, Dinosaur and Ladybaby. He will next be appearing in the BBC crime drama Shetland as a character called Jamie Narey, which also stars Outlander alumni Douglas Henshall, Andrew Whipp and Shauna MacDonald. O’Rourke also has a successful stage career and appeared in productions of The Venetian Twins and The Agony and Ecstasy of Steve Jobs as well as Slab Boys. DON'T MISS...Outlander: Why was Gemma Fray replaced as Brianna Fraser? [EXPLAINER]Lauren Lyle height: How tall is Outlander Marsali Fraser star? [ANALYSIS]Outlander explained: Why did Black Jack really torture Jamie? [INSIGHT] Along with his acting career, he’s also recorded an album call Boogalo Chimp - a play on Will (Will Smith) and Carlton Banks’ (Alfonso Ribeiro) Las Vegas music act in The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Boogaloo Shrimp. He said in an interview with ScotWeek from 2020: “It’s an album that I just wrote and recorded at home over the last two years.” O’Rourke continued: “I just had all this creative energy about me and I’ve always played the guitar and things like that, been in bands when I was younger and I just thought, ‘You know what? I’m going to try writing an album for fun.’ “It wasn’t until I was about three or four songs in that I thought, ‘Yeah, I’m going to complete it. I’ll finish it.’ “So, it’s just everything I had written at that point just thrown together on an album and I decided to release it.” Outlander season 7 is in production and seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on STARZPLAY now Shetland continues on BBC One tonight at 9pm