Countdown star Rachel Riley, 36, took to Twitter to rave over the very unusual selfie daughter Noa had taken using her phone. The photo, which inspired Salvador Dali comparisons, gave the impression that her youngest child had three heads. "Absolutely fascinated by this selfie I’ve just found in my photos taken by the baby," she joked in view of more than 691,000 followers. She continued: "Think I might have the next Salvador Dali on my hands!" Not only were three pairs of eyes on top of each other featured in the bizarre snapshot, but Rachel's own head could be seen peering down from the top of the photo. @Johnny_J81 shared her amusement, joking back: "Well it might not be surrealist, but it’s surreal that’s for sure!" READ NOW: 'Feeling naughty' Demi Rose bares all in eye-popping Mykonos snaps Meanwhile other viewers feared their eyesight was damaged or that they might have had a little too much to drink. @Grasbery73 shared: "I got a little nervous when I woke up at 0630 and that was the first image I saw. "Since I don't drink, my first reaction was "Dear Beezus. I'm having a stroke! "When I focused my eyes a little better, I say what I usually say when I see Noa/Mave pics: 'Awwwww'," he added. One Twitter user amped up the Dali comparisons by digitally adding a moustache to Noa's mouth. Noa, the youngest of Rachel's two children with her former Strictly Come Dancing co-star Pasha Kovalev, was then discussed as the next big thing in fine art photography. Meanwhile, Rachel also tweeted last night to recommend When Love Bites, a book about the dangers of coercive control. The Countdown maths whizz, who spoke passionately in defence of Amber Heard earlier in the year during the actress' court trial with Johnny Depp, has strong feelings about the topic. DON'T MISS... Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday [LATEST] Brooklyn Beckham's wife thanks dad for 'having my back' amid struggles [INSIGHT] 'Lucky I didn't punch him!' Fuming Will Smith hits out at reporter [UNEARTHED VIDEO]  "As #CoerciveControl is trending, I can’t recommend this book by @PressCathy enough for people who want to learn more about it," she wrote. "It’s designed for young people and would be great for anyone who may be suffering or friends and family who want to help." Fortunately Rachel's relationship with her own partner, Pasha, is much more harmonious than the ones featured in the book. The pair danced together on Strictly before becoming the fifth couple to be voted out - and fortunately their relationship lasted far longer than their stint on the show. In 2019, they got married in Las Vegas and their first daughter, Maven Aria, was born in December of that year. Then they welcomed prospective artistic genius Noa in November 2021 - and despite not even being a year old yet, she's already displaying the potential to take a very unusual selfie. Prior to appearing on Strictly, Rachel was married to Jamie Gilbert, whom she'd met at university, but is adamant that splitting up with him and then dating Pasha cannot be described as an example of "the Strictly curse". "Are you calling my babies a curse? That’s not right!" she exclaimed in an interview with The Times, adding that the show had given her "the distance to make the break [from Jamie] that was going to happen anyway". Meanwhile last month, Rachel shared another piece of surrealist artwork, which had transformed her and the entire Countdown set into a Lego brick version. The chuckling star reposted the photo and joked in response: "Don’t think I’ve ever looked better!"