Loose Women panellist Kaye Adams announced she would be competing in the year's series of Strictly Come Dancing earlier this month. The 59-year-old admitted she has "two left feet" and bookmaker Coral's latest odds suggest the Scottish broadcaster will be the first celebrity sent packing from the ballroom. According to Coral's latest odds, Kaye's chances of winning Strictly Come Dancing are currently 50-1, with the bookmaker placing her at the bottom of the list. The favourite is Helen Skelton who is the 7-2 favourite for taking home the Glitterball Trophy. The television presenter tops the betting ahead of singer Fleur East, who is second best at 4-1. Bros star Matt Goss has attracted some support with the firm for being crowned the winner of the series. He is now 15-2 (from 9-1) for the trophy. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's vow renewal is a 'blow you' to Royal Family "Helen Skelton tops the early betting to be the winning contestant on Strictly this year. Many punters are expecting big things from the television presenter," said Coral's John Hill. "Fleur East and Matt Goss are two of the other contestants which are proving popular before we have seen the celebs on the dance floor," added Hill. The rest of the odds are 8-1 Molly Rainford, 8-1 Kym Marsh, 9-1 Will Mellor, 9-1 Tyler West, 10-1 Ellie Simmons, 12-1 Ellie Taylor, 12-1 James Bye, 16-1 Jayde Adams, 20-1 Hamza Yasin, 20-1 Richie Anderson and 33-1 Tony Adams. When Kaye announced she was starring in the milestone 20th series of Strictly Come Dancing, she told Loose Women viewers: "Actually it’s quite funny because I’m terrified.  "I’m absolutely terrified because as Nadia [Sawalha] very kindly says, as a supportive friend does - ‘Let’s face it, you can’t dance’, which is true. It’s true. "I’ll be a journey [on the show]. I’ll be honest with you, I can think of a million reasons not to do this and I can still think of a million reasons not to do this." She told viewers she would regret it if she did not agree to join the series this year. Kaye explained: "I’m 59, 60 at the end of this year and I was like, ‘Well, why not?’ DON'T MISS...Kym Marsh enjoys getaway with toyboy hubby after welcoming grandchild [LATEST]Strictly winner Louis Smith issues warning to new contestants [UPDATE]Eamonn Holmes blasts BBC’s ‘unreasonable’ Strictly regulations [MUST SEE]  "I’m a really competitive person and Nadia, you know that’s true but in this, I’m not. If I enjoy myself, I’ll be so happy," she concluded. Strictly Come Dancing will be returning to Blackpool after a two-year hiatus and BBC bosses have announced a special themed week to celebrate 100 years of the broadcaster. Producers decided not to film in Blackpool Tower Ballroom in 2020 and 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic. Performances in the iconic venue in the past have included shadow chancellor Ed Balls being lowered from a ceiling and playing the piano, before dancing with professional partner Katya Jones.  Executive producer Sarah James said: "It's the icing on the cake to be able to confirm that we are returning to the iconic Blackpool Tower ballroom this year." To mark the BBC's 100th birthday, celebrities will dance to a theme tune from a well-loved BBC show. Sarah added: "We know how much viewers love the Strictly themed weeks so it's fantastic to be able to announce a new one, celebrating the BBC's centenary." Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One this September. 