The Foreign Secretary believes Britain must grasp hard-won Brexit opportunities and strip away the red tape with which Brussels bound UK businesses during our decades of EU membership. Crucially, she also has faith in the core Conservative doctrine that low taxes are both a moral good and a prerequisite for prosperity. Her pledge to cut corporation tax and create low-tax investment zones could do more to help level-up left-behind parts of the country than a multitude of government initiatives. A recession would plunge families into the misery that comes with joblessness. One of the best ways to stave off this disaster is to boost investor confidence by making it clear that taxes are going down. Long overdue reforms to business rates could fuel the revival of our beloved high streets. The Conservative party has survived and thrived for generations because it recognises that people are hungry for the opportunity to improve their lives andthose of their loved ones. Ms Truss’s message that “we cannot tax our way to growth” will resonate throughout the nation, and her ambitions for Britain are shared by people far beyond the ranks of her party. ----------------------------- Warning shot to Taliban Terrorists will struggle to sleep tonight following the assassination of Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri in a US drone strike in Kabul. America’s ability to locate and take out this architect of atrocities is extraordinary. It shows that the determination of successive presidents to hunt down those responsible for the September 11 attacks is much more than rhetoric. The world is a safer place without al-Zawahiri, but his brazen presence in Afghanistan so soon after the departure of Western forces proves it is delusional tobelieve Taliban assurances that they will not shelter terrorists. We must make it clear that they welcome terrorists at their peril. ------------------------------ We share Charlotte’s joy Princess Charlotte’s excitement at her parents’ side as they watched the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham will have won her a place in yet more hearts. Britain is still rejoicing in the football success of our amazing Lionesses, and Charlotte’s incandescent charm will only add to the much-needed feel-good factornow pulsing through the land. A great future awaits Britain’s athletes and our royals as they give us new cause to brim with pride.