During the nineties and noughties, Janice Battersby (played by Vicky Entwistle) would strike fear into the very soul of the residents of Coronation Street. Her iconic spell in the ITV soap made the character a household name. Judging from her new smart style, Vicky is a million miles away from the cobbles look but she still has a touch of spice in her locker - which her fans on Twitter praised. Vicky left Coronation Street in 2011 after nearly 15 years playing the tough matriarch of the Battersby family. The star of Coronation Street and wife to the equally iconic Les Battersby looks nothing like her former character, but despite her change in style, can still evoke some of the old Janice. Vicky's infamous character would sport a legendary strawberry-blonde fringe in her first few years on the famous street. Over the years the actor is almost unrecognisable to that era, she now rocks a more natural look with a sharp side-parting replacing that previous hairdo. Read More: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Fans of the Weatherfield legend flooded to praise her fresh image too. Posing for a photo she posted to her 36,000 followers, the star thanked fans alongside a snap of her in a sheer lime green top with light check shorts. Glowing while on holiday, to the backdrop of a couple of lager pumps behind her, she tweeted: "Hi to all who have taken the time to follow my Menopausal outbursts on here!" She continued: "You really are kind and have Patience in abundance! To all the new folk I’m sending you this…" The much-loved star had fans flocking to praise her sun kissed look and her candid messages on social media. Twitter user Teri replied: "Also menopausal but definitely don't look this good!!! x" Mandasue Heller added: "Love your hair, gorgeous." Ian tweeted: "Oh wow Vicky, what an amazing colour you are." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist [ARTICLE]Emmerdale bosses confirm three well-loved characters are returning [INSIGHT]Coronation Street’s Brooke Vincent impresses celebs with bikini body [ARTICLE]   Coronation Street fans 'work out' true murder suspect in DNA twist [ARTICLE]Emmerdale bosses confirm three well-loved characters are returning [INSIGHT]Coronation Street’s Brooke Vincent impresses celebs with bikini body  Sue declared: "Looking good! I always want to ask who does your hair? There, I asked." Vicky's honest nature, discussing the menopause and other issues in a clear, compassionate way has gained the love of over tens of thousands of supporters. The Battersbys are still represented in the soap, with Toyah (Georgia Taylor) and Leanne (Jane Danson) still causing plenty of drama in Weatherfield. One fan hoped a return for their mother could be on the horizon. They tweeted back to her stunning holiday photo, suggesting an explosive Battersby reunion should occur. Jack Pianoman wrote: "Need you back in Corrie to sort that Toyah out. Her head needs a good wobble." Will ITV soap fans get the chance to see the matriarch back on the cobbles? Watch Coronation Street on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.