Known for his nature documentaries including Blue Planet, David Attenborough has travelled the world, with several species named after him. The 96-year-old continues to film, recently returning to Pembrokeshire to film for his new series, Wild Isles. When David isn’t filming with nature, he resides in Richmond, an affluent residential district bordering the River Thames. In 2013, David Attenborough said Richmond was his favourite place “by a long way” despite visiting every corner of the globe. He said the climate suits him as well as plenty of museums to visit. In 2020, Richmond bagged the top spot in Rightmove’s rankings of London’s happiest places to live. The town centre offers visitors and residents plenty of shops including high-street chains and independent shops. READ MORE: ‘Correct’ way to remove ‘yellow stains’ from pillows without scrubbing There are also plenty of pubs, bars and restaurants including ones with a gorgeous view of the River Thames. Properties in Richmond had an overall average price of £1,162,190 over the last year. The majority of sales in the area during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £708,540. Terraced properties sold for an average of £1,195,718, with semi-detached properties fetching £1,598,803. DON'T MISS:How to wash pillows to keep them ‘fluffy and firm’ [EXPLAINER]8 ways to ‘repel’ spiders - including ‘extremely repulsive’ 30p trick [EXPERT]10 ‘key’ gardening tasks to do now - from pruning to planting [INSIGHT] Overall, sold prices in Richmond over the last year were 13 percent up on the previous year and 12 percent up on the 2019 peak of £1,042,195. At the time of writing, the most expensive home on the market in Richmond is a six-bedroom detached home for £6,950,000. Just up the road is Kew Gardens which attracts visitors from all over the world. It includes more than 50,000 different plants in its living collections. It was recently named as being home to the largest living plant collection one earth. READ MORE: ‘Telltale signs’ you need to repot your houseplant Another reason why Richmond is so popular is thanks to its mix of shopping opportunities as well as parks. Richmond park is the largest of London’s Royal Parks, and is of national and international importance for wildlife conservation. It was created by Charles I in the 17th century as a deer park and there are still plenty of deer to be seen today. It covers 2,500 acres, offering residents and visitors plenty to see with lakes, woodland gardens and grasslands. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The borough also offers other attractions including Hampton Court Palace, Ham House and Garden and Marble Hill House. It is also home to sporting venues such as Twickenham Stadium which holds regular rugby matches. Situated in Zone 4 on the Tube map, it takes no time at all to get into London, making Richmond popular amongst celebrities. Richmond’s residents over the years have included Ben Shepherd, Amanda Holden and Tom Hardy.