Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a benefit payment designed to financially help those who have a long-term health condition or disability. Claimants are able to receive up to £628 every four weeks if they are eligible for this support from the DWP. However, if someone’s circumstances change, they must report this to the DWP as it could affect their overall claim. Examples of what the DWP counts as a life change include if someone’s personal details change, including their name, address or doctor’s information. Furthermore, if someone’s health condition or disability worsens, or if the help they need changes, they must inform the Government body. Anyone who have been informed by their doctor that they only have six months or less to live should also report to the DWP. On top of this, if PIP claimants have to spend any extended time in hospital, care facility or abroad, that would be considered a life change. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to increase sum by up to £14.75 weekly People who are not British citizens also have a responsibility to update the DWP if their immigration status changes. For the daily living component of the disability benefit, the lower weekly rate was raised to £61.85 and the higher rate went up to £94.40. In comparison, PIP’s mobility component saw an increase to £24.45 for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. If someone were to be in receipt of the higher weekly rates of both components, a PIP claimant would receive £156.90. Someone who was to receive the higher rate of both components every week of a month would get £627.60. On its website, Citizens Advice outlined the importance of PIP claimants keeping track of any correspondence they have had with the DWP regarding their claim and potential changes. The financial advice charity stated: “It is a good idea to keep a written record of the fact that you’ve reported the change to the DWP. “For example, in case the DWP disagrees that a change has been reported. READ MORE: ‘Game over!’ Woman, 42, watches as hackers steal £10,000 in attack “If you report the change by phone, make a note of what you said and when you called. If you write to report the change, keep a copy of the letter. “Ask the Post Office for free proof of postage - you might need to show when you sent it.” Recently, the UK Government has promoted PIP and other disability benefit payments to encourage people to put forward a claim. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, explained why it is important potential claimants apply for support. Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” Those wondering if they are eligible to receive PIP can see if they fit the criteria on the GOV.UK website. If you are eligible, the best way to begin the application process for your claim is by calling the PIP helpline on 0800 917 2222.