The BBC Radio 5 caller said she was surprised as the scammer knew most of the details of her card and that she had contacted her bank to discuss reports of suspicious activity from her account. Suzanne told Naga Munchetty she was able to prevent the scammer from stealing her money by making a quick move from one account to another after a series of red flags alerted her about the suspicious call. But she said the details of the person trying to get her money, in addition to the urgency she was put under, nearly cost her her cash. Speaking to Radio 5 Live, Suzanne said she had first contacted Halifax about reports of strange movements whilst holidaying in Cornwall and then received a call after flagging her concerns from someone claiming to be from the bank. She said: "I got a phone call from no-caller ID to say, I can't remember their name, 'this is x from Halifax calling about the fraudulent use on your card'." Ms Munchetty said: "So they got the bank right and the timing right, obviously." Suzanne continued: "Yeah, and he went on to say, 'I need to stop all these transactions individually so what will happen is you will get a code through to your phone via text with a number on it. You need to read that out to me and then I can stop each transaction but we need to do it one at a time.' JUST IN: 'Bank of England has gone over the top!' Andrew Neil shares economic attack on inflation "I did at that point ask how do I know you are from Halifax, and he gave me his name, and a spiel and I was like, 'I think I will just call the number'. And he said, 'you're welcome to do that madam but we need to get it sorted immediately. "There's a code red on your account and there's a three-hour wait to get through to the bank.' So, again, completely legitimate. So I'm getting codes from Halifax, and he was trying to put transactions through while I'm on the phone. "And they're sending me security codes and, because I was in such a panic, I didn't read the whole text because the text actually said at the very beginning, 'don't read out this message to anyone on the phone.' "But because I was in a panic, I saw the codes come through, gave them to him, and then it was taking five minutes in between each code, and I thought, 'there's something not right.' READ MORE: Santander to hike interest rates on savings accounts - how does it compare with inflation? "And I suddenly realised I have another bank account so I went online and transferred all my funds out of the bank account into my other account so there was nothing there for anyone to take." The BBC R5 Live presenter commented: "Well done!" Suzanne added: "Went back online and saw I had nearly £2,000 taken out of my account. All the transactions going to Back Market Ltd, Bristol. "So at this point, I had a meltdown but knew he couldn't take anything out. So phoned Halifax, it did take me two hours to get through, but when I did they were absolutely brilliant. Got everything back." Ms Munchetty said: "Brilliant, brilliant that you got your money back." DON'T MISSPension: Britons could lose out on £7,800 through 'torpor tax' [ANALYSIS]Over 50s face major challenges as cost of living bites [INSIGHT]State pensioners call for ‘at least’ £200 per week for all retirees [UPDATE] The call came as a new survey found more than one in five (21 percent) people say they have authorised payments even though their bank or building society has flagged them as suspect. Men are more likely to have done this (29 percent) than women (14 percent), according to a survey carried out for the Nationwide Building Society. More than a third (36 percent) of 16 to 24-year-olds and 37 percent of 25 to 34-year-olds have authorised a payment that has been flagged as suspicious, compared with 9% of over-55s. But authorising such payments has left more than a third (34 percent) out of pocket.