Tom McNeil, Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner for the West Midlands believes the cost of living crisis will spark a crimewave if there is not immediate help for struggling families. He also fears there is a risk that work attempting to tackle gang-related crime in the West Midlands could be undone as more vulnerable kids growing up in poverty may feel they have no alternative but to try and make money through crime. Mr McNeil spoke to Birmingham Live after it was announced the typical household energy bill would rise to more than £3,500 from October before another expected increase in January. He said: "I don't want to go around sugar-coating the reality. It is about acknowledging poverty causes desperation and people do desperate things when they feel they don't have another choice. "Poverty is pernicious. It creates stress and anxiety, it can escalate problems with drinking. It's connected to organised crime as it drives the demand for drugs. "It's something I'm really worried about. We have been warning about this for quite a long time, going back to the lockdowns, about the impact of poverty. "This is going to affect so many people. The Government needs to act, it's as simple as that." Mr McNeil said he believed the poorest people might be driven towards petty crime like shoplifting but there could be even worse consequences for vulnerable children living in poverty, particularly at a time when violent crime is rising in Birmingham and the wider region. Police chiefs say they will take inspiration from America in targeting vulnerable kids who have been lured into gangs and seek to offer them a way out but there are fears the cost of living crisis could undermine such work. Mr McNeil said: "Absolutely it's a worry. We have seen over the last decade cuts to vital support services like youth services contribute to a rise in child exploitation and things like County Lines, then we had Covid. The cost of living crisis is going to exacerbate the problem." Brean Horne, personal finance expert at NerdWallet, said the latest energy price rises would drive more families into crisis. He said: "The financial impact of another significant price cap rise will be huge for millions across the UK come autumn. "Energy bills are already the primary contributor to the escalating cost of living crisis. "So, reduced limits on the amount energy providers can charge will act as a real blow for people already contending with last week’s announcement that inflation had hit 10.1% – particularly as we head into the colder months. “For this reason, it’s more important than ever for households and individuals to gain control of their finances and take steps to combat the financial impact of the energy crisis. "This may mean consulting with their supplier if they have concerns about their energy bill and checking to see if they offer any cheaper alternative tariffs for existing customers."