House of the Dragon is based on parts of Game of Thrones writer George RR Martin's Fire and Blood novel. Set 200 years pre-Thrones, the HBO and Sky Atlantic fantasy drama dives into the Targaryen's family history and their pursuit of ruling Westeros. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about when to watch the latest House of the Dragon instalment. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from House of the Dragon. House of the Dragon airs every Sunday night at 9pm ET on HBO in America and episode three will be no different. This upcoming third instalment is going to be out on Sunday, September 4, with it also coming out on the network's streaming service HBO Max. If you reside in the UK, there are a few ways of watching House of the Dragon's third outing. For those who are desperate to find out what happens next, you can actually watch the episode at the same time as viewers in the States. READ MORE: Martin Clunes on why it's 'good time' for Doc Martin to end While the time itself differs, the prequel can be watched at the exact moment in both America and the UK. As the show comes out on HBO at 9pm ET, it will also be shown on Sky Atlantic in the UK at 2am BST on Monday, September 5. If you're not keen on waiting up until the early hours of the morning then fear not, episode three will be repeated later on September 5 at 9pm on Sky Atlantic. In addition, every episode is going to be dropped on Sky's streaming service NOW each week. House of the Dragon season one is going to consist of 10 episodes in total. It isn't believed there are going to be any shake-ups to the weekly schedule in the coming weeks. As long as this remains the case, then the grand finale of House of the Dragon will be out on Sunday, October 23, in America and the following day in the UK. So far, no details have come out regarding what episode three is going to be about but is bound to delve further into the inner-family rivalry. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [VIDEO]House of the Dragon theory: Did Alicent Hightower sleep with Viserys? [THEORY]What are the House of the Dragon series 1 episode titles? [EXPLAINER] In the first episode, The Heirs of the Dragon, King Viserys (played by Paddy Considine) needed to choose his new heir after the death of his wife and newborn son. From the get-go, it was between his brother Prince Daemon (Matt Smith) and the king's daughter Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen (Milly Alcock and Emma D'Arcy). However, when Viserys overheard Daemon talking badly about his deceased child, he knew what to do. The king officially announced that Rhaenyra would be his heir, leaving Daemon seething but he isn't about to back down anytime soon. Opening up to The Hollywood Reporter, Miguel Sapochnik explained that the plan is to create three to four seasons of House of the Dragon. But saying that, there is still plenty of room to expand the drama further. Sapochnik said: “The Targaryens span both directions [forward and backward in the timeline]. "So as a spine to other possible stories and spinoffs…this [House of the Dragon] is a great place to start.” House of the Dragon continues every Sunday on HBO at 9pm ET in the USA and every Monday at 9pm on Sky Atlantic in the UK.