The Mars in Gemini transit will last much longer than usual this time - for over seven months - rather than the typical two-month timespan. This transit invites versatility and flexibility but isn’t necessarily the most determined and focused period as a result. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 20. The lengthiness of this transit comes due to the upcoming Mars retrograde cycle starting from October 30 to January 12. Cafe Astrology said: “We should watch for becoming so scattered that we’re ineffective and making hasty or nervous decisions.” However, it’s an excellent period for diversifying interests and understanding the power of communication. Cafe Astrology continued: “We’re strategizing and devising useful tactics to achieve our desires and goals.  READ MORE: What is the smell of rain? The reason why it smells after a downpour  “We’re resourceful and clever and know how to use words effectively. “Perhaps most notable during this period is our tactical skills. We know how to manoeuvre things to get our way. “We use words to charm and express anger. When passionate about a topic, we’re very talkative and animated.” Gemini is the social butterfly of the zodiac. Their inquiring spirit and thirst for knowledge make communication come naturally to this sign.  And while Mars, which represents energy, action and desire, transits the sign, these qualities will be more enhanced. The Moon will also be transiting in Gemini, amplifying Mars’ energy to make this period extra stimulating. Cafe Astrology said: “We crave mental stimulation or a variety of interests and things to do or learn. “We’re exceptionally responsive, sensitive to what’s happening around us, and more adaptable than usual.” DON'T MISS:Skyrora’s second stage rocket static fire test brings UK launch closer [INSIGHT]‘Incredibly expensive’ house features to ‘avoid’ devaluing your home [EXPLAINED]Origin of life breakthrough as 6-year asteroid study unravels myste... [ANALYSIS]    However, while mental engagement and clarity are more of a priority at the beginning of the day, the Mercury-Neptune opposition will come into influence as time progresses, tainting views and approaches. Cafe Astrology said: “We might see others in an unrealistic light. Discrepancies can emerge that challenge our thinking, and concentrating on technical facts can be difficult. “We could find ourselves on a mental teeter-totter, see-sawing between fact and fiction.  “If our minds are wandering, it may be that we’ve recently neglected to feed our imaginations.” With this transit, we should watch for misrepresenting ourselves, overlooking critical practical details, and self-defeating thoughts, according to Cafe Astrology. On the flip side, Gemini's heightened optimism and enthusiasm can make now a good time to think and plan big for the upcoming months - so make sure to capitalise on this. 