Manchester United could miss out on signing Cody Gakpo this summer as PSV have reportedly put a block on his sale. The winger had been tipped for a £50million summer move to the Premier League but could now be set to stay put in the Netherlands. United are desperate for reinforcements this summer after flattering to deceive last season and beginning their new campaign with a 2-1 home defeat against Brighton on Sunday. And Express Sport takes a look at four attacking players the Red Devils could turn to instead of Gakpo. According to 90min, United are considering a move for Ismaila Sarr, who has also been linked with Leeds. The Watford winger has played in the Premier League for two of the last three seasons but is now back in the Championship after his team were relegated last time around. Sarr found the back of the net in the Hornets’ 1-1 draw with West Brom last weekend and has already proved how dangerous he can be in the top-flight. The 24-year-old, who has won 47 caps for Senegal, would surely jump at the chance to move to Old Trafford. So if the Red Devils can agree a fee with his current employers, they could well get their hands on him. Another player United are currently said to be pursuing is Stuttgart ace Sasa Kalajdzic. The Red Devils reportedly want to add physicality to the frontline and the giant striker at least ticks that box as he stands at nearly 6ft 7in tall. JUST IN: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars The 25-year-old struggled with an injury throughout the last campaign but still found the back of the net six times in 15 appearances for the German club. And the Austria international bagged an impressive 17 goals the season before. So he would be a welcome addition to Erik ten Hag’s team. Villarreal winger Arnaut Danjuma is another player who has illustrated his attacking prowess in recent times. The 25-year-old left Bournemouth last summer to move to Spain and enjoyed a strong season as he scored 16 goals in 34 matches.  Six of those goals came in the Champions League as Villarreal enjoyed a fine run to reach the semi-finals of the competition, where they were beaten by Liverpool. Danjuma is also known for his versatility and can play anywhere across the frontline, which could make him an option worth pursuing. Rennes winger Jeremy Doku, who can play on either wing and has won 10 caps for Belgium, is a player who has already been linked with a move to the Premier League. The talented 20-year-old endured an injury-hit campaign last time around but starred in Ligue 1 during the 2020/21 season and is reportedly attracting interest from Liverpool. But United could hijack the move and lure him to Old Trafford instead. 