The West has long tried to prevent countries such as Iran or North Korea from obtaining advanced and powerful weaponry. However, today, Vladimir Putin made it clear Moscow was willing to supply these dictatorships, among other countries that could pose a threat to the West, with "modern weapons". Putin, speaking at the opening ceremony of the Army-2022 forum near Moscow, claimed Russia was ready to supply its allies with the weaponry. He said: "[We] are ready to offer our allies the most modern types of weapons, from small arms to armoured vehicles and artillery to combat aviation and unmanned aerial vehicles. "Almost all of them have been used more than once in real combat operations." The Russian President also claimed many of the systems were "years, if not decades" ahead of their counterparts. However, six months into the war in Ukraine and Russian forces have suffered huge losses and setbacks facing the NATO supplied Ukrainians. He added that Russian troops in Ukraine were "honourably fulfilling their duty". Representatives from more than 70 nations were at the event to potentially purchase Russian weapons.  Putin, speaking at the opening ceremony of the Army-2022 forum near Moscow, claimed Russia was ready to supply its allies with the weaponry. He said: "[We] are ready to offer our allies the most modern types of weapons, from small arms to armoured vehicles and artillery to combat aviation and unmanned aerial vehicles. "Almost all of them have been used more than once in real combat operations." The Russian President also claimed many of the systems were "years, if not decades" ahead of their counterparts. However, six months into the war in Ukraine and Russian forces have suffered huge losses and setbacks facing the NATO supplied Ukrainians. He added that Russian troops in Ukraine were "honourably fulfilling their duty". Representatives from more than 70 nations were at the event to potentially purchase Russian weapons. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan UK and Germany visit: Every scheduled event  Russia has also long had allies in Latin America - embattled Venezuelan leader Nicolás Maduro looks to Russia for international assistance. One of Russia's longest allies in that region is Communist Cuba, which recognised Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014 and sits just 90 miles off the coast from the US city of Miami. If Russia begins supplying or increasing its supply of highly sophisticated weapons to some of these countries, which are hostile towards the West, it could be seen as a provocation. However, Russia is already the second biggest arms exporter in the world after the United States, selling weapons to China, Vietnam, India, and even Iran among many other countries. DON'T MISS:Countryfile fans shocked by ‘pure filth’ during Hamza Yassin's segment [REPORT]Xi in crisis as entire region in China forced to shutdown production [INSIGHT]Diet: Ingredient you need to consume daily to lose weight [ANALYSIS]  It is unclear, however, how many weapons systems Russia has to spare. With crippling sanctions limiting the amount of semiconductors Russia can import, it is likely the country is facing a shortage of the devices which are crucial in the manufacture of modern weaponry. Additionally, potential buyers of Russian weaponry, for example India has relied on Russia weapons exports, may see the poor performance of Russian equipment against its NATO counterparts and decide to shop elsewhere. However, that is not to say Moscow isn't still developing new technology. Putin has turned his eyes towards space. Russia is reportedly working on laser technology that would be able to blind NATO spy satellites in orbit, something which would be extremely useful in any conflict against the bloc. 