Boris Johnson "is the right man for the job" a radio caller has insisted as she defended the outgoing Conservative Prime Minister's record. The caller was clear that she "wants Boris back" during a radio phone-in calling for Mr Johnson to be allowed to continue in Number 10. Jenny, from Ipswich, told LBC: "I do want Boris back and I do think Boris is the right man for the job. I'll just quickly relay about the important things, victories I call it. "We're talking about the vaccine rollout I don't see discussed today. I've heard it's very, very important and increasingly important. So when we're going to get our jabs and we're going to go and get our top up, we have to think back as to where we got the top up, and we're safe, and we're fine because of that. "Let us talk about Brexit, Brexit was done. It was a poison chalice as I've said before, the previous government couldn't do it. They didn't know what to do with it. Whether it's completely been achieved is another matter. It's been done. "Let's also talk about Ukraine, Boris Johnson should have been allowed to finish up...being a prime minister for the next couple of years. Okay." READ MORE: I'm losing patience with the leadership race, we need a leader now She added: "In regards to all these other people, let's see what's in their closet. Let's see where they've gone wrong. Let's talk about their lives, shall we?" Soaring energy bills, exacerbated by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, have driven British inflation to 40-year-highs but the government's response has been hampered by the race to replace Johnson that runs until September 5. The government has said it is preparing options on a support package for the next prime minister to consider. Writing in the Mail on Sunday, Mr Johnson acknowledged energy bills were going to be "eye-watering".  "Next month whoever takes over from me the government will announce another huge package of financial support," he said. Conservative frontrunner Liz Truss is considering extending a 5-pence cut in fuel duty, the Telegraph said. Truss's leadership campaign is also considering the plan as a "nuclear" option, the Telegraph quoted an unnamed source as saying, with other options including a 2.5 percent cut in the VAT sales tax, from the current standard rate of 20 percent. "Liz will consider options to help people but it would not be right for her to announce her plans before she has even been elected prime minister or seen all the facts," a Truss campaign source said. DON'T MISS: House price crash MAPPED: New forecast 12% to be wiped out [REVEALED] Man, 21, arrested on suspicion of rape after elderly woman attacked [REPORT] Royal Family: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options [LATEST] A five percent cut in VAT would save the average household more than 1,300 pounds a year, and would cost taxpayers 3.2 billion pounds a month, according to analysis by the Institute for Fiscal Studies think tank, the Telegraph said. Separately, the Times newspaper reported Truss was also considering an emergency cut to income taxes. Some of her allies believe that the personal allowance, the rate above which people start to pay income tax, should be lifted, the paper said. In May, the government set out a 15-billion-pound support package, including a 400 pound energy bill credit for every household.