Londoners have shared footage of the smoke coming from the fire on social media, with one calling it "eerie. In one video uploaded to Twitter, the atmosphere is smoky while personnel from the London Fire Brigade (LFB) can be seen attempting to get to the scene.       The LFB told MyLondon that there is a fire on Pentonville Road but did not provide any further details. Islington Police also said that Metropolitan Police officers were assisting the capital's fire service. They said: "Police are assisting London Fire Brigade with road closures following a fire at a building in Pentonville Road. Please avoid the area." Just before 10pm, tweets from reporters at the scene indicated that the fire was now under control  BBC News presenter Frankie McCamley tweeted: "The fire seems like it’s under control. "Office workers tell me they believe it started on the roof. Smoke still lingering around." Just before midnight, the London Fire Brigade confirmed on Twitter that six fire engines and 40 firefighters had helped tackle the blaze. They also revealed that some decking on the roof of an eight-storey building had been destroyed in the fire. READ MORE: Clapham evacuated: Police with dogs investigate 'suspicious package'  The LFB said: "Six fire engines and around 40 firefighters were called to a fire at a commercial building on Pentonville Road in #Islington this evening. "Some decking on the roof of the eight-storey building was completely destroyed by the fire." In a statement on the London Fire Brigade website, the service also confirmed that the cause of the fire was unknown but there were no injuries. They said: "The Brigade's Control Office took 33 calls about the fire. DON'T MISS: Disabled widow ordered to remove pond which helps with her anxiety [REVEAL] 'Made in Britain' labels fuel £7.6bn post-Brexit surge in exports [INSIGHT] Millions of Britons warned as 'giant cleaver' slamming down on economy [SPOTLIGHT]  "The Brigade was called at 2042 and the fire was under control by 2228. Fire crews from Islington, Euston, Shoreditch and other surrounding fire stations attended the scene. "The Brigade's Control Office took 33 calls about the fire. "There were no injuries reported. 