Zeedan (played by Qasim Akhtar) returned to Coronation Street last year in the wake of his grandmother Yasmeen Nazir's (Shelley King) ordeal at the hands of her villainous husband, Geoff Metcalfe (Ian Bartholomew). The heartthrob found himself at the centre of the drama as it was discovered he had stolen money from his father-in-law, Hashim Elamin (Vincent Ebrahim). After the latter died, Zeedan has been keeping things afloat at the Speed Daal restaurant but it could be he will soon be behind bars as he gets a greater part in Stu Carpenter's (Bill Fellows) current storyline on the ITV soap. In recent scenes, viewers and the rest of Weatherfield have discovered Stu supposedly killed a young woman he was having an affair with 27 years ago. As next week comes around, Yasmeen is still unsure what to believe but it seems her grandchildren are on a quest for justice. Zeedan is soon on the case as he discovers some information from Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) that the detective who interrogate Stu at the time of the murder took early retirement. However, this was laced in mystery as many members of the police force were not told why Detective Lennox suddenly left. With his curiosity piqued, Zeedan asks Craig to find out some more details but the young Nazir man has another challenge to face. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets He and his grandmother receive letters from Stu, who is pleading with them to go and visit him in prison but Yasmeen bins them. As she prepares for her fundraiser, Yasmeen is told Stu could be released within a couple of days and this leaves her unnerved. By the time it comes for her to deliver her speech at the fundraiser, she becomes panicked about the situation at hand. When Roy Cropper (David Neilson) later calls at Speed Daal, he finds his friend in the midst of a panic attack and struggling to breathe. As this is all happening on the cobbles, Zeedan decides to pay Stu a visit and see what he has to make of the discovery from Craig. Stu tells Zeedan about his case files and how these will prove he is innocent of murdering the young woman he was having an affair with. Knowing he needs legal help, Zeedan calls at the solicitor's office and asks Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson) to access the case files. When Adam later tells Yasmeen, who he thinks knows about the plan, that he has requested the case files, she reels. Now knowing her grandson is helping the accused killer, she confronts Zeedan and later when he is on the phone to Stu, the prisoner asks to speak with Yasmeen. Instead of listening to what the man has to say, she kills the call. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street’s Brooke Vincent impresses celebs with bikini body [PICTURES]Colson Smith weight loss: The 'easy' diet plan Corrie star followed [COMMENT]Katie McGlynn weight loss: TV star lost a stone by eating 'right' food [ANALYSIS] Despite his grandmother being against the idea of contacting and helping Stu, Zeedan proceeds anyway and meets up with Adam. The lawyer tells him he can access Stu's case files but it will come at a cost of over £1,200 which the Nazirs would need to fork out for. Talking with his sister, Zeedan asks Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) for help and to support him on his mission to free Stu. They decide they will go halves on the sum and when they next call at the solicitor's office, they are handed the files. Whatever these files contain, it could be enough for Zeedan to contemplate murder as he shows how strongly he supports Stu. After Zeedan gets the details of Detective Lennox who made sure Stu went down for a crime he did not commit, he would want justice. Arriving at the former detective's house, Zeedan would want to confront the elderly character about how disgusting his treatment of Stu was. With the man in a frail condition anyway, as it's clear he is coming towards the end of his life, he could confess to everything he did. Seeing red, Zeedan could end his life earlier than expected and as he flees the scene, he could forget to clear away all the evidence. This is where the police could catch their killer immediately and with no question he did it, Zeedan could be given a life sentence. With this twist possibly on the horizon, the actor who plays Stu, Bill, has spoken out about getting the storyline for his character. The soap star said: "When [producer] Iain MacLeod first told me the storyline, I thought it was a great storyline and I liked the twist. "He then told me that Stu had been in prison for 27 years which surprised me and he told me that Stu had had an affair with a young waitress when he was married and had a child at home and that was a surprise too! "But that's why I call Stu a flawed character and I love this storyline because I love that Stu is flawed, I like that he has made mistakes." Will Zeedan end up paying the ultimate price as he tries to help his friend? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.