The royal was reportedly spotted this weekend taking a budget airline flight with her young family as they returned from a sunny Spanish getaway. It marks a change from her previous years of splash-the-cash vacations. In 2015 alone, the daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson reportedly took fifteen luxury foreign trips. She was also spotted enjoying herself alongside Oprah Winfrey and other celebrities on Roman Abramovich’s super yacht. But according to Hello magazine, the princess was seen on a Wizz Air flight travelling back from Malaga to Gatwick Airport on Saturday. A source explained to the magazine that Beatrice had been returning from the Spanish city on the southern Mediterranean coast with her family, husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and daughter Sienna Elizabeth. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice summer holiday with family at affordable destination The princess married the British property developer and descendant of Italian nobility in 2020, and the couple welcomed their first child into the family in September last year. The source commented: “I was so shocked to see Princess Beatrice flying Wizz Air. “She was travelling with her family and had a child's car seat with her.” The source suggested that Christopher Woolf ‘Wolfie’, Mr Mozzi’s son from a previous engagement and Princess Beatrice’s step-son, may have also been on the trip. The magazine described her as a “down-to-earth royal” and a “savvy spender”. WizzAir flights can go for as little as £22, and even short notice tickets from Malaga to Gatwick are around £135. That said, Princess Beatrice still has a soft spot for expensive getaways. Earlier this year she was seen with mum Fergie and sister Princess Eugenie on the slopes in Verbier, Switzerland. The Alpine village is renowned as a Skiing party town and chalets there attract huge price tags. They were joined by Mr Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank, Eugenie’s husband. DON'T MISS:Hated Brexit deal ‘could shatter UK’ [INSIGHT]Farage blasts those blaming conflict in Ukraine for inflation [NEWS]Britons blast Tories and Labour who are ‘as bad as each other’ [OPINION] In 2020, newly wed Beatrice and Edoardo took a low-key honeymoon to the south of France. Beatrice has been touted as a princess of the people recently, as her father remained out of public life while fighting and later settling out of court a legal case with Virginia Giuffre. The fallout of Prince Andrew’s association with Jeffrey Epstein led to the Duke being stripped of many of his titles and honours as well as stepping down from royal duties. One of those was his honorary title as freeman of his namesake city, which was revoked by York Council in April. Cllr David Taylor, an independent, said that Prince Andrew’s daughter, Beatrice, might be given the honour in the future. He said she had “done her homework” when visiting the city previously and knew many of the people there well.