Mr Sanghera has unlocked the secret to the Queen's success at maintaining broad public support in a new royal documentary from Channel 4, The Real Windsors. The best-selling author of EmpireLand: How Modern Britain is Shaped by its Imperial Past, told the programme he believes the Queen's connection to World War II was at the root of the monarchy's public appeal. "I'm a kind of reluctant monarchist," Mr Sanghera told the Channel4 documentary. "I think the monarchy is okay if the Queen's in charge because I think she's done a great job. "She has a connection to history, she has a connection to World War Two, which is a defining event in our national psychology, isn't it? "And she's a real she was there and I think that's why she has such a power over us." READ MORE: Meghan told to 'realign image' after 'using royal card all the time' The Queen's Platinum Jubilee concert has held on to its spot at the top of the 2022 TV rating chart, seeing off a challenge from England's victory in the final of the women's Euros, new figures show. The star-studded concert, which took place in front of Buckingham Palace in early June, was watched by an average of 13.1 million people on BBC One. England's appearance in the Euro 2022 final at the end of July was always likely to pull in one of the biggest TV audiences of the year, with overnight ratings suggesting more than 17 million were watching at the moment the final whistle blew. But official figures released on Monday show that average ratings for the whole of BBC One's coverage of the game did not quite manage to overtake the royal knees-up, coming in at 11.2 million.  On Tuesday, sources close to the palace reported that the Queen's traditional welcome to Balmoral Castle by a guard of honour will be held privately this year for her "comfort." A military unit is normally inspected by the monarch at the gates of her Scottish retreat to mark the Queen taking up residence at her home. But the event will be held behind the gates on Tuesday inside the grounds of Balmoral, with a source saying "This is a change in line with events being adapted for Her Majesty's comfort". The Queen has faced episodic mobility issues since last autumn and now regularly uses a walking stick, with some of her official engagements this year shorter in length than would have been expected. DON'T MISS:   She missed much of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations during the extended Bank Holiday weekend in June but did make two separate brief appearances on the Buckingham Palace balcony. The Queen, who travelled to Scotland on July 21, is believed to have been staying at a property on her estate and will move to her main Balmoral home on Tuesday. The monarch is unlikely to be alone for very long as members of her family are invited to spend time with her at Balmoral every summer. She is also expected to break her summer holiday and travel back to England to hold audiences with the outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his successor in early September.