Almost expecting a diagnosis at some point in her life, Beeny said: “I've waited 40 years to hear those words. I knew I was going to hear it one day.” She went on to explain that she was handed the devastating diagnosis only three weeks ago and has started chemotherapy. The Property Ladder presenter has also taken to social media to reveal her new short haircut, after donating some of her hair to the Little Princess Trust before she will, sadly, lose some as a result of her cancer treatment. Speaking about her four teenage boys attempting to cut off her hair, Beeny said with a laugh: “To be honest, I wouldn’t recommend getting four teenage boys to cut off your hair. Graham was trying to cut it nicely, but the boys – well, they’re not going to be famous hairdressers. “They said I looked like Cersei Lannister from Game of Thrones – I mean, she’s beautiful so I was sort of flattered, but my hair is now in some places about a centimetre long and in some places it’s an inch long.” Despite the laughter, Beeny also admitted that she found losing her hair “really, really sad”; the realities of what a cancer diagnosis means to a loving family. On the day she went to the doctors, Beeny knew she was going to be told she had cancer. “I think I’m impatient because it might run out; you might not have any more time,” she said.  DON'T MISS: Eyesight: Hot drink enjoyed by billions can 'dehydrate' the eyes and cause 'vision loss'  On Friday (August, 26), she began a course of chemotherapy. The star will also have a mastectomy in the new year, followed by radiotherapy. Luckily for Beeny, she has been reassured that the cancer has not spread and that “there is an 80 percent chance of a cure,” but despite the positive prognosis, taking the news was still understandably difficult, especially after losing her mother to the same disease. After Beeny was given her own news she had “a little bit of a breakdown” in the consultation room. She continued to say: “The nurse was so sweet and they were really nice to me but I thought, ‘You don’t understand. I have waited 40 years to hear those words.’ I knew I was going to hear it one day.” Remarkably however, after going through such loss at a young age, Beeny has developed a sense of resilience. “When someone dies when you’re young, you don’t really understand the impact completely, but there are holes later on,” she said. “You think, ‘Oh, that’s where my mum would be,’ like when you have a child. “The fear makes you pack a lot in. My husband always says I’m so impatient in life and I think I’m impatient because it might run out; you might not have any more time. So I guess that’s how it’s impacted me a lot.” Her mother’s memory has always been alive in her family – “Everyone talks about Grandma Ann” – but along with her own diagnosis, is grief for her late mother. Beeny added: “It has opened a tinderbox of stuff that I’ve carefully swept under the carpet for a really long time.” Breast cancer remains the most common type of cancer in the UK with around one in eight women diagnosed during their lifetime. Similar to Beeny, who is awaiting results to see if her disease is hereditary, those who have a family history of the condition are known to be at an increased risk of developing the condition. Other risk factors of breast cancer can include:  She urged: “Go for the mammogram. And always go for a second check-up if you can still feel a lump. Keep on going until you get a biopsy. Be vigilant.” The NHS explains that breast cancer can have several symptoms, but the first is usually a lump of thickened breast tissue. Although not always cancerous, it is best to get these checked by a GP. Other signs or symptoms to get checked include: Despite only having been diagnosed a short while ago, Beeny went on to explain how much of her life has changed already, but how she is determined to continue with work. “Every day it gets a bit better, because you climb another mountain,” she said. “I do recognise that everyone deals with it in a different way. My way is just the way that works for me and other people would handle this differently, and that’s OK. It’s a personal journey that you just have to go through. Hopefully, not many people do. “Maybe I projected the future and made it happen. But I know I’m going to get better from this. I have to get better from this because my mother died when I was 10. This sounds a really weird thing to say, but because people like my mother died they did loads of research which means we’re now in a position where I won’t die. She died to make sure that I won’t die. So I’m going to live for both of us.” 