Van Der Valk is coming to ITV this weekend and it features Marc Warren as the title character. The TV series is set in Amsterdam, with each episode focusing on a new murder mystery. Maimie McCoy plays Van Der Valk's colleague, Lucienne, and the star spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the filming locations. Van Der Valk bosses were thrilled with the positive response to the first season. The character connected with viewers and the show's creators were keen to make the second outing bigger and better than ever. The coronavirus lockdown impacted filming greatly as production was extensively delayed. The British-made police drama is set in Amsterdam and it is filmed on location. Some of the main locations include the Rijksmuseum, the Achtergracht canal and the NDSM wharf. READ MORE: ‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne For season two, Maimie McCoy said the first episode was filmed in the stunning countryside. She told Express.co.uk: "One of my favourite things is how vast it is, when we look at that first episode of season two, we start in a field in Groningen, which is two hours out of Amsterdam. "There was literally us and a windmill in a field, and then it kind of goes really extreme. "We were in this kind of artists community which is part of the story, but it's real. "They didn't build any of that, they found it and I'm not even sure if that's still there now. "Because that was on its way out so everything that was happening within the episode was totally true. "So even kind of in that little rabbit warren they have built and created there, I would never have got to have witnessed that. "If you were visiting a city you would never be in there." The star also recalled the moment the cast visited a diamond factory during production. She said: "We were up in the workshop holding rough diamonds, which I personally prefer to the real ones. DON'T MISS... The Sandman bosses pay tribute to Tom Sturridge as 'number one choice'[INTERVIEW] Emmerdale fans spot error as Matty Barton plants drugs in Suzy's car [DISCUSSION] Emmerdale theory: Priya Sharma's new career unveiled [THEORY] "I know I will probably be crucified for that, but pretty much every day is incredibly different. "And then you get into the police station, we have been in there for what feels like forever now. "But I actually like playing in that space because it's one huge big room essentially. "And you have to try and make everything different and in some ways, I like the challenge of that even better." Lead writer Chris Murray explained where the inspiration for the season two storylines came from. He said: "As always, much of the inspiration comes from the city itself. "The first film focuses on someone who is killing in ways that relate to the city: its flag, its logo and its most famous philosopher, Spinoza. "We wanted something that tapped into the history of the city in some way. "Similarly, in the second film, we were aware that Amsterdam is famous for its diamonds and also wanted to tell a story about a family because we hadn’t done that kind of story before. "Hence a story about a dysfunctional family who run a diamond factory."  Van Der Valk airs on ITV on Sunday, August 7.