Alicia Sowerby, 23, has alleged squalid conditions at the high-rise block in Aldgate, London, ruined her studies. The woman moved in at the start of September last year for her degree at nearby University of Law - London Bloomsbury but says her physical and mental health has been affected by accomodation issues, which she claims included broken heating, cockroaches everywhere and a bag of sick left out for a day. She finally moved out on Friday, March 29. IQ Student Accommodation, which manages the block, say the allegations do not reflect the reality of life at Aldgate and the issues Alicia raised have been addressed. But Alicia, originally from York, said: "It's absolutely horrendous. You wouldn't believe it. "It's such a lot of money I have no idea how they are getting away with this. "The whole block stinks and there is rubbish everywhere. It's disgusting. There was a bag of sick left on a chair for a whole day - it was spilling out everywhere. Living there was so bad for my mental and physical health." Alicia shared the accommodation with students from around the world. She claims a group of Chinese students went as far as to seek help from their embassy while others contacted the local MP. Other residents organised a petition over complaints, Alicia claims.  She continued: "Those living conditions are a breach of human rights. It's like living in a prison. "I used to sit and work near the reception area and people were complaining all the time but nothing changed." IQ claims photos of rubbish build-up had only built up in the refuse room behind the reception on the ground floor which was the result of a missed rubbish collection from the council. It says this was cleared quickly. The company says the buildings' team frequently cleans the common area and no record of a bag of sick being left on a chair for a whole day was ever reported. Photos provided of the damaged room have also been explained to have been taken after a student damaged it. Alicia claimed pest control was called out to deal with the cockroach infestation but the insects kept spreading throughout one of the floors. IQ said cockroaches were discovered on one floor and, since then, pest control has visited the site every week.   An IQ spokesperson said: "We pride ourselves on the high-quality accommodation we provide to our students and ensure common areas are cleaned multiple times each day. We are disappointed that Alicia has made a series of allegations, supported by misleading photographs, that do not reflect the reality of life at Aldgate.  "We frequently inspect our buildings and, over the last year, we have addressed every issue that Alicia has raised." The University of Law - London Bloomsbury would like it made clear it has no relationship with the accommodation provider named in the story.  