Arsenal have been handed a significant boost in their pursuit of Villarreal winger Yeremy Pino by none other than former boss Unai Emery. The Gunners have heavily backed Emery's successor Mikel Arteta again this summer but are still eyeing further reinforcements in the window's final three weeks. Arteta has splashed around £120million on five new additions - Matt Turner, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Fabio Viera, Marquinhos and Gabriel Jesus. But despite spending almost £80m on bolstering his attack alone, the Spaniard wants another addition in Pino. Arsenal have reportedly tabled a £33m bid to add the 19-year-old winger to their already exciting ranks after he impressed throughout the 2021/22 season. He registered six goals and four assists in 21 starts in all competitions as he helped Villarreal reach the Champions League semi-finals. However, despite the Spain international carrying a £67m release clause, Villarreal manager Emery has admitted the club will have to cash in on him if a suitable offer arrives. The La Liga outfit's financial problems have made them open to selling their key stars this summer, and Pino is one who's reluctantly in the shop window. JUST IN: Man Utd 'expected' to miss out on Memphis Depay despite approach  Ahead of Villarreal's La Liga opener against Real Valladolid on Saturday, Emery admitted that Pino would 'have to' depart if he was the subject of a concrete approach. He said: "If an offer arrives for players like Yeremy Pino, then he will have to leave. We have a responsibility with the club. It is what it is." Villarreal were expected to cash in on the likes of Pau Torres and Arnaut Danjuma after their stellar roles in last term's memorable European run. However, Manchester United dropped their interest in Torres after Erik ten Hag opted for a reunion with Lisandro Martinez and Danjuma's move to West Ham United also fell through. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd target wants move, Fofana to Chelsea close  It has led to Pino emerging as a potential source of cash amid heavyweight interest, with Liverpool understood to have joined Arsenal in circling him. But the north London giants have seemingly made the first move and could receive a major favour from their ex-gaffer, who lasted just one year as Arsene Wenger's successor. Arsenal will hope any new signings before the September 1 transfer deadline will complement a positive start to the Premier League campaign after their opening-night 2-0 triumph at Crystal Palace. The Gunners host Leicester City at the Emirates Stadium this weekend before games against AFC Bournemouth, Fulham, and Aston Villa round off August. To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here