On September 6, 7 and 8 union members in nine Scottish council areas will walk out in a row over pay. A total of 13,000 staff who are a part of Unison are expected to be involved in the industrial action. Workers including school catering staff, cleaners, caretakers, teaching assistants and early years practitioners will take action after being offered a five percent pay rise from councils. They say the amount fails to cover the rise of inflation, with prices increasing by 10.2 percent over the past 12 months. GMB Scotland have also confirmed school and early years staff in Glasgow and East Renfrewshire will strike on the three days. About 1,200 staff from Glasgow and 150 from East Renfrewshire will take part in the walk out. READ MORE: EU ‘should’ help Sturgeon’s independence dream with Covid fund  The unions have laid the blame at the feet of the SNP-led Scottish Government, accusing Nicola Sturgeon's ministers of "dragging their heels" over a pay offer. Johanna Baxter, Unison Scotland's head of local government, she: "So far we have only had an offer of talks - we have not had a pay offer. "Until we can explain to Unison members how a pay offer might impact on them, council workers have been left with no choice but to strike." Schools, early years centres and nurseries in Aberdeenshire, Clackmannanshire, East Renfrewshire, Glasgow City, Inverclyde, Orkney, North Lanarkshire, Stirling and South Lanarkshire will all be impacted. It is the latest dispute between workers and councils in Scotland after bin workers in Edinburgh walked out last week over their own pay offer. Cammy Day, leader of the City of Edinburgh Council, said his administration was "continuing to push hard for a resolution as quickly as possible". DON'T MISS:SNP spends £20MILLION on electric police cars... with no chargers [INSIGHT]BBC journalist subjected to ‘disgraceful abuse’ by SNP protesters [WATCH]'Extraordinary!' SNP spend third of IndyRef2 fund - despite vote doubt [UPDATE]  But he added: "We also need to carry on pressing the Scottish Government to give us more flexibility on how we use our resources and as well as providing fairer funding for our services." The Scottish Government have tried to distance itself from the disputes and suggested that it is for councils and unions to come to a compromise on pay rises. Local government minister Shona Robison said: "The increased pay offer to local government workers by councils is a welcome step forward and has been supported by the Scottish Government's commitment of an additional £140 million for council workers' pay on a recurring basis. "As the employers, these pay negotiations are a matter for local authorities and unions - the Scottish Government has no formal role.  "However, throughout discussions, we have sought to work collaboratively with Cosla while providing full transparency around our financial position. "The Scottish Government encourages local authorities and trades unions to take forward meaningful dialogue and, while this is happening, for strike action not to take place. "All areas of the public sector are having to make challenging savings to stay within budget. "The UK Government has cut the Scottish Government's budget and not adjusted it for inflation, exacerbating the financial situation for both Government and councils. "Nevertheless, we have sought to do what we can within the resources available to us to support a meaningful revised offer in the face of the cost of living emergency." 