Royal commentator Daniela Elser made the comments as she questioned if the "Sussex/Netflix marriage" can "survive". Ms Elser said that since Harry and Meghan signed their deal with the streaming giant in 2020 the "landscape" for both the couple and the streaming giant has "significantly shifted beneath them all". Writing for news.com.au, the columnist said: "Not only have the fortunes of Netflix lurched wildly since 2020 but so have Harry and Meghan’s." Ms Elser highlighted how Netflix lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. Turning to Harry and Meghan, she claimed the "magic dust of their royalty has largely dulled in the last two years and the novelty factor has worn off". Ms Elser said the deal could be "riding on" the at-home series they are reportedly filming. But she warned the show is unlikely to feature much "royal access" as she claimed Harry and Meghan were "embarrassingly sidelined" when they returned to Britain for the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend earlier this year. Ms Elser said: "If it turns out that the Duke and Duchess are TV gold, if they are about to demonstrate that they are binge-worthy stars who can pull in streaming viewers globally, then their US careers are set. Get another polo pony! Hell, buy seven. "But, if they fail to live up to the hype and the rhetoric? The huge sums being touted and all those lovely millions supposedly coming their way could dry up faster than a Californian lake. "(And it’s not as if their docuseries is likely to feature much royal access given that Harry and Meghan were embarrassingly sidelined by The Firm when they were in London for the Platinum Jubilee.)" Harry and Meghan returned to the UK for the celebrations in June but were banned from Buckingham Palace's balcony during Trooping the Colour along with other non-working royals. The couple were absent from many of the festivities during the extended weekend but did attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral where they were relegated to second-row seats. The Sussexes struck their deal with Netflix after quitting as working royals in 2020 for a new life in the US. Earlier this year it was reported the couple were filming an at-home docuseries as part of the lucrative agreement. A source told Page Six that Netflix was "getting its pound of flesh" from Harry and Meghan with the show. It came after it emerged in May that Meghan's animated show Pearl had been dropped by the streaming giant. Netflix insisted Archewell Productions remained a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary series Heart Of Invictus. Harry and Meghan are living in California with their two children Archie and Lilibet after Megxit saw them step back as working royals in March 2020. They are pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond with their new careers outside of the monarchy including deals with Netflix and Spotify. 