  Earlier today, Scarlette Douglas announced that her final episode of A Place in the Sun would air at 3pm on Channel 4 today. The presenter revealed that her exit has been “emotional” and discussed her reason for leaving the show after seven years in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Scarlette spoke about leaving her presenting spot on A Place in the Sun, explaining that her decision to go had been sparked by “a lot of reasons”. One of those reasons includes the new Channel 4 show that she is co-hosting with her brother Stuart, which is entitled Worst House on the Street. She reflected: “Today’s my last ever episode of A Place In The Sun and I’ve been quite emotional about it, actually. “It’s the end of an era, after seven years, but now obviously I’ve got these new, amazing opportunities with Stuart working together. READ MORE: Ian Hislop on time apart from wife Victoria 'Lives in Greece!'    “It’s fun, it’s different, it’s exciting and it does kind of give me a new lease of life within my presenting career. “It’s great, because I’ve never worked in a duo before, so it’s really nice to have a co-presenter with me." Asked why she chose to leave, Scarlette replied: “A lot of reasons to be fair, you know, I've been doing that show for seven years now. “It was the first presenting job I've ever got, which is amazing just to be on Channel 4 - such a prestigious channel and programme."      Scarlette went on to describe how her various projects, including the ones she is pursuing with Stuart, had left her with an over-crowded schedule. “I think it did get to a point where my diary was just getting so busy,” she explained. “I've got another show called My Dream Derelict Home in the Sun, which is my own show that comes out on HGTV in October. “And because of Brexit and, you know, not being able to go into the Schengen region for any longer than three months in a six month period… READ MORE... Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie [INSIGHT] Brooklyn Beckham sides with wife Nicola as she cries in cryptic post [UPDATE] Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [NEWS]      “It was just becoming more and more difficult to be able to film those two shows abroad, the show with my brother and another show that we were doing with George Clarke as well. “It was just getting manic, so I thought, ‘You know what? I've done that show, I've loved it and I've learned everything I could possibly learn on it. “So, it's time to move on and keep going and take all that knowledge with me and just keep growing as well.” Scarlette then went on to admit she would have an emotional response to watching her show back.     “I probably will be a crying mess,” she admitted. “I get emotionally attached to things. “I probably will be crying my eyes out like: ‘It's the last one!’ I'll say that, and then tomorrow there'll be a repeat on… But I think, because it's the last new one, that's what makes it so special.” Scarlette went on to describe how she was “so excited” to be embarking on a new adventure with her big Brother Stuart. Stuart added that their family were “really proud” and that pair made an excellent team both on and off the screen. Worst House on the Street follows Scarlette and Stuart's work as property developers as they help families transform run-down houses into dream homes without breaking the bank. Watch Scarlette & Stuart Douglas present Worst House on the Street on Channel 4, Tuesdays at 8pm.   