Actress Melissa Johns discussed why she believed Mr Sunak was "clutching at straws" in the race to become the next Prime Minister with Jeremy Vine. The British actress discussed the former Chancellor's pledge to lower taxes over the next seven years for Britons. She explained that no one knows what was going to happen in seven years' time and suggested he should not make too many long-term plans for the British economy Ms Johns told Jeremy Vine on 5: "Yeah definitely, absolutely this is something that... As you say how can you even know what is going to happen in seven years' time? "It feels a bit clutching at straws doesn't it?" Mr Vine said: "And also Boris Johnson... You saw Boris Johnson had a little wedding anniversary thing, over the weekend. "And there were some quotes that appeared from it, and someone said a bit generously that Rishi Sunak was not mentioned very much during the day. JUST IN: 'Thrilled!' Queen branded 'class act' as monarch celebrates happy news from Balmoral     "And then Boris gave a speech and said I am the victim of the biggest stitch-up since the Bayeux Tapestry." Guests in attendance at Mr Johnson's lavish anniversary party included Nadine Dorries, Ben Wallace, and Jacob Ree-Mogg. Mr Sunak has not only been criticised by members of his own Party, but many Britons have also slammed him. Mr Sunak has been criticised over his U-turn decision to cut taxes, as he announced plans to cut them over a seven-year period unlike his rival Liz Truss, who has claimed she would instantly implement tax cuts if she was to become the next Prime Minister. READ MORE:'Great loss!' Putin's strike kills Ukrainian grain tycoon as Kremlin continues bombardment     Many people in Britain have been impacted negatively by the cost of living crisis. Financial experts have been warning that inflation and increased costs of living will worsen this winter. Britons are hopeful that the next Prime Minister will tackle the problems of the British economy, as many cannot afford the increased costs of food and energy. Journalist Lizzie Cundy told GB News: "He keeps saying, 'I worked in a chemist'. "I think frankly, he should go back and work in that chemist because he's never going to Prime Minister. "He's so polished, so full of tinsel. It's all twaddle.  DON’T MISS: 'Loving it!' Queen Letizia stuns fans in £18 Zara dress at Atlantida Mallorca Film Fest[INSIGHT]Putin threatens ‘lightning speed’ missiles and vows Russia will be ‘great maritime power' [REVEAL]Pick up your England souvenir as Lionesses win Euro 2022 Final with victory over Germany [SPOTLIGHT] "He's now doing a tax U-turn, that's desperation. READ NEXT