Fans of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared their hacks for keeping cats out of gardens. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram. In recent years, fans of hers have taken to social media platforms to share their own cleaning hacks and tips. On one such group, Facebook user Sue Munro asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Can anyone suggest an effective way of stopping cats pooping in our garden? “We don’t have a cat ourselves and really don’t want to be dodging cat poop.” The post received more than 200 comments from Facebook users. The most popular response was to put citrus peel down in the garden. READ MORE: How to stop your kitchen sink smelling & remove thick gunk from drain Angela Williams replied: “My cats don't do any in my garden. “If it’s soil, you have to put wood chip down and lemons cut up as they don't like citrus.” Vicky Tee replied: “Sliced lemons have worked for me. They don’t get washed away. “I have been free of cats in my garden for just over two years. I understand they don’t like lavender plants either.”  DON'T MISS5 ‘very effective’ and safe ways to deter foxes from your garden [INSIGHT]How to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat - 'ultimate hack' [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer buyer adds £45k value to home [ANALYSIS] Caroline Michelle Holland commented: “Orange peel and lemon peel. You can also buy machines that send out noises to keep them out.” Janette Erskine suggested: “Lavender flowers, or citrus peel.” Rosemary Appleton replied: “Orange peel, cider.” Charmaine Dennien commented: “Citrus peels can work in particular lemon.” Most people have lemons in their homes but for those who don’t, they’re relatively affordable to purchase. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea ASDA Tangy & Zesty Lemons cost just 79p for four, which works out at just under 20p each. Sainsbury's Lemons Unwaxed cost £1.25 for a minimum of five. Tesco lemons cost £1.35 for four or 90p for four if you have a Clubcard. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using plastic bottles, tea bags with citronella, plastic bags, peppermint oil, black pepper and coffee. Sharon Watterson replied: “Citronella sprinkled on used tea bags and put where cats were pooing worked for us. “I also sprinkled it in a few other places on the slate last year and it worked, they've not been back since.”  Fiona Richardson commented: “Clear plastic bottles with water in. Don’t know if it works but cheap start. “Remember someone telling me this when I lived on a terraced street with front gardens!” Louise Marr wrote: “I find the best deterrent is plastic bags. “They don’t like the rustling sound. Tie them to washing line bushes anywhere near where the cat is using as its toilet.” Stephanie Brazzo suggested: “Peppermint oil.” Paula Nelson Swift said: “I lay used coffee filter papers with coffee on it worked.” Pat Langford wrote: “Sprinkle ground black pepper.”