The Government website states that state pensioners with a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both can qualify for this cash boost. To get this extra help, Britons will need to apply for Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance is a benefit administered by the Department for Work and Pensions and the amount someone gets is dependent on the “severity” of their condition. The benefit scheme is paid at two different rates, one higher and the other lower. Pensioners will be able to get £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. A state pensioner who is suffering from a severe health condition or illness would get £369.60 each month from Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: 'Worth a try' Mum shares 'substantial change' that helped save £95 a month on energy bills Britons can spend the money however they choose and it could help them stay independent in your own home for longer. Individuals should apply for Attendance Allowance if they have problems washing, bathing, getting around, eating or taking medication. Those looking to apply for Attendance Allowance can download a claim form via the GOV.UK website. On the Age UK website, the organisation provides advice to applicants on how to successfully put forward a claim for Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: DWP: Millions of benefit claimants set to move to Universal Credit - 'Payments may change' The charity stated: “When filling out the form, be really clear about how your illness or disability affects your life and attach any supporting information, such as GP letters, your care plans, or prescription lists. “Once you've submitted your form, the Department of Work and Pensions may contact you for more information or arrange a doctor visit. “It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things down you think the doctor should know about. “You'll get a letter about whether or not you’ll get Attendance Allowance, how much, and from what date. “If you’re not happy with the decision, you can appeal. We have more information about appealing a benefits decision.” As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, campaigners are reminding Britons to check what extra benefits they may be entitled to. Around £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year in the UK so people should use the Government benefits tool to check what they may be entitled to. Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It is also tax-free and they will be exempt from the Benefit Cap so someone can’t have money taken away from any other benefits. Britons won’t be able to get Attendance Allowance if they already get PIP or DLA to pay for their care.