Manchester United have denied reports suggesting that they are considering terminating Cristiano Ronaldo's contract. The Portugal international has sulked his way through matches against Brighton and Brentford so far this term. And he's failed to score in either match amid his desire to leave. Manchester United were rocked at the end of June when Ronaldo informed them he wanted to leave for a team who can offer him Champions League football. And though the Red Devils have managed to keep hold of the Portugal international, all isn’t well behind the scenes. Ronaldo cut a frustrated figure on Saturday as United were battered 4-0 by Brentford at the Gtech Community Stadium on a horrendous afternoon in the sun. And his angsty display was similar to the one he produced upon coming off the bench against Brighton last week. Some reports claimed United want to see a change in attitude from the 37-year-old, and that failure to do so will see his contract terminated. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything But United have since claimed that this is not true. Ronaldo’s current deal is due to expire next summer, having penned a two-year contract upon returning from Juventus in last summer’s transfer window. United can also extend his contract by a further year. But with Ronaldo doing more bad than good on the field since asking to leave, it appears an exit is still a possibility. United have already lost Edinson Cavani on a free transfer this summer, while Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection having last featured against West Ham back in January. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already And losing Ronaldo would be a huge blow given how short they are when it comes to forwards at the club. Chelsea registered an interest at the start of the summer but Thomas Tuchel isn’t keen on a deal, in stark contrast to Blues owner Todd Boehly. Bayern Munich were linked earlier, too, but the Bundesliga giants have since made it clear Ronaldo wouldn’t fit in over at the Allianz Arena. And Napoli and Atletico Madrid have also emerged as potential suitors for the forward since it became clear Ronaldo wanted to leave United behind. The Red Devils star was livid after the defeat to Brentford on Saturday and appeared to ignore Steve McClaren’s orders to go over to the away fans. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former Manchester City star Trevor Sinclair slammed Ronaldo and said he was holding the club to ransom. “He's holding the club to ransom. Erik ten Hag is new in the job and it's a difficult situation for him to be in,” he said. “But I don't want to see this. I don't want to see Manchester United as a huge club getting bullied. I think that's what Ronaldo's trying to do. "If Manchester United heed to Ronaldo's demands, they're proving they can be bullied off a footballer. We understand he wants to break records, but if he and his team-mates were better last season, they could have got into the Champions League then. "For me, he’s not earned the right to be in the Champions League this year because his team’s not been good enough.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team