KSI is set to make history when he returns to the boxing ring for the first time in three years tonight. The Watford local, real name Olajide Olayinka Williams Olatunji - will contest his second and third professional fights at London's O2 arena this evening. The 29-year-old will have the stiff task of competing not once but twice on the same night, something only George Foreman had previously done. The YouTuber will fight rapper Swarmz after fellow YouTuber Alex Wassabi pulled out of their matchup citing a concussion. However, fans in attendance will get two for the price of one as the Watford local is due to face Mexico’s Luis Alcaraz Pineda in the main event. KSI’s second opponent was set to be journeyman Ivan Nikolov, who was later found to have neo-Nazi tattoos printed on him. After removing the Bulgarian who was discovered to be a white supremacist after further research, from the card, KSI opted to face Pineda, who has a record of two victories and five defeats, in the final fight of the evening. A win for KSI will see him edge one step closer to a mega showdown with Jake Paul who has already agreed to a winner-takes-all bout on social media. It is set to be a pulsating night of boxing in South East London tomorrow night, and here is how you can catch the action. JUST IN: KSI calls out Jake Paul in X-rated speech and promises first-round knockout of Swarmz   The action is set to commence at 7pm with the main event taking place at approximately 10.30pm. Streaming platform DAZN will show the fight in the UK. DAZN costs £7.99 to subscribe to in the UK, but the streaming service has made KSI's fight card a pay-per-view event, costing £11.99 on top of the subscription. The action will be available on radio with talkSPORT providing exclusive commentary. The coverage will start at 7pm on talkSPORT 2 before switching over to talkSPORT at 9pm. KSI is set to begin the night’s action against Swarmz, before taking on Pineda in the main event. Rounds per bout listed in brackets. MAIN EVENT: KSI vs Luis Alcaraz Pineda – (3) Cruiserweight The card is subject to change…