Adam Peaty was interviewed about his performance in this year's Commonwealth Games by BBC correspondent Sharron Davies after winning the 50m breaststroke in the semi-finals. The athlete has come under fire for downplaying the sporting event after telling Sharron the win was a case of "job done, back to bed". The 27-year-old old complained to Sharron about being held for too long on the blocks at the start of the race. He told her it was a case of "job done, back to bed," before adding: "It doesn't feel amazing, but it doesn't feel bad either." Sharron, a former Olympic swimmer, accused Adam of being "a little bit blasé". He replied: "It'll probably be my last attempt tomorrow, but I'm not bothered about it." READ MORE: Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series Adam added: "That's no disrespect. I'm still four weeks into my programme, I can't put that expectation on myself." When the poolside interview cut back to the BBC studio, host Clare Balding asked swimmer Mark Foster to give his opinions on Adam's remark. The Olympian said: "I think he's trying to say it doesn't matter. It does matter, it's the Commonwealth Games, it's a multi-sport event and I think when he was growing up, the Commonwealth Games would have been a big deal. "But the fact that he's won lots of Worlds and Olympic Games, maybe he's trying to play it down to himself that it doesn't matter."  The sportsperson felt Adam's remark came across as "a bit disrespectful". Many viewers agreed and took to Twitter to voice their views on the interview. Jo fumed: "Adam Peaty has totally gone down in my estimations after that interview. So disrespectful to all those that have won medals and do think they count." Dan remarked: "Adam Peaty is so disrespectful. He’s acting like the Commonwealth Games don’t matter." DON'T MISS...Adam Peaty says sorry after winning Commonwealth Games gold [UPDATE]Peaty 'much happier' as Brit seals Commonwealth Games gold medal [LATEST]Strictly’s Adam Peaty opens up about ‘incredibly hard time’ [INSIGHT] Ian commented: "Fantastic sportsman who’s not quite at the top of his game due to injury. No need to be disrespectful about the Commonwealth Games though, particularly whilst standing next to a gold medalist." Lisa penned: "Hmm, Adam Peaty came across as a bit disrespectful in his post-race interview. So the Commonwealth Games don’t actually matter? I wonder if he would be saying that if things were going his way?" However, other viewers were more sympathetic towards Adam, with Rich adding: "Having watched the interview back, I feel some sympathy for Adam Peaty. Sharron Davies kept poking him and at one point was almost putting words in his mouth. Not wanting to look pressurised, Adam gave a nonchalant reaction."  Dan O'Shea said: "I think people need to give the guy a break. Eyes on him constantly every time he enters a pool, the pressure and expectation to deliver even 10 weeks after a major injury, he’s only human. "I think he just wants to get his racing done and get out without the hassle!" (sic) The Commonwealth Games are running until Monday, August 8. The sports coverage is available to watch on BBC One, BBC Two and BBC iPlayer. 