Prince Charles has waited a long time to be King as his mother, Queen Elizabeth II, has been reigning for over 70 years. Mother and son have very different tastes, especially when it comes to food and drinks, the series revealed. Prince Charles' friend Count Tibor Kalnoky appeared on the Channel 4 series to share how the royal discovered his love for Transylvania, and the drink he would enjoy "every night" in the Eastern European country. He explained: "Prince Charles discovered this very unique corner of Europe and has been coming to this place every year." Prince Charles travelled to Transylvania, in Romania, years ago when he met Count Tibor who found the perfect house for the royal. He continued: "I showed him the place and he said it was everything he had been looking for. We spent some time renovating the whole thing." READ MORE: Tesco makes major change to checkout tills despite customer fury The future King bought a small country house in the idyllic Eastern European spot where he spent his time relaxing and enjoying the stunning scenery. He revealed Prince Charles always had the same drink when he stayed in his house in Viscri, Transylvania, "every night before dinner". "He likes a martini before dinner, that's for sure," he explained. In fact, it is believed Charles always makes sure his menu preferences are known beforehand every time he travels.  This includes bringing his own glass to drink a pre-mixed martini before dinner, whenever he is. The Queen, on the other hand, is not a fan of martini and prefers a gin and Dubonnet instead, former royal chef Darren McGrady revealed. Dubonnet is a very sweet, wine-based aperitif made of herbs and spices. The royal chef explained: "All I said was she likes a gin and Dubonnet. That's her favourite drink. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' "She doesn't wake up in the morning and have a large gin and tonic." He explained the monarch has a glass of her favourite German sweet wine "just in the evening". "She certainly doesn't drink four glasses a day." A few years ago, Prince Charles turned his 18-century house in Viscri, Transylvania, into a guest house and it is now a restored UNESCO World Heritage site where anyone can spend the night. Count Tibor explained: "Some people say it I like staying the night in a museum, other people say it is like travelling back in time." Transylvania is still Prince Charles' favourite destination and he keeps visiting the idyllic spot regularly. In fact, Transylvania is so special that Prince Charles considers it his second home. It is believed he loves the place because of its beauty, nature, captivating scenery and mystery.