On social media the airport's D team reported a “busy” night for officers.Challenges included a woman being arrested on suspicion of theft while a man was arrested on suspicion of being drunk on an aircraft.  They said: “D Team.A busy first night shift for us so far. “Arrest for theft - adult female. “Arrest for being drunk on an aircraft - adult male. “Plus a number of other incidents dealt with.”  Later on Gatwick police reported yet another arrest at the airport, taking the total number for Tuesday night up to three. They said: “D Team. And another arrest.“Adult male arrested for breaching a court order.” It comes just days after passengers on a Gatwick flight were forced to return to the Sussex airport two hours after take off due to a “fuel mishap”. READ MORE: Leafy UK town shaken as 'teenage boy stabbed to death' in street  The Rome bound flight spent two hours in holding patterns before being forced to return. Vueling flight VY6227 took off from Gatwick at around 9.32pm on Sunday evening and had been due to land at the Italian capital around 1am. However, the Airbus A320 was instead forced to divert course just a few minutes into the flight. It then entered a holding pattern over East Sussex passing over Burgess Hill, Lewes and Hailsham. DON'T MISS: ‘Ask the people’ Remainers in new demand for second Brexit referendum [REVEAL] Mum caught on camera glassing teacher from her child's school [INSIGHT] Furious Nobel Laureate lets rip at ‘emotional catastrophe’ of Brexit [SPOTLIGHT]  The aircraft then moved over the English Channel off the coast of Bognor Regis before returning to Gatwick two hours after take off. One Twitter user, Francesco Ricci, claimed the flight was overloaded with fuel and therefore was forced to return to the airport. He said: “After 5 minutes from the take off the pilot found out there was too much fuel on the plane so it couldn't [get] high (because of the weight) now they are back in Gatwick and removing the unnecessary fuel.” However another Twitter user Chiara Sotis said that the incident occurred because of a failure of the pressurisation system. She said: “This isn’t what happened. “There was a failure in the pressurisation system that the captain announced. “He then explained the plane was too full of fuel to land so it would stay at 6000ft where air is still breathable.” 