Celebrity MasterChef is back on BBC One tonight and Gregg Wallace and John Torode will be overseeing a new batch of famous faces. Rising to the challenge is Paul Chuckle, who is best known for starring alongside his brother Barry in ChuckleVision. But the star has plenty of other siblings and here's all you need to know. Jimmy Patton formed one half of The Patton Brothers, an English comedy double act, and he was one of the eldest siblings. Jimmy and his brother Brian began their career as a double act in the 1950s. Later on, he became known as Gene Patton and made appearances in ChuckleVision alongside Paul and Barry. After leaving school he appeared in a number of pantomimes before his brother Brian joined him. He died in July 2019, aged 87, but had a fruitful career working alongside the likes of Barbara Windsor, Ronnie Corbett and John Inman. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe Brian Elliott, 88, formed the second half of The Patton brothers and he grew up in Rotherham with Jimmy. He got his big break in 1956 when he starred alongside his brother in Aladdin, playing a policeman. Brian's catchphrase was "Get Out Of It!" which was used numerous times in ChuckleVision. He appeared alongside the rest of his brothers on the game show 3-2-1 in 1982 and viewers may also remember him from the talent show, New Faces. Sheila is the only sister in the family and she started her career as a dancer, taking after her mother. However, Paul spoke to comedian Richard Herring on his RHLSTP podcast about how Sheila gave it up as it was costing too much. He explained: "My sister went on to be a dancer but in those days they used to get £2 a week. "They had to pay digs and she did two years of it touring round, and the last week she ever did was in London and her digs were £2 and 10 shillings. But she was only getting £2 so she had to ring home for money to be sent down to pay for her digs. "She thought 'this is ridiculous, what am I doing with my life?' and she packed it in." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Vanessa Woodfield star announces exciting baby news [INSIGHT] How many episodes are in Shetland season 7? [EXPLAINER] Amy Mitchell EastEnders: Why has Amy been recast? [INSIGHT] Barry is known for his work on ChuckleVision but he also worked with an act called The Singing Scholars. Paul explained how Barry went straight into showbiz when he was 15, saying: "They toured Europe, they did all sorts of shows. "Freddie Starr was in the same act, he was absolutely mental." After ChuckleVision, Barry appeared on Celebrity Coach Trip and Celebrity MasterMind. He died in August 2018 after a period of ill health and Paul paid tribute to him on This Morning. He said: "He wanted to work until he died, he wanted to die on stage like Tommy Cooper. He just loved working." Colin was a motor mechanic, who never wanted to enter the world of showbiz like his brothers. Not much is known about Colin but he died a few years before his brother Barry.  Paul said he wanted to take part in Celebrity MasterChef because he finds cooking relaxing. He said: "It's a bit like doing a painting, you start with a blank canvas and end up with something that tastes really nice. So I jumped at the chance." Having his work judged by John and Gregg was like "going to see the school teacher with your homework".  Celebrity MasterChef starts tonight on BBC One at 8pm.