Barcelona president Joan Laporta has once again ruled that Frenkie de Jong is not for sale this summer, despite acknowledging that the club have received offers for the Dutchman. The former Ajax man has been one of the transfer sagas of the summer with Manchester United still yet to concede defeat in their attempts to land Erik ten Hag's former player. Yet so far, after 12 weeks of groundwork, United have failed to entice De Jong into a mega-money switch to Old Trafford - despite reportedly agreeing a fee with Barcelona. Chelsea have also begun discussion over a deal but Barcelona are remaining consistent in their response - De Jong is not for sale. Laporta said: “Frenkie’s our player and we want him to stay at Barcelona, he wants to stay too. “With him and his teammates, we have a very powerful midfield. He has offers, but we want him to stay at the club." READ MORE: Man Utd finally give in and identify 'serious alternative' to Frenkie de Jong transfer Barcelona need De Jong to agree to a salary cut in order to register some of their key signings including Raphinha, Robert Lewandowski and Jules Kounde. So far, De Jong is yet to approve a salary reduction but he is clear in his intentions - he wants to remain at Barcelona. However, should there be a late twist and the Catalan giants push him towards the exit door, Chelsea are believed to be his preferred destination of choice. Thomas Tuchel's side can offer Champions League football, something United cannot currently compete with. READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea 'open Frenkie de Jong transfer talks' with Barcelona after £72m Man Utd agreementMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag issues snappy response to Marko Arnautovic transfer question Furthermore, United's calamitous opening-day defeat to Brighton at Old Trafford has once again laid the club's struggles bare as they bid to close the gap on the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. The Red Devils are yet to move onto other targets though and Ten Hag remains quietly hopeful a late deal for De Jong can be struck. He has spoken to his former Ajax star on a number of occasions, particularly earlier this summer in a bid to persuade him to join his Old Trafford revolution. Xavi has been playing De Jong at centre-back during pre-season, a role he believes the Holland international can fulfil this term. Speaking after Barca's 2-0 friendly win over New York Red Bulls, Xavi refused to predict whether De Jong will be at the club come the end of the transfer window. "I don't know if he's [De Jong] going to stay here. There's still time and a lot of things can still happen," Xavi said. "At the moment he's part of the team, like everyone else. The fact that he played as a central defender in the other games was not a sign that he was leaving. I don't need to send signals on the pitch. I can speak directly with my footballers." De Jong wants to ensure he is playing regular football ahead of November's World Cup in Qatar and he remains determined to prove his worth at Barcelona.