Singer and actor Darius Campbell Danesh, who rocketed to fame on ITV talent shows Popstars and Pop Idol two decades ago, has died at the age of 41. The cause of death is not known, but his family said he was found in his US apartment. "It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Darius Campbell Danesh," they said in a statement. Darius had two brushes with death over the years. In 2010 he revealed to Hello! magazine that he was in a car crash which resulted in a broken neck. He was a passenger in a Porsche that hit a wall at 70mph after skidding on oil during a trip to Spain. At the time he said: “I'm so happy to be alive. I've definitely used up one of my nine lives.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle health: The Duchess on her hidden 'debilitating' illness - 'hospitalised' Five years later Darius slipped into a coma after contracting meningitis when he drank water from the Thames. The terrifying incident happened when he filmed a promo clip for his charity Fresh2O Water filter - which is said to remove 99.9 per cent of all known "water-borne pathogens, bacteria and viruses" - and drank water from a Thames sewage outlet. Speaking to the Sunday Post at the time, he said: "In order to raise funds to get the water filters to Africa, we did a demonstration video down at the Thames next to a sewage outlet. “The filters remove 99.99% of all known water-borne pathogens, bacteria and viruses. DON'T MISS:Popular herb shown to prevent heart disease [TIPS]Cancer: NHS to send out home testing kits for deadly cancer [LATEST]Non-alcoholic drink linked to retinal disease [INSIGHT]  “So I drank the water for the video and raised the funds but when I went to Glasgow to see my mum for her birthday I collapsed. "It turned out I had a cerebral oedema where your brain swells bigger than your skull. “My dad saved my life. He got me to hospital, they diagnosed it quickly. I had bacterial meningitis. “I had picked up an inflammatory virus from the Thames that had stayed in my system.  “It knocked my white blood cell count out for months and had left my immunity low so that I could have picked up anything going around. “I had been flying a lot and picked up bacterial meningitis which at that time was on the rise.” The incident happened in 2015 and his mother Avril Danesh - who was undergoing chemotherapy and radiotherapy for breast cancer at the time - stayed by his bedside. He said: "As I came out of the coma I remember my mum sitting beside the bed. “Yet she was sat next to me with tears in her eyes telling my brother that they almost lost me.” "Darius was found unresponsive in bed in his apartment room in Rochester, Minnesota, on August 11 and was pronounced dead in the afternoon by the local medical examiners’ office," his family said in a statement. "The local police department have confirmed that there were no signs of intent or suspicious circumstances. "The cause of his sudden death is unknown at this stage while medical examinations continue. We ask that you kindly respect our wishes for privacy at this time whilst we come to terms with the tragic loss of our son and brother.” 