During Thursday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, hosts Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt announced Kym Marsh will be competing in this year’s Strictly Come Dancing. During their conversation with the presenter, Naga told the star to "rest up" ahead of the new series. Appearing in the BBC dance show back in 2016, BBC presenter Naga gave the Kym a word of advice before she starts her training. After introducing the star to viewers, Naga said: “I tell you what, enjoy the break ahead of this because it is going to be hard work! “What have you been told in terms of how to prepare?”    Kym revealed she’s had a couple of friends star in the show and they all said what they learned whilst competing was “incredible”. She told the BBC host: “I’m nervous but I’m really looking forward to it.” Naga noted Kym’s Morning Live co-host Gethin Jones has been on Strictly before and asked if he’s given her any advice. The presenter admitted he’s asked her multiple times in the past if she would ever go on the show but hasn’t had a chance to speak about it.   It’s not just presenting the 46-year-old is known for as she starred in the ITV soap Coronation Street as Michelle Connor, for which she won Best Newcomer at both the National Television Awards and British Soap Awards. She’s also had a successful music career in the band Hear’Say and as a solo artist. Speaking about appearing on the 20th series of Strictly, she said: “I’ve considered doing Strictly for years but the timings never worked out. “I’m so delighted that this year they have! I’m a huge fan of the show and can’t believe I’m going to go from watching at home in my pyjamas to actually dancing in front of the judges in a glittery dress, it’s unreal!”   Sharing some more insider knowledge with Kym before she starts training, Naga asked: “Fitness is really important, so ever since you knew you were taking part have you been raising your fitness regime? “It’s stamina, I mean the training is pretty intense!” Kym admitted she’s looking forward to getting back into fitness following an injury last year. She said: “I have been upping my game a little bit over the last few weeks and I intend to take that a little bit further but I’m sure it’s going to get me super fit this whole experience.”  Earlier on, it was revealed fellow soap star Will Mellor would also be competing in this year’s series. Sadly, fans won’t be seeing professional dancers Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec as they revealed this year they were leaving the show. Although their absence will be replaced by four new professional dancers Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley and Michelle Tsiakka. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One in the autumn.   