If you love a gleaming, sparkling bathroom, you need to know how to remove limescale. These milky white deposits gather everywhere there’s water and can be stubborn to shift, especially if you have hard water. Best of all, you probably have everything you need to remove limescale in your home already. The acetic acid in vinegar is your best weapon, ensuring a limescale-free bathroom without the need for abrasive chemicals that can damage the finish on your bathroom fittings. Limescale, or calcium carbonate, leaves watermarks and chalky white deposits in your sink, shower or toilet after water evaporates. If you live in an area with hard water, you’re more likely to find limescale build-up in your bathroom or kitchen appliances. Limescale is not a hazardous substance, but it can look unsightly. It can also interfere with the performance of taps, pipes and shower heads, leading to blockages and reduced water pressure over time. The best and easiest way to clean a shower is to get into a good bathroom cleaning routine of giving it a quick wipe down after every use. READ MORE: Homemade window cleaning solution to remove ‘stubborn streaks’ However, many don't always have the time to do this daily, and it's very normal to see hard water stains and soap scum accumulate over time. Luckily an expert has shared how to tackle these common problems by providing a natural solution that is proven to scrub away the stains in your shower. To get a real insight into exactly how professional cleaners clean showers, a leading expert, Chris Wootton, managing director of domestic cleaning business, Poppies shared his top tips. Explaining how to clean a shower on a professional level Chris said: "Cleaning showers should be approached with care and it’s important to note what chemicals work when cleaning. “All-purpose bathroom cleaners should work well for all shower-related cleaning, including shower tiles, the shower head, and fittings – there’s no need to overspend. DON'T MISS: ‘Genuinely effective’ 65p method to deter foxes from gardens [EXPERT]‘Excellent homemade traps’ to get rid of ants and flies in your home [TIPS]Gardening laws you might be breaking without realising - fines £50,000 [INSIGHT] “Start by spraying all surfaces at the same time and then go back to where you started to focus on smaller areas when wiping them.” For those who have any limescale, Chris advised that it be cleaned with an “acidic solution” as it is alkaline. He said: “The best way to tackle limescale is with warm water and white vinegar solution, and you may need to use the rougher side of a non-scratch scouring pad and some elbow grease. “For the shower panes, the all-purpose cleaner should also work, but hard water stains can also be lifted and deodorised by using lemons. “To clean the drain, pour a quarter of a cup of bicarbonate of soda down the drain followed by a quarter pint of white vinegar. READ MORE: ‘Most effective way’ to clean your entire washing machine “Let the solution bubble for 10 minutes, then pour boiling hot water down the drain to shift the grease and any lingering debris." As with cleaning the toilet, a shower should be cleaned once a week. Cleaning experts often recommend giving all surfaces a daily wipe-down after every use to avoid any excess product build-up and use a squeegee brush on shower doors to remove watermarks. It's also good practice to give the shower tray a rinse after every use to ensure all product and hairs are washed away. Heather Nixon, sustainability manager at green cleaning company Bio-D, warned: “Bathrooms can cause breathing difficulties if mould is left to build up. “Spray your shower with a bathroom cleaner twice a week and wipe away any dirt to keep airborne dust or mould at bay.” Britons who want to reduce the time they have to spend cleaning their shower in the future, to make the weekly chore more achievable, store a shower spray or spray bottle with an equal mix of vinegar and water, or peroxide and water, in the shower. After each shower, spray, then wipe it down. This simple step can keep your shower gleaming on a daily basis.