 Boris Johnson has a matter of weeks left in No 10 as Prime Minister with the winner of the Conservative party leadership debate, and the new leader of the country, due to be announced on September 5. Mr Johnson’s time in office will be remembered by many for numerous reasons, parting ways with many Westminster traditions. One saw him become the first Prime Minister to live in No 10 with a girlfriend after the-then Carrie Symonds moved in with him.    Prior to this it is thought the now married couple — who wed in a secret ceremony at Westminster Cathedral — met in the run-up to the EU referendum, both sharing a passion for Brexit. In May 2015, it was reported that Mrs Johnson left her role as the Tory party’s head of broadcast and became a media special adviser or “spad” for Conservative MP and former culture secretary, John Whittingdale. Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Profile in 2021, Mr Whittingdale talked about how the pair had become good friends during this time, and said: “She knew a lot of the journalists.  “She was obviously very well qualified. But I knew pretty quickly that we would get on together."     He continued: “Yes [we became friends]. We would quite often have to go to events together or we would discuss work over a drink later. “Carrie was a great ABBA fan and she, I remember, went to the premier of the Mamma Mia movie — I think the second one. “And we were always going to the live performance restaurant that they were opening at the O2, sadly we never got there.” Although Mrs Johnson had previously campaigned on Boris’s 2010 mayoral campaign, Mr Whittingdale believed he "played a part" in their “first” real meeting in the run-up to the Brexit vote. Mr Whittingdale said Mrs Johnson took the plunge at this time by going against the Vote Remain campaign. He continued: “It was quite a brave decision of Carrie, as a Government-appointed advisor, to say that she was also going to campaign to leave.” Mr Whittingdale revealed that as Mr Johnson was the public face of the Brexit campaign it was likely the first time they had met.  READ MORE: Carrie and Boris caught in 'in flagrante' with 'door unlocked' in No10 When asked if he was responsible for introducing the couple, he said: “I would certainly say that I played a part. “I suspect that was probably the first time in which she encountered Boris.” One unnamed source told the program that after Vote Leave won Mrs Johnson  —  who is a huge ABBA fan  — did a “victory dance” to the hit song The Winner Takes It All.  She then worked as a special advisor to Sajid Javid while he was at the Department for Communities and Local Government under Theresa May. Mrs Johnson then became the party’s director of communications, a role she left in 2018 in order to work on the PR for a sea life protection project, Oceana. It emerged earlier this year that Carrie, 34, and Boris, 58, were found in a “compromising situation” with the “door unlocked” in 2018. DON'T MISS: Newsnight: Ex-Thatcher ally slams Bank of England over interest hikes [REPORT]Democrats project their hopes on Meghan to make a Presidential run [INSIGHT]Brexiteer dismisses UK-France task force after Macron ‘plotting’ [ANALYSIS]    According to the Independent, then-Northern Ireland minister Conor Burns – a close aide of the Prime Minister – stumbled upon the pair having a glass of wine and then deduced “where the relationship was heading”, but that “nothing remotely physical was happening”. In September of that year, Boris and his then-lawyer wife, Marina Wheeler, released a statement that they were divorcing. However, the couple said they had separated “several months” before. Ms Wheeler was then diagnosed with cervical cancer and in an interview with Good Housekeeping magazine last year, she said: “My four children and I already had tough stuff to handle. My 25-year marriage had become impossible, so I ended it, but the whole business was grim. “So why was I being doled out more? Of course, that’s not how cancer works. Nor does life.” Boris and Carrie’s relationship then became known to the media in 2019, the same year he became Prime Minister where he oversaw the Conservatives make a net gain of 48 seats in the 2019 general election, the highest percentage increase of the popular vote since 1979.   