Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes has issued a rallying cry ahead of tonight’s Premier League clash with Liverpool. The Portugal international has called on his team-mates to give fans reason to cheer when they lock horns with their fierce rivals at Old Trafford. And it comes after it emerged Erik ten Hag had ‘torn shreds’ off the Portugal international after their 4-0 defeat to Brentford last time out. It was claimed over the weekend that Ten Hag had fumed at Fernandes after United were blown away by Thomas Frank’s side at the Gtech Community Stadium last weekend. A source told The Sun: “After the Brentford game, Ten Hag tore strips off Bruno in particular. “Everyone thinks he’s letting Bruno, Maguire and Ronaldo know they are not guaranteed a starting spot, no matter what their status in the team is.” And Fernandes, speaking to club media, has now shown he’s willing to move past that incident by issuing a rallying cry. “I have been saying this to a lot of people, there’s no better game to bounce back than playing against probably the biggest rival that we have,” he said. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd “It's Monday night, at a full stadium with big support from our fans like always, so we have to be prepared. “We know we have to give something back to them, it was a tough season, [the] last one, and a tough beginning of this season but we have to bounce back, and this is the right time to do it and we have to do it [tonight].” When asked if matches against Liverpool were like ‘life or death’, he then added: "I play all the games like that, but we cannot forget these big games mean more for the fans than some of the other games. “For us, it’s another three points, nothing more than that but it’s a big game and because we play for them too, we have to give them that joy, to win these kinds of games, to go on Tuesday to work and be proud of their team. “To go out and say that ‘we are Manchester United fans and we are really proud of what they did yesterday’. It’s about that for them. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already “[We have to] enjoy the feeling of playing a game like this, enjoy playing at Old Trafford with a full stadium again, with the fans backing you and just do the best you can to give something back to them.” Fernandes also seemed to suggest he was ready to move on from his dressing down. He’s hailed Ten Hag for his methods, insisting that ‘discipline’ is important while calling on his fellow players to heed their manager’s words. “Discipline. Discipline is really important, and what he’s asked us to do, we have to do it,” he said. “[We have to] follow his principles, follow his rules and that is something that will give us points, give us results. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “Sooner or later I’m pretty sure we will get the points that we deserve if we are still confident and believe in the process that we have being true. “We know that everything is new, but we have to follow the process and understand that there will be a moment that this will turn around.” United will be hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened last season against Liverpool. Back in October, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was manager, they welcomed their fierce rivals to Old Trafford. But they were put to the sword by Jurgen Klopp’s side on a chastening afternoon, with Mohamed Salah netting a hat-trick in a memorable 5-0 win. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Then, back in April, United travelled to Anfield. They lost 4-0 at the home of their fierce rivals, putting in yet another shambolic display that showed precious little fight. United did beat Liverpool when they met in the FA Cup the previous season, however, and they’ll be hoping for a similar result when they step out onto the field tonight. Fernandes could find himself on the bench, however. There have been murmurings he’ll be dropped for the match, with Scott McTominay, Fred and Christian Eriksen potentially picked from the beginning instead. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here