Dan Walker has taken to Twitter to congratulate his former BBC Breakfast colleague Carol Kirkwood on her huge achievement. The Channel 5 newsreader, 45, was quick to celebrate the weather presenter reaching a huge milestone when it came to her career outside of the BBC. In view of her 237,000 followers, Carol expressed her surprise at her new novel The Hotel on the Riviera reaching a bestselling list. The BBC weather presenter wrote: "So incredibly chuffed! Did not expect this. "THANK YOU xxx," she added alongside a heart. It comes as the Editorial Director at Harper Collins congratulated the weather presenter on reaching a milestone. READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, joined by seven of his children in rare snap @katebradleySW6 wrote: "Huge congrats to the amazing @carolkirkwood for reaching #5 on @thesundaytimes_ bestseller list with #TheHotelontheRiviera woohoo!!" Carol's former BBC Breakfast colleague Dan was among the first to congratulate the author. He commented: "Lovely stuff Carol." The star's fans also took to the comments and congratulate her on her achievement. Twitter user @cm_bagot wrote: "@carolkirkwood very pleased for you x." @nhutson358 added: "Congratulations! I’m sure it won’t peak there. Higher and higher in weeks 3, 4 and 5." @GillyRivers commented: "Well done Carol, you must be really chuffed." While @TCRapley penned: "Next on my list! Thanks for the lovely summer weather here in UK to read in sunshine!" DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton bids farewell to F1 fans: 'Going to miss this energy' [INSIGHT]Strictly’s Adam Peaty opens up about ‘incredibly hard time’ [ANALYSIS]Gemma Atkinson banned from welcoming new addition by fiancé Gorka [UPDATE] It comes a month after Carol and Dan were urged to "get a room" by social media users following a brief Twitter exchange. Carol's initial post saw her sharing photos of flowers outside the Tower of London. She wrote this morning: “Good morning from @TowerOfLondon “We are here this morning to show you the fabulous Superbloom in honour of her Majesty the Queen‘s Platinum Jubilee @BBCBreakfast xxx.” Dan then jumped on to the post to share their admiration for his former colleague, writing: "Gorgeous.” Carol wrote back playfully: “You are not too shabby yourself honey!” @Bobgoro tagged Carol and replied: “Off to the Tower for MD Walker for making suggestive remarks.” And @paulfair said: “Get a room!”