EastEnders spoilers reveal Billy (played by Perry Fenwick) will decide to try his luck and see if Honey (Emma Barton) is interested in getting back together with him in next week's episodes. However the BBC soap favourite leaves it too late and when someone else swoops in, he is left gutted. Disappointed by this latest rejection, Billy might decide it's time to ay goodbye to Walford and make a ew start elsewhere, but how will Honey take the news if Billy makes an exit? In upcoming scenes, Mr Lister (Nicholas Wilton) inspects the market, and he overhears Ash Kaur (Gurlaine Kaur Garcha) and Honey having a conversation about being single. The inspector asks Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) for a mini makeover, secretly wanting to impress Honey. Sonia (Natalie Cassidy) and Honey also get their hair done and Honey ends up taking on a challenge – she has to say yes to everything. Later, Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) spots an awkward exchange between Honey and Billy and tells him to take her for a drink. READ MORE: Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation Before Billy gets a chance to though, Mr Lister approaches Honey and invites her to lunch. Sticking to her challenge, Honey agrees as Billy watches on in shock. Seeing Billy upset about Honey and Mr Lister’s "date", Sonia confessed to Billy about Honey’s challenge. When Billy explains he wants to get back together with Honey, she encourages him to interrupt and ask her out. Unfrtunately for Billy, Finlay Baker (Ashley Byam) gets there first. Seeing Honey’s pain, he swoops in and pretends to be her boyfriend, leaving Billy mortified. Feeling humiliated and giving up on Honey, Billy might decide it's time to move on. Billy was disgusted when Honey and Jay, who was like a son to him, first got together. Last year, he punched Jay as they had words in the Square once Billy had found out about the relationship. "Never one to waste an opportunity were you, Jay?" He snapped. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun viewers blast repeat episode 'Seen this' [REACTION]Aiden Turner details fears of filming ITV series [EXCLUSIVE]A Place in the Sun's Craig Rowe recalls difficult application [INTERVIEW] "While the rest of us were struggling through lockdown, you were making moves on my wife!" "Ex wife," Jay corrected him. "And I've told you, it wasn't like that." "And that makes it does it?" Billy yelled. "He's had my granddaughter, he's had my wife, sorry - ex wife. "I better lock up Janet next, especially with your record." Jay replied: "You're out of order," before Billy turned around and punched him to the floor. He screamed: "No you're out of order, and you're dead to me." Billy has since begrudgingly accepted Jay as part of Honey and their children's lives though. However, it's clear he was delighted to hear that Honey and Jay had split. Now that his chance has come, Billy isn't planning on wasting much time in deciding to bite the bullet and see if Honey wants to reunite. Sadly he is beaten to it, and likely feeling unable to compete with Finlay, Billy is bound to give up. After repeated bad luck in his love life and in Walford, Billy might make the shock announcement that he's leaving. A staple part of the soap for almost 25 years, Billy's exit would be a big deal. However, it seems it may be time for the market stall holder to lay down roots elsewhere. With his children still in Walford, BIlly will probably continue to be mentioned, but after being sure Honey would get back together, it will probably be too hard for him to sit and watch Honey once again moving on with someone else. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.