Prince Harry and Meghan Markle chose to step back from their roles as senior working royals two years ago, and have since relocated to the US to raise their two children and pursue other projects. A royal expert has claimed Meghan needs to “realign her image” and stop trying to “play the royal card”. Royal biographer Tom Bower, who recently published his book Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were “burning out their royal status pretty fast now”, and would eventually have to “give that up” due to overuse. READ MORE: Meghan told to 'realign image' after 'using royal card all the time' Mr Bower told Palace Confidential host Jo Elvin: “It’s not only a problem for Harry but it is also for Meghan because when she phoned up the two senators to campaign for women’s maternity pay, she said ‘Hello, this is Meghan the Duchess of Sussex’. “I mean, she plays the royal card the whole time so I don’t think that will play well during an election for Congress or even the Senate. “So, I think they have to realign their image. I think in any case they are burning out their royal status pretty fast now. “I think in the end they will have to give that up because it won’t wash.” Mr Bower is referring to an event whereby Meghan sought to campaign for paid family leave, and called on Republican senators to aid her cause. In a poll that ran from 9am on Wednesday, August 3, to 2pm on Monday, August 8, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Harry and Meghan stop using royal status?” In total, a whopping 18,422 readers responded with the overwhelming majority, 97 percent (17,864 people) answering “yes”, Harry and Meghan should stop using their royal status. A further three percent (507 people) said “no” they should not, while just 51 people said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Harry and Meghan’s status. The resounding response in the comments was that readers thought Harry and Meghan should renounce their titles and status. One reader, username Lesi wrote: “They should have stopped using them long ago.” Username Marty650USA said: “Everything from the Royal Family should be completely cut off to Harry and Meghan Markle. Username JanetWCQ1958 said: “Yes of course they should give up their royal titles. “Harry should renounce all his royal titles and his peerage for himself and his descendants.” Another, username ncyankee said: “They should not pretend to be something that they left of their own accord!” While username Peace266 said: “Don't let them use the title for their fame, status and richness.” DON'T MISS: Mr Bower claimed that Harry and Meghan are both exploiting their royal status to stay on the public radar. When asked if they could create a self-standing celebrity brand, he said: “They can only do so by being sensational and by doing something.” He continued: “They are constantly searching for new things to do. But it always comes back to the royals. “Whether it is flying back for the Jubilee so they might be photographed with the Queen – that went wrong. “Or, alternatively, it is dumping on the Royal Family in Harry's forthcoming book. But eventually, it is going to be a damp squib.” 