 Thousands of drivers have already used fuel-saving methods to cut down on their petrol and diesel bills and increase their efficiency. Current RAC Fuel Watch data shows that drivers will be paying 182.69p per litre for petrol and 192.38p for diesel.  With prices still high, drivers are being advised to take notice of some simple tips to boost their fuel economy. Firstly, the vehicle needs to be in optimal condition. Cars are usually in their best condition after being serviced or an annual MOT test. Some steps can be done at home which can save drivers money on further car issues and on petrol and diesel. READ MORE: August driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules  Tyre pressures are still often neglected, and these can have a significant impact on efficiency. Motorists should check their handbook and consider using the quoted higher pressures for long motorway trips or when carrying heavy loads. Lee Puffett, Managing Director of Start Rescue, urged drivers to be aware of their own driving style and what they can do to limit their use. He said: "The crippling fuel prices are hitting motorists hard, at a time when other fuel prices are rising too. DON'T MISSDrivers warned against fuel-saving trick - huge fines and repairs [WARNING]Driver hit with parking note from angry neighbour after blocking road [SHOCKING]'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack [INSIGHT]  "Remember that every press of the accelerator pedal impacts your wallet. "Treat the throttle as a money gauge and the gentler you are, the more you will save. "Finally, be careful - safety takes priority over everything else." Both Start Rescue and PetrolPrices said: "It is important to anticipate and drive defensively".  This involves leaving more space between the car they are driving and the car in front. By doing this, they can coast to slow down if needed, rather than using the brakes which can waste energy. This has also been described as a more relaxing way to travel. Drivers should do this sensibly, however, ensuring that they slow down early for roundabouts and junctions, and not leaving braking until the last second.  Using the correct gear for the road conditions is recommended, with cruising and coasting in top gear possible. Drivers should try to maintain momentum by being gentle on the throttle, and by avoiding rapid acceleration and sharp braking. Researching the local filling stations can also be a big help to motorists as they will be able to travel straight to their cheapest option and not settle for more expensive options. Andrew Watson, Managing Director of PetrolPrices, said: “The number of people taking advantage of the PetrolPrices app has rocketed. "We are now seeing an average of at least 100,000 users daily and, on our best day, more than 230,000 people used the app. "Motorists can easily download the PetrolPrices app where they can compare prices on their route before setting off, ensuring they pay the lowest price for their fuel.” Six months ago, the PetrolPrices platform had an average user base of just 17,500 per day. In recent weeks, the app has seen exponential growth, particularly at the beginning of June when prices were rising rapidly.