The Bank of England yesterday announced it would hike its base rate to 1.75 percent, the largest hike in 27 years, but that was not the only announcement it made. The central bank predicts Consumer Prices Index (CPI) inflation could rise from 9.4 percent in June, to a staggering 13 percent towards the end of the year. Inflation is predicted to remain at high, “very elevated”, levels for at least a year, while the Bank works on returning it to the target of two percent. But as the triple lock makes its return from next year onwards, there could be a series of peaks and troughs on the way for retirees. An expert has warned Britons to brace as the economic “rollercoaster” ride commences. Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, remarked: “Under the triple lock, state pensioners receive an increase each April based on the highest of inflation in the year to the previous September, earnings growth to the previous July or 2.5 percent. “So the first big question is just how high will inflation be for the year to September?” If inflation were to reach 13 percent by September, there could be a “bumper increase” on the way for pensioners. A 13 percent rise would see the full new state pension increase from £185.15 per week to £209.20 per week next April. Not everyone will get the full state pension, and some may get less than this if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. DON'T MISSInterest rates rise to 1.75% as pensioners reckon with large hike [INSIGHT]Woman secures £4,810 a year by following Martin Lewis tip [LATEST]NatWest issues warning on disconcerting scam call [WARNING] Some may fall short of the sum for other reasons, for example, if they do not have the full number of National Insurance contributions or credits needed. However, while short term increases are all but guaranteed if inflation rises, there may be future uncertainty. Mr Cameron continued: “The longer term question is whether in these unprecedented times, with inflation on a rollercoaster ride, does it make sense to base state pension increases on a year by year calculation. “Using fixed dates, well ahead of the actual April increases, adds further to unpredictability and can lead to inequalities between those of working age whose earnings may be increasing at a very different rate from state pension increases, but whose NI contributions pay for state pensions.” READ MORE: Rishi Sunak suggests he would slash inheritance tax rate as Prime Minister Consequently, Mr Cameron has questioned the viability of the current state pension system going forward. He has suggested changes could make the system work more effectively given economic instability and uncertainty. He added: “Moving to a formula which averages these indicators out over say a three year period would still protect pensioners. “But it would average out the peaks and troughs, and arguably create a fairer and more predictable outcome for all concerned.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The current candidates for Prime Minister already appear to have their plans set out for what will happen to the triple lock going forward. Before resigning as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak committed to reinstating the triple lock in April 2023 in what was welcome news for pensioners. Reports have also suggested Liz Truss has pledged to reinstate the triple lock if she were to become Prime Minister. The leadership candidates appeared in Herefordshire to speak to local audiences. When asked about pension payments, Ms Truss replied: “I assure you, I am absolutely committed to the triple lock.”