With the summer holidays in full swing, many motorists are enjoying days out and staycations with their families. And with the car remaining the favourite mode of transport, experts at Car Lease Special Offers warned drivers that failing to make sure children wear a seatbelt can be very costly. According to the Highway Code, seat belt offences can result in a £500 fine. Those over the age of 14 are responsible for making sure they are wearing their own seat belt for any car journey, with only one person allowed in each seat fitted with a seat belt. The offences also extend to children, with seat belt laws requiring any child in the vehicle to be in the correct car seat for their weight and height. Drivers can be fined up to £500 if a child under the age of 14 isn’t wearing a seat belt or is not in the appropriate car seat. READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin A car seat should usually be used until a child is 12 years old, or 135cm tall. Children under 12 or 13 but over 135cm must be wearing a seat belt. The news comes after drivers were warned about massive £5,000 fines for wearing sunglasses this summer. This is if they prevent motorists from using the controls in the correct manner. DON'T MISS Relief for UK drivers as petrol prices drop below 175p a litre [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of huge £5,000 fines for wearing flip flops in heatwave [WARNING] Major warning for drivers using air conditioning to reduce fuel use [REVEAL] Driving experts say that while sunglasses are an essential eye protection accessory, some styles can restrict vision while driving. For instance, some lenses might be tinted too dark and restrict daylight vision on the road. Additionally, bulky frames can cause a blind spot, so drivers have been advised to test them out first or stick to using just the built-in car sun visors. Currently, a driver who is found wearing inappropriate clothing that could restrict manoeuvring can face on-the-spot fines of £100 plus three penalty points. READ MORE: Woman savages 'pathetic' neighbours over car parking tactics However, these fines can increase to £5,000 plus nine penalty points and even a driving ban if the case is taken to court. According to Rule 97 of the Highway Code, “the clothing and footwear you choose to wear whilst you are driving must not prevent you from using the controls in the correct manner.” Unfortunately for drivers, in some instances, they could also be fined for not wearing sunglasses. Andrew Jervis from ClickMechanic said: "Many of us will welcome a few days of sun, but it could spell disaster for unprepared motorists. "We all have a responsibility to drive with care and attention, and we need to be on alert for anything that can affect our ability to do that. "Sun glare is often tricky to drive with as it can affect how we perceive the road conditions, while an unexpected short burst of light from behind a cloud can really harm our ability to see. "It can be worse when the roads are wet after a rainy spell, with sunlight reflecting off puddles and into our eyes. "It’s important to be on guard for the adverse effects of sun glare while driving, whether this is through wearing sunglasses, removing any shiny objects from the dashboard or lowering the sun visors.”