Queen Elizabeth II and Princess Anne attended the Derby Races on June 1, 1988, looking more like twins than mother and daughter. The pair were 62 years old and 37 years old at the time. The mother-daughter royal duo stunned in matching buttercup yellow ensembles as they turned up to the racing event. The look comprised a yellow coat dress and beret. As is typical of the Queen, she wore a brightly coloured outfit that meant she could be spotted from far and wide. In the documentary The Queen at 90, Sophie Wessex explained why HRH makes such bold outfit choices. READ MORE: Meghan Markle divides royal fans with daring style move - pictures She said: "She needs to stand out for people to be able to say 'I saw the Queen.' "Don't forget that when she turns up somewhere, the crowds are two, three, four, ten, 15 deep, and someone wants to be able to say they saw a bit of the Queen's hat as she went past." And while Princess Anne is more understated with her fashion nowadays, on this occasion she followed suit and opted for a bold look just like her mother. The resemblance between the pair was completely uncanny, from the colour of the clothes to the style - and even their gestures as they watched the sporting event. The royal duo also went for similar options when it came to accessorises, however, they made a few individual tweaks. Her Majesty wore a butter yellow beret - perfectly matching her coat dress - adorned with some white ribbon. Her Majesty wore her pearl and diamond cluster brooch with a large, pearl pendant. This has become a favourite of the Queen since inheriting it in 1953 from Queen Mary. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'follows Kate's lead' but 'always likes to sex it up She complemented this with a huge pair of pearl earrings and her signature three-strand pearl necklace that she is rarely spotted without even today. The Queen opted for an elegant pair of plain white gloves and a chic black patent handbag. She wore a simple pair of black ballet flats. As for hair and makeup, she looked stylish with her curls pinned under her hat, and minimal makeup aside from a swipe of pink lipstick. The Queen's daughter looked equally stunning, injecting a youthful pop of colour here and there. While her hat was much the same as her mother's in colour and style, it was quite a bit larger. It also boasted a yellow and orange bow at the back. Princess Anne also appeared to be wearing some sort of colourful scarf or headband underneath her hat, with a little bit of pink and yellow material peeking out. While the Queen's coat dress was fastened shut, royal fans got a glimpse of what the Princess Royal was wearing underneath - a yellow and orange dress. Like her mum, Anne opted for classy pearl earrings, but paired this instead with a white choker. Under an Instagram post dedicated to royal fashion matches, @lurve.emy called these a "funny moment". @kate.my.duchess added: "This always cracks me up. Out of a million dresses in the world."