On Monday, a video showing Antony walking into Manchester United’s Carrington training complex was leaked online. The Brazil international is moving to Old Trafford in a huge £84million deal after a fee was agreed with Ajax over the weekend. But that such footage has been published online, prior to any official announcement, suggests there are still problems with stories emerging at the club… Manchester United have finally agreed a deal to sign Antony, with the 22-year-old set to become the club’s second most-expensive signing of all time. Though the Brazil international is expensive, Ten Hag thinks he’s worth the investment - having spent the last two years managing him at Ajax. United think the sky is the limit for Antony, who has drawn comparisons with Neymar due to his skill, trickery and eye for goal. In their eyes, he’s an £84m bargain. On Monday, a video showed the Samba star walking into Carrington for the very first time. It shows the winger looking relaxed, looking around and greeting staff members as he made his way into the building. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers But while the footage was enjoyable for fans to see, it also suggests United still have a problem when it comes to leaks. Last season, players decided to down tools as they toiled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, while missing out on a place in this season’s Champions League. So United, this summer, decided to get rid of the deadwood. Richard Arnold would later tell players a mole in the camp had been identified, and that they were now a figure of the past. But, still, the same old issues are arising. Information will always leak out, as it normally does. But, at United, it’s a matter that has become increasingly ridiculous as time goes on. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him It mainly dates back to when Jose Mourinho was in charge, with players happy for information about the Portuguese to make it’s way out. They told the media of their unhappiness with his methods and tactics, his brutal treatment of Luke Shaw and how players were very much team Paul Pogba amid their ongoing feud. As Solskjaer’s reign came to an end, it emerged individuals within the squad didn’t feel the Norwegian’s tactical acumen was good enough to succeed at the highest level. It also transpired that they didn’t believe Michael Carrick and Kieran McKenna were good enough to assist Solskjaer, either. Soon enough, all three were gone. Under Rangnick, things worsened. The world were informed that the German wasn’t a popular figure at United, that they believed he was out of his depth and one member of the squad even had to Google who he was. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. All this happened, of course, while United toiled on the pitch and ended up finishing sixth in the table. A fortunate position, given their dire displays. Ten Hag has made it clear he won’t tolerate leaks under his stewardship, urging players to converse with him instead so they can get to the bottom of the matter. But the video of Antony is the second leak in as many days. Roughly two hours before the club’s 1-0 win over Southampton, their team to face off against the Saints went around the airwaves. Cristiano Ronaldo dropped again, Harry Maguire benched again and Lisandro Martinez and Marcus Rashford stuck with. All talking points, all topics of discussion. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team It is, certainly, the last thing Ten Hag needs. The video of Antony is harmless enough but it suggests there’s a cultural issue at United. This shouldn’t happen at big clubs and the individual who recorded the clip wouldn’t dare of done this when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. If they had, Ferguson would likely have been out for blood. Antony will be announced and unveiled by United shortly but, already, his arrival brings controversy before the tenacious and talented forward has even kicked a ball. United must stop the leaks or risk becoming even more of a laughing stock than ever before. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here