Jane McDonald, 59, was born and raised in Wakefield, spending much of her early career performing in local clubs and pubs before landing work as a singer on cruise ships. She became known to the public in 1998 following her appearance on the BBC show The Cruise. The singer and presenter still lives in her hometown of Wakefield and proudly told the Sunday Mirror that she “wouldn’t think of living anywhere else”. She added: “My family are all up here - it’s home. I love where I live.” Wakefield is a cathedral city on the River Calder in West Yorkshire, England. According to Rightmove, properties in Wakefield had an overall price of £208,298 over the last year. READ MORE: Leave windows ‘streak-free & shining’ with simple cleaning solution The majority of the sales in Wakefield during the last year were semi-detached properties, selling for an average of £197,575. Terraced homes sold for an average of £164,848, while detached properties fetched £320,455. Overall, sold prices in Wakefield over the last year were two percent down on the previous year and eight percent up on the 2019 peak of £193,750. The city is most famous for its coal mining heritage and cathedral. It is also home to the largest high security prison in Western Europe. DON'T MISS:Four ways to minimise water usage in the garden [COMMENT]Six laws you could be breaking in your garden without knowing [EXPLAINER]‘Avoid’ using tap water with ‘sensitive’ peace lilies [EXPERT] There are also lots of country parks in the area including Yorkshire Sculpture Park which has gorgeous scenery. The town’s proximity to other major cities also makes it an attractive commuter base. There is also a busy town centre with lots of shops and restaurants for residents and visitors. From one presenter to another, Ruth Langsford, known for her role on This Morning along with husband Eamonn lives in a quiet Surrey town. READ MORE: How to remove ‘toughest’ clothing stains including nail polish The duo have been a couple since 1996 and married since 2010, living in Wraysbury with their son. The town is situated around 17 miles southwest of central London, perfect for commuters. It offers a great mix of town living and beautiful countryside. Properties in Weybridge had an overall price of £1,006,694 over the last year, according to Rightmove. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The majority of sales in Weybridge during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £413,326. Weybridge is also home to one of the most exclusive gated estates in the country, St George’s Hall. From music legends to sporting royalty, St George’s Hall has been home to several famous faces over the years. This includes Tom Jones, Elton John, Jenson Button and Sue Baker. The most famous house is Kenwood, which belonged to Beatles singer John Lennon.