The Duchess of Cambridge was pictured disembarking a commercial flight yesterday, August 21, with two of her children, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. It is believed Prince William and Prince George travelled to Scotland separately.  It is a tradition for members of the Royal Family to spend some of their summer in the Scottish Highlands, home to Her Majesty’s Balmoral estate. Queen Victoria acquired the castle and its grounds when she was on the throne, and it has stayed in the family since. The estate spans around 50,000 acres and is surrounded by stunning mountains, rivers, lochs, and gardens. It is no surprise then that the royals enjoy spending their holidays there, and some have described it as “the most beautiful place on earth”. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Princess Eugenie previously revealed: “Walks, picnics, dogs – a lot of dogs, there’s always dogs – and people coming in and out all the time. “It’s a lovely base for granny and grandpa, for us to come and see them up there – where you just have room to breathe and run.” Located in Aberdeenshire just outside the village of Craithe, the Queen spent a lot of time in Balmoral Castle with her late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, when he was alive. They both enjoyed hiking and hunting, with Her Majesty usually partaking in horse riding too. DON'T MISS:‘Stains will vanish!’ How to remove curry stains from white clothes [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ 5p laundry detergent substitute to wash your clothes well [ANALYSIS]How to keep bath towels ‘soft and fresh’ for longer [REVEAL] The castle is designed in the Scottish Baronial style and was built using locally sourced granite. But what does it look like inside? There have been few occasions where the public have seen the interior of Balmoral Castle, thanks to the photographers that were allowed to enter to cover significant events. One of these occasions was in 2017, when Her Majesty met with Canadian Governor General Designate Julie Payette. It seemed the Queen and Ms Payette were in a drawing room or library. It featured a fire place with a marble mantelpiece, on which stood a few ornaments, including a gold-faced clock. There were two green armchairs in the centre of the room, as well as a TV, a small wooden desk and red chair, a lamp, and a chest of wooden drawers. Green carpet covered the floor and rows of bookshelves lined the walls. In another photo, the Queen met with General Sir Peter Cosgrove ad Lady Cosgrove of Australia in a different, green-floored room. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The carpet was similar as in the drawing room, but this time there were green sofas too, as well as a green-topped coffee table and a patterned armchair. There were huge, gold-framed paintings on the wall and flowers on either side of the mantelpiece. The flowers, bunched together in vases, seemed to include thistles – the national flower of Scotland. On top of the mantelpiece there was another clock, but bigger and more ornate than the one in the first drawing room. Two large candelabras also stood on either side of it.