Due to the high temperatures and amid fears of drought, the use of a hosepipe or sprinkler will be banned from this Friday, August 12. The ban will affect people in Kent and Sussex serviced by South East Water. Outlining the exemptions, South East Water says on its website that Brits may use a hosepipe to water their garden if that is for “an area of grass or outdoor artificial surfaces used for sport or recreation (on the active strip/ playing area – not the whole grounds)”. In that case, however, it is a requirement that the use of hosepipe will be undertaken outside of daily peak hours that occur 8am to 10am and 5pm to 9pm. Using a hosepipe is also allowed if there is a “drip or trickle irrigation watering system, fitted with a pressure reducing valve and a timer, that is not handheld, and places water drip by drip directly onto the soil surface or beneath the soil surface, without any surface run off or dispersion of water through the air using a jet or mist; a fixed watering system; use of watering cans and not hoses”. Finally, use of a hosepipe will be allowed if it is for watering of new lawns for the first 28 days after being laid. Again, in that case, watering can only be undertaken outside of daily peak hours that occur from 8am to 10am and 5pm to 9pm. READ MORE: Is there a hosepipe ban in my area? The water company warned that, if asked, people must be able to provide evidence of the date of completion of works for their new lawn. More exemptions from the hosepipe ban are in place too, that refer to other activities requiring a hosepipe such as cleaning a motor-vehicle or a private boat, filling a swimming pool, domestic pond or water fountain, or cleaning a patio. South East Water says: “Customers do not need to apply for an exemption. However, we may question your use of an exemption if we receive reports of hosepipe usage.” Notably, filling a hot tub is also an activity exempt from the ban, with the company saying: “Although exempt we would ask if you can wait until cooler weather and demand for water reduces for any water use that isn’t really necessary, that would really help.” DON'T MISS: Smart meter: Expert reveals 'much bigger role' they playEnergy bills warning as Brits could be forced onto 'prepayment' metersUK in shock electricity import at over 5,000 times typical price Commenting on the hosepipe ban rules, Christine Colvin, of the conservation charity Rivers Trust, said the rules are “crazy”. She told the Telegraph: “You can understand people wanting to nurture their gardens, growing food in their gardens, wanting to keep things alive. That doesn’t apply to a hot tub. That just seems crazy. “I guess that clarity will come with time. It doesn’t help that we don’t have it at the moment. “I think the water companies, because they know they don’t have the confidence of the public because there’s been such an outcry about their pollution ... are possibly overcomplicating the situation by trying to give too many exemptions and going softly, softly into this ban without treading on people’s toes.” 