This extra help is available for Britons living in council tax bands A to D. The Government has said that this help is available to 80 percent of households in the UK. Councils across the UK have until September 30 to dish out the cash to eligible households. However those in higher bands who may have missed out on the help may still be able to get help. Individuals living in homes between council tax bands E to H could get a top up from the Discretionary Fund. The Government announced a separate £144million fund which local councils can dish out to vulnerable and low income households. There is no timeline for when discretionary fund payments should start but the guidance that has been given to councils stated that they will need to spend the money by November 30, 2022 or return it to Central Government. How much someone can get depends on where they live. If someone thinks they might be eligible, it's worth contacting the local council for more details. Britons can use the Government's locator tool if they are unsure what authority they fall under. The Treasury has previously said the fund will be available to support vulnerable people and those on lower incomes who don't pay council tax as well as those living in homes banded E to H. For example, in Camden individuals can get between £50 and £150 if they’re not eligible for the main scheme but are struggling with energy bills. This includes if they are in bands E to H for council tax and get a council tax discount through separate schemes. Or if they live with several other people and can show they are responsible for energy bills. People can apply now and see if they’re eligible if Camden is their local council. Meanwhile Wyre Forest council residents in E to H bands and in receipt of council tax support will also get up to £150. Some residents in all bands from A to H will get an extra £35 "top up" payment if they get the maximum reduction on their council tax bill. Payments are being issued automatically in these circumstances. Pensioners could be eligible for a council tax reduction. If someone receives the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit, they could even be in line for a 100 percent discount. If not, people could still get help if they have a low income and less than £16,000 in savings. And a pensioner who lives alone will be entitled to a 25 percent discount too.