Prince Harry and Prince William are the two sons of the late, Diana, Princess of Wales. According to the BBC's former royal correspondent Jennie Bond, Prince Harry is "very much the Spencer" out of the two princes. Speaking on GB News, Ms Bond discussed the two brothers and likened Harry's "fiery" and "complex" nature to that of his late mother. Ms Bond said: "I think Harry is very much the Spencer of the two of them. "William is the Windsor." She added: "Harry is fiery, he is impetuous, he is vulnerable, he is fragile, very much in the way Diana was." Speaking of Diana's younger son, she continued: "He's complex in the way that Diana [was]." READ MORE: Prince Harry and William 'draw a line' and will NOT come together to mark Diana's death The former royal correspondent added: "Diana was a very complex woman, absolutely likeable, lovable but difficult. "He's [Harry] forging his own way in much the same way as his mother did." Harry and William's once-close relationship has been under strain for many years, but particularly since Harry and Meghan Markle's explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. READ MORE: ‘Very different woman’ Kate Middleton is not trying to emulate Princess Diana, says expert Speaking to Palace Confidential's host Jo Elvin earlier this year, royal correspondent Victoria Murphy said that there is "a lot of damage done" in the brothers relationship and that any chance of a reunion would "take a lot of time". Royal author Tina Brown previously spoke about William and Harry's "tense" relationship to 60 Minutes Australia. Ms Brown claimed, at the time, that there was "very little communication" and that the "wounds of the Oprah [Winfrey] interview were deep". DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan 'did not want to listen' to husband [LIVE] Meghan Markle teases next podcast guest [REVEAL] 'It's utter drivel' Meghan Markle's new podcast branded 'tone deaf' [REPORT] Prince William was 15-years old at the time of Diana's death in 1997, Harry was just 12. August 31, 2022 marks 25 years since the Princess of Wales died in a car crash in Paris. READ NEXT: