House of the Dragon is set 200 years before the destruction of the Iron Throne with a completely fresh set of characters taking centre-stage. The HBO show follows the struggles within the Targaryen dynasty which ultimately sew the seeds of the deadly civil war known as The Dance of Dragons, which nearly ripped the Seven Kingdoms apart. One other new character is Mysaria (played by Sonoya Mizuno), who was Prince Daemon Targaryen's (Matt Smith) paramour with the pair having an intimate moment in a brothel. Mysaria was comforting her lover Daemon after it appeared his brother King Viserys (Paddy Considine) had cut him out of the line of succession. She also left Westeros with Daemon after he was exiled by Viserys for making jokes about his infant rival Baleon Targaryen, who died only an hour after being born. Daemon had been drinking with his allies in another brothel on the Street of Silk in Flea Bottom and described the deceased babe as “heir for a day”. READ MORE: Aegon’s dream explained: What is The Song of Ice and Fire dream? Viserys was furious when he heard the reports and named his young daughter Rhaenyra Targaryen (Milly Alcock) as his new heir. Daemon left Westeros on the back of a dragon with Mysaria accompanying him - despite her brief appearance, she seemed to have an important role to play in the overall story. Mysaria comes across as a combination of Melisandre (Carice van Houten) and Varys (Conleth Hill). The World of Ice and Fire - the Game of Thrones companion book by George R.R. Martin - sheds further light on the character.  The book states: "It was in the brothels of of the city that he found a favourite, a paramour - a very pale Lysene dancer named Mysaria, whose looks and reputation led the prostitutes who knew her to call her Misery, the White Worm. Later, she became Daemon's mistress of whisperers." From this description, it's clear she has a hold on Daemon and seeks to push him towards the Iron Throne perhaps for her own ends as well as satisfying his lust for power. Speaking about Mysaria, Mizuno said in a recent interview: “My character veers quite far away from the character in the book. “That is both liberating and a challenge for me and the director. Liberating in the sense that we had more free rein, but also it still had to have a kind of framework.”  She went on to tell WWD: “She’s a self-made woman who is also making a lot of mistakes in the first season. It felt like she was going on a journey of understanding who she was and what she wanted in her life, and making mistakes.” Mizuno was a fan of Game of Thrones before she landed the role in House of the Dragon and said the prequel series was far less "sprawling" than its forebear. Japanese-born Brish actress Mizuno is best known for her roles in the movie Crazy Rich Asians and Netflix’s limited series Maniac. The 36-year-old star is also a ballet dancer and model, who has featured in a music video for The Chemical Brothers' track Wide Open. DON'T MISS...House of the Dragon episode 1 review: If Succession had dragons [VERDICT]House of the Dragon: Stop using violence against women to further plot [OP-ED]Targaryen family tree: Who is the rightful heir to the Iron Throne? [EXPLAINER]House of the Dragon theory: Did Alicent Hightower sleep with Viserys? [ANALYSIS] She trained at the Royal Ballet School and performed with several companies before moving into acting. Mizuno has also starred in Ex Machina, La La Land, Annihilation, and the TV series Devs, among many other projects. Along with her screen work, Mizuno has been treading the boards in an off-Broadway production Cat on a Hot Tin Roof in New York. House of the Dragon airs on HBO on Sundays and Sky Atlantic on Mondays and is streaming on NOW