The Chase has become a popular household name, with the ITV quiz show propelling some of Britain's biggest brains into the spotlight. One of them is Mark Labbett, who has not only captured the eye of viewers across the country for his genius, quick wit and funny puns, but also for his ever-changing appearance. The 56-year-old has lost an incredible four inches off his chest and six inches off his belly in just six months. But how did he do it? He completely overhauled his diet and exercise routine and shows no signs of stopping. Known as "The Beast" on the popular quiz show, Mark credited several factors that "came together nicely" to help him slim right down. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake When he made his first TV debut in 2003, he weighed a whopping 29 stone at his heaviest. Now, he’s now the “smallest” he’s been in the last 30 years, having shed 63kg. He told ITV’s Loose Women last year that he dropped a few clothes sizes by eating a protein-rich diet and ditching carbohydrates, sugar and by cutting back on alcohol. He explained: "I’m on a high protein diet, so eating an awful lot of meat and lean meat. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "As much as I love chips and other carbs, I’m having quite a bit less than I used to. “And it’s sort of became a virtuous cycle, I’m not feeling that hungry, so you eat less, so you lose weight, so you’re not as hungry.” He told the panel that he lost weight "gradually", and noticed his success when he went clothes shopping. "I dropped Xs off my size, from 5XL to 4XL, and it looks like the next time I go shopping I'll be able to squeeze into XL pants," he beamed. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim "Small things but important things. "I've lost 10 stone, I was 29 stone when I was a full-time teacher in 2003 and I was in danger of high blood pressure. "I've been around 26 stone up until lockdown, and then a few things happened quite nicely and came together and I started losing weight." In January, the TV quizzer shared a photo of himself looking slim as fans gushed over all his hard work. The Instagram post, caption read: "Down to 52 inch chest from 60. "So was 5XL, now 2XL. "Still a lot of work to do."