One of the newest A Place in the Sun property experts, Craig Rowe, is already popular with fans of the Channel 4 series. Speaking to Express.co.uk about his passion for property and travel, he explained why the job was a perfect fit for him. However, while speaking about some of the tougher aspects of the show, he explained how he is pre-diabetic and must make sure he stays on top of his condition as he travels, which can be hard while he spends time on plans and in hotels with tempting breakfasts. When asked about the challenges of presenting the show, Craig laughed: "I'm just trying to think how to say it because whenever I tell friends or anyone this, they're always like, 'Yeah. yeah... you're doing A Place in the Sun!'" He continued: "I think the obviously the travel. "You spend so much time in airports and cars on trains travelling and then obviously you get there and still have to travel a lot. "So the logistics of it is quite difficult because obviously, you know how it gets when you travel. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history "Even if it's for a week's holiday, a whole day is taken up just travelling, just getting there. "So that's a bit of a challenge. But while I now try to make sure I've got some books or a couple of magazines or something to watch on the iPad, I sort of download things. "And then another sort of difficulty for me is because I'm a pre-diabetic, I've got to watch my blood sugar. "And obviously you know how it is when you're away! "You end up eating more, you drink more. "You haven't got your own kitchen so you can prepare healthy stuff as you would at home. "So I've got to constantly carry protein shakes with me. "I've got to really watch what I eat. I've got to try and say no to a drink at the end of the day. DON'T MISS... Joan Fontaine admits Hitchcock kept stars at loggerheads [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow expert values Titanic memorabilia from last survivor [VIDEO] A Place in the Sun host reflects on difficult guests [EXCLUSIVE] "I mean, not all the time but I've got to be careful. "I guess it's like anything - when you go on holiday, it's the same when you go travelling, if you try and be healthy at home, it's easier to do. "When you're away it's so much more difficult because you haven't got your gym, you haven't got much time because you're working long hours, you haven't got your kitchen. "So that's quite difficult as well but again, as it's been almost a year of doing this, I'm starting to learn ways I can help myself and just kind of look after my blood sugar a bit better."  Talking about his most recent episode, which was filmed in Barbados, he reflected: "When I first started filming episodes and when I got back from Barbados in December, I must have put on about a stone! "I shot up because I just wasn't prepared. So you know, when I was going down to breakfast in the hotels, I was having the pastries and the little cakes they have and all these sorts of things you do when you're on holiday. "And after a while, I thought, 'Crikey, I have to realise I'm not on holiday. And I'm going to be doing this a lot so I can't always go down to a hotel breakfast.' "So now when I go down, I just have my I just have a boring egg dish and a bit of salad. "I try not to even look at the croissants and cereal on all the sugary things!" A Place in the Sun airs weekdays from 3pm on Channel 4. 