Meghan celebrated her 40th birthday last year. Her father claims he sent Meghan a bouquet of roses but did not receive any acknowledgement or response. He says the bouquet contained two yellow roses, a tribute to her two children, Archie and Lilibet. Speaking to GB News, Mr Markle said: "I wished her a happy birthday and brighter days ahead but I've not heard back." The claims come as Meghan celebrates her 41st birthday today. She is expected to be celebrating the occasion privately. A rift has reportedly developed between Meghan and her father, who are thought to have not seen each other since before the royal wedding in 2018. Mr Markle is currently recovering after suffering a stroke earlier this year. He was rushed to hospital in May after losing his speech. Mr Markle stayed in the hospital for five nights. After being discharged, he said: "I feel hugely grateful and know how lucky I am to be alive. READ MORE: Meghan slammed by sister for 'negligence' after dad's stroke  "I want to thank everyone, especially the wonderful doctors and nurses who saved my life. They are angels. "I have been deeply moved by loving messages I’ve received from all over the world. People have been so kind. I can’t speak right now, but I am working hard and will thank people properly when I can." At the time of his stroke, Meghan's sister Samantha Markle hit out at the Duchess for "negligence". Speaking to GB News's Dan Wootton Tonight, the Duchess of Sussex's sister said: "He's been through so much. DON'T MISS: 'Very own Sporty Spice!' Kate turns heads as she steps out in Plymouth [PICTURES] 'Like Mummy!' Charlotte sends royal fans into meltdown in new pictures [REACTION] Royal: 'Hit after hit' Harry and Meghan suffer '12 days' of hell [REVEAL] "Two heart attacks, a pandemic and now a stroke." She claimed: "Never did [Meghan] contact him to work it out. "God, if two heart attacks, a pandemic and a stroke don't speak to her then it's between her and God now. "There is no other way. "If she can't find it in her heart and doesn't have the moral conscience to reach back to him while his life hangs in a balance and he's reaching out to her then there is no point. "Shame on her in my opinion. And she's going to have to live with that for the rest of her life. "She doesn't have a lot of time to fix this, and it is her moral obligation to fix this."