The "Abdülhamid Han" is to be sent out on Tuesday by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the state news agency Anadolu reported. The destination and route are not yet known. Turkish natural gas explorations are watched very closely, especially by neighbouring Greece - also because Turkey has not shied away in the past from exploring in areas that Athens claims for itself. Given the fact that relations are at a low point, the mission seems particularly delicate. In 2020, the two countries came to the brink of a military confrontation. At the time, the Turkish drilling ship "Oruc Reis" was making exploratory trips south of the island of Rhodes, partly escorted by warships. The Greek navy was mobilised. The situation only calmed down with the departure of the "Oruc Reis" from the disputed areas. Behind the conflict are territorial disagreements: Greece accused Turkey at the time of illegally exploring the deposits. The government in Ankara took the view that the waters belonged to the Turkish continental shelf. The United Nations Law of the Sea establishes an Exclusive Economic Zone - EEZ for short - for coastal countries. In this 200-mile zone, one state has the exclusive right to exploit mineral resources. If the coast of another country is closer, a central line applies. Greek islands that lie close to the Turkish coast thus reduce the Turkish EEZ enormously. Turkey argues - partly based on readings of international law - that islands do not have an EEZ. Ankara therefore defends the explorations as legitimate. Whether the ship will actually sail into disputed waters is unclear. The Greek government has so far kept a low profile. According to government sources, sufficient statements have been made on this issue and repeated reminders have been given that international law applies in the conflict with the neighbouring country and that the sovereignty of each country must be respected. The same circles also report that the government and the military have long since analysed and played out all possible scenarios for the route of the "Abdülhamid Han". If the ship were to violate Greece's exclusive economic zone, Athens would react as it did in the summer of 2020. READ MORE: Inside Ukraine's decentralised cyber army exposing oligarchs  At the same time, Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis has repeatedly emphasised his willingness to talk. However, if the conflict could not be settled bilaterally, the issue would have to be settled before the International Court of Justice in The Hague. Turkey, which is dependent on gas imports, has long considered itself excluded from the planned exploitation of raw materials in the region. DON'T MISS:'Atomic message' White House drenched in radioactive blood [VIDEO]Putin faces 'dramatic' turn of events in Ukraine by end of summer [ANALYSIS]Democrats project their hopes on Meghan to make a Presidential run [INSIGHT] Large gas deposits have already been discovered in the eastern Mediterranean. Experts expect further discoveries. However, whether the exploitation is at all economically viable and compatible with climate policy goals is highly controversial. Against the background of the struggle of Western states for independence from Russian energy supplies, however, the Mediterranean is also gaining renewed interest, also as a transit area. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg