Daisy had suffered fractures to two legs, her hip, four ribs and jaw on both sides at the age of just 18 weeks old when she was rescued by the RSPCA. The injuries were caused in a series of attacks by her previous owner which were left untreated. The bulldog-type pup was rescued in Merseyside last year by RSPCA Inspector Lisa Lupson following a report from a concerned member of the public. Ms Lupson rushed the helpless puppy to the vets for emergency treatment before the charity's Wirral and Chester branch went on to find Daisy a loving forever home with Emma and Jeff Rodd. And last week the RSPCA Inspector visited her to see how she was getting on. Ms Lupson said: “Daisy is full of energy and love and when she saw me she went into overdrive by excitedly running towards me and showering me with sloppy kisses. "It was such a lovely welcome and a great way to see how the work we do does make such a huge difference.” Ms Lupson said Daisy's newfound happiness is in stark contrast to when she first met the vulnerable pup. Recalling her rescue, the RSPCA Inspector said: “She was sitting on a driveway in front of her owner and she was in an upright position but was staring at the ground and appeared very subdued. “Walking up the driveway I noted that even when she saw me she continued to sit in the same position and appeared very lethargic and quiet which is not what you would expect from a dog of that age. “I knelt on the ground to coax her to come to me. "Reluctantly she managed to get up but rather than walking normally she dragged herself to me, dragging her back end and this is when I noticed that she was completely non-weight bearing on her left hind leg and struggling to walk. “I also noticed that her left ear was hanging low and was swollen with a large scab visible on the inner ear flap - showing she had more injuries. “On stroking her I could see some small bald patches on her head and slight scabbing to the neck area. "She appeared as what I can only describe as very miserable and sad. “Daisy then rested her head on the palm of my hand staring intently at me as I stroked her. It was like she was saying to me ‘please help me’ and I looked back at her thinking ‘don’t worry I won’t let you down’.” Daisy has undergone an amazing transformation as she thrives in her forever home. New owner Mrs Rodd said: “We knew what Daisy had been through in the past but seeing how happy and loving she is now it is hard to believe the pain and suffering she endured. “It shows her amazing character but also shows the fantastic work the RSPCA do. "They rescued her from a terrible situation, helped mend her broken body and then rehabilitated her until she was ready for a new home. We are delighted that she is now part of our family.” Daisy's previous owner admitted to inflicting multiple injuries when he appeared in court and failing to seek treatment for them. It comes as the RSPCA is highlighting how it received 44,427 reports of dog cruelty in 2021 as part of its Cancel out Cruelty campaign. Dermot Murphy, RSPCA Chief Inspectorate Officer said: “It is incredibly worrying that still in 2022 we are seeing this high level of cruelty towards animals. “We’ve seen a rise in reports of beatings and with the increase in pet ownership and financial pressures growing we are sadly braced for a summer of suffering which is why we are calling on the public to help us Cancel Out Cruelty and help more animals like Daisy.” 