In defence terms, the invasion of Ukraine was another 9/11. It represents a complete game-changer in terms of our national security and that of our NATO allies. Our Government's own "Integrated Review" of foreign, defence and security policy, published around a year before the invasion, correctly identified Russia as our likely primary opponent in military terms but lacked sufficient urgency in bolstering our defences, to meet the growing threat. With the Russians now intensively shelling Ukrainian towns and killing innocent civilians on a daily basis, the Integrated Review, well-intentioned though it was, has clearly been overtaken by events. As a current member of the HCDC and a former Armed Forces Minister in the MoD, one of the reasons why I voted to support Liz Truss as our next Prime Minister is that she really "gets it" when it comes to defence and foreign policy, in a way that her rival, good man that he is, never really has. In addition, as well as countering Russia, Liz has also been robust in standing up to growing Chinese influence, including in Parliament and Whitehall. In her role as Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss has specifically and consistently stood up to Russia's illegal and now increasingly barbaric invasion of Ukraine. She has strongly advocated providing military equipment to the Ukrainians to help them defend their (and ultimately our) Freedom and has firmly supported Boris Johnson in his forceful attempts to rally the Western nations, against unprovoked Russian aggression. It is also noteworthy that Ben Wallace, our widely-respected Defence Secretary, has endorsed Liz as the best person to lead the nation, not least in light of her robust reaction to the invasion of Ukraine. Although she has previously served in HM Treasury, as Chief Secretary, Liz never allowed herself to become "agency captured" by the Treasury mandarins. As such, she fully appreciates the need to increase our own Defence spending, to 3% of GDP - something which the HCDC has been urging for years. Liz has also pledged to update the Integrated Review, in light of the obviously increased threat, and has promised to review - and if necessary reverse - the current plans to reduce the British Regular Army, from an establishment of 82,500 down to around 73,000 which, post-invasion, the new Chief of the General Staff has described as "perverse" and which I, not bound by the strictures of military protocol, have previously characterised as "absolutely bonkers."