The system will automatically activate a loud, high-pitched sound on mobile phones, along with a message that will inform the owner about an emergency. Such emergencies could be severe flooding, fires, extreme weather, or public health emergencies. The Cabinet Office said that around 85 percent of the population will receive the messages, although it will be possible to opt out, should people not wish to receive them in some circumstances. Every phone in England, Scotland and Wales will receive a welcome message in September ahead of its launch in October this year, the BBC reports. The messages will be activated on mobile phones via cell towers. Cabinet Office said that, during an alert, a phone or tablet may make a loud, siren-like sound, even if it’s set on silent. Vibration will also be activated while the phone might read out the alert. The sound and vibration will last for about 10 seconds, and sometimes the alert may include a phone number or a link to the government’s website for more information. In an event of an alert, the government urges people to "stop what you’re doing and follow the instructions in the alert". In related guidance, it is noted that If someone is driving or riding when they get an alert, they should find somewhere safe to stop before using your phone or tablet. If people want to see an alert again, these will all be available on the related page [link] on the government’s website. Senior Cabinet Office Minister Kit Malthouse said: "Our job is to keep people safe. We have the information to keep them safe. We need to make sure that we broadcast it as far and wide as we can. "We will only use it in those very dangerous situations. There's not going to be a general kind of spam system. READ MORE: 'Pack your valuables!' Brits urged to pack emergency bag "You have the ability to turn it off if you really don't want to know that these things are coming to your area and are going to affect you." Explaining the technology, the government’s website writes: "Emergency alerts work like a radio broadcast. "In an emergency, mobile phone masts in the surrounding area will broadcast an alert. Every compatible mobile phone or tablet in range of a mast will receive the alert. "The emergency services and the UK government do not need your phone number to send you an alert. DON'T MISS: Three million homes at risk from 'incredible deluge' coming this weekNew crisis squad to help ‘future-proof’ countryNHS on brink with 12 hour A&E waits as Sunak and Truss are blasted "You will get alerts based on your current location – not where you live or work. "No one will collect or share data about you, your device or your location when you receive an alert. "You will not get alerts if your device is turned off or in aeroplane mode. "Emergency alerts are free. You do not need to sign up for them or download an app. "You can opt out of some emergency alerts, but you should keep them switched on for your own safety."